January 2, 2019
WHAT BOEING NEEDS to build isn't a fancy new long-range widebody. What it needs to build is a replacement for the 757.
When it debuted in the early 1980s, the twin-engined 757 was ahead of its time, and it went on to sell quite well until the production line closed fifteen years ago. By now the plane is — or should be — obsolete. Indeed it's rare to spot a 757 outside of the United States. But here at home it remains popular, a mainstay of the fleets at United, American and Delta, who together operate over two-hundred of them. They've kept the plane on their rosters so long for good reason: its capabilities are unmatched, and there's nothing that can replace it.
The 757 is maybe the most versatile jetliner Boeing has ever built — a medium-capacity, high-performing plane that is able to turn a profit on both short and longer-haul routes — domestic or international; across the Mississippi or across the North Atlantic. The 757 makes money flying between New York and Europe, and also between Atlanta and Jacksonville. United and Delta fly 757s from their East Coast gateways on eight-hour services to Ireland, Scandinavia, and even Africa. You'll also see it on 60-minute segments into Kansas City, Cleveland, and Tampa.
Along the way, it meets every operational challenge. Short runway? Stiff headwinds? Full payload? No problem. With 180 passengers, the plane can safely depart from a short runway, climb directly to cruise altitude, and fly clear across the country — or the ocean. Nothing else can do that. And it's a great-looking machine to boot.
I know this in part because I've been piloting the 757 for the past nine years, along with its somewhat bigger sibling, the 767. The 787 is an excellent replacement for the latter, but what's going to supersede the 757?
Boeing has been pitching its latest 737 variants as the right plane for the job. Airbus touts the A321. Am I the only one rolling my eyes? Sure these planes are sophisticated and efficient, but neither has the range, power, nor capacity to match the 757.
With the 737, Boeing took what essentially was a regional jet — the original 737-100 first flew in 1967, and was intended to carry a hundred or so passengers on flights of around 400 miles — and has pushed, pushed, pushed, pushed, and pushed the thing to the edge of its envelope, over and over, through a long series of derivatives, from the -200 through the -900 and now onward to the 737 “MAX.” In other words, it has been continuously squeezed into missions it was never really intended for. Its range allows cross-country pairings, but transoceanic markets are mostly out of the question. It carries fewer passengers and less cargo than a 757, and at heavy weights it is often altitude-restricted. For a jet of its size, it uses huge amounts of runway and has startlingly high takeoff and landing speeds. The passenger cabin is skinny and uncomfortable, using a fuselage cross-section unchanged from the 707, engineered in the 1950s. The cockpit is incredibly cramped and noisy. And just look at the thing. The “Frankenplane,” I call it. I don't care how many changes and updates the plane has undergone; at heart, it's still a blasted 737 — a fifty year-old design trying to pass itself off as a modern jetliner.
I was jammed into the cockpit jumpseat — more of a jump-bench, actually — on an American Airlines 737-800 not long ago, flying from Los Angeles to Boston. Man, if we didn't need every foot of LAX's runway 25R, at last getting off the ground at a nearly supersonic 165 knots — thank god we didn't blow a tire — then slowly step-climbing our way to cruise altitude. What would it have been like in the opposite direction, I wondered — a longer flight, from a shorter runway, in the face of winter headwinds?
By contrast, I recently piloted a 757 on a flight from Boston to San Francisco. At flaps 20, we lifted off at a docile 130 knots from Logan's stubby, 7000-foot runway 09, with nearly half the runway still remaining! With every seat full and seven hours' worth of fuel, we climbed directly to 36,000 feet and flew all the way to California. That's performance.
Airbus, for its part, says that its A321, a stretched-out version of the A320, is the more adequate replacement than the 737. Perhaps it is, but this plane, too, fails to match the 757's range or payload capabilities. A newer variant, the A321 “neo,” might prove to be more suitable, time will tell. If so, and if Airbus begins to rack up orders, then shame on Boeing.
What Boeing has long needed to do is design us a new airframe — let's call it the 797 — that can equal the 757's remarkable combination of performance and economy, but with more fuel-efficient engines, a modernized flight deck and a new cabin. This is well within the technical expertise, if not the imagination, of the world's largest plane-maker. For years the company has balked at such an endeavor, insisting that the market for such a plane, estimated at anywhere from 300 to a thousand examples, is too limited. As a point of comparison, Boeing says that it won't break even on its super-successful 787 programs until at least 1,500 aircraft have been delivered. (If this is true, it's a sad testament to how expensive it has become to develop new aircraft.) Meanwhile we get more and more 737s — the plane that kind of, sort of does the job, but not really.
Lately, though, there are rumblings that Boeing might change its mind. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg has been hinting that a 797 may indeed be in the works, and a teaser mock-up was just unveiled at the Paris Air Show in 2017. The project is nicknamed the NMA, or “new midsize airplane.”
“We are beginning to hone in after a lot of productive conversations with our customers,” said Muilenburg in an interview with Aviation Week. They cite a “clear market space” for a plane that would fit between the 737 and 787 families. “But the business case has to make sense,” they caution. “We have the capacity to do this airplane if the market tells us to.”
That's the good news. The bad, or at least confusing news, is that preliminary renderings of the NMA show us a jetliner seating between 220 and 270 passengers. The plane will have two aisles in 2-3-2 economy configuration — a sort of mini-widebody like the 767 — with a composite fuselage and wings, and a range of just over 5,000 nautical miles.
Is it just me, or is this much too big of an airplane? I like the twin-aisle idea. Two aisles makes for faster boarding and deplaning, and it gives the cabin a roomier feel overall. The NMA all but has to be a two-aisle jet. But, otherwise, how is this not just a 787 with a slightly shorter range? A 757 replacement would be a plane that tops out at around 220 passengers, not one that starts there.
It strikes me that the airplane Boeing ought to be putting out there is one that already exists, at least as a template. I'm talking about the 767. Specifically, the 767-200. The 767-200, which debuted in 1982, was quickly superseded by the larger -300, many of which remain in service. It's an obsolete model that, by today's standards, would be laughably uneconomical. In terms of size, range, and capacity, however, it'd be just about perfect as a 757 replacement. So, the thinking (mine) goes, why not upgrade it? Imagine the -200 with new engines, a new cockpit, and overhauled internal systems. Is that not a better option — especially considering the limited market that Boeing predicts for a mid-market plane — than spending billions on an all-new airframe? Call it the 767-X. Twin-aisle comfort for 180-200 people; containerized luggage and cargo; all the range and unbeatable brawn of the 757. What's not to like?
I know what you'll say: The underlying architecture of the 767 is much too old for such an idea. You're probably right. So, fine, give us an all-new airframe if you have to: the 797. Either way, the plane's basic blueprint, in terms of size, weight, and range, is right there in front of you.
We'll see what happens. For now, the 757 flies on.
Related Stories:
ODE TO THE 767.
FAREWELL DOUGLAS. TWO CLASSIC JETLINERS ARE PUT TO PASTURE.
Google is planning to retire the option which allows users to insert calendar invites directly within emails.
Spotted by the Google Operating System fan site, and confirmed by Gmail community managers, the option will be removed in July. As of now, if you choose to insert a calendar invite within an email, you'll get a message warning you of the changes ahead.
While the move is likely to irritate a few people – the feature allowed you to send invites without having to open up Google Calendar itself – it was likely under used by the majority.
On top of that, the community managers said “we'll still be supporting creating invitations, just through different steps. The workaround now is to click into calendar and to create an invitation from there,” so it sounds like being rerouted to Google Calendar itself may only be temporary.
➤ Gmail Will Remove Calendar Invitation Feature [Unofficial Google Operating System Blogspot]
Featured Image Credit – Thinkstock
Read next: Vote on Twitter for the next word to make it into the Collins Dictionary, you adorkable duckface
Background
For years, I've harnessed the “Observer Star Ratings” blog to look at Star Accumulations by Star or Who has the Brightest Future (Age vs Star Ratings). While I had the information of who was in the matches, I lacked other important data points such as length of the match, type of show or finish of match.
Through sheer will of force and extensively cross-referencing with The History of WWE I've mapped each of the matches to collect these data points.
I've been interested in whether or not it's possible to qualify the qualities of what distinguishes a good *** match from a great **** match. By examining the dataset in full, can we draw any conclusions about which factors seem to influence how Dave Meltzer rated the matches?
Initial Findings
The first thing that immediately jumps out is the relationship between star ratings and average match length.
Expressed graphically, the trend is even clearer:
It's important to pause here and note some things:
Long does not necessarily equal good. The initial dataset was composed only of matches that were rated three stars or higher. Any findings here only apply to comparing similarly situated (three stars or higher) WWE matches. That is to say, there are plenty of long WWE matches which were not rated even three stars. Simply being long doesn't equate with being good. However, among good matches, there is certainly a relationship between being longer (or at least of a certain length) and being rated highly.
Entrepreneurs like to say there is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come. Is education innovation that next big idea?
THE WEB LEAGUE
Universities have been called walled gardens. But ten years ago, some elite colleges opened a crack the ivy walls to let the Web in. MIT launched OpenCourseWare [OCW], a free online database of undergraduate and graduate courses taught at MIT, including lectures, tests, and discussion sections. Around the same time, Yale, Stanford and Oxford teamed up to form AllLearn, an alliance that offered eight- to ten-week e-courses to thousands of students from around the globe.
In the last decade, OCW has grown into a global consortium of hundreds of universities with thousands of online curricula that you can browse and download for free. Meanwhile at Yale, after the AllLearn alliance disbanded in 2006, President Richard Levin teamed up with art history and classics professor Diana E. E. Kleiner to find a new way to put Yale courses online.
"We wanted to make a contribution to the world," Kleiner tells me. "So we recorded a selection of the most popular Yale courses, and put them online for free. That become Yale Open Courses." Where OCW specialized in syllabi and lecture notes, Yale focused on high quality video that made users feel like they were sitting orchestra center at a lecture theater. Three million unique visitors have visited the Yale website, with millions more checking in through YouTube and iTunes U, Apple's online warehouse of lectures, slideshows, and audiobooks from more than 800 universities around the world.
Yale lectures have even become supplemental material for AP classes across the country, Kleiner told me, suggesting "a real hunger for these lectures beyond our expectations." Them stories of students emailing thanks to Yale for 5's on AP exams suggests a future where the nation's best professors create instructional videos for classrooms across the country.
It's a vision shared by Joel Klein. "One of the best things we could do is hire fewer teachers and pay more to the ones we hire," they write. And technology would get us from here to there:
If you get the best math professors in the world--who are great teachers and who deeply understand math--and match them with great software developers, they can create sophisticated interactive programs that engage kids and empower teachers. Why not start with such a program and then let teachers supplement it differently, depending on the progress of each student?"
Kleiner reads from the same script, if more cautiously. "If the best economics teacher in the world creates a course that is better than any other, would there be merit in having that course be the only course?" they ask. "Maybe, but you would still need teachers. There's no substitution for personal education."
At 1,000 years, the search for the location of Ashkenaz – thought to be the birthplace of Ashkanazic Jews and the Yiddish language – is one of the longest quests in human history. It is perhaps second only in length to the search for Noah's Ark which began in the 3rd century AD.
The place name Ashkenaz occurs three times in the Bible, but by the Middle Ages the exact origin of Ashkenaz was forgotten. Because of the migration of the Ashkenazic Jews it later became associated with Germany. This led to all German Jews being considered “Ashkenazic”, a term which was then applied to central and eastern European Jews who follow Ashkenazic religious customs and who speak Yiddish.
The Yiddish language – which consists of Hebrew, German, Slavic elements and is written in Aramaic – has been spoken at least since the 9th century AD, but its origins have been debated by linguists for several centuries. While some have suggested a German origin, others believe a more complex beginning for the language, starting in Slavic lands in Khazaria – the Middle Age Khazar Empire that covered present-day southern Russia, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, and parts of the Caucasus – and followed by Ukraine, and finally Germany. Although the language adopted a German vocabulary it retained its Slavic grammar – which is why Yiddish is often referred to as “bad German”.
The inability of linguists to reach a consensus have led some to decry that the mystery of where Yiddish came from will never be solved. But now for the first time a pioneering tool that converts genome data into ancestral coordinates, is helping to pinpoint the DNA of Yiddish speakers.
In the largest genomic study of Ashkenazic Jews, and the first one to study Yiddish speakers, we applied our Geographic Population Structure (GPS) tool – which operates in a similar way to the sat nav in your car – to the genomes of more than 360 Yiddish and non-Yiddish speaking Ashkenazic Jews.
Author provided , Author provided
Surprisingly, our GPS homed in on north-east Turkey, where we found four primeval villages, one of which was abandoned in the mid-7th century AD.
These ancient villages identified by the GPS tool are clustered close to the Silk Road – the ancient network of trade routes – and are named Iskenaz, Eskenaz, Ashanaz, and Ashkuz. And it is likely that these are the villages that mark the location of the lost lands of Ashkenaz.
The history of a people
Located on the cross roads of ancient trade routes, this region suggests that the Yiddish language was developed by Iranian and Ashkenazic Jews as they traded on the Silk Road from the first centuries AD to around the 9th century when they arrived in Slavic lands.
Putting together evidence from linguistic, history, and genetics, we concluded that the ancient Ashkenazic Jews were merchants who developed Yiddish as a secret language – with 251 words for “buy” and “sell” – to maintain their monopoly. They were known to trade in everything from fur to slaves.
By the 8th century the words “Jew” and “merchant” were practically synonymous, and it was around this time that Ashkenazic Jews began relocating from ancient Ashkenaz to the Khazar Empire to expand their mercantile operations.
Claudine Van Massenhove/Shutterstock
This Jewish migration led to some of the Turkic Khazar rulers and numerous eastern Slavs living within the Khazar Empire to convert to Judaism so they didn't miss out on the lucrative Silk Road trade between Germany and China.
But the demise of Khazaria due to continued invasions and finally the Black Death devastated this last Jewish Empire of Khazaria. This led to the Ashkenazic Jews splitting into two groups – some remaining in the Caucasus and others migrating into eastern Europe and Germany.
The two groups still called themselves Ashkenazic Jews, however the name Ashkenaz became more strongly associated with Germany and the the European group – for whom Yiddish became their primary language.
A secret language
Since north-east Turkey is the only place in the world where the place names of Iskenaz, Eskenaz, Ashanaz, and Ashkuz exist this strongly implies that Yiddish was established around the first millennium at a time when Jewish traders moved goods from Asia to Europe. This was done by developing the language of Yiddish, which very few can speak or understand other than Jews.
Further evidence to the origin of Ashkenazic Jews can be found in many customs – such as the breaking of a glass at a wedding ceremony and placing stones over tombstones, which were probably introduced by Slavic converts to Judaism.
By studying the origin of Yiddish using our GPS technology, combined with a citizen science approach, we were able to shed light on one of the most forgotten chapters of history and demonstrate the use of bio-geographical genetic tools to study the origin of languages. For Ashkanazic Jews these are the ties that bind their history, culture, behaviour, and identity.
Andrea Janus, CTVNews.ca
Nearly three-quarters of Canadians say the three senators at the centre of an ongoing expenses scandal should be suspended “without pay,” which is what the federal government is attempting to do this week.
The Ipsos Reid poll conducted for CTV News found that 73 per cent of respondents believes Senators Mike Duffy, Pamela Wallin and Patrick Brazeau should be “immediately suspended from the Senate without pay.”
One-quarter of respondents believe the three senators should be “allowed to collect their pay and sit as senators until the RCMP completes its investigation.”
The poll found that in nearly every province, a “solid majority” of Canadians believe the senators should be immediately suspended and lose their pay.
The slimmest majority is in Alberta, where 54 per cent of respondents believes the senators should be suspended, while 46 per cent said such a move should wait until the RCMP investigations are complete.
John Wright, senior vice president of Ipsos Reid, said Canadians' lack of sympathy for the senators is likely due to their perception that they have only recently spoken up to defend themselves, after months of negative media headlines.
“The issue of due process is something that in the court of public opinion you could argue, but you should be arguing it at the outset. Most people believe that there's been a violation of public trust here and that these senators should be gone,” Wright said.
“The fact of the matter is for about the last seven months, Canadians have heard an awful lot about this case, the senators haven't responded until the last minute.”
The poll found that the scandal has captured the attention of Canadians, with nearly 60 per cent saying they are “closely” following the developments of the Senate expenses scandal, while about 41 per cent said they aren't paying close attention.
Senators are currently debating motions to suspend Duffy, Wallin and Brazeau without pay for the remainder of the current Parliamentary term, which ends in 2015. They would also not receive benefits or have access to Senate resources.
If a motion to invoke closure on the debate is passed, senators are expected to vote on the suspension motions themselves on Wednesday or Thursday.
The motions allege “gross negligence” over the senators' expenses, which outside audits found included some ineligible claims. The three were ordered to repay thousands of dollars and their audits have been referred to the RCMP.
The scandal has heated up in recent days after Duffy alleged that Prime Minister Stephen Harper ordered Duffy to repay the $90,000 they were found to have inappropriately claimed. Harper confirmed that they ordered Duffy to repay the money, but says they were unaware that their then-chief of staff, Nigel Wright, had given them the money.
The poll results show that one-in-three Canadians “agrees” that they “believe Prime Minister Harper when they say they did not know about their former Chief of Staff, Nigel Wright, writing a personal cheque for $90,000 to pay back Senator Duffy's inappropriate expenses.”
Two-thirds of Canadians, or 65 per cent, “disagree” that they believe the prime minister. Albertans are most likely to believe the prime minister (52 per cent), while Atlantic Canadians are the least likely to believe the prime minister (28 per cent).
An overwhelming majority of respondents, 81 per cent, said they “agree” that the “government should have a public inquiry” into the Nigel Wright-Mike Duffy deal, while just 19 per cent “disagree.”
The poll also found that 33 per cent of Canadians “approve” of how Harper “has performed in managing the Senate issue,” a figure that is actually up 3 points since last July. About 67 per cent of Canadians “disapprove” of the prime minister's handling of the scandal.
Senate review + reform
Respondents were also asked whether senators themselves should be left to review the issues raised by the scandal. Nearly two-thirds, or 62 per cent, of respondents said they “disagree” with the statement that “the Senate itself can conduct a thorough and trustworthy review of issues related to the expenses of Senators.” About four in 10, or 38 per cent, said they “agree” with that statement.
When broken down by provinces, Quebecers are most likely to agree that the Senate can deal with the expenses scandal itself. Forty-seven per cent of respondents in Quebec said they agree with the statement that the Senate can sort the issue out itself.
Across the country, respondents who believed the Senate can handle the issue included:
38 per cent of Ontarians;
35 per cent of Albertans;
33 per cent of British Columbians;
32 per cent in Atlantic Canada;
31 per cent in Saskatchewan and Manitoba.
Meanwhile, more Canadians believe the Senate should be reformed or abolished in the wake of the scandal.
In the latest poll, 49 per cent of respondents said the Senate should be “reformed to make it, for example, an elected body,” which is up seven points from early this year.
About 43 per cent of respondents said the Senate “should be done away with completely,” which is also up seven points from earlier this year. About eight per cent said the Senate “should be kept as is,” down 14 points from earlier in the year.
Residents of B.C. (53 per cent), Ontario (53 per cent), Alberta (51 per cent) and Saskatchewan and Manitoba (51 per cent) are most likely to favour reforming the Senate, while the most likely to favour abolition are Quebecers and Atlantic Canadians (both 54 per cent).
The poll was conducted between Oct. 25 and Oct. 28, 2013, and sampled 1,102 Canadians from Ipsos' Canadian online panel. The findings are considered accurate to within +/- 3.4 percentage points.
Fed­er­al Com­mu­nic­a­tions Com­mis­sion Chair­man Tom Wheel­er hin­ted on Tues­day that they have no im­me­di­ate plans to form­ally re­in­state their agency's net-neut­ral­ity reg­u­la­tions.
In­stead, Wheel­er touted the be­ne­fits of wait­ing for ab­uses to oc­cur and then crack­ing down on a case-by-case basis. The FCC chief said they favor ad­dress­ing prob­lems “in a dy­nam­ic rather than a stat­ic way.”
“Case-by-case is a dy­nam­ic ap­proach rather than ‘Well, every­body's got to go through the eye of this needle,'” Wheel­er said in a dis­cus­sion at the State of the Net con­fer­ence in Wash­ing­ton.
The D.C. Cir­cuit Court of Ap­peals struck down the FCC's net-neut­ral­ity reg­u­la­tions earli­er this month. The rules re­quired In­ter­net ser­vice pro­viders to treat all Web traffic equally. Sup­port­ers of the rules fear that In­ter­net pro­viders could soon be­gin slow­ing down or block­ing web­sites that fail to pay spe­cial fees.
These ad­voc­ates ar­gue that pro­tect­ing the In­ter­net as an open plat­form where all sites are treated equally is the best way to pro­mote in­nov­a­tion and com­pet­i­tion.
But the court agreed with Ve­r­i­zon’s law­suit, con­clud­ing that the rules in­ap­pro­pri­ately treated In­ter­net pro­viders as “com­mon car­ri­ers” — which the agency is barred from do­ing. Wheel­er, however, noted that the court up­held a broad FCC au­thor­ity to reg­u­late the In­ter­net.
The FCC could use that broad au­thor­ity to pun­ish In­ter­net pro­viders that en­gage in flag­rant net-neut­ral­ity vi­ol­a­tions, Wheel­er sug­ges­ted. The agency can bring ac­tions with the goal of pro­mot­ing broad­band de­ploy­ment, pro­tect­ing con­sumers, or en­sur­ing com­pet­i­tion, for ex­ample.
But any FCC en­force­ment ac­tion over net neut­ral­ity would al­most cer­tainly face im­me­di­ate leg­al chal­lenges. It's un­clear what prin­ciples the FCC could en­force through ad hoc ac­tions that it couldn't en­force through form­al reg­u­la­tions.
Net-neut­ral­ity ad­voc­ates are ur­ging the FCC to take a bolder move to save the rules. They want the agency to re­clas­si­fy broad­band In­ter­net as a “tele­com­mu­nic­a­tions ser­vice.” Un­der the Com­mu­nic­a­tions Act, the FCC has sweep­ing powers to reg­u­late tele­com­mu­nic­a­tions ser­vices, in­clud­ing as com­mon car­ri­ers.
Re­clas­si­fy­ing broad­band would put the rules on firmer leg­al ground but would prompt a massive fight with con­gres­sion­al Re­pub­lic­ans that could de­rail Wheel­er's oth­er pri­or­it­ies.
At the con­fer­ence, the FCC chair­man also in­dic­ated they have no prob­lem with cel­lu­lar car­ri­ers dis­crim­in­at­ing between dif­fer­ent kinds of sites and ser­vices. Al­though the FCC's net-neut­ral­ity rules largely ex­emp­ted wire­less traffic, Wheel­er's com­ments likely dis­may open-In­ter­net ad­voc­ates who thought the ori­gin­al rules should have been stronger.
“[The net-neut­ral­ity or­der] clearly al­lows and en­cour­ages in fact this kind of thing,” Wheel­er said of wire­less dis­crim­in­a­tion. “We be­lieve that mar­kets should be in­nov­at­ive. And at the same point in time, we are not reti­cent to say, ‘Ex­cuse me, that's an­ti­com­pet­it­ive. Ex­cuse me, that's self-deal­ing. Ex­cuse me, this is a con­sumer ab­use.' “
Well, fight fans: Be sure to circle Dec. 12 on your calendars – because UFC 194 is shaping up to be one hell of a card.
UFC officials today announced welterweight contenders Demian Maia (21-6 MMA, 15-6 UFC) and Gunnar Nelson (14-1-1 MMA, 5-1 UFC) have joined the already-loaded lineup.
UFC 194 takes place at Las Vegas' MGM Grand Garden Arena. The main card airs on pay-per-view following prelims on FOX Sports 1 and UFC Fight Pass.
Maia is ranked No. 10 and Nelson is No. 15 in the NOS Energy Drink MMA welterweight rankings.
Maia, who had an initial run of success of welterweight before a pair of back-to-back losses, looks to continue their resurgence. The 37-year-old Brazilian and former middleweight title challenger recently picked up a submission victory over surging Neil Magny (and earned a “Performance of the Night” bonus) and now owns a three-fight winning streak.
They meet another grappling specialist in Nelson, a 27-year-old Icelandic fighter who opened their pro career with a 13-0-1 mark before a split-decision loss to Rick Story in 2014. They recently returned to the win column with a submission victory over Brandon Thatch. Nelson now has 10 submissions in 14 career victories.
With the addition, the latest UFC 194 lineup now includes:
Champ Jose Aldo vs. interim champ Conor McGregor – for featherweight title
Champ Chris Weidman vs. Luke Rockhold – for middleweight title
Yoel Romero vs. Ronaldo Souza
Max Holloway vs. Jeremy Stephens
Urijah Faber vs. Frankie Saenz
Demian Maia vs. Gunnar Nelson
Tecia Torres vs. Michelle Waterson
Warlley Alves vs. Colby Covington
Marcio Alexandre Jr. vs. Court McGee
John Makdessi vs. Yancy Medeiros
Kevin Lee vs. Leonardo Santos
Magomed Mustafaev vs. Joe Proctor
For more on UFC 194, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Tahsildars have become marketing managers to promote gas connections in view of the state government directives to ensure gas connections to every white ration cardholder so as to put an end to the supply of kerosene and convert AP into a smoke-free state by June 8.
Nellore: Tahsildars have become marketing managers to promote gas connections in view of the state government directives to ensure gas connections to every white ration cardholder so as to put an end to the supply of kerosene and convert AP into a smoke-free state by June 8. Much of the time of the tahsildars is being spent on prevailing upon BPL families in rural areas to take LPG connections for the last six months.
They are instrumental in nearly two lakh households switching over to LPG under Deepam scheme in SPSR Nellore district. They are even arranging funds with the help of local philanthropists to enable the poor among cardholders take gas connection under Deepam scheme because of pressure on them to complete the task. Despite the efforts, 50,000 people are yet to be covered though the deadline is just 10 days away.
A peculiar problem being faced by the Tahsildars is that many people, especially in rural areas, are wary over LPG under the assumption that it is an explosive and they want to continue with kerosene for cooking. A Tahsildar working in Sullurpeta C. Ravindra Babu said they had come across people who do not want the connection even if it is offered free of cost because of fear over leakage and explosion.
Incidentally the state government has been bearing the security deposit Rs 1,650 towards cylinder and regulator under the scheme for each connection. Nellore Joint Collector A. MD. Imtiaz said they would have covered all BPL households with LPG by this time if not for non-cooperation by some gas companies.
Though they fell in line now, gas companies such as BPCL and HPCL had demanded advance payment of subsidy and this led to delay in completing the ambitious programme, JC said. Expressing confidence in completing the target before June 8 deadline, they said they will continue to supply kerosene to 30,000 households in the district because of a restriction by the Centre against LPG connection to thatched houses.
Thurrock is where Russell Brand grew up , which is highly ironic given that it might be one of the handful of constituencies that returns a Ukip MP next week. What would the yoga-flying mockney Marxist make of that? He'd probably put it down to a lack of class consciousness or the alienating effects of living so close to Lakeside Shopping Centre. But, actually, it's because the local Kippers are rather good at what they do.
Lord Ashcroft's polling has Ukip slightly ahead in a seat that was once solid Labour, then went Tory by 92 votes in 2010, and now looks set to change again . The Ukip campaign offered to show me around, so they picked me up from Ockendon station in a purple bus with the slogan “Here comes common sense” splashed across the side. The driver was in a light brown jacket that looked suspiciously like tweed; Nigel grinned at me from a leaflet stuck to the window. I could've been forgiven for thinking that I was on another one of those Ukip bandwagons to nowhere – just like the rollercoster ride going on in South Thanet that could end in Nigel's defeat .
But I was wrong. You see, while the eyes of London's media have been fixated by the Farage show, or on the occasional Ukip bigot, in some corners of the country the party has been quietly building a structure. In 2014, Ukip won 6 seats on the local council and around 12 per cent of the vote. In 2015, their parliamentary candidate is Councillor Tim Aker – born and bred in the constituency. Aker is a lot of things that Nigel Farage is not: he's not flamboyant, they speak with an estuary accent and they wear a fleece over their bright pink tie.
The campaign is a populist one. Aker's big promise is to give a voice to the locals. That might sound unoriginal, but when you consider that the Labour candidate, Polly Billington, is a former journalist and Miliband adviser, it gives them something of an advantage over the once-dominant Left . The streets were awash with Aker signs and when they knocked on doors the response was so good that I felt moved to ask if the campaign had taken me to meet their friends and neighbours. Aker says that they're working-class folks who feel “left behind”, and in a way he's articulating a class war that's occurring within Thurrock itself. One woman on the doorstep said that the area had overdeveloped since the 1970s to the advantage of Londoners moving east. Thurrock has become crowded, without a corresponding improvement in local services – a complaint I also heard in the recent Rochester and Strood by-election . It's the locals vs unsympathetic gentrification.
Nigel Farage campaigns in Thurrock with Tim Aker
Ukip is unfashionable among the metropolitan set, and that might be precisely why it's doing so well in Thurrock. Bits of Thurrock are unfashionable, too. It used to be a big manufacturing area and the docks were once full of ships sending out goods to the empire. But many of those jobs have gone, leaving behind pockets of poverty (at the railway station I witnessed a boy arguing with a guard that they shouldn't have to buy a ticket to get to court as they were only going there because “the bloody judge” ordered them to). About a year ago, Matthew Parris wrote an infamous column about Clacton suggesting that the town would elect a Ukip MP in the by-election because it was tired and out of step with modern Britain. Maybe that's true. But what does one do with all the unfashionable, unexciting, unsexy people left behind? Leave ‘em to rot? Aker showed me photographs of council houses where the mould was shockingly dense. “Some of the housing isn't fit for animals to live in,” they said angrily.
Europe didn't once come up in conversation, which is surprising because Aker is not only a councillor but also an MEP. Indeed, the cynic might ask how they manage to find time to run for so many things at once and do any one job well (although, again, the response on the doorstep suggests that they pull it off). Moreover, immigration hardly featured at all. Of course the subject is there beneath the surface. It was suggested by some of the activists that in some parts of the constituency “you can't hear an English accent”. But does this, as a Kipper insisted, really go hand-in-hand with a rise in crime and leafy England becoming a “no-go area” (he added, for emphasis, “and that's a fact”)? The distance between perception and reality on the immigration issue can be vast. Even when I visited rural Sheffield Hallam this week I was informed by a local that the village was being swamped. And apart from one French student leafleting for the Lib Dems, I never met a single foreigner.
Activists on the campaign trail for Tim Aker
Suddenly, two massive billboards drove down the lane – the national campaign invading Aker's populist skirmish. One featured Nigel grinning away as per usual, the other asked if Cameron could be trusted on immigration. At that moment, I felt it was a great pity that Ukip had to be so Ukippy – because in Thurrock there were signs that it was really just Old Labour reasserting itself. A lady on a doorstep said that their family was historically Labour but that the great workers' movement had lost touch with ordinary people: even their trade-union father thought so. One Ukip activist, formerly Labour as well, said that they had become just like the rest. Another suggested that Ed regarded politics as a “business opportunity” (a family business, obviously). “I believe they are dirty parties,” they said of Labour and the Tories – both stained by corruption and compromise.
Before we chalk Thurrock up as a win, there are other scenarios to consider. One is Ukip that voters return to Conservatives or Labour on the day. “We are building things up from scratch,” said a Kipper, “so we don't have that thing going for us of ‘dad and granddad always voted Labour'”
Something else I've noticed when visiting the midlands is that people are wary about “wasting” their vote, and Thurrock might be an example of where they prefer to elect a government rather than a protest movement. But if they do stay the course, and if Aker enters Parliament, the future for Ukip could be far more interesting than many had thought.
The party isn't just about Farage. And if it's local in focus, it can apparently build support. Revolutions, after all, are hard won and can take years to bear fruit.
After years of unnecessary expansion, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) may soon get some much-needed reform. Senator Wyden, along with Representatives Lofgren and Sensenbrenner, recently introduced Aaron's Law, which offers modest, common-sense changes to the draconian anti-hacking law and brings the statute in-line with recent court rulings limiting its scope.
Though it doesn't go as far as we would like, Aaron's law, named after the late Internet activist and pioneer Aaron Swartz, draws from EFF's own proposal by adapting the statute to reflect modern times and protect innovation. The bill lowers some of the penalties for crimes that produce little or no harm, deletes a provision that is repeated elsewhere in the statute, and clarifies once and for all that violating terms of service agreements is not a crime.
Unfortunately, despite widespread agreement between all sides that the CFAA is both outdated and overboard, many corporate representatives are now claiming that fixing the CFAA will hinder companies from going after “insider threats” or employees who take allegedly confidential company information. For example, in an article arguing that Aaron's Law will "eliminate the use of the CFAA," former Justice Department attorney Jason Weinstein wrote the new bill “would make it effectively impossible to use the CFAA to prosecute, or to bring civil suits based on, insider thefts of intellectual property or other proprietary business information.”
Weinstein's complaints about Aaron's Law recycle the same old strawman argument: the CFAA is needed to stop employees from taking trade secrets. Companies can use a variety of existing statues, like trade secret, anti-fraud, or economic espionage laws to go after these “insider threats.” And of course even for non-trade secrets, copyright law applies, both civil and criminal. All of these laws have the same or tougher penalties as the CFAA as currently written.
Civil actions are yet another way for companies to tackle trade secrets or intellectual property theft. Even without the CFAA and without trade secrets laws, Companies can resort to civil actions like breach of contract or tortious interference with in either federal or state court. The actions provide them with the threat of bankruptcy for disloyal insiders and possibly even some financial recuperation, on par with what they would receive through a criminal case.
In case companies are worried about what laws they can use to alleviate these problems, we've created a handy chart which shows all the ways these types of actions are still illegal.
Unfortunately, it's not just Weinstein who has made these misleading arguments. In another post, the Software and Information Industry Association (SIIA) states that the CFAA is effective at "protect[ing] billions of dollars of research and development." Unfortunately, SIIA forgets that those actions are not only covered by some of the above laws, but are covered by many other laws as well. Again we refer SIIA to our chart.
Regardless of the myriad other laws that companies can use to go after this type of behavior, it's important to remember why this particular provision is being fixed in the first place: the “exceeds authorized access” language in the CFAA goes far beyond the insider threat scenario and creates criminal liability for routine, innocent Internet behavior for the millions of Americans who use the Internet everyday.
In fact, even Weinstein admits the statute is written "broadly enough to cover innocuous online activity." It's not in dispute that the Justice Department still considers Internet terms of service and employee terms of use violations a criminal act. It's even in official Justice Department policy guidelines. We've warned the dangers of this interpretation again and again, yet some corporate representatives are willing to let the general public continue to risk being called criminal for lying on Craigslist in order to ensure their easy ability have the cops throw disloyal employees in jail rather than merely firing them or bankrupting them with a lawsuit.
And even with these modest changes, the CFAA still has plenty of teeth. For instance, it severely punishes criminalizes malware injections, distributed denial of service attacks, and theft of login information.
We understand ambiguity about employee “authorized” access is a major headache at companies. But Aaron's law will actually help clarify what is, and is not, authorized by finally defining a key term in the bill. But that's not why Aaron's law is important. It's important, and long overdue because Aaron's Law stops the Justice Department from using current ambiguities in the law to threatens citizens with serious prosecutions involving felony prison time for common behavior, while still leaving many tools for companies to go after legitimate bad actors. Tell Congress now to reform the CFAA.
House Speaker Mike O'Neal, R-Hutchinson, cast the tie-breaking vote as the House Redistricting Committee passed 12-11 a congressional map that would split Wyandotte County.
Currently Wyandotte County — heavily Democratic — is entirely in the state's 3rd Congressional District. The map passed by the House would put most of the county with western Kansas in the 1st District, while shifting Douglas County from the 2nd District to the 3rd.
Only the southeast corner of Wyandotte County around The University of Kansas Medical Center would remain in the 3rd District.
Democratic leaders quickly blasted the map, which they said was an attempt to protect Republican incumbents.
Senate Minority Leader Anthony Hensley, D-Topeka, said they warned about such a map months ago, only to have O'Neal laugh it off as a "conspiracy theory."
"For nearly a year, Mike O'Neal has insinuated that I'm a liar, both to the media and in front of our colleagues in the Kansas Legislature," Hensley said in a prepared statement. "It's a classic case of the pot calling the kettle black."
O'Neal, who introduced the map that was voted on Wednesday, didn't immediately respond to a message left at their office. They have said their map is different than the one Hensley was warning about.
House Minority Leader Paul Davis, D-Lawrence, blasted O'Neal's map as "the epitome of gerrymandering" in a prepared statement.
Davis cried foul on the House's congressional map on the same day Rep. Brenda Landwehr, R-Wichita, accused a Senate committee of gerrymandering the state Senate maps.
Landwehr told the Senate Reapportionment Committee that a map it is considering improperly merges their home district with one more laden with minorities.
Landwehr, who has announced their intention to run for the Senate in the fall, said the map breaks rules about splitting "communities of interest" by bleeding their district into one represented by Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau, D-Wichita.
"Gerrymandering an area of Wichita where primarily Caucasian voters reside in homes that are upwards of $800,000 in price violates committee rules and federal redistricting guidelines," said Landwehr, who is white. "Any map that draws my home into Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau's district is a violation of two communities' interest."
Sen. David Haley, D-Kansas City, commended Landwehr on their "principled stand" on protecting communities of interest and asked if they would take a similar stance on congressional redistricting maps in the House, including those that include racially diverse Wyandotte County with mostly white western Kansas.
"I hope I can cut and paste some of your testimony as we argue that sometimes contentious process for congressional maps," said Haley, who is black.
About an hour later Landwehr voted against O'Neal's map in the House committee.
Pretoria - Rhino horn stockpiles in South Africa currently total more than 18 tons, environmental affairs confirmed on Wednesday.
These included 16 347kg in government stockpiles and 2 091kg in private hands, the department's deputy director general for biodiversity, Fundisile Mketeni, told reporters in Pretoria.
"This is where we stand as we speak," they said, adding that an audit of private stockpiles was still ongoing.
Earlier, Environmental Affairs Minister Edna Molewa said South Africa was hoping to obtain international approval for a "once-off sale" of the stockpiled horns.
"South Africa cannot continue to be held hostage by the syndicates slaughtering our rhino," they said.
Them department believed a well-regulated international trade in rhino horn, together with other measures, could destroy the booming black market trade and help curb poaching.
Close to 450 rhinos had been poached in South Africa since the beginning of the year, well over half of them in the Kruger National Park (KNP).
Molewa warned that if poaching continued to increase at the rate it was, then 2026 would be "the year we possibly see the beginning of extinction of rhino".
Last week, Cabinet approved the development and submission of a proposal to Cites (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora) to introduce regulated international trade in rhino horn.
Money to conservation
The treaty, to which South Africa is a signatory, bans such trade. The country is home to 73% of the world's rhino. The next Cites meeting is set to take place in South Africa in 2016.
Molewa said the ongoing illegal killing of rhino had "highlighted the need to take action in terms of addressing demand for rhino horn".
South Africa had raised the matter of legal trade in rhino horn at the last Cites meeting in Thailand. It was hoped its proposal would be accepted at the next one.
Responding to a question, Mketeni said the notion of a once-off sale of the stockpiles "currently is the thinking". However, moving forward "there might be other models".
On what would happen to the money generated from such sales, they said: "Our view is the money should go to conservation."
The black market price of rhino horn is an estimated $65 000/kg (about R655 000/kg). At this rate, South Africa's 18 ton-plus stockpile was worth about R10bn.
In May this year, the chair of Parliament's environmental affairs portfolio committee, Johnny de Lange, encapsulated government's thinking on legal trade in rhino horn when they told MPs the 35-year Cites ban on such trade had not stopped poachers.
"The data suggests that banning of legal, open trade in rhino horn has not resulted in reduced demand for the horn, and has not helped save the rhino from imminent extinction. Escalation in the slaughter of rhino is proof of this," they said in the National Assembly.
Asian consumers simply did not believe that rhino horn had no medicinal value, no matter how many times it was said.
"Using increasingly sophisticated means, poaching syndicates have capitalised on the Cites ban to supply what appears to be a resurgent market demand," De Lange said.
Legalising rhino horn trade for South Africa was "likely to shift the market out of the hands of organised crime into legal channels, which must be good for rhino and other wildlife currently moving through these illicit channels".
A legal, large and steady supply of horns was also likely to lower and stabilise prices, which would play against the black market, they said.
On other measures to counter rhino poaching in the KNP, Molewa said on Wednesday that Mozambique was busy relocating communities from seven villages close to the international border.
Responding to a question, they said this had prompted a re-think on re-erecting the fence - taken down over a decade ago when the Great Limpopo Transfrontier Park was proclaimed - along its original line.
There was now discussion on putting it up within Mozambique, closer to these villages, they said.
Hi. We recently created AFH TV, Ambrosia For Heads' streaming video service, because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home, but we need your help to make it great. Please subscribe to AFH TV. It is only $1.99/month or $12/year, and already features some amazing content, but the best is yet to come. Thank you for all of your support.
Hi. We recently created AFH TV, Ambrosia For Heads' streaming video service, because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home, but we need your help to make it great. Please subscribe to AFH TV. It is only $1.99/month or $12/year, and already features some amazing content, but the best is yet to come. Thank you for all of your support.
Last night, at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY, N.W.A. joined Run-D.M.C., Beastie Boys and Public Enemy as the only Hip-Hop acts to be inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. After being nominated but passed over in 2014, many saw the Hall of Fame's actions this year as righting a wrong that was only amplified with the success of the N.W.A. biopic, Straight Outta Compton. As is customary, N.W.A. chose an artist to induct them and the honor fell to none other than fellow Compton native, Kendrick Lamar.
During Lamar's 8-minute speech, they spoke about each of DJ Yella, MC Ren, Ice Cube, Dr. Dre and Eazy-E, individually, and of the collective, they said “the fact that a famous group could look just like one of us, dress just like one of us and talk like one of us proved to every single kid in the ghetto that you could be successful and still have your voice while doing it.” Then, while alluding to a line by Ice Cube in N.W.A.'s “Gangsta, Gansta,” where they shunned being a role model, Kendrick said, “I know each and every one of them said they never wanted to be role models but, the first time I have seen Eazy-E bust through that screen out of the jail cell on stage [during] “We Want Eazy,” I felt like each and every one of them was Black superheroes.”
After Kendrick's introduction, the group took the stage, with Dr. Dre speaking first. Thanking Kendrick, Dre said “Kendrick Lamar is one of the best that ever did it and there's not a doubt in my mind that he'll be on this stage one day in the future, being inducted.” Dre also echoed Kendrick's sentiments about the symbolism of the moment saying “this is proof to all the kids out there growing up in places similar to Compton that anything is possible.” They continued along those lines, sincerely stating “me and the guys standing right here, we're absolutely no different or better than any of you. You just have to find that thing that's special about you that distinguishes you from all the others, and apply true talent, hard work and passion, and anything can happen.” Dre also spoke about the fallen member of the group, Eazy-E, saying “I'd like to thank Eric Wright. There's no way that we would be on this stage right now, as N.W.A., being inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame without him.” Dre also thanked numerous others, including all the artists he's worked with, their wife, their legal team, Jimmy Iovine and more.
Next up was DJ Yella who also spoke extensively of Eazy-E, saying “it was very emotional when they passed years ago. They were a great friend, good business partner.” After a few more “thank yous,” Yella turned to Eazy's mother, who joined the group on stage, thanked them and embraced them for an extended period of time, saying “this is my new mom now.”
The Ruthless Villain, MC Ren, was next to speak. Keeping it short and sweet, they echoed the thanks to Eazy-E and expressed gratitude to their family, N.W.A.'s fans and all of the Hip-Hop groups who came before him. Before ceding the microphone, they also sent a message directly to Kiss frontman Gene Simmons, who recently stirred up controversy by saying they are “looking forward to the death of Rap.” “I want to say to Mr. Gene Simmons ‘Hip-Hop is here forever. Get used to it,” Ren said while chunking their deuces in the air. Dre followed up with an emphatic “We supposed to be here!!”
Last but not least was Ice Cube. As the lead writer of the group, it's no surprise Cube had the most to say. “We've come a long way from being so hated, even in the industry, to making it to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. It shows that, if you believe in yourself, believe it what you're doing, nobody can stop you. You can only stop yourself. That's what got us here and I'm very humble tonight,” Cube opened. After thanking several people in their family, producer Sir Jinx, and several members of their team and former record company, Cube thanked each of the members of N.W.A., individually, starting with Dre. “Thank you for believing in a 15-year old B-boy, letting me ditch school and hang out with you making music,” they said, before a quick and humorous aside of “stay in school kids, goddamnit.” Of MC Ren, they said “he's our temperament in N.W.A. He's our conscience.” Cube called DJ Yella the group's “fun,” saying “even when the whole world seemed like it was against us, DJ Yella was just like ‘Fuck that! Where tha party at??” Ice Cube was also the only member to mention D.O.C., asserting “he's a member too, 'cause they helped write a lot of lyrics. I know Ice Cube gets a lot of the credit, but it was a team effort with me, Ren, D.O.C., Dr. Dre, Eazy-E. So, I want to acknowledge D.O.C. for being down for so long.” Saving their words about Eazy-E for last, Cube said “this is their vision. They wanted us to be honest. They wanted us to be truthful. Say what we feel. They didn't care if we got any record play. They didn't even care if we got signed to a major label. All they cared about was for our story to be recognized and heard.”
After their words of gratitude, Ice Cube turned to another issue. “Now, the question is ‘are we Rock & Roll?” And, I say, ‘you goddamn right we Rock & Roll!' Rock & Roll is not an instrument. Rock & Roll is not even a style of music. Rock & Roll is a spirit. It's been going since the Blues, Jazz, Bebop, Soul, R&B, Rock & Roll, Heavy Metal, Punk Rock and, yes, Hip-Hop! That's what connects us all, that spirit. Rock & Roll is not conforming to the people who came before you, but creating your own path, in music and in life. That is Rock & Roll and that is us.”
Related: Kendrick Lamar Interviews N.W.A. & Asks All The Right Questions (Video)
Here's something strange. When you type in @+[251859230739:0] on Facebook, the characters transform and become "I'm gay" once you post it. What in the world? What's going on?
MSNBC noted this little exploit and discovered the reason behind it. Here's how it would work on Facebook. First, instructions like this would pop up on your friend's wall:
‎1. Copy this: @+[251859230739:0]
2. Paste it as a comment below.
3. Delete the "+" sign.
4. Press "Enter."
Advertisement
And then people would blindly follow it and suddenly see "I'm Gay" attached to their posted comment. Har har. Is this some sort of sick joke? Pretty much.
The reason this is happening is because the number string within the brackets is actually the id for a Facebook page. So in the case of "I'm Gay", the 251859230739 is in reference to the actual I'm Gay Facebook page. It reads the numbers as the title of the page and flips your string into words. It's like the backend of when you tag someone. And with this trick, you can basically make anybody say anything as long as there's a Facebook page for it (and if they're sucker enough to fall for it). Just replace '251859230739' with whatever number string that identifies the title you'd want to use and you control their Facebook. [MSNBC]
Official! World's funniest joke
What makes us laugh depends on where we live...and if there are ducks RELATED Check out the yuks rated by LaughLab as Top jokes in several countries
LONDON, England -- The world's funniest joke has been revealed after a year-long search by scientists.
In an experiment conducted in Britain, people around the world were invited to judge jokes on an Internet site as well as contribute their own.
The LaughLab research, carried out by psychologist Dr. Richard Wiseman, from the University of Hertfordshire, attracted more than 40,000 jokes and almost two million ratings.
And here it is...
Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. They don't seem to be breathing and their eyes are glazed. The other guy takes out their phone and calls the emergency services.
They gasp: "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator says: "Calm down, I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead." There is a silence, then a gunshot is heard. Back on the phone, the guy says: "OK, now what?"
Wiseman said the joke worked across many different countries and appealed to men and women and young and old alike.
"Many of the jokes submitted received higher ratings from certain groups of people, but this one had real universal appeal," they said.
As well as identifying the joke which appealed most to people around the world, the experiment revealed wide humour differences between nations.
People logging onto the LaughLab Web site were invited to rate jokes using a "Giggleometer" which had a five-point scale ranging from "not very funny" to "very funny".
One intriguing result was that Germans -- not renowned for their sense of humour -- found just about everything funny and did not express a strong preference for any type of joke. (Full story)
People from the Republic of Ireland, the UK, Australia and New Zealand most enjoyed jokes involving word plays.
Many European countries, such as France, Denmark and Belgium, displayed a penchant for off-beat surreal humour, while Americans and Canadians preferred jokes where there was a strong sense of superiority -- either because a character looks stupid or is made to look stupid by someone else.
Europeans also enjoyed jokes that involved making light of topics that make people feel anxious, such as death, illness and marriage.
Wiseman said: "These results are really interesting. It suggests that people from different parts of the world have fundamentally different senses of humour.
"Humour is vital to communication and the more we understand about how people's culture and background affect their sense of humour, the more we will be able to communicate effectively.
"Also, we find jokes funny for lots of different reasons. They sometimes make us feel superior to others, reduce the emotional impact of anxiety-provoking situations or surprise us because of some kind of incongruity.
"The hunters joke contained all three elements."
Bizarrely, computer analysis of the data also showed that jokes containing 103 words were thought to be especially funny. The winning "hunters" joke was 102 words long. (An abbreviated version was told in this story.)
Many jokes submitted contained references to animals. Jokes mentioning ducks were considered particularly funny.
Madden NFL 18 releases worldwide on August 25th, 2017, and, outside of the early teaser trailer, there hasn't been any official gameplay released.
The internet is abuzz with Madden fans, and haters alike lamenting the fact that no official Madden gameplay has been released to the public. Yes, we saw a few videos that were leaked from E3, but those were off-screen and certainly should only be taken at face value. We know it's an older build and you can't really tell much from people playing the game who pretty obviously didn't know exactly what they were doing.
We have been told by Madden NFL 18 Creative Director, Rex Dickson that official gameplay videos will be released sometime between mid to late July. They also stated that the marketing team wanted to lead with Longshot mode. It's probably a sound decision since that is your main back of the box feature this year. But this still doesn't explain the large gap from the Longshot reveal to the apparent timing of gameplay being released. While those anxiously awaiting to judge gameplay improvement with their own eyes are left to wonder why the sudden shift in marketing?
This is not unheard of. The NBA 2K series along with the WWE 2K series have been notorious for holding back gameplay for a while now. Last year 2K didn't really show much in the way of gameplay until around a month before launch. It seems this is the new direction the publishers of our favorite sports games are taking.
Just this past Spring, MLB The Show 17 didn't show raw gameplay until about a month before release. So it looks like the marketing team at EA is taking this new approach with Madden. While this frustrates many gamers, This could be a good strategy if done right. Showing raw gameplay is always a risk. Every single video will be scrutinized and dissected by every sports gamer on YouTube. EA runs the risk of their product being shown in a bad light, no matter how much they assure us the game will play better at launch.
Most of us should know by now that Madden is Madden. Yet every year a group of people seem to be surprised the game doesn't look completely different. Which once again could portray EA and Madden in a bad light. Starting the hype train too early can lead to the engine running out of gas for many reasons. By showing gameplay in mid to late July EA then ramps up the excitement and only has to keep it going for about a month instead of trying to reignite it ahead of release. This also probably saves EA money.
When you look at things objectively, which is sometimes hard to do for Madden fans, including myself, it makes sense for EA to fall inline with the other sports game publishers and keep the meat and potatoes of the game as close to the vest for as long as they can. Building hype for a month is much easier than building hype for two or three months. by the time the hype train starts to run out of gas it's already pulling into the station. Once we have taken in all the gameplay and blogs EA plans to release it will be time to buy the game. And the new marketing strategy will most likely have paid off.
So to answer the question, no. The lack of gameplay is not a red flag. It's simply a new marketing strategy that EA and many other publishers have come to follow. Whether this will reflect in sales or not will be an interesting topic to discuss around this time next year.
Madden NFL 18 will be available on August 25th for PS4 And Xbox One, and will come in two editions; Standard Edition for $59.99 and the G.O.A.T. Edition, for $79.99.
Want to talk sports and/or games with the fastest growing community in gaming? Join the conversation in the comment section below as well as on our Twitter and Facebook pages.
At a time when Falkirk Council leader, Craig Martin, was claiming the local authority was facing a £20million shortfall in funding the Labour / Tory coalition administration has agreed to subsidise a forthcoming major Orange Walk through the town on 25 June.
At the meeting of the council's Executive Committee a report was presented outlining changes in the manner road traffic matters would be taken forward between the council and Police Scotland for parades and possessions.
Councillors agreed to meet the cost of the issuing of required Temporary Traffic Regulation Orders, (TTRO) for all organisations including local children's Gala Days and heritage bodies.
However, the next report on the agenda related to a request by the Orange Order for the council to meet half the cost of the remaining transport issues with a grant to application to the Community Grants Fund to the tune of £1,145.
Labour members proposed and seconded a motion to make the award before hearing evidence that local groups such as the Bo'ness Fair Committee were not only being charged for all traffic impact matters but had been facing charges in previous year including bills of TTRO's each year.
During a series of questions to officers put by the two SNP members of the committee, David Alexander and Tom Coleman, the committee heard that the budget for Community Grants this year was £94,000, a cut of around 15% from the previous year's £110,000, all of which was allocated to local groups during the 2015/16 financial year.
Officers also admitted that the award would be to the detriment of local groups such as Children's Gala Days and likely to result in a flood of applications from local groups seeking parity placing a strain on the entire grants system.
The SNP members argued that the knock on effect to local groups must be taken into account given the significant cuts imposed on the budget by the Administration and that the application also failed to meet the criteria as it related to a national event held locally while the fund was there to assist local groups.
Councillor Alexander said,
“This isn't about the right to parade its about the proper use of a dwindling source of funding established to assist local groups put on events such as the Mariner's Day in Camelon and the Bo'ness Fair, events which are inclusive.
“We have no difficulty with this group receiving the benefit of saving of the £725 on the cost of the TTRO they would have had to pay if the previous report had not been approved as all groups will benefit from this but the award of a further grant is a step to far.”
The council policy on such awards also recommends rejection of applications from groups with a religious or political message and many would argue that the Orange Order was both, see the extract from the report below.
3.3. Policy
A copy of the council's Community Grant Scheme is attached as an appendix. The scheme generally requires that applications are made well in advance but given recent developments as described in the earlier report this is not possible in this case. There is also provision within the scheme that funds are not available for “activities promoting religious or political beliefs”. However, the organisers say that an award would help defray the costs of the event which forms part of the historical and cultural fabric of Scotland and which, they argue, will contribute to the local economy.
Seconding the SNP amendment Cllr Coleman questioned the accuracy of the statement that this would be good for local businesses. Cllr Coleman said,
“Lets face it, local people will avoid Falkirk town centre on 25 June which will lead to a net loss of trade for the majority of traders.”
The SNP amendment to reject the application on the grounds that,
1. The application did not meet criteria.
2. Approval would be to the clear detriment of local community groups and,
3. the impact on the budget would be considerable
was rejected by 8 votes to 2 with one abstention.
.
Voice actor Greg Burson, who once was the main replacement voice on Bugs Bunny and other characters voiced by Mel Blanc, died July 22 at age 59, according to THE BIG CARTOON FORUM.
Their death was due to complications from diabetes and arteriosclerosis. However, "obviously, drinking had a lot to do with it," according to Mark Evanier, who directed Burson in three TV series.
Burson voiced Bugs Bunny, Foghorn Leghorn, Pepe LePew, also voicing Mr. Magoo after Jim Backus died. And after Hanna-Barbera's Daws Butler died in 1988, Burson provided the voices of Yogi Bear, Huckleberry Hound, Snagglepuss and Quick Draw McGraw.
But their career came to an end after a May 2004 arrest after barricading themselves for six hours in their Tujunga, California home. SWAT teams brought the standoff to an end with Burson surrendering. Two female roommates had called police claiming they were holding a third female roommate against their will, but were all unharmed. Police discovered a collection of guns in the home.
Reportedly depressed over losing voice work, police at the time said, "He was so drunk, we couldn't tell if they were trying to do one of their voices or was just slurring their words."
Besides giving characters new life, Burson did announce jobs for commercials, movie trailers and series promos.
"If I ever had the idea that drinking was something a person could just stop doing by choice, it was well-rebutted by watching them battle it," said Evanier. "It was a vicious, self-perpetuating cycle: They lost work because they drank... and that depressed him, so they drank more."
Burson, an Anaheim, California native, voiced Elmer Fudd, Porky Pig, Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Pepe Le Pew and Cupid in TINY TOON ADVENTURES, Bugs Bunny in THE BUGS N DAFFY SHOW, George Wilson in THE ALL-NEW DENNIS THE MENACE and Boo-Boo in YOGI & CO.
Other TV work included Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd in ANIMANIACS; Barry the Baboon in CATDOG; Attila in MOTHER GOOSE AND GRIMM; Huckleberry Hound, QuickDraw McGraw, Snagglepuss and Yogi Bear in WAKE, RATTLE & ROLL; and Yogi Bear in YO! YOGI.
Burson voiced Nemo's father and Flap in the 1990 film LITTLE NEMO: ADVENTURES IN SLUMBERLAND and the moving man in TOM AND JERRY: THE MOVIE (1993). In JURASSIC PARK (1993), they provided the voice of Mr. DNA.
"Yogi came pretty quickly to me," Burson once said of their characterizations. "But Bugs is much harder. To get Bugs right took me a year."
The House failed to pass an extension unemployment insurance benefits for another three months Thursday afternoon. The vote was 258 to 154, short of the two-thirds needed for passage.
Republicans have sought to block the extension of benefits before, arguing that the spending should be offset by savings elsewhere.
Representative Steny Hoyer of Maryland, the Democratic majority leader, said their party will continue to push for the extension when lawmakers return on November 29. Without an extension, benefits will expire on November 30.
“Today, Republicans blocked an extension of unemployment insurance for thousands of families who have lost jobs through no fault of their own,' Mr. Hoyer said. “As a result, they can expect their insurance to begin to run out just after Thanksgiving weekend. Republicans' opposition to this bill was bad for families across their own districts, and worse for our economy as a whole.”
A spokesperson for the incoming House speaker, Representative John Boehner of Ohio, accused Democrats of manipulating an important issue.
“Just two weeks after the election, the Democratic Leadership is playing politics with people's unemployment benefits,” Michael Steel, Mr. Boehner's spokesperson, told Fox News.
A Boiling Springs Lakes, North Carolina family is looking for answers after local police shot and killed their mentally ill teenage son while responding to a call for help.
The family contends that Keith Vidal, 18, was “killed in cold blood” after police were requested to help calm the teenager down during a schizophrenic episode.
Now, the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation has decided to look into the matter, as Brunswick County District Attorney Jon David vowed to meet with the family and “go wherever the truth leads in this case."
"The public deserves to have a process put in place that will lead to the most just resolution," they said, according to NBC News.
The incident occurred on Sunday, January 5, when Vidal suffered from a mental breakdown in which they threatened to fight their mother. They were holding a small screwdriver in their hand when the first of three police units arrived at the scene. A confrontation was noted in the county event report obtained by local WECT, but the responding unit radioed in multiple times that the situation was under control.
Little more than a minute after a third police unit arrived, it reported that a gun was fired in self-defense.
According to the teenager's father Mark Wilsey, however, Vidal posed no danger to anyone. They said the screwdriver in their son's hand was small and not a threat, while the family noted that the young man had just turned 18 and weighed 90 pounds. Wilsey said that Vidal had been subdued until the third officer walked in and the boy became agitated.
"Then all of a sudden, this Southport cop came, walked in the house [and said]: 'I don't have time for this. Tase him. Let's get them out of here,'" Wilsey told NBC. After the stun gun was used on Vidal, Wilsey said the third officer shot him, saying they were protecting their officers.
"He reached right up, shot this kid point-blank, with all intent to kill," Wilsey added. "He just murdered them flat out."
Southport Police Chief Jerry Dove said in a press conference that Detective Byron Vassey, a nine-year veteran of the force, had been placed on administrative leave following the incident. Dove would not say whether Vassey was the officer who fired the gun.
As WECT noted, Vidal's mother, Mary Wilsey, said they tried to get their son help on multiple occasions. The family added that their daughter was just recently killed in a car accident, making Vidal the second child they'll have to bury.
Neighbors, meanwhile, said that while Vidal suffered from depression, they played with their children and never hurt anyone.
Since the start of this deep recession back in December of 2007 some 7.2 million jobs have been lost in the official BLS reports. The official non-farm employment has dropped from 138 million to 130 million. Think of it this way, for 21 months we have lost on average over 11,000 jobs per day. As we reach the two year anniversary of this recession not much has changed for the average American. The banking system is still in shambles and the employment picture is still bleak. Yet a surprising revision was made in the recent BLS report. That is, in February of 2010 when revisions are made some additional 824,000 jobs were lost! That is correct, some 824,000 jobs have been lost and these do not show up in the current BLS data.
Take a look at the revision:
Interestingly enough the only industry that has seen a revision to the upside is in government employment. The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve have been pumping trillions into the economy but only into specific sectors. This revision if incorporated today would put the official number of jobs lost during this recession at 8 million, or 10 percent higher than what is being fed in the headline numbers. But the headline number as we all know understates the real problems in our economy. The U-6 data is now at 17 percent and this looks at unemployment and underemployment.
U-6 is an important measure because we are seeing a big leap in part-time employment in this recession. Through furloughs or hours cut, people are losing their purchasing power and given our economy is 70 percent based on consumption this is a vital indicator on whether we move out of recession anytime soon. The average amount of hours worked is still dropping at a steady pace:
This trend is unmistakable. People are working less and seeing stagnant growth in their wages. Why then would we expect people in this economic climate to be spending more money? The housing bubble occurred in this backdrop and instead of adjusting to the new drop in wages and working conditions people were provided easy credit to create a false economy for a decade.
As you would expect with so many people not working the government is now collecting less money but also, spending more:
The above chart is probably one of the most important charts that we have. Going back to the late 1940s, never have we seen government spending ramp up this quickly while tax receipts have pulled back. We would have to go back to the Great Depression for data like this. Why is it hard to find data like this for the Great Depression? Not many statistical agencies existed back then. In fact, most of the macro data tracking we now have is because of the Great Depression.
Yet even though some of the government spending during the Great Depression put people back to work today's government spending is basically a free giveaway to the crony banking system. In fact, the largest amount of money has gone directly into the banks. This isn't like we put aside $1 trillion for direct job creation. Instead, we have set aside $12 trillion for banks under the pretext of consumer lending and liquidity yet anything but that has occurred:
For the first time since the 1960s has consumer credit contracted on a year over year basis. The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve sold the American people that banks needed money to lend out in the so-called liquidity crisis. What really happened is banks got money to protect themselves from additional losses that they know they will face. We can see this in excess reserves:
Banks are holding tight to this money because we have many issues coming down the pipeline including the $3 trillion in commercial real estate that will cause further problems. In fact, I have felt this first hand. Instead of getting 15 to 20 credit card offers a week I now get about 2 or 3 a week. Also, I have had my credit line cut back on a couple of credit cards even though I have perfect credit and have never missed a payment. I'm sure many of you are in a similar situation. I have had friends have home equity lines disappear because their home is no longer worth what they once thought it was. The banks stated that they are cutting back because of “a willingness to work with me” and the fact that I have never maxed out my credit cards like a B-list celebrity on Rodeo Drive.
What banks are doing is understandable. They should have been doing this in 2000 and not now when they have taken trillions from taxpayers. I think there will be a tipping point in the near future when the public wakes up from this massive scheme and robbery. Banks realize this and that is why Bank of America and JP Morgan Chase have come out on the overdraft robbery. They are now trying to cut these down but somehow I doubt they'll give back those billions they have made over the years. This is just a PR stunt.
Yet all of these ties back to the employment report. If we tie in the additional job losses since the start of the recession it would look like this:
Source: Calculated Risk
Putting all of this together shows a dismal unemployment picture:
And the job losses in this recession are more permanent than in other recession. If we look at how many people have been unemployed for 27 weeks or more, the number is off the charts:
This long term unemployment tells us that we can expect structural changes in our economy for years to come. Someone that has been unemployed for this long is at risk of losing employment in their industry. Just think of all the mortgage brokers, construction workers, and those closely tied to the real estate industry. The only way they will get their jobs back at the peak rate is if we have another housing bubble. That is highly unlikely.
The 824,000 revision is enormous. Historically this revision is off the charts:
“For national CES employment series, the annual benchmark revisions over the last 10 years have averaged plus or minus two-tenths of one percent of total nonfarm employment. The preliminary estimate of the benchmark revision indicates a downward adjustment to March 2009 total nonfarm employment of 824,000 (0.6 percent).”
In other words, the headline numbers don't tell the real story of the current economic situation.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
Relief ace Andrew Miller pitched two-thirds of an inning in the Tribe's 10-1 win in Friday night's series opener after being activated from the 10-day disabled list, following their bout with right knee soreness. In order to clear a spot on the roster for Miller's return, outfielder Abraham Almonte was placed on the 10-day DL with a left hamstring strain.
KANSAS CITY -- The Indians got a major part of their bullpen back just in time for this weekend's key divisional clash with the Royals.
KANSAS CITY -- The Indians got a major part of their bullpen back just in time for this weekend's key divisional clash with the Royals.
Relief ace Andrew Miller pitched two-thirds of an inning in the Tribe's 10-1 win in Friday night's series opener after being activated from the 10-day disabled list, following their bout with right knee soreness. In order to clear a spot on the roster for Miller's return, outfielder Abraham Almonte was placed on the 10-day DL with a left hamstring strain.
View Full Game Coverage
Miller was called on when starter Corey Kluber had to exit in the sixth due to a right ankle sprain. With runners on first and second, Miller struck out Mike Moustakas and walked Brandon Moss to load the bases before inducing a flyout by Alcides Escobar to end the Royals' threat.
Losing Miller could have been a major blow for the American League Central-leading Tribe, but the rest of the pitching staff -- led by a dominant two-week stretch for the rotation -- more than held up its end of the bargain.
"I don't think anybody really changed anything," bullpen coach Jason Bere said before the series opener. "I don't think anyone looked at it like, 'Oh, Miller's gone. We need to pick up the slack.' They were already throwing the ball well on a consistent basis for the most part.
"There always seems to be a moving piece at times throughout the course of a year, and these guys don't skip a beat. But, the impact Miller makes, it's definitely a difference-maker."
While Miller was sidelined, the Indians went 9-5 and increased their lead atop the Central to 5 1/2 games over Kansas City, heading into this weekend's series. Over the course of those 14 games sans Miller, Cleveland's rotation averaged a touch under seven innings per start with a 1.91 ERA in that span, easing the burden on the bullpen.
Miller will return to their role as a leverage weapon for the later innings for manager Terry Francona, with Cody Allen getting the bulk of the save opportunities. Miller, who struck out two in a 12-pitch Minor League rehab outing with Triple-A Columbus on Wednesday, has a 1.67 ERA with 78 strikeouts and 15 walks in 46 games (54 innings) for the Indians this season.
"We'll be prudent," Francona said of using Miller. "We're not going to run them into the ground here. But, it's nice to have them back."
With Almonte sidelined, Cleveland's outfield consists of Bradley Zimmer (center), Jay Bruce (right), Austin Jackson (all three spots) and Brandon Guyer (corners). Almonte joins outfielders Michael Brantley (right ankle) and Lonnie Chisenhall (right calf) on the DL.
"The 10-day DL kind of makes the decision a little bit better," Francona said of Almonte's setback. "We'll give Abe some time with the trainers."
Worth noting
• Third baseman Jose Ramirez (hit on the right forearm by a pitch on Thursday) took batting practice from both sides of the plate and tested their arm with some throwing on Friday. They were out of Cleveland's lineup, but was expected to be able to return on Saturday.
"All in all," Francona said, "we dodged a pretty big bullet. He's in a pretty good place."
• Right-hander Josh Tomlin (on the 10-day DL since July 31 with a left hamstring injury) was scheduled to throw off the mound on Friday. Barring any setbacks, Tomlin would then advance to a simulated game on Monday in Cleveland.
A Texas state lawmaker has proposed a law that critics say would force schools to out gay students against their will to their parents.
State Rep. Konni Burton filed Senate Bill 242 just days after Donald Trump was elected president, amid increasing reports of harassment and violence against minorities across the country.
Elliott Griffin, Burton's chief of staff, told the Houston Chronicle the bill was “written in response to the Fort Worth school district issuing new guidelines about transgender students.”
The guidelines required schools to recognize students based on their gender of choice while allowing them to use the bathroom of their choice. Griffin said those guidelines also limit parents' access to information about their children.
In an op-ed about the Forth Worth guidelines, Burton said: “Our schools are a place of learning; they are not replacements for the support and love of the family.”
Burton's proposed bill would entitle parents to all written records held by the school district regarding their child's “general physical, psychological or emotional well-being,” the Chronicle reports, with the exception of any information related to child abuse.
School employees concealing, or encouraging a child go withhold, information would be subject to discipline.
The proposal has roused opposition from LGBTQ advocates.
“Until kids are not kicked out of their house for being gay or transgender, and until kids are not being beaten by parents for being gay or transgender, we owe it to kids to protect them,” Steven M. Rudman, chairperson of Equality Texas, said in a statement. “We believe Sen. Burton's legislation would essentially destroy protected communications between a student and an educator.”
The New Civil Rights Movement writes about the case: “If passed, SB 242 would place LGBT youth in the conservative state at risk for abuse, neglect or suicide if their parents aren't accepting. It could even expose them to the dangerous, discredited practice of ‘reparative therapy,' which happens to be endorsed in the Texas GOP platform.”
Griffin denied the bill would force kids into reparative therapy, calling that an “unfortunate interpretation,” according to the Chronicle.
“I have no idea why they would draw that conclusion.”
Burton was elected as a tea party Republican and Sen. Ted Cruz ally to the Texas State Senate in 2014, representing an area just outside Fort Worth, replacing the famous firebrand liberal Wendy Davis, who stepped down in a failed bid for governor.
The bill will be considered in Texas' next legislative session, which begins Jan. 10.
You can follow The MMQB's 2016 Training Camp Tour on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and Snapchat (themmqb)
CINCINNATI — One hour into the first joint practice between the Bengals and Vikings, the clouds hovering over Paul Brown Stadium darken. Local newscasters conspire on the sideline, knowing the window for any dry and usable footage could be limited.
It's Minnesota's first-team offense facing Cincinnati's first-team defense, and one reporter wonders aloud if they should scoot down the sideline in case Teddy Bridgwater erupts for any big plays. “Uh, it's Teddy,” a camera man says hesitantly. “I don't know. We probably shouldn't go further than 10 yards from him.” It's as good an example as any of the criticism that has haunted Bridgewater since they entered the league in 2014: He's simply not good at the deep ball.
Try telling that to Bengals cornerback Adam Jones. A few plays into the series, Bridgewater steps back and scans the left sideline, where second-year wideout Stefon Diggs is matched up with Jones. Bridgewater tosses a fade. The ball sails over Jones's head and is gathered in seamlessly by Diggs for a gain of about 30 yards. Jones stutters their steps to slow down, then kicks the damp grass. Dirt flies.
“F---!” Jones shouts.
That shot might not have made the 5 o'clock news.
A refashioned line and upgraded wideout corps should help Bridgewater. John Minchillo/AP
In coaches meetings since OTAs, Minnesota staffers have gushed over Bridgewater's improvements in command and accuracy. Coach Mike Zimmer raved that Bridgewater's deep balls through camp have been “phenomenal.”
“He's been making those throws all summer,” offensive coordinator Norv Turner says. “In fact, they were making the same throws last year. It's just that because we didn't end the year very well offensively people don't remember that. I think they have a chance to be really really good.”
According to Pro Football Focus, Bridgewater led the league in seven-step drops last season. And yet, a leaky offensive line, their lack of accuracy on deep balls and their receivers' failure to get open consistently, the Vikings' dropback passing game was stunted. Center John Sullivan and right tackle Phil Loadholt missed most of 2015 with injuries. The front office addressed this directly, adding veteran linemen Alex Boone and Andre Smith in free agency and using the first-round pick on receiver Laquon Treadwell. At Wednesday's practice, Treadwell and Diggs shared favored-target status from Bridgewater.
@vikings defensive backs Jayron Kearse and Xavier Rhodes look on as their team practiced with the @bengals in Cincinnati today. #vikings #bengals #themmqbtour A photo posted by The MMQB (@themmqb) on Aug 10, 2016 at 6:35pm PDT
The Vikings shoulder legitimate expectations in 2016, with a stacked roster especially of young, defensive talent, and a new stadium that features Bridgewater's likeness plastered all over it, as they transition into the presumed face of the franchise. Boone, who spent the first seven years of their career with the 49ers, was effusive about their new quarterback. “This is going to sound corny,” they say, “but that guy is just a leader. The ultimate leader. Nothing gets to him.”
“I had never faced Teddy before, but you could tell he's pretty smart,” Bengals cornerback Dre Kirkpatrick said. “He made some really good throws, and some great reads. I was impressed. I actually almost had an interception, but my damn gloves were so wet they felt like water.”
MMQB TRAINING CAMP REPORTS: LIONS | SAINTS | BUCS | FALCONS | PANTHERS | REDSKINS | EAGLES | GIANTS | PACKERS | MORE
Kirkpatrick paused. “Adam Jones did get beat on one though,” they said, smiling. On the play they got beat, Jones said they had the wrong leverage. The Bengals did not watch film of Minnesota before the first day of practice—they'll likely do so as the week goes on—and Jones noted that the pace of the Vikings' offense is different and a lot the plays still are “dink-and-dunk.”
But, as they returned to their huddle, the veteran corner sought out Diggs. “Hey,” Jones said. “Nice route.”
FIVE THINGS I THINK ABOUT THE VIKINGS
1. The best Bridgewater asset in 2016 is going to be a much-improved offensive line. Injuries hurt the O-line last season, so depth was an issue, as the Vikings gave up more pressure per dropback than any group in the NFL (per Pro Football reference). First, Minnesota hired the grizzled Tony Sparano, a former head coach who built much of their résumé nurturing offensive lines. Equally important, the Vikings made additions through free agency. The offensive line now features nine players with at least 16 NFL starts.
2. NFL fans will continue to be enthralled by the story of wide receiver Moritz Boehringer, the German receiver and first player to be drafted directly into the NFL from a European football league. But don't expect them to see the field right away. I'm told Boehringer still has major strides to make in adjusting to the physicality of the NFL game, as well as with their route-running. That said, they are perfectly playing the protagonist in an against-all-odds underdog tale. Since Bohringer moved to Minnesota, the German has refused to buy a car (to save money), instead walking an hour to practice over the summer. This might end once winter strikes Minneapolis.
You could say Adrian Peterson is a little popular here... A photo posted by The MMQB (@themmqb) on Aug 10, 2016 at 2:09pm PDT
3. The Bengals show tremendous respect for Mike Zimmer, who from 2008 to '13 served as Cincinnati's defensive coordinator and is the architect of one of the NFL's most-feared units. All but one of Cincinnati's defensive starters had been groomed under Zimmer. The coach showed admiration right back, cementing the (so-far) congenial tone of these joint practices. On Wednesday night they were planning a barbecue at the home they still keep in northern Kentucky, inviting over the coaching staffs of both teams.
• TEAM-BY-TEAM PREVIEWS: Andy Benoit's analyses are rolling out daily as the season approaches
4. It will be especially impressive if players keep their cool this week, considering the weather. Yesterday, temperatures peaked at about 90 degrees, but a humidity level of 80 percent made the fields feel like a sauna. It doesn't help that the practice field is nestled like an asphalt cage around interstates blocking the Ohio River.
• FANTASY RANKINGS: QUARTERBACKS | RUNNING BACKS | WIDE RECEIVERS | TIGHT ENDS
5. First-round pick Laquon Treadwell went against Adam Jones for several plays during the 11 v 11 sessions, and although they didn't catch a pass, I expect Treadwell to be the beneficiary of Bridgewater's improved long ball game as they start opposite Stephon Diggs.
Question or comment? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com.
It is also offering Rs 100 cash-back as Amazon Pay balance, on a bill of Rs 700 for first-time users.
Amazon has rolled out a 10 per cent cashback-bonanza for users of its mobile wallet ‘Amazon Pay'.
Mumbai: In an effort to lure customers in India, Amazon has rolled out a 10 per cent cash-back-bonanza for users of its mobile wallet ‘Amazon Pay', valid also on returned items.
According to a report in the Economic Times, the offer is valid once per customer. However, sellers are concerned that this offer may lead to a deliberate increase in returned items, only to avail the cash-back offer.
The Amazon Pay offer also applies to platforms beyond Amazon's own.
The India Online Vendor's Association (AIOVA) claimed that in the way that Amazon is offering cash-backs to customers returning items, the retail giant should also offer “equal incentives” to the seller whose stock is being returned.
In the ET report, Sriram Jagannathan, Vice President Payments, Amazon India, said “Our aim is to improve the digital payment experiences for customers buying on our marketplace…We provide offers to customers to try this experience”.
Amazon Pay was launched in India in December 2016. It recently invested Rs 130 crore into the Amazon Pay India business. Amazon Pay has been offering a slew of offers to woo customers. It is also offering Rs 100 cash-back as Amazon Pay balance, on a bill of Rs 700 for first-time users.
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — A trans woman leaving a Tel Aviv night club was attacked by group of masked men using pepper spray and a stun gun. Police officers eventually arrested 11 men — most members of Israel's Border Police. The woman was not severely injured according to Ynet News. The men were placed under 5-day house arrest.
There is some question of whether the attack was a transphobic incident or a random prank, however, LGBT officials in the country insisted that trans people are a prime target for violence and the offenders should face hate crime charges.
——-
Prank or not, to the woman, this was mob violence against them — a particularly ugly kind of cowardice exhibited by these men. The least we should see here is termination of their law enforcement careers. They're not fit to serve their country.
——-
The earlier reports I saw were sketchy or the translation was poor. My thanks to Yisha Garbasz for bringing this English version to my attention.
http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4472951,00.html
———
Here's a transgender feature film that you'd be thrilled that you watched: “Lexie Cannes” http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332 Or via PayPal: http://www.lexiecannes.com/id13.html THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT is associated with Wipe Out Transphobia: http://www.wipeouttransphobia.com/ Read Lexie Cannes in The Huffington Post: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/courtney-odonnell/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Transgender, Transsexual, Trans, Transphobia, exploitation, dehumanizing, violence, hate
SCP-2801
Item #: SCP-2801
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: A copy of SCP-2801 is currently held at Site-19.
All Foundation personnel are to undergo screening for SCP-2801-1 infection on a monthly biweekly basis. Additional screenings may be mandated by the site security director. No more than two persons infected by SCP-2801-1 are to be held at any given facility, and all infected persons not held for research purposes are to be immediately terminated. No recordings of infected persons are to be made, and all other cognitohazardous material containing SCP-2801-1 are to be destroyed.
Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor file-sharing websites and hacker forums for copies of SCP-2801 or related materials. MTF Sigma-5 ("'; DROP TABLE taskforces —") is to take these copies down as soon as possible in compliance with standard data supression protocols.
MTF Theta-8 ("Blue Pills") is currently responsible for identifying and neutralizing persons or organizations in possession of SCP-2801. Utilization of Project Lethe and/or SCP-2000 is currently under consideration.
Description: SCP-2801 refers to a software for Linux-based operating systems capable of generating Class-II cognitohazards as audio or image files, using a variety of common formats. The effects of the hazards generated are determined by user-written code similar in syntax to the C programming language. SCP-2801 was freely distributed on 2018/3/17 on the hacker forum [REDACTED] under the title "Neurocrack", and has since been redistributed multiple times from various sources despite Foundation containment efforts.
SCP-2801 has demonstrated the ability to create self-propagating cognitohazards, referred to as SCP-2801-1, that are capable of nearly complete control over a host's behavior, including motor control, memory access, and psionic field manipulation. SCP-2801-1 variants are typically designed for financial gain, as experiments, or as offensive tools, although other uses are not uncommon. By default, SCP-2801-1 infection is permanent, and an effective treatment has not yet been found. As of 2018/11/12, over 100 unique SCP-2801-1 variants have been identified.
While the user-created nature of SCP-2801-1 variants means very few traits apply to every one, a few generalizations can be made regarding SCP-2801-1 behavior. Most SCP-2801-1 variants spread through the use of cognitohazards present in the speech of infected persons. In addition, variants often construct telepathic networks among infected persons, which can then be used for data exfiltration or to remotely control variant behavior, and variants with design flaws can unintentionally cause epileptic seizures. Infected persons are rarely aware of these symptoms.
See Document X3B-2801-RQ for descriptions of all known variants.
Addendum 2801: The following is a timeline of events related to SCP-2801 and SCP-2801-1.
Authorities in Fruitvale, Colorado arrested a 27-year-old man for allegedly putting them in fear for their lives by pointing a banana at them, KCNC-TV reported.
Nathan Channing faces two felony counts of menacing Mesa County sheriff's deputies after pointing the banana at Deputy Nathan Bunch as they drove by. Bunch then reportedly ducked in their car and called for backup.
After another deputy, Donald Love, arrived, they and Bunch approached Channing with their guns drawn before the suspect yelled, “It's a banana.”
“Based on training and experience, I have seen handguns in many shapes and colors and perceived this to be a handgun,” Bunch told the Grand Junction Daily Sentinel.
Channing reportedly told the deputies they were practicing for a video they planned to post online to “lighten the holiday spirit.”
Channing faces up to three years in jail and a $100,000 fine in connection with the charges.
“A lot of time it's how someone behaves and treats an object, depends on whether or not that object is actually dangerous or is a weapon,” sheriff's department spokesperson Ben Carnes said. “In this case, it turned out to be a banana, but it could have been a disguised firearm.”
Watch KCNC's report on Channing's arrest, as aired on Thursday, below.
[h/t Gawker]
Field Notes
Peek behind the curtain: we love sharing our process and thoughts on indie publishing through our blog.
Offscreen is taking a break →
Seven years ago, when I first thought about ‘a print magazine for pixel people', I could have never imagined that today I'd still be answering emails from readers or preparing orders for fulfilment. What starte...
Letter to the editor →
Hi Kai, I live in Richmond, Virginia, USA which is about 1.5 hrs drive south of Washington D.C. There's a wide range of stereotypes about American's but I'm probably in line with many of the ...
Issue 20 is here! →
It's been seven years since I started working on the first issue of Offscreen. And today I'm happy to announce the release of issue 20! To celebrate, issue 20 is printed with a special metallic Pantone colour ...
Published: 5:19 p.m., Oct. 11, 2017 | Updated: 11:32 p.m., Oct. 11, 2017
Hours after Commission on Elections (Comelec) Chair Andres Bautista announced on Wednesday their plan to resign on Dec. 31, the House of Representatives voted 137-75-2 to impeach him.
ADVERTISEMENT
Members of the House justice committee, who earlier dismissed the impeachment complaint against Bautista for having a defective verification form, were outvoted in the plenary.
Deputy Speaker Raneo Abu directed the committee to prepare the articles of impeachment to be transmitted to the Senate, which will act as an impeachment court and hold
a trial.
Bautista is accused, among other alleged offenses, of amassing ill-gotten wealth and receiving “referral fees” from election technology contractor Smartmatic.
The Senate said it had no choice but to proceed with the trial of Bautista, as their resignation was prospective.
“If the House transmits the impeachment case to the Senate, we have to act on it,” Majority Leader Vicente Sotto III said on Wednesday night.
Sotto said the impeachment trial may start in the last week of November or first week of December.
Sen. Francis Escudero pointed out that while Bautista announced their intention to resign, they had not quit their post, making impeachment an available procedure.
‘Unnecessary'
But for Sen. Francis Pangilinan, proceeding with the trial despite Bautista's resignation would be a waste of time since the penalty for conviction in an impeachment trial was removal from office.
Bautista said the House move to impeach them was unnecessary since they had announced their plan to resign by the year's end.
ADVERTISEMENT
But the Comelec chair said they would abide by the Constitution and relevant rules of the impeachment process.
“It is unfortunate that the decision of the House committee on justice, which was voted upon twice by a vote of 26-2, to dismiss the impeachment case against me was overturned this afternoon by the House of Representatives,” they said in a statement.
At a forum shortly after they announced their decision on social media, Bautista said they were stepping down on Dec. 31 for an orderly transition in the Comelec.
Letter to Mr. Duterte
“The approximate 10-week period is meant to provide you, Mr. President, sufficient time to choose my replacement as well as ensure a smooth and orderly transition within the commission,” Bautista said in a resignation letter dated Oct. 11 that they submitted to President Duterte.
The term of Bautista was supposed to expire on Feb. 2, 2022. They were appointed by President Benigno Aquino III to the Comelec on April 28, 2015.
Hours before they were impeached, Bautista said they arrived at the decision to step down by taking their family into consideration.
“This was not an easy decision, but my family, especially my children, need me now more than ever,” Bautista said.
Estranged from wife
Bautista's estranged wife, Patricia, earlier publicized their marital woes and alleged that they had amassed unexplained wealth of nearly P1 billion, the bulk of which they did not declare in their statement of assets, liabilities and net worth. They denied their wife's allegations.
Bautista said they also took into consideration the Comelec's credibility.
“There are two things I considered—the healing of wounds of my family and the credibility of the commission. Those are the basis why I feel that this is the right thing to do,” they said.
Bautista said they were ready to face allegations against them at a proper forum so they could clear their name.
In the House, many of the 75 lawmakers who voted against Bautista's impeachment belonged to the justice committee led by Rep. Reynaldo Umali.
They voted on Wednesday afternoon to adopt the committee report dismissing the complaint of former Negros Oriental Rep. Jacinto Paras and lawyer Ferdinand Topacio due to a defective verification form.
But they were outvoted by 137 lawmakers, or more than the one-third threshold (98 lawmakers) required by Section 11, Article 3 of the Rules of Procedure in Impeachment Proceedings to override the justice committee's recommendations.
Answer allegations
During the session, Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez said Bautista should answer the very serious allegations of amassing ill-gotten wealth and receiving referral fees from Smartmatic.
Deputy Speaker Gwendolyn Garcia also objected to Umali's motion to adopt the justice committee report, saying Bautista “must be given the opportunity to be heard.”
Before Bautista was impeached, Senate Minority Leader Franklin Drilon said the resignation was “the best thing that they (Bautista) can do so that they can take care of their problems.”
Sen. Panfilo Lacson said Bautista's resignation was “the decent thing to do.”
Chief Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo also hailed Bautista's decision, saying it was an honorable exit for the beleaguered official.
The Parish Pastoral Council for Responsible Voting described Bautista's decision to resign as “laudable and praiseworthy.”
Comelec Commissioner Arthur Lim said Bautista made a “gutsy decision,” while fellow Commissioner Rowena Guanzon said the poll chief's decision was good “so they will have peace of mind and focus on their children.” –With a report from Leila B. Salaverria
RELATED
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Survivors of the Sichuan earthquake face a new threat in the form of pollution from an aluminium plant that has been hailed by the government as a symbol of reconstruction.
Villagers near the factory in Wenchuan county – the area worst hit by the disaster – have told the Guardian their health and crops have been damaged by airborne "white flake" pollution that falls and then covers the soil.
Though more than a year has passed since the quake killed 68,000 people and destroyed millions of homes on 12 May 2008, many residents still live in tents.
The local government has put a priority on rebuilding the economy, partly through the more than five-fold expansion of the Aba Aluminium production line owned by Bosai Corporation – one of Sichuan's biggest exporters. This provides much-needed jobs in the disaster area, but they come at a heavy environmental price, according to nearby residents who complain their harvests have collapsed because of contamination.
"The expansion of the aluminium factory has really affected our lives. I used to grow vegetables and walnuts, but the pollution has ruined the plants and trees," a local woman told the Guardian by telephone. "The powder from the plant floats in the air, and leaves a coating of white sediment on the ground."
To boost the family income, they said their husband took a job in the factory but they had to leave after less than six months because a rash broke out over their body.
Many local residents work in the factory, which pays more than 1,000 yuan (£90) per month – a reasonable income in rural China. But there may be hazards. "We work in bad conditions. The workshops are thick with dust," said an employee. "The pollution became very bad after the expansion. I heard it is because the cleaning devices are not functioning properly."
The employee, whose name like that of the woman is withheld to avoid retribution from local officials, said their 100-tree orchard had failed to yield a harvest this year. Chinese conservationists say the bee population has also been badly affected.
The earthquake struck a day before the upgrade of the aluminium factory was supposed to begin. Local leaders have pushed ahead with the plan as part of the reconstruction effort.
President Hu Jintao and prime minister Wen Jiabao have visited the facility and encouraged the plant's managers to set an example of improved technology standards and efficiency. Falling aluminium prices and continued infrastructure problems have made this difficult.
Local officials and factory executives insist the factory operates according to national standards. "The factory has passed its environmental impact assessment. Once its environment protection equipment operates, emissions will definitely meet standards," said Yang Jian, the head of Wenchuan's environment protection bureau.
They said the bureau has not received any complaints about the factory: "The accusations are not true."
A factory director, who gave only their surname, Cao, said the company has an effective system for emission reduction that was working.
There are new advancements in technology every day. These advancements bring about new opportunities for people with disabilities. The latest trend, wearable technology, is doing just that.
Google Glass, a headset that connects to users' smartphones and displays information on a screen that hovers above one eye, is the first of what some say will be many in the field of wearable technology. Analysts believe headsets, watches and fitness trackers will soon be worn and could translate into big money for technology firms.
Tammie Lou Van Sant is one person who is reaping the benefits of this new technology. It has been 18 years since Tammy, a photographer, last held a camera. Tammy was paralyzed from the chest down after a car accident; however they are now able to shoot again utilizing Google Glass.
Just like with any new technology, there are skeptics and concerns, especially about privacy. Legislators in Europe and the US have asked Google to clarify their privacy policy in relation to Google Glass, requesting how they will protect the privacy of passersby who may not realize they are being filmed.
However, for people with disabilities, the rise of wearable technology means greater independence. Google Glass is currently in testing phase and has been distributed to hundreds of people for such purposes. For Tammy, this device is more than just a means to shoot photography again. It has also given them the ability to answer the phone, respond to text messages and take small trips by utilizing Google Maps.
Previously, wearable devices developed to assist people with disabilities were made by medical companies or developers who gave little thought to a wider consumer market. The new interest by mass consumers in wearable devices means more people will now have access to cheaper, more versatile devices that can run specialized apps developed specifically for the need of people with disabilities.
Georgia Tech researchers, in conjunction with Google, recently discovered a smartphone app that teaches parents to use sign language with their children who have hearing disabilities is used more often when integrated with Google Glass. Other researchers have used similar technology to help people with visual impairments crowd source everything from whether an outfit matches to whether their child's rash needs medical attention. Google Glass allows them to take a picture and post it to a forum for immediate feedback. That small moment of self-reliance can mean a great deal to someone with a disability.
What do you think about the opportunities presented by Google Glass? Will you use this type of technology?
Sony's “Let's Play” Trademark Denial Amended by USPTO
Lou Contaldi January 27, 2016 7:36:52 PM EST
The United States Patent and Trademark Office hasn't even let Sony respond to their previous denial for the “Let's Play” trademark. Diligent readers will remember that last year Sony tried, unsuccessfully, to trademark popular gaming term “Let's Play.” To little surprise, the USPTO denied the application. However, the reason behind the denial was due to a Georgian arcade doing business under the name LP LETZ PLAY. Under the likelihood of confusion test, the USPTO found the terms to be too similar.
Typically, Sony would at this point have six months to renew the application, answering the complaints from the previous denial. Interestingly, the USPTO jumped the gun and amended their original denial, adding evidence that the term “Let's Play” is actively used by the streaming community as “a video, or less commonly a series of screenshots, documenting a playthrough of a video game, almost always including commentary by the gamer.”
Seeing that Sony was filing this application in connection with “[e]lectronic transmission and streaming of video games via global and local computer networks; streaming of audio, visual, and audiovisual material via global and local computer networks,” the USPTO found that the mark was merely descriptive. In layperson's terms, it would be like trademarking “Potato Chips” to sell potato chips.
While this stands as a much more prominent denial of the mark, it is important to note that the application is not dead. Sony and their attorneys have six months to respond to the application.
The 1979 Cincinnati Bengals season was the team's 12th year in professional football and its tenth with the National Football League (NFL). Fullback Pete Johnson powered their way to 15 touchdowns, but the Bengals struggled to their second straight 4-12 record. After the season, former Cleveland coach Forrest Gregg was named to replace Homer Rice as Bengals head coach.
Offseason [ edit ]
NFL draft [ edit ]
[1]
Personnel [ edit ]
Staff [ edit ]
Roster [ edit ]
[2]
Regular season [ edit ]
Schedule [ edit ]
Standings [ edit ]
AFC Central W L T PCT DIV CONF PF PA STK Pittsburgh Steelers(2) 12 4 0 .750 4–2 9–3 416 262 W1 Houston Oilers(4) 11 5 0 .688 4–2 9–3 362 331 L1 Cleveland Browns 9 7 0 .563 2–4 6–6 359 352 L2 Cincinnati Bengals 4 12 0 .250 2–4 2–10 337 421 W1
Pacific Scoop:
Report – By Taberannang Korauaba
New Zealand needs to plan quickly for the future before population growth problems in neighbouring countries get out of hand, says a leading Pacific demographer.
The Pro-Vice Chancellor Research of AUT University, Professor Richard Bedford, said the problems stemming from population growth were becoming serious in Kiribati and the Solomon Islands.
“In Kiribati, of the 100,000 population, 50 percent live in urban Tarawa while in the Solomon Islands of its 500, 000 population, 20 percent live in urban areas,' Dr Bedford said.
They described what would happen, what their children would do, and how life would look like in these two island nations in 50 years.
The issue of population growth in these neighbouring islands is being slowly understood in New Zealand, Dr Bedford told a Pasifika writing fono organised by AUT University.
It is not just about doing research in New Zealand about the Pacific, it was about doing research in these countries to study their economy, population growth and migration.
Polynesia and Micronesia had relationships with New Zealand through migrant schemes such as Pacific Access Category and Recognised Seasonal Employment with Australia had recently launched its work scheme and other training programmes.
Selected families
Tuvalu had a population of 10,000 with 75 families being selected every year under the PAC scheme, Dr Bedford said.
In Kiribati's case, which has a population of about 100,000, it was also eligible for 75 families, they said.
Based on the populations of these countries, Dr Bedford said they would like to see a new quota of 750 families for Kiribati and 75 for Tuvalu.
They said several people in Kiribati had argued that they should have a right to migrate to New Zealand, Australia and Britain because these countries had extracted phosphates from their land and parts of their land were mixed with the soil of these countries.
It was critically important for New Zealand to plan now before it was too late, Dr Bedford said.
These countries had no means to meet their growing population due to their small size, limited resource and poor infrastructure.
Climate change and sea level rise, water problems and land disputes were becoming big issues for these countries, they said.
Technical training
Kiribati had trained its people in technical, carpentry and mechanical skills so they could contribute to a country they would migrate to.
But Dr Bedford said there was a New Zealand and Australian “oriented approach”.
They said they would like to see more interesting ideas to help reduce population problems in these countries.
They said other countries such as Niue and Cook Islands were experiencing depopulation problems.
“This is a blessing and curse for these two island countries,” they said.
The government of Niue and Cook Islands needed to look at other options apart from renovating and creating opportunities on the outer islands.
“It's very difficult for these people to come back to their islands unless there's something important there for them,” they said.
They warned that the experiences of Polynesians would not provide answers for the Melanesians and Micronesians' problems, they said.
With regard to Western Pacific countries such as Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu, Dr Bedford said New Zealand was reluctant to engage them in its migrant and employment schemes because they were perceived to be the “responsibility” of Australia.
Taberannang Korauaba is a Masters in Communication Studies student at AUT University and the publisher of the Kiribati Independent.
cityscape Public Works: Getting Paid to Bike to Work
Commuters in France will earn 25 cents per km for cycling to work. Here's why that should happen in Toronto, too.
Public Works looks at public space, urban design, and city-building innovations from around the world, and considers what Toronto might learn from them.
France is getting serious about bicycle commuting. Last week, the French government kicked off a six-month pilot project that involves paying people 25 Euro cents per kilometre to bike to work. Twenty French employers, with a collective 10,000 employees, have volunteered to participate. At the end of 2014, the government will evaluate how many people took up bike commuting, what type of transportation these converts gave up in favour of cycling, and what kinds of accommodations employers made for bike commuters. If all has gone well, the scheme may be renewed and expanded for 2015.
This is only France's most recent gambit to reduce car traffic and promote alternative methods of commuting. Paris, in particular, has been trying to brand itself as a bike city. The capital's Bixi-style bike-rental program arrived on the scene in 2007 and has grown into one of the largest in the world, with more than 20,000 bikes available for rent from 1,800 24-hour stations. Paris has also been creating hundreds of kilometres of bike lanes and mixed-use, bike-friendly routes around the city. It's even experimented with allowing cyclists to ignore red lights on roads with speed limits under 30 km/h. And, on March 17 this year, the French government banned cars and motorbikes with even-numbered licence plates from driving in Paris. After one day, government officials declared that the ban had achieved its goal of reducing air pollution, and traffic was allowed to return to normal.
The French seem as if they should love bicycles. After all, isn't a meandering bike ride the epitome of Gallic ennui? Aren't spinning wheels a metaphor for the individual's inescapable destiny, which is to commit the same acts over and over again in perpetuity? Isn't the bell a convenient way for mimes to express themselves? And yet, only 2.4 per cent of France's commuters use bikes to get to and from work.
Here in Toronto, a piddling 1.7 per cent of commuters rides their bikes, according to Cycle Toronto. That's just barely above Canada's national average of 1.3 per cent. As the country's major urban centre, we really should be doing better. And cycle commute compensation might be just the thing to help us do that.
France is nowhere near the first European country to come up with a cyclist incentive plan. Belgium and the Netherlands have instituted some variation on the idea and are now enjoying cycle commute rates of 8 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively. Last year, a handful of Toronto companies gained media attention by paying their employees to bike to the office. With new downtown bike lanes coming our way, commuters will soon find it easier and safer to cycle through the core. As Toronto's recent 25th annual Bike to Work Day showed, there are plenty of commuters out there who support the practice of getting to the office on two wheels.
Yeah, maybe it would be nice if the workers of the city united in support of cycling without having to be paid to do so. But, hey, a little financial push in the interests of preserving the environment, reducing traffic congestion, and keeping ourselves fit couldn't hurt.
FILE - This Aug. 1, 2010, file photo shows former New York Mets' players Dwight Gooden, right, and Darryl Strawberry posing at Citi Field in New York. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) FILE - This Aug. 1, 2010, file photo shows former New York Mets' players Dwight Gooden, right, and Darryl Strawberry posing at Citi Field in New York. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)
- Former MLB star Darryl Strawberry is defending their decision to publicly speak about former teammate Dwight 'Doc' Gooden's alleged cocaine addiction.
"We love Dwight. This has been a long journey and long history. When one is struggling, someone has to speak out. Celebrity lives-- no one wants to speak out. That's why Prince is dead. That's why Whitney Houston is dead. I needed to speak out," said Strawberry.
Today's front page...
AT DEATH'S DOOR STEP
Gaunt Gooden a ghost of themselves https://t.co/DgserRCzGY pic.twitter.com/Fkqxyry8wt — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) August 23, 2016
Dwight Gooden Jr., the son of the former New York Mets pitching sensation, issued a statement late Sunday saying he, their family and Strawberry were desperately trying to save Gooden from cocaine addiction. But Gooden, 51, fired back Monday night.
"I had never failed to be there for Darryl Strawberry. I don't do cocaine and have not for years," said Gooden.
Strawberry insisted during a phone interview from Tallahasee, Florida, with Good Day New York on Tuesday that Gooden was lying.
"I am a man of faith. They need help. That's the bottom line. People don't want to come to that conclusion and they want to rationalize it and say other things. That's on them. That's not going to be on me. I'm speaking the truth," insisted Strawberry.
A photo in the NY Daily News shows a frail and gaunt Gooden outside their apartment in Jersey City on Monday.
"He is younger than me.  They are 51 years old. Look at him. I see it every day. Look at the cheeks. They look half-way dead. The picture on the Daily News speaks for itself," said Strawberry.
According to published reports, Gooden, has refused treatment and routinely locks themselves inside their bedroom, avoiding events where they are expected to make an appearance.
"I am not here to make a big thing out of this. I am here to say 'I want to save your life.' The other teammates, they don't want to save your life. I have reached out to them privately. I know lots of treatment centers that would take him, but they want to manipulate everybody," said Strawberry.
“His problems have been well documented and publicized through the years. At this time our only concern is their health and that they take care of himself," wrote Gooden Jr. in a statement Sunday about their father. "There has not been a single day that our love for them or their love for us has ever wavered. One thing that has always been constant has been our Father's determination to provide for us regardless of what was going on in their life. They have always provided for us and has always been there for us."
"He is a cocaine addict just like I was. That was me, 13 years ago, I was that person. But somebody helped me. My wife helped. They need people. You are about to lose the battle of your life," said Strawberry.
The rest of the statement by Gooden issued Monday reads:
"I had always been supportive of Darryl, during their best and worst days. I recall the times they were in prison, and I was there for him. I recall the times they struggled with their own addiction, and I was there for them then, too.
"Last Thursday night, I was unable to attend an event at WFAN with Darryl. There were plenty of times when Darryl was unable to attend events as well. No one, most of all me, made any big deal out of Darryl's absence, nor should they have had.
"But Darryl has always made our differences personal, going back to our days with the Mets.
"I had hoped we could keep these differences between us. But Darryl could not manage to do that. I am sorry for their inability to show more character and strength. While I was there for him, they obviously are never there for me.''
"I wish them well. I pray for them and their family," said Strawberry.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRODHEAD, Wis. -- Fidget spinners are a popular craze marketing as stress relievers or a way to help people with ADHD or autism focus. However, they're now banned in one Wisconsin school district. School leaders say the gadgets are creating distractions and behavior issues.
According to WKOW, at Albrecht Elementary in Brodhead, Wisconsin, students and parents have been told to leave their spinners at home.
"They have lights, they have sounds, sharp edges," said Principal David Novy, Albrecht Elementary School.
While fidget spinners are billed as a way to help kids focus, Albrecht staff thought they were more of a distraction -- and classes are already incorporating new interactive fidget techniques like "MIMO," a choreographed calming curriculum.
"Parents are understanding and know we have resources here to help their kids out," said Novy.
AT A crossroads on the edge of Aylesbury, a town in Buckinghamshire, a new neighbourhood is taking root. Grass verges are marked with the signs of half a dozen housing developers. Hoardings advertise government-backed “help-to-buy” mortgages. New roads end in red brick houses, packed tight into squares. At sunset, children trickle out of a boxy school surrounded by building sites. The development feels rather disconnected from its surroundings—and it is. Though the capital is 40 miles away, across green fields, this is in effect London's newest suburb.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Last year some 840 new homes were started in Aylesbury Vale, adding 1% to the district's stock of houses. In England, that qualifies as a building boom: in the country as a whole the rate of construction is almost three times slower. Stoked by government intervention, low interest rates, a nascent economic recovery and a lack of supply, house prices are rising across most of England and soaring in London and the south-east. In the final quarter of 2013 prices were increasing at an annual rate of 7% across Britain and 15% in London. Yet house building is still in a slump (see chart). The new development in Aylesbury helps explain why.
Private house-building in Britain is regulated by the Town and Country Planning Act, introduced by a Labour government in 1947. At the time it was thought that benevolent government planning would provide well-built homes and protect the countryside from the unsightly “bungaloid” sprawl of the 1920s and 1930s, when private house-building in England neared 270,000 units per year (in 2012 the country managed just 89,000 new private homes). Under the planning system, owners' rights to develop land are strictly controlled. Local councils determine what purposes land can be used for, and planning permission to build houses is only granted according to a strict local plan. On the edges of big cities, green belts designated in the 1940s and 1950s make building even harder.
In the postwar years lots of new homes went up anyway. Urban councils enthusiastically cleared slums and built vast new housing estates, which they rented out to local residents from a waiting-list. But in the early 1980s Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government all but banned councils from building, while largely preserving the restrictions on private development. In the 1990s environmental regulations made things more complex. Then Tony Blair's Labour government insisted that post-industrial “brownfield” land be prioritised over green fields, which are usually cheaper to build on.
All of this has gradually reduced the amount of land released. And, says Paul Cheshire at the London School of Economics, it has pushed what building there is to the wrong places. Before the recession over half of new dwellings built were flats, often in northern cities. When mortgage finance dried up in 2008, these collapsed in value. The few suburban homes that go up are often far outside city boundaries, pushed out by green belts. Aylesbury is growing because it is just beyond London's green belt (see map). The new residents of such places are stuck with long, expensive commutes.
Near successful cities like Oxford, or in the London green belt, land with planning permission can cost hundreds of times more than farming land, more than doubling the cost of a new house. The shortage of land also accounts for Britain's uncompetitive building industry. Because land is so scarce, house-builders behave like speculators: they devote their resources to finding and buying sites that might get planning permission. Even a small rise in house prices feeds into a big rise in land values as bidding wars break out.
In such a tight market, deep-pocketed builders prevail. Since 2008 the number of small house builders—those that put up between 10 and 30 units per year—has fallen by 50%. The number of big builders has increased slightly. Weak competition means that builders have little incentive to invest in design, which may explain why new homes are often unlovely. And since these firms often operate as little local monopolies, they rarely cut prices: if prices are not suitably high, they tend to undershoot even the low targets set by councils.
To try to break the deadlock, the coalition government has pushed through planning reforms, which include a controversial “presumption in favour of sustainable development”. In practice this means councils deemed too NIMBYish by Westminster can be forced to approve more housing, or else risk uncontrolled speculative development. This modest reform has cost enormous political capital and tied the government up in lawsuits with unhappy councils. Yet it will merely neutralise another of the coalition's reforms, says Adam Challis of Jones Lang LaSalle, a property firm. Soon after coming to power, the government scrapped the regional housing targets introduced by Labour, which had boosted building.
The Labour Party, whose voters are less likely to be homeowners, or to live at the edge of big cities, has plenty of ideas to get building going. It would let councils borrow more money to build social homes on their own land, and possibly subsidise their construction. It would also encourage pro-growth local governments. Not all councils hate new houses—but those that like to build tend to be heavily urbanised already. In places such as York or Stevenage, tightly drawn boundaries prevent growth. Labour would let them expand into their neighbours' land.
The party's most ambitious plan it nominally shares with the government: to build a new town somewhere on the edge of London. Yet while the coalition has gone soft on this idea, Labour has developed it. Lord Adonis, a Labour peer and former transport secretary, suggests that Ebbsfleet, a small town in Kent near a high-speed railway line, would be an ideal place. The development corporations that built new towns such as Milton Keynes and Stevenage in the 1950s and 1960s eventually made a profit for the public, they argue, encouragingly.
Bulldozing fields is not yet an election-winning strategy, but opinion is beginning to shift. Polling by Ipsos MORI shows that a majority of people now regard rising house prices as a bad thing. Bank of England officials hint that the failure to build enough houses presents a structural risk to the British economy. Falling home-ownership is beginning to affect some target voters: 874,000 couples with children now rent privately, up from just 274,000 in the late 1990s.
Yet the 1947 planning regime has lasted this long for a reason. The gains from lowering the cost of land and building more are broadly spread, whereas opposition is locally focused. And a majority of Britons are still home-owners—especially elderly voters in marginal suburban seats. Change will be slow. In the meantime Aylesbury's boxy new houses will have to do.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 7, 2017, 3:39 PM GMT / Updated July 7, 2017, 3:39 PM GMT By Ariana Brockington
A Portland man said they were fired from Home Depot after trying to help a woman who said their child was being kidnapped.
Dillon Reagan, 32, said the hardware chain told them that they violated the company's safety policy when they left the store to track down a potential kidnapper.
Reagan told NBC affiliate KGW that after finishing a shift on May 12 they heard a coworker yell for help. They said the coworker saw a violent domestic dispute occur in the store's parking lot.
Reagan said they then stepped outside the store to assist and saw a woman in tears, according to KGW. “There's this lady who's frantic and crying, ‘Somebody help me please! He's stealing my kid, he's kidnapping my child!'” they remembered.
Reagan said that they and their coworker left and called the police. “At the time, the only thing I was thinking about was the child's safety,” they said.
According to him, the dispatcher on the phone advised them to follow the man until the police arrived. When officers responded three blocks away, Reagan said that they and the coworker gave statements before returning to the store. They told KGW they returned to the store in about 10 minutes.
Reagan, who worked at the store for four years, said they were later reprimanded by their supervisor. “He said, ‘You did the wrong thing. You should have just gone back to work.'”
After reviewing the case for a month, Reagan was fired on June 19 from Home Depot. They were cited for arguing with a coworker earlier in the month, so this was their second offense, they said.
Home Depot sent a statement to NBC News that said, “We took a second look at this and decided to reverse our decision, based on the circumstances. We always do our diligence to make sure associates are treated fairly, which we've done in this case.”
The company also said that its “HR leadership wasn't aware of the termination and once they reviewed the extenuating circumstances they reversed the decision.”
When KGW asked Reagan if they wanted to resume their position at the Portland store, they said no. They added that they want their next employer to not second guess their actions during an emergency.
“What's good and what's right supersedes what's policy and what's orders,” Reagan said. “Hands down.”
Portland police told NBC News that the case was a "verbal argument" between and a couple that resulted in the man walking away with their child and ultimately no crime was committed.
Concord, NH – Representative Joseph Stallcop (Cheshire 4), formerly a member of the Democratic Party, announced today on the State House steps they are changing their party affiliation to the Libertarian Party of New Hampshire.
“Personally witnessing the situation at Standing Rock showed me the danger of relinquishing power and authority into an institution,” stated Representative Stallcop, “while my time in Concord reinforced the ineptitude that can exist by those in charge. I originally joined the Democratic Party in hopes of making a difference through critical thinking and my classical liberal viewpoint, yet with the lack of unbiased data in caucuses as well as backlash on votes I've independently made, it seems there is no longer a place for me here. With a high regard for individuals personally working in their communities to implement positive change, I hereby transfer to the Libertarian Party.”
This is the second time this year that a sitting State Representative has dropped their party and joined the Libertarian Party of New Hampshire. Representative Caleb Q. Dyer (Hillsborough 37) switched to the LPNH from the Republican Party in February.
“This is a historic day,” said LPNH Chairperson Darryl W. Perry. “Today marks only the second time in the 45 year history of the Libertarian Party that a sitting state representative has left the Democratic Party for the Libertarian Party. Today marks the second time this year that a sitting state representative has joined the Libertarian Party of New Hampshire. Today also marks the first time in nearly 2 decades that the New Hampshire General Court will have a Libertarian Caucus!”
“I look forward to this Caucus growing, and hope that more of the classical liberals and civil libertarians in the General Court will defect from the two party system and join the Party of Principle, and I look forward to liberty in our lifetime!”
With Representative Caleb Dyer as the Floor Leader, the New Hampshire House Libertarian Caucus will work to minimize state government, lower taxes, eliminate barriers to conducting business, and will work hard to increase individual freedom and personal liberty while protecting the rights of individuals and businesses within New Hampshire.
Originally formed in 1992, the New Hampshire House Libertarian Caucus had four members: Calvin Warburton, Andy Borsa, Don Gorman, and Finlay Rothhaus. The officially recognized Libertarian Caucus named Gorman as the Libertarian Floor Leader.
State Representative Caleb Q. Dyer changed party affiliation to the Libertarian Party from the Republican Party on February 9, 2017 and looks forward to reelection in the town of Pelham as a Libertarian in 2018.
Video courtesy of FreeKeene
MEDIA CONTACT:
Darryl W. Perry, LPNH Chairman
205-863-0110
chair@lpnh.org
Brian Shields, NH Libertarian Caucus Communications Director
603-715-0984
briancshields@icloud.com
New Hampshire House Libertarian Caucus
Rep. Caleb Q. Dyer, Floor Leader
Email: HouseCaucus@LPNH.org
Twitter: @LPNH_Caucus
Facebook: LPNHCaucus
Ohio Gov. John Kasich's office rebuffed a call Sunday from the Cleveland police union to ban the open carry of firearms during the Republican National Convention, in the wake of the deadly shooting of police officers in Baton Rouge.
FOX 8 reported earlier that Steve Loomis, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen's Association, is asking Kasich to prohibit open carry this week in Cuyahoga County, which surrounds Cleveland.
A spokesperson, though, indicated the governor's hands are tied when it comes to unilaterally changing a state law like open carry.
"Law enforcement is a noble, essential calling and we all grieve that we've again seen attacks on officers. Ohio governors do not have the power to arbitrarily suspend federal and state constitutional rights or state laws as suggested,” Kasich spokesperson Emmalee Kalmbach said. “The bonds between our communities and police must be reset and rebuilt -- as we're doing in Ohio -- so our communities and officers can both be safe. Everyone has an important role to play in that renewal."
Convention CEO Jeff Larson, at a press briefing in Cleveland late Sunday, echoed the governor's office.
“The governor can't simply say, I'm going to relax [the law] for a day,” Larson said.
The shooting in Baton Rouge – in which at least three officers were killed – is the latest police tragedy to heighten concerns about security and clashes at the GOP convention, which starts Monday.
According to USA Today, Loomis said the open-carry law has made security far more difficult for the convention.
"Somebody's got to do something,” Loomis reportedly said Sunday. "What we have now is completely irresponsible."
City leaders have voiced confidence about their ability to secure the site.
Police Chief Calvin Williams said Sunday that they've had protests every day for eight days and all have been peaceful.
"We've not really had any problems to speak of,” they said.
As for the open-carry law, they said they have briefed officers who may not be familiar with the state's law. They said they want to "make sure officers are not taken aback when they see that activity” and know how to respond.
Williams said they also are briefing officers on the responsibilities someone must maintain when exercising their open-carry rights, saying people have to handle their guns in a "safe manner" and should not "menace people or threaten people" with their weapon.
As for the convention itself, they said, "It's game time and we're ready for it." Williams said they have "hundreds of agencies and thousands of officers" working to keep people safe.
Fox News' Hillary Vaughn and FoxNews.com's Judson Berger contributed to this report.
It's too easy simply to blame Donald Trump for the void that's suddenly apparent at the center of American government — or will be on Jan. 20.
In fact, I'm utterly sick of hearing their name, let alone accounts of their latest outrage or trivial impertinence, which is the equivalent of crack cocaine in the news cycle: all Trump, all the time. It's been that way for a year.
Trump is a symptom. But, come on, far less of a symptom — of a deep, raw social and cultural wrongness — than, for instance, the global war and terror, environmental exploitation, climate chaos, poverty, racism (old and new), infrastructure collapse, the commonness of mass murder, the limitless expansion of the security state, or the congealing of a one-party status quo that ignores all of the above.
We kind of live with this stuff and the vague pain it causes — because we know it's wrong and feel the wrongness deep inside us — and in the process of ignoring this pain we have devolved ever more deeply into techno-escapism. We allow ourselves to be lulled and distracted by the superficial media, which continually presents us with new enemies to blame. (The Russians! The Russians! They messed with our election!)
"It's time to leave the Age of Disconnect. Its achievements are coming back to haunt us."
More and more, American unity is a spectator unity, the essence of which was immortalized by George W. Bush in early 2003, as their administration was preparing to invade Iraq, when they told the nation to go shopping. Could there be a more glaring disconnect between government and populace — a more bald-faced dismissal of “the people” as irrelevant to the business of the nation? And we're still here, in this era of irrelevance. With the ascendance of Trump, we've managed to produce a leader who symbolizes, and even occasionally addresses (or tweets about), the surrealism of our collapsing social and political infrastructure.
The way out of this slowly lethal absurdity is a lot more complex than simply resisting the Trump presidency, so that we can get ourselves back, with a huge sigh of relief, to the pre-Trump status quo.
I suggest, instead, envisioning a different sort of future, beginning with a rethinking of our core mythology and its excruciating limitations: that we are separate sentient beings living on an inanimate, exploitable planet; that it's every man for themselves and winning is everything; that my survival has nothing to do with your survival; that a detached (cynical) rationality is the best tool we have for understanding life and the world that surrounds us.
It's time to leave the Age of Disconnect. Its achievements are coming back to haunt us.
Who are we?
Charles Eisenstein, in their recent book The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible, talks about “an emerging Story of the People that is the defining mythology of a new kind of civilization.” They call it “the Story of Interbeing.”
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The essence of this unwritten story is extraordinarily deep and extraordinarily simple: “That my being partakes of your being and that of all beings. This goes beyond interdependency—our very existence is relational.
“That, therefore, what we do to another, we do to ourselves.”
Such words may be transgressions beyond the boundary established by cynics, but they are not random or abstract. We can feel the connection beyond ourselves:
“Why,” Eisenstein asks, “does it hurt when we hear of another person coming to harm? Why, when we read of mass die-offs of the coral reefs and see their bleached skeletons, do we feel like we've sustained a blow? It is because it is literally happening to our selves, our extended selves. . . . Certainly, as a little introspection will reveal, our desire to help is not coming from a rational calculation that this injustice or that ecological disaster will somehow, someday, threaten our personal well-being. The pain is more direct, more visceral than that. The reason it hurts is because it is literally happening to ourselves.”
Yet somehow we have chopped up the world in which we live into an infinity of separateness, gaining, in the process, control (for some) over other people and dominion, as they say, over the planet. In my last column, I talked about pledging one's allegiance not to a nation and its arbitrary borders, or to the flag that symbolizes the nation, but to the planet itself and to the future it is our purpose in being here to create.
But what would such a pledge mean? I'm obviously not talking about some rote recitation, but a heartfelt new exploration of the ancient question, who are we? To assist in our approaching this question with adequate seriousness, I summon the words of Harvard-trained neuroanatomist Jill Bolte Taylor, who, a decade ago, wrote a book called My Stroke of Insight, about the stroke they suffered when they were 37 years old.
They awoke one morning with something more than a headache, but not knowing what it was, they stepped into the shower as usual: “When the shower droplets beat into my chest like little bullets, I was harshly startled back into . . . reality,” they wrote. “As I held my hands up in front of my face and wiggled my fingers, I was simultaneously perplexed and intrigued.
“Wow, what a strange and amazing thing I am. What a bizarre living being I am. Life! I am life! I am a sea of water bound inside this membranous pouch. Here, in this form, I am a conscious mind and this body is the vehicle through which I am ALIVE! I am trillions of cells sharing a common mind. I am here, now, thriving as life. Wow! What an unfathomable concept! I am cellular life, no — I am molecular life with manual dexterity and a cognitive mind!”
Taylor's stroke recovery meant rebuilding their life. This is where it started — with, you might say, their sudden, visceral awareness of the miracle of being. Somehow we need to expand this awareness into the story of who we are: the story at the core of the future we're building.
A number of well-known brands disappeared in the last year in large part due to economic forces. Many of them were in the retail industry, LED by Circuit City. ATA and Aloha airlines are gone. Gateway Computers has effectively disappeared after being bought by Acer. It still has a website, but the brand is no longer marketed.
As the recession deepens and stretches out quarter after quarter, more companies will close or will shut divisions. More brands will disappear because their parents firms fold or can no longer afford to support them. Other brands will be obliterated by mergers.
24/7 Wall St. examined 100 large brands that are facing troubled futures. The analysis included records for those brands that are public companies or part of public companies. We considered sales information, information from industry experts, and brand histories. We also looked at the level of competition in each brand's market and the extent to which that competition is growing. We examined the likelihood that a brand could be sold or spun off in cases where parent companies are in financial trouble.
We have compiled a list of 12 brands that will we believe will not survive until the end of next year. Each brand and the major reasons for its demise are listed along with some of the public information 24/7 Wall St. examined.
1. Avis/Budget (CAR) operates two car rental businesses. The primary competition for the company is Hertz (HTZ). Both firms are facing significant problems paying down their debt. Barclays Capital analyst Brian A. Johnson said the companies are “facing an almost perfect storm, with increasing pressure on both revenues and costs, coupled with very large risks on the liquidity and operational side.” There is real risk that Avis may violate its credit facility covenants. As the travel industry continues to falter, problems at Avis/Budget are going to get worse. The company has said that it plans to operate both brands. Their financial statements indicate that will become increasingly difficult. Avis is the larger operation with 5,100 locations to Budget's 2,750, according to the company's 10-K. Avis/Budget lost money each of the last three years and in 2008 lost $1.1 billion on revenue of $6 billion. As sales drop through 2009, Avis/Budget will find it impossible to support the costs of maintaining two brands. The Budget brand will have to be eliminated. CAR trades for $1 down from a 52-week high of $18.
2. Borders (BGP) has struggled for several years as the No.2 operator of book store behind Barnes & Noble. When Border's released its last set of earnings it said it would cut the number of Waldendbooks stores from about 300 to 50 or 60. With Border's losses, that won't be enough. The pressure from online book operations led by Amazon (AMZN) and new e-book readers is overwhelming Borders. In the fourth quarter of last year, sales at Border's branded stores dropped 15.3%. For the full year 2008, Borders lost $157 million on revenue of $2.8 billion. Borders recently extended its $42.5 million senior secured term loan with Pershing Square Capital Management, moving the due date to April 1, 2010. That may be the day that Borders goes away. Border's shares trade at $1.47, down from a 52-week high of $8.02.
3. Crocs (CROX) sold the fastest growing footwear in America at one point. In late 2007, the company's shares traded at more than $72. Now they change hands at well below $2. At the end of March, Crocs got a six-month extension of a critical credit facility. According to Reuters, “Crocs Inc averted a cash crunch by winning an 11th-hour credit facility extension with a California bank, but analysts say the jury is still out on whether the struggling brand can turn around.” Two weeks before the credit extension, the company's auditors gave the firm a “going concern” letter, an indication that there would be reasonable chance that Crocs would make it another year. In the fourth quarter of 2008, Crocs lost $43 million after making $55 million in the same period the year before. Revenue fell from $225 million in the last quarter of 2007 to $126 million. Crocs won't make it through the year.
4. Saturn was created by former GM (GM) CEO Roger Smith to be the company's platform for manufacturing and marketing innovation. GM, now faced with bankruptcy, will almost certainly close its poorly performing brands. In the first quarter, Saturn sales dropped 59% to 19,843. GM can't afford to support a brand with poor sales that are falling at such a rapid pace.
5. Esquire Magazine is published by Hearst which is having substantial problems in both its newspaper and magazine divisions. Hearst recently threatened to close The San Francisco Chronicle after losing tens of millions of dollars during the last several years. It kept the paper open after the staff agreed to huge cuts. At about the same time, Hearst closed its paper in Seattle. The collapse in print advertising has pushed revenue at most of Hearst's large magazines down by double digits after a bad year in 2008. Flagship titles such as Good Housekeeping and Cosmopolitan have been hit especially hard. Hearst is going to have to cut some of its anemic magazine titles. Esquire is among the weakest of the major men's magazines on the basis of advertising page performance. Through April, ad pages at the magazine dropped 27% to 206. Men's magazines are one of the most crowded categories in the industry. Esquire is up against GQ, Details, Men's Journal, Maxim, and a number of men's fitness and health publications. The men's magazines which are performing the most poorly will not last long. Big publishers such as Hearst and Conde Nast have already proven that they will cut what they have to in a brutal environment.
6. Gap (GAP) Old Navy and Banana Republic. Gap is a three-brand company living in a two-brand body. In March, same-store sales for the Gap North America flagship brand were off 14% following a 14% drop in the same month in 2008. Sales at Old Navy were flat for the same month but dropped 27% in March 2008. Sales at Banana Republic were off 16% this year and 8% last year. Gap announced that year-to-date net sales were $2.08 billion for the nine weeks that ended April 4, 2009, a decrease of 9% compared with net sales of $2.28 billion for the nine weeks that ended April 5, 2008. Old Navy has more stores than Banana Republic, 1,067 compared to 573. In the fourth quarter of last year, Gap had less than a 6% operating margin on $4.1 billion in revenue. In other words, if same-store sales at the company continue to drop 15% month after month, Gap is going to run into problems. Old Navy is still the weakest brand of the lot. Gap will have to close it down.
7. Architectural Digest Magazine has lost 47% of its ad pages this year. The magazine is owned by Conde Nast which is controlled by the Newhouse family. Newhouse is having significant financial problems with both its newspaper operations, which used to be very profitable, and its magazine group. Architectural Digest is operating in an environment where high-end home sales and expensive redecorating have been driven out of the market. It is also up against a number of other home and shelter magazines. Publications which are losing nearly half of their ad pages are almost certainly not going to make it for another year no matter what subjects they cover. Conde Nast has already closed or cut back several of its magazines.
8. The Chrysler brand of Chrysler LLC faces a problem similar to the one that GM faces with its weakest brands. As the company filed for bankruptcy with government support, the automaker knows that it cannot support product design, manufacturing, and marketing for all of its brands. An analysis of Chrysler LLC sales by division shows that the Chrysler brand has substantially worse sales than Dodge or Jeep. Through the first quarter, Chrysler sales dropped 61% to 45,706. The only nameplate within the brand that sold more than 20,000 vehicles was the Town & Country which could almost certainly be moved to the Dodge division. Dodge and Jeep both sold substantially more cars than the Chrysler brand even thought their sales were down 40%. When the company is restructuring Chrysler will be gone.
9. Eddie Bauer (EBHI) stock trades at $.38 now. Just last September it changed hands at more than $8. The company has said that it may violate debt covenants this year. According to the AP, the company also has severe competitive problems. “The retailer is facing an uphill battle because its merchandise doesn't stand out among competitors such as outdoor retailer Recreational Equipment Inc., according to Janet Hoffman, managing partner of the global retail practice of Accenture.” In the fourth quarter of 2008, Bauer lost $128 million on revenue of $369 million. The company's current S&P rating is about as low as it could be—CCC-. Eddie Bauer could be out of business by mid-year.
10. Palm (PALM) has been at death's door for some time. It prospects have improved recently and the company has one last chance to become viable when it launches its new “Pre” product. Recent research shows that almost no one who owns an Apple (AAPL) iPhone or RIM (RIMM) Blackberry will switch to the new smartphone, so Palm will have to essentially expand the market to get share for its new device during a recession. The “Pre” will also be sold exclusively though Sprint (S), the No.3 cellular carrier in the US which has been losing subscribers consistently for more than two years. The launch of the “Pre” is a disaster in the making. Palm's results for the quarter that ended on February 27th were awful, failing to meet Wall St's modest expectations. Palm sold only 482,000 handsets for the period, down 42% from the same quarter the year before. Revenue dropped from $312 million to $91 million, and Palm lost $95 million. Palm brought in just over $100 million with the help of its largest shareholder, Elevation Partners, in a recent financing. The bottom line is that Palm has no chance of getting an even modest part of the smartphone market in a severe economic downturn since it competes with two of the premier technology companies in the world—Apple and RIM. Palm won't be in business in a year.
11. AIG (AIG) may be the only large company in America that both the management and federal government want torn apart. If AIG succeeds in selling most of its divisions it will be able to repay more than $100 billion in government loans and investments. The figure may be closer to $150 billion depending on how the federal money is accounted for. Uncle Sam also owns 80% of AIG's shares. There are two reasons that the AIG brand, once the premier insurance brand in the world, will disappear. The first is that most of the companies owned by AIG do not bear its name. AIG owns ten general insurance companies with names such as New Hampshire Insurance Company and The Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company. Several of AIG's life insurance companies do not have AIG in their titles. AIG's most valuable financial services company is probably the aircraft leasing operation, International Lease Finance Corporation. AIG is now a “toxic” brand. Its operating groups will do their best to distance themselves from the company even while they are owned by AIG. Once they become independent of part of other companies, these operations will end whatever attachment they have had with AIG even if it means changing their names. AIG may be the one large brand in America which almost everyone would like to see disappear.
12. The travel industry has been so badly damaged by the economy that the airline industry faces substantial overcapacity. There is almost no question that two of the large US flag carriers will have to merge to avoid the bankruptcy of another American airline. United Airlines (UAUA) is among the three weakest carriers in the US. AMR (AMR) and US Air (LCC) complete the list. The stocks of all three companies are down more thank 40% so far this year as concerns mount that passenger traffic declines will accelerate as the recession gets worse. The sales loses are being partially offset by a drop in fuel prices and cuts in routes and airplanes, but the benefit of those reductions has already mostly occurred. When the economy or fuel prices are bad for a prolonged period, airlines turn to the two behaviors which have been their modes operandi in the past—mergers and bankruptcy. If the revenue problems facing the industry get worse, a stronger carrier such as Continental (CAL) is almost certain takeover one of its weakened peers. At United, total consolidated revenue passenger miles (RPMs) decreased in March. Not only are the numbers of passengers dropping, but as BusinessWeek pointed out two weeks ago, airlines are cutting ticket charges sharply because “there are relatively strong indications that bookings for the spring and summer — especially for business-class tickets — may be far softer than carriers had expected.” And, United has indicated that the quarter that just ended will not be as good as Wall St. had hoped. Avondale Partners analyst Bob McAdoo recently wrote “Despite the deepest capacity cuts in the industry, UAL expects declines in [first-quarter unit revenue] that are slightly worse than what other legacies have recently guided to.” In the fourth quarter of last year, United generated negative $989 million in operating cash flow and negative $1.1 billion of free cash flow, defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures. United cut a deal with its largest credit card processor in terms of the cash balances it needs to maintain. The card company gets a security interest in some United aircraft in exchange. The deal extends until January of next year. United needs a way out of all this trouble. It has already been through a bankruptcy recently. A “merger” is a much more likely alternative now. As TWA learned when it was bought by AMR, the company being bought gets to keep its brand around but fairly quickly a new logo gets painted on the planes.
Douglas A. McIntyre
Merson's Predictions
Paul Merson is back with another round of their Premier League predictions - how will they get on?
The Magic Man had a tough week last time out, failing to get a perfect score and getting just four results correct.
 They are hoping for better this weekend and with some excellent games - including Manchester United v Tottenham live on Sky Sports Premier League - it is one to look forward to...
Last week's predictions Actual result Merse predicted... West Ham 0-3 Brighton 1-0 Chelsea 4-2 Watford 2-1 Swansea 1-2 Leicester 2-1 Newcastle 1-0 Crystal Palace 1-1 Man City 3-0 Burnley 4-0 Huddersfield 2-1 Man Utd 0-2 Stoke 1-2 Bournemouth 2-1 Southampton 1-0 West Brom 0-0 Everton 2-5 Arsenal 1-3 Tottenham 4-1 Liverpool 3-2
Manchester United v Tottenham - from 11.30am, Saturday, Sky Sports Premier League
It's no surprise but the West Ham defeat proved it, Tottenham is a different team without Harry Kane.
But I watched Manchester United at Huddersfield and they were poor. That was after they went to Liverpool and just shut up shop - those results have left them behind the eight ball. They are five points behind Man City and have a difficult match coming up.
2:41 Highlights: Tottenham 4-1 Liverpool Highlights: Tottenham 4-1 Liverpool
United need to take the game to Tottenham and I'm not sure they can do that. Spurs would probably take a draw but their away record has been phenomenal recently.
And if Mauricio Pochettino's team really have aspirations of winning the title themselves, this is a fixture they need to win. The way Man City are playing at the moment, winning at United gives you every chance of challenging.
Paul predicts: 1-1 (Sky Bet odds 5/1)
Brighton v Southampton - from 12.30pm, Nissan Super Sunday, Sky Sports Premier League
I'm going for Brighton. They are doing OK this season and Southampton don't blow teams away.
You are always in the game against them because they don't score many and Brighton will be full of confidence after that 3-0 win at West Ham.
It should be close but I'm edging for the home side.
Paul predicts: 2-1 (Sky Bet odds 11/1)
2:55 Highlights: Southampton 1-0 West Brom Highlights: Southampton 1-0 West Brom
Leicester v Everton - from 3.30pm, Nissan Super Sunday, Sky Sports Premier League
I nearly fell over when I found out Claude Puel was appointed at Leicester. Not for me.
It's their first game and you usually get a boost but Everton showed a lot of fight under caretaker boss David Unsworth at Chelsea in the Carabao Cup.
I would give them the job on a permanent basis. If you cut them open, they bleed Everton blue. That's what the fans want, someone with passion for the club.
Paul predicts: 1-1 (Sky Bet odds 5/1)
Burnley v Newcastle - from 7pm, Monday Night Football, Sky Sports Premier League
I haven't gone for Newcastle to win once this season but that changes today! Burnley's home form has been a little shaky and Newcastle are on a roll.
They did well against Southampton and the Palace win was big for them. They are punching well above their weight - if they finish sixth Rafa Benitez will be manager of the season.
The name of the game remains safety and hopefully for Newcastle fans their club will be in a position in January to have a real go in the FA Cup. That would be brilliant.
Paul predicts: 1-2 (Sky Bet odds 9/1)
2:42 Highlights: Newcastle 1-0 Crystal Palace Highlights: Newcastle 1-0 Crystal Palace
West Brom v Manchester City - 3pm, Saturday
Albion set up for a 0-0 draw against Southampton and nearly got it. Jay Rodriguez also missed a couple of good half-chances and they were ultimately undone by probably the goal of the season.
Tony Pulis will always make it difficult and I expect no different against Manchester City. The problem is Pep Guardiola has so much quality to choose from.
Paul predicts: 0-2 (Sky Bet odds 11/2)
2:59 Highlights: Man City 3-0 Burnley Highlights: Man City 3-0 Burnley
Watford v Stoke City - 3pm, Saturday
Watford played really well at Chelsea and probably came away from the match thinking, 'How did we get beat there?!'
They could have been 4-1 up at one stage, they created so many chances. Marco Silva has a strong, physical team and they look really good.
They have athletes that can play a bit of football too and I think they will have too much for Stoke, who were poor against Bournemouth.
Paul predicts: 3-1 (Sky Bet odds 16/1)
Crystal Palace v West Ham - 3pm, Saturday
West Ham will get a massive amount of belief from beating Tottenham and Crystal Palace, who lost a six-pointer to Newcastle, just got hammered 4-1 by Bristol City in the Carabao Cup.
I know they didn't put out a full team but you don't lose by that many to a Championship side. You need to start building your confidence.
Any fan wants to see desire, a bit of heart, and West Ham showed that in the second half at Wembley. Fair play to them, I can't imagine too many of the players wanted to come back onto the pitch 2-0 down at half-time but to rally and win the match is impressive.
Paul predicts: 1-1 (Sky Bet odds 5/1)
Liverpool v Huddersfield - 3pm, Saturday
I know Liverpool have struggled in these types of matches but they should win and Huddersfield's style of press may help them.
They usually press high and that would suit Mohamed Salah, Philippe Coutinho and the rest. Premier League teams can pop it around you and all of a sudden that opens up space for the Liverpool forwards.
If David Wagner changes it up and sticks with the half-press they used against United then it could be a different story. They waited until United got to the halfway line and then rushed in. They did well and that would frustrate Liverpool.
I just think as the game goes on Jurgen Klopp has too many star players.
Paul predicts: 2-0 (Sky Bet odds 5/1)
2:51 Highlights: Huddersfield 2-1 Man Utd Highlights: Huddersfield 2-1 Man Utd
Arsenal v Swansea - 3pm, Saturday
This is Arsenal all over. They do well at Chelsea, go on a little run and then get beaten by Watford. It's a cycle that will probably repeat all season.
They have won a couple in a row now and will beat Swansea, the talk will start again, but they will lose to someone they shouldn't.
I can't see that happening on Saturday, though. Swansea went to Tottenham at Wembley and sat 10 behind the ball but I think Arsenal will break them down more easily.
Paul predicts: 3-0 (Sky Bet odds 6/1)
2:58 Highlights: Everton 2-5 Arsenal Highlights: Everton 2-5 Arsenal
Bournemouth v Chelsea - 5.30pm, Saturday
Chelsea weren't too convincing against Watford but they still scored four goals. That's the quality they possess.
Their problem this season seems to be they have lost that solidity at the back. Last season their defensive three was so strong and it was hard to score against them, you had to work really hard. Now that doesn't seem the case.
Bournemouth might score in front of their home fans but I still think Chelsea will have miles too much for them to get a result.
Paul predicts: 1-3 (Sky Bet odds 11/1)
Update Night is a fortnightly column in which Rich McCormick revisits games to find out whether they've been changed for better or worse.
This is RPS, so let's get literary. Team Fortress 2 is the game version of the Picture of Dorian Gray — but in reverse.Back in 2007, Valve put its near-perfect multiplayer creation on both console and PC. The two versions of Team Fortress 2 started out the same, with the same nine cartoonish classes, weapons, and maps, but ended up with very different lives. On console, TF2 never saw the sun. It was shut away on Xbox Live and PSN, ignored in updates and shunned by players. On PC, however, it made a deal to live a life of liberty, to go out into the world and grow. The game sprouted a community and became popular, spawning update after update.
Like the unaging Gray, the blemish-free vanilla version continued to exist, trapped in amber on PlayStation 3s and Xbox 360s that have — like the story's titular picture — now been hidden away in attics. It's still there, if you know where to find it, but nobody bothers to. Meanwhile, the gnarled, twisted, changed version walks the internet, scaring past friends with their vastly different visage and new free-to-play form.
Except, you know, where Dorian Gray had a manky rotten skull face, Team Fortress 2 has new weapons, crates, keys, modes, and — of course — hats. Valve added hats upon hats (literally, in some cases), over the past decade, until the original game feels like a distant memory. Valve's most recent updates have pulled the game even further into the modern day, introducing matchmaking in both competitive and casual flavours. Competitive matchmaking is locked behind a paywall — remember that this is now a free-to-play game — but casual matchmaking generally makes getting into a match easy and reliable. That's not always the case, though. TF2 now straddles the gap between the olden days anything-goes of an early-2000s server browser and the slicker, smoother, far-less-customisable experience commonplace in modern shooters. One in 10 of the servers I joined would strip my weapons and enforce hand-to-hand combat, or offer me a suite of game-breaking power-ups, or pass me a grapple gun and let me shoot around the stage like Spider-Man.
These weren't always negative experiences, and sometimes brought back fond memories of wacky Counter-Strike servers running de_rats or gameshow mutators. But it got annoying on the fourth or fifth attempt, when all I wanted to do was try one of TF2's new community-created maps using the weapons I was meant to be using. Fortunately, the server browser's still there in the game, tucked away under matchmaking options for when you find a preferred server home and never want to let it go.
For a lot of players who dropped off TF2 after its 2011 peak, the biggest change will be the number of new weapons for each class. The result of this hefty collection is that TF2 can feel closer to Dota 2 — its apparent usurper in Valve's affections — in that new and returning players need to learn the form and function of hundreds of items. This opens the door to boundless creativity in item builds, but can also feel frustrating, especially when you're killed by guns you've never seen before. I was menaced by Soldiers and Spies, in particular, skill classes controlled by skilled players who'd stuck with the game for a decade. One devastatingly competent Spy sowed total chaos during one of my games, lining up my entire team and chomping straight through them, using the Eternal Reward knife to instantly disguise as their latest victim. Conceptually, I know how best to stop a Spy, but in the midst of a 12-on-12 firefight, this specific bastard reigned supreme.
The kind of chaos the Spy thrives in has been dialed up for nu-TF2. Vanilla Team Fortress 2 was founded on concepts of silhouettes and ease of recognition: players could immediately identify what was coming for them, and how best to counterbalance it. Add in hundreds of guns, items, and hats, and those silhouettes have been well and truly blurred, making it trickier to know the right play in the right situation.
There are still only nine characters, but there aren't just nine classes any more. The Pyro started as an ambusher, but I outfitted my muffled killer as a protector, giving them the Homewrecker hammer to knock Spy sappers off teammates' buildings, and the Manmelter pistol to put out flaming friends. The Demoman can be a defensive powerhouse or an offensive line-wrecker, depending on whether you give them sticky bombs or a super-sized sword. The Spy has become even more intricate, an array of watches, revolvers, and knives allowing players to become careful planners or panicked stabbers. The Heavy is still a markedly heavy man, but items both old and new let them decouple from their Medic partner and work as anything from snapshot semi-sniper to suppressing fire spray-and-prayer.
That's true in casual matchmaking, anyway, where most of my opponents seemed to use a wide range of reskinned, renamed, or otherwise fancified weapons just because they had them in their inventory. On the competitive side of the fence, however, on both servers and Twitch streams, players are more likely to default into specific builds. Stepping outside of these builds can lead to punishment, either in game terms as you're stomped by organised crews running the right builds, or derided by your teammates for using such a stupid loadout.
Valve has made attempts to curb this behaviour and keep all weapons viable. The developer's latest update includes nerfs to items like the Sniper's crocodile-skin shield, which had become a de facto selection for its health boosts to the class, and tweaks to the Soldier's BASE Jumper parachute to stop players having too easy a time raining rockets from above. But the pressure to know and conform to this metagame kept me leaning back toward the casual matchmaking lists, where I could observe and understand how some of the newest weapons worked.
This, I should note, comes from the perspective of someone who played TF2 from launch. 10 years is a long time for Valve to build up an impressive catalogue of weaponry, but if you've dug back into the game more recently, you may be more disappointed with its newest features. The most recent meaningful addition to the classes' arsenal came in 2014, with the introduction of the Panic Attack shotgun and two new variants to the Demoman's grenade and sticky bomb launcher.
The three years since have instead been filled with a barrage of cosmetic items, in the form of taunts, reskinned variants of existing weapons, and of course, hats. Those weapon skins were introduced a few months after the game went free-to-play in 2015, alongside a Campaign system that players could pay for entry to, and earn rare items through. Campaigns added a layer of direction to TF2's unstructured team combat, but have been deployed sparsely, leaving months between their activation. Valve has recently promised a more open development process in the future, but compare the situation to that of TF2's main competitor — Overwatch — and the older shooter suddenly feels a little neglected.
Fortunately, TF2 can still lean on its community to breathe some new life into its decade-old form. New maps enter the rotation reasonably often, and their creators are supported by purchases of stamps, sold on the official TF2 store. The free-to-play aspects of the game don't typically feel too egregious, either. Weapons still drop in game, and I found a number of duplicates during my hours of play, but players can opt to bypass the whims of the drop lords and just buy every class weapon outright with real money. These can be bought in cheapo bundles, ranging from £1.52 for all of the Medic's functionally different tools, to £4.59 for every one of the Soldier's guns and items. I splurged on the Sniper's full pack, getting my hands on the gun that splashed enemies with piss in the process, and was happy with the price of entry.
The same can't be said for the crafting system, which requires ludicrous investment before paying out in sweet, sweet hats. Even when I unsentimentally culled the majority of my backpack items, smelting down toys I had earned — and cherished — as a younger man, I still found myself several chunks of scrap metal short of a hat. A single hat. It's much easier just to go and buy a new one from the shop for a few quid: a decision that feels forced by restrictive crafting mechanics and a slow drop rate.
I'm a sucker, though, so I ended up doing just that. A few hours after I returned to TF2, I treated myself to a Demoman helmet, all the while thinking how weird it was that the game that helped define the present-day cosmetics economy of free-to-play shooters felt a little unfair.
But it's what's underneath the hat that matters. And, like Dorian Gray's gribbly face, although TF2's skin has changed, the bone structure remains largely the same. New items can make the classes incredibly situational in their use, or powerful in their application, but there's still that underlying web of relationships between them. Spies still backstab Snipers; Pyros still expose Spies; Heavies still mow down Pyros, and Scouts still annoy the shit out of everyone. And underneath it all, there's still 2Fort, and it still gets heavy rotation on the casual matchmaking servers.
It's still 2007's 2Fort, and it's much the same game that plays out across its barricades in 2017. It's hard to say which of the two visions of TF2 is better — old and twisted or young and unblemished — but while both have suffered in comparison with more recent shooters like Overwatch, modern TF2 is still wildly enjoyable at its best.
Wolf-whistling and making comments perceived as sexist could become hate crimes in London, police have said.
The Metropolitan Police Force revealed they have been consulting with other forces about cracking down on “gender-based hate crime” after similar behaviour was criminalised in other parts of the country.
Last year, Nottinghamshire Police became the first in the UK to record “misogyny” as a hate crime, potentially criminalising complimenting, texting, and catcalling women in certain contexts.
A Scotland Yard spokesperson told the Evening Standard: “We have been speaking to other forces about their experiences of the practicalities of recording gender-based hate crime and will use this, along with feedback from our partners, to inform any future changes to MPS policy.”
Hate incidents in the UK only need to be “perceived” by the alleged victim “or any other person”, and the Crown Prosecution Service recently confirmed that “no evidence” is needed for one to be reported and recorded.
Many forces even consider “dislike” and “unfriendliness” as forms of hate crime.
Fighting "hate crime" is more important than prosecuting "real crime" 🙄 https://t.co/ppPgjpNRfu — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) October 27, 2017
Also this week, the National Police Chiefs' Council head of hate crime told the Women and Equalities Committee in Parliament that there is an ongoing police debate about criminalising perceived sexism.
Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton told MPs: “Issues such as on-street behaviour that people feel should be accepted as part of the interaction of daily life actually has a detrimental and damaging impact.
“Sexual harassment of a woman or a girl at a bus stop by a male might be some things that some women feel they are just going to have to accept, that no-one's going to do anything about it.
“The debate in policing now is moving much more to identify those issues in the same way as we would other types of incident or crime, establishing if a crime has been committed or not.”
PC Hamilton even suggested police might consider taking action against behaviour which is not criminal at all.
“[E]ven if a crime hasn't been committed the debate now is similar to hate crime incidents,” they said.
“Should we be taking action of some variety to address the behaviour before it escalates into a crime and also most importantly to try and restore some confidence to the victim and make them feel that what happened to them is being addressed somewhere?”
Follow Jack Montgomery on Twitter: @JackBMontgomery
This story is over
This story is over
Hungry drivers faced drive-thru mayhem at the Skegness McDonald's when an allegedly drunk man on a mobility scooter was arrested.
Michael Ernest Green, 62, will appear in court facing charges of being drunk in charge of a carriage after police were called to the takeaway restaurant on Grand Parade at around 3.30pm on Monday, August 1.
People at the scene reported that a man on a mobility scooter was refusing to move from the McDonald's drive thru window when staff wouldn't serve him.
The scene attracted crowds of people and left other drivers reportedly facing a drive-thru delay of around an hour.
They were reportedly breathalysed when officers arrived and was arrested and charged by police.
They will appear before Skegness Magistrates' Court on August 30.
ALSO READ: McDonald's contradicts itself after Skegness mobility scooter drive-thru row
HorrorBid has gotten their hands on several photos from the set of “Friday the 13th” remake, directed by Marcus Nispel, that show for the first time what Jason Voorhees looks like without their mask.
Unstoppable masked killer Jason Voorhees returns to kill more promiscuous teens in this contemporary remake of the classic horror movie. Whitney (Amanda Righetti), Jenna (Danielle Panabaker), Trent (Travis VanWinkle), and the other counslers at Camp Crystal Lake find themselves hunted down by a machete weilding maniac known as Jason Voorhees (Derek Mears). Meanwhile Whitney's brother Clay (Jared Padalecki) shows up looking for her, after they go missing.
Friday the 13th stars Amanda Righetti, Danielle Panabaker, Travis VanWinkle, Derek Mears, and Jared Padalecki. It's coming out on January 13th, 2009 (that's a Tuesday not a Friday).
Friday the 13th: Jason Voorhees Unmasked
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton walks off the stage after speaking in New York, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016. Clinton conceded the presidency to Donald Trump in a phone call early Wednesday morning, a stunning end to a campaign that appeared poised right up until election day to make them the first woman elected U.S. president. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Hillary Clinton is blaming the FBI's decision to revive its examination of their email accounts for their devastating defeat in the presidential election.
On a call Saturday with top campaign donors, Clinton said their campaign was winning until FBI director James Comey sent a letter to Congress on Oct. 28 announcing that the FBI had uncovered emails possibly related to its earlier probe into their use of a private server as secretary of state. The new examination was sparked by an unrelated investigation into former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of one of their top aides.
The surprise announcement by the FBI came after three debates in which Republican Donald Trump was widely panned for their performance. Clinton told the donors that their campaign was leading by large margins in nearly every battleground state and was tied in Arizona, a traditionally Republican stronghold, until Comey released their letter.
Trump's campaign and Republican supporters seized on the news, even though it was unclear whether Clinton's correspondence was tied up in the probe.
Comey told lawmakers the Sunday before the election that the bureau had found no evidence to warrant criminal charges. Their "all clear" message only served to further motivate Trump supporters, Clinton told donors on the call.
In the nine days between Comey's initial statement and their "all clear" announcement, nearly 24 million people cast early ballots. That was roughly 18 percent of the expected total votes for president.
While Clinton accepted some blame of their loss, said donors who listened to their call, they made little mention of the other factors driving Trump's victory: A desire for change by voters, possible sexism, the difficulty of a political party winning a third White House term, their campaign's all-but-dismissal of white working class voters and flaws within their own message.
Donors on the call were not authorized to discuss their comments by name and requested anonymity to describe them to The Associated Press.
Democrats have spent much of this week reeling for their loss, with many in the party beginning a process of soul-searching designed to sort out what exactly went wrong. Liberals like Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren say Democrats must embrace a more aggressive economic message — one Clinton largely shied away from during their campaign.
Citizens of six predominantly Muslim countries will be barred from acquiring visas to the United States, as part of a new executive order on immigration signed by President Trump today. Unlike a previous executive order, which is on hold, this 90-day freeze will not apply to current visa holders or citizens of Iraq. However, it raises concerns for thousands of foreign-born doctors currently working in the United States, as well as others hoping to work here in the near future.
There are more than 7,000 physicians working in the U.S. who trained in Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, the six countries in Trump's new executive order, according to research from a group of doctors and economists at Harvard Medical School using data from Doximity, a professional network for physicians. The Association of American Medical Colleges, which represents all of the accredited medical schools in the U.S. and most teaching hospitals, calculated how many people were affected by the previous executive order covering seven countries, estimating that figure at more than 10,000. The organization says there are also 80 students from those seven countries currently enrolled in U.S. medical schools and about 1,000 people who have applied for residencies and fellowships.
In light of the revised ban, graduate students from Harvard and MIT used Doximity data to try to quantify the role those physicians play in the U.S. medical system and who they serve. They found that doctors from the countries subject to the ban are concentrated in Rust Belt states and Appalachia, and estimated that they account for more than 14 million patient visits a year. The doctors are more likely to work in underserved areas and more likely to practice in areas of medicine facing shortages, such as pediatrics and psychiatry, meaning that many likely play a vital role in vulnerable communities.
It's unclear what effect the ban will have on these doctors, but Trump's backlash against immigration already appears to be affecting other scientific fields. Graduate engineering programs have seen as much as a 30 percent decline in applications this year. And the earlier iteration of the ban resulted in physicians, residents and their families being denied entry to the U.S.
Michael Stepner, a graduate student at MIT, worked on the research exploring these doctors' role in U.S. medicine. They said that it won't be easy to find replacements for doctors restricted by the travel ban who otherwise would have worked in underserved areas. “These are areas that have been losing jobs and population. A lot of the highly skilled people [like physicians] leave for new opportunities, and the remaining people are left with few options,” they said.
Stepner acknowledged that their team was taking an activist stance on the issue; their website provides resources for people who want to call their Congress member to oppose the ban. They said the months- to yearslong timeline for publishing most academic research didn't feel appropriate given the immediacy of the executive order.
“We don't think about this as part of our academic research,” they said.
CORRECTION (March 6, 7 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the name of an organization that represents medical schools. It is the Association of American Medical Colleges, not the American Association of Medical Colleges.
When the Carolina Hurricanes coach was asked Thursday if they were a numbers guy, Peters deflected the question with their great sense of humor, one of the many things in their toolbox that make them very good at their job.
"I've got to be able to count to six so I don't get too many men on the ice," Peters said with a smile. "I don't have any money, so I don't look at any numbers in my account."
Then, suddenly, their face got serious.
"You're probably leading towards analytics," they said.
Yes, in the case of the Hurricanes, just about everything leads towards analytics, because they have been one of the statistically best teams in the NHL for years, yet one of the few that can't turn those statistics into wins.
"I like information. I don't like misinformation," Peters said. "If you tell me something, and I trust you, I'm going to use it. But if I don't trust you, I'm going to research it myself, I'm going to verify it, then I'm going to use it.
"Some numbers tell more of a story than others."
Peters was hired by the Hurricanes prior to the 2014-15 season, which is also when Hurricanes hockey analyst Eric Tulsky began working for them on a part-time basis before being hired full time prior to last season.
Tulsky is the one in charge of providing analytics information to Peters in the form of reports previewing and reviewing every game.
And Peters trusts him.
"Analytics are a big part of our game right now and we have one of the best in Eric Tulsky," Peters said. "He asks me for ideas. But he's smart, and I coach hockey. I've got nothing for him. I read their stuff, I ask them questions to try and get more information out of it. It provides us, as coaches, information, it provides management with information. It's a definite tool that can make you better."
Then, Peters stops and points at their eyes.
"But my analytics are right here, the ones I've always used," they said. "So I combine my analytics and I combine their analytics, we discuss it and it provokes thought. We're always trying to stay ahead of the curve."
To whatever degree they use it in their coaching, the Hurricanes' analytics have been consistently strong under Peters. But they have not been rewarded for it, missing the Stanley Cup Playoffs every year since 2009, the second longest playoff drought in the NHL after the Edmonton Oilers, who haven't made the postseason since 2006.
Just as the Oilers look like they might be on the verge of ending that streak this season, the Hurricanes also are surging up the Eastern Conference standings. They had their five-game winning streak broken by the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday, but enter their game Saturday at the Ottawa Senators (7 p.m. ET; CITY, FS-CR, NHL.TV) as one of the hottest teams in the NHL.
"I think we're starting to realize what we can do in this League," defenseman Noah Hanifin said. "At the beginning of the season we started off on the road a lot, which is kind of tough. We had some games in the beginning we probably could have won but we let them slip away. Now we're doing a good job of playing a full 60 minutes. Our team feels real confident right now. We feel like we know our identity now."
This possible ascension toward the playoffs has been a long time coming for the Hurricanes, who have been doing things the right way since Peters was hired as coach.
Over Peters' first two seasons behind the Hurricanes bench, Carolina was ninth in the NHL with a 5-on-5 shot attempt percentage of 51.94 percent. The only other team in the top 14 over that span that did not reach the playoffs in each of the past two seasons was the ninth-place Winnipeg Jets, who made the playoffs in 2015 but not last season.
The Hurricanes (8-7-4) are third in the NHL in SAT percentage this season at 53.53 percent.
General manager Ron Francis said their goal when they took over from Jim Rutherford at the end of the 2013-14 season was to make Carolina younger and more talented, which takes time.
That time appears to be now.
The Hurricanes are led by defenseman Justin Faulk and forward Jeff Skinner, each 24 years old. Forwards Victor Rask (23), Teuvo Teravainen (22), Elias Lindholm (21) and Sebastian Aho (19) and defensemen Jaccob Slavin (22), Brett Pesce (22) and Hanifin (19) make up a very solid young core.
That is half of Carolina's regular lineup of 18 skaters that is 24 or younger.
"There are a lot of young pieces that we're asking to do a lot, but we're definitely tracking in the right direction," Francis said. "Hopefully soon those numbers can come to fruition."
The shooting percentage remains a problem this season (Carolina is 21st at 6.9 percent) but goaltender Cam Ward has a .954 save percentage over their past six starts after posting below average numbers for years. But he's had runs like this in the past, and they haven't lasted.
If Ward, 32, can provide the Hurricanes with solid goaltending all season, it would be a game-changer.
"When we play well in front of them and give them structure," Peters said, "he's very good."
There is still work to do, improvements to be made, but the primary ingredients for a turnaround in Carolina are in place. The Hurricanes just need to keep turning their sterling underlying numbers into wins.
EAST LANSING -- Don Cousins trusts God and Michigan State's blockers to protect their son on the football field. They never thought they would have to consider adding an attorney to the lineup. However, that is a possibility amid a televised report by Detroit News columnist Rob Parker, who linked Spartans redshirt-first-year student backup quarterback Kirk Cousins to an off-campus fight that resulted in the hospitalization of an MSU hockey player."There's not a straighter arrow on that team, I can tell you with confidence, than Kirk Cousins," Don Cousins said by phone Tuesday. "It deeply bothers us that someone would be so inaccurate with their reporting and go public with that without even knowing the facts." East Lansing police are investigating an incident that occurred after midnight Oct. 19, just hours after Cousins, a Holland Christian graduate, put on their best performance as a Spartan in a 45-7 loss to Ohio State. According to police, a group of MSU football players allegedly were involved in an altercation that resulted in hockey defenseman A.J. Sturges being treated for two days at Lansing's Sparrow Hospital. In a news segment aired by WDIV-TV in Detroit on Sunday night, Parker said: "A lot of names being mentioned, but the one name being thrown out there big time is backup QB Kirk Cousins ... and uh ... they were a part of the big thing that happened." Don Cousins said their son could not possibly have been involved because they were together the entire time after Kirk fulfilled their postgame responsibilities until the next afternoon. The older Cousins had booked a room at the on-campus Kellogg Center hotel that Saturday night. "Our family stayed in East Lansing after the Ohio State game," Don Cousins said. "We don't typically do that, but we did that week because of the late (3:30 p.m.) start. We stayed at the hotel, went to church with Kirk the following morning and out to lunch that afternoon. "He was with us the whole time." Don Cousins said MSU coach Mark Dantonio brought Parker's report to their attention Monday, and Dantonio didn't hold anything back while defending Kirk during their weekly news conference Tuesday at Spartan Stadium. "I think what's not fair to do is to do what Rob Parker ... from The Detroit News did," Dantonio said. "I don't think I need to spell that name, Rob Parker, who went on TV and they made reference to Kirk Cousins being at the heart of this whole matter, which is totally inaccurate. "I take offense to that, and Cousins' family takes offense to that, and I think that borders on slander. So here's a young man who does everything right, and he's thrown under the bus by somebody who has no credibility in my mind." Parker said on other media that the Cousins report was made on a popular segment that deals with rumor, gossip and innuendo and they were citing information provided to them by three independent, anonymous sources. When reached on the phone by Booth Newspapers on Tuesday, Parker said they had "no comment." Ingham County prosecutor Stuart Dunnings III told the Lansing State Journal that Kirk Cousins' name does not appear in the police report. Don Cousins said they would wait until they discuss the matter with management at the Detroit News and WDIV before deciding what legal options to exercise, if any. "We will try to turn it and use it simply as a platform for the right causes," they said. "We believe God's protective hand is upon Kirk. I think, in this case, God protected us, because even if there's someone who might say, 'You don't know you're son, maybe he's really capable of doing this sort of thing,' I can say, 'No, they were in the hotel room with me.' " Even if Don Cousins had no idea where their son was that night, they said their belief in them would be unshakable. "I would have staked my life on the fact that my son wasn't involved," Don Cousins said. "I know who my son is, and I know what he's about as a person in terms of their academics, in terms of their belief in Jesus Christ and in terms of their life choices. "This is just so ludicrous and so absurd, it's just unbelievable." Dantonio has not identified any of those alleged by police to have been involved, nor will they disclose how they have been disciplined to this point. "We discipline internally, and when things come to a head and (police) make charges and those type of things ... that's when I will talk about things and give names," Dantonio said. "But until then, I will protect our football team, and I think that's the way you would want your family protected, or your children or your brothers." Need a ticket? About 1,000 $46 tickets remain for MSU's game against Wisconsin on Saturday at Spartan Stadium (noon, ESPN). They are available through the ticket office at Jenison Field House, by calling (800) GO-STATE or (517) 355-1610 or online at msuspartans.com. Purdue time set Kickoff for the Nov. 8 home game against Purdue has been set for noon. The game will be televised by the Big Ten Network. Hoops after football Michigan State's annual Green-White men's basketball scrimmage will be at the Breslin Center about 20 minutes after the conclusion of the MSU-Wisconsin football game. Admission is free.
A couple of articles have been written attempting to defend Chinese GDP data. I have received questions about them and think it will be helpful to address these articles. It is interesting to me that articles defending Chinese GDP data spend so little time studying official Chinese GDP data or claim that it is true because it is equal to itself.
The producer's sound library is a sacred place. For some more seasoned producers from the generation before us; this library could include a physical library of vinyl disks, hard drives, floppy disks or memory cards full of artifacts of days spent crate digging for that one break. To a newer producer, a “sound library” can include their essential go-to sounds. Items that can fill in an unfinished idea, the proverbial “in case of emergency, break here” safety blanket of patterns and loops found and programmed over a short time.
Everybody's sound library is unique and everybody creates their own collection of sounds through the sample packs they buy of free download over time from the Internet. The Internet is “the spot” where music producer currently spends 90% of time when it comes to looking for a new sound, sample or patch for their soft sampler. From drum kits to presets for many soft synths, sampled keys, breakbeats and midi files, your library can include a variety sound and file types. Here are some of my tips on building a solid sound library, whether you just opened your DAW for the first time or you're trying to figure out how to revamp your catalog. Many of these tips is for Hip Hop producers, but may apply to others who want to diversify their sound library.
Don't limit yourself to “Producer” or “(music genre)” sound packs.
A critical mistake I see on some producers libraries is a list of folders with some artist names attached and the word “official” to kits that really have nothing to do with the artist at all. For every ten kits like these though there are some gems, like Jake One's SnareJordan kits, which are some of their hand-picked favorite samples out of their drum library used on tracks before. I recommend you to don't spend your money on this kind of drum kits. You can find many such drum kits for free on different websites. Here are some examples: FreeDrumKits.net or check the ProducerSpot's Free Download section for more freebies. The only website with this kind of “Producer Drum Kit” and breaks samples that I can recommend you is HipHopDrumSamples.com, where you can find some “real drum kits” from “real producers” such as Frank Dukes, Butcha, J-Zone, Illmind, Stix, Mike Chav, Havoc and more.
In the video bellow, Jake One, a Grammy nominated producer explain how they started to make beats and how to choose the perfect sample then create a new beat with this.
In their career Jake One released three sample packs available at links listed bellow:
Do not abuse this drum kits! The chances that your “next hit” to resemble and sound very much with other instrumentals from other producers is quite large. To stand out from the box, use the specific one shots samples combined with others and mix them together to create your own drum track.
When you're chopping up samples, listen the song in it's entirety.
I have seen in practice this mistake quite often. Sometimes, some music producers that use the sampling technique find a song and sample just the beginning. I advise you to listen the whole song, maybe a very nice break is hidden at the middle or at end of track.
As I stated above, some of these “Producer packs” are really people just ripping sounds from other songs and doing a little bit of audio makeup to give it a unique appearance. With this knowledge, why not do it yourself?
Remember the break.
An often lost element in many producers sound libraries is a “breaks library”. Not only a break library is critical in your sound arsenal for sampling and chopping, but these breaks existed in one period of time for a reason. The break reminds us of a time where all the extra elements of a song would drop out to revel the bare bones and soul of the track. This is what people used to dance to and it used to drive the clubs into a frenzy. Collecting breaks not only is useful in finding knowledge it's also a direct link back to the classic soul that no is lost in our modern music.
With Abeton 9 introducing the Audio-To-Midi capability as well as various other programs having similar options, like Reason's ReGroove, these breaks can give you an extra human feel to build a solid foundation until you choose to replace it with original sounds of your own. If it doesn't sound good over a break, chances are it doesn't sound that good in the first place.
Field recording is the future.
More and more people are turning to sounds recorded from the real environment. It seems that the wheel spins and soon the world will return to the sounds taken directly from nature. The huge volume of synthesized sounds used in today's music made the originality disappear and more and more songs sound the same. If you already have some experience in sound design you can head to this. With a budget of about $1000 you can set up your “portable studio”. This must include a portable recorder, headphones, some wind-screens filters, stands for microphones or/and the portable recorder, cables .etc. The result of field recording will surprise you and you may find that you are instantly rewarded with original and unique material to add to your personal sound library.
In conclusion, build your own sound library by collecting the perfect breaks from old soul, funk tracks or any kind of genre that inspire you. Browse the Internet for best drum sample packs, presets for your synth, MIDIs and plugins, bring them together and use them combined to create your own style. As a music producer to have your own original style is very important. Most Important! Don't spend your money on garbage drum kits who come with fancy names. Also, if you have financial possibilities point your attention to field recording.
Hope you enjoyed my tips in how to build your own sound library. Your comments are welcome!
[author image=”https://www.producerspot.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/dom-mclennon-author.jpg” ] Dom McLennon – US, 21 year old musician and member of the AliveSinceForever, creative collective. Experience in projects regarding recording, producing, directing, as well as many other skills in the group and beyond.[/author]
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 4, 2017, 5:17 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 4, 2017, 5:17 PM GMT By Keri Geiger and Tom Winter
Special Counsel Robert Mueller has tapped multiple grand juries, including juries in Washington and Virginia, in an effort to gather evidence in the ongoing federal investigation into Russia's meddling in the U.S. presidential election, three sources familiar with the matter told NBC News.
The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that Mueller had impanelled a separate grand jury in Washington, but sources familiar with the matter say that Mueller is using existing grand juries in both Washington and Virginia.
Mueller was appointed the special counsel by the Justice Department in May to investigate links between President Donald Trump's presidential campaign and Russia. Mueller led the FBI for 12 years under presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.  They are second only to J. Edgar Hoover for longest tenure for an FBI chief.
The use of a grand jury is part of the normal process of a complex investigation and it is a tool not just for hearing testimony but for learning about and obtaining records from individuals or companies. It is a powerful tool prosecutors can use to seek indictments and subpoenas, and may be a signal Mueller's work is far from over.
Related: Flynn, Manafort Are Key Figures In Mueller Russia Investigation
As NBC News has previously reported, the FBI, with the help of the Treasury Department, the CIA and other agencies, is examining evidence of possible contacts, money transfers and business relationships between a variety of Trump associates and Russian officials, the sources say
Records related to business transactions for former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn are among the documents that have been subpoenaed through the grand jury process.
Related: Trump Mocks Investigations: 'Are There Any Russians Here Tonight?'
Law enforcement officials tell NBC News that both Flynn and Manafort are formally considered "subjects" of a criminal investigation, though their lawyers say they have done nothing wrong. A "subject" is someone whose conduct is being examined by the investigation, and may be suspected of a crime. So far, no public evidence has surfaced linking Flynn and Manafort to the Russian interference effort.
Is China's Astronauts Moonbound
by Morris Jones
Sydney, Australia (SPX) Jul 01, 2014
China has made tremendous progress with its lunar exploration program. It has sent two spacecraft to orbit the Moon and has also landed a robot rover on the surface. Later this year, we expect China to take another step forward with its next robotic lunar mission.
For the first time, a Chinese spacecraft will make a round trip. The spacecraft will be launched on a "free return trajectory" which will carry it around the far side of the Moon and back to Earth. As it approaches home, a capsule will separate and parachute to the ground.
The most immediate purpose of this mission is to test gear designed for a future robot lunar mission. China has plans to land a robot on the Moon to retrieve rock and soil samples. These will be loaded aboard a small rocket, which will carry them into lunar orbit.
The samples will be transferred to another spacecraft in lunar orbit, which will then fly them back to China. The capsule to be used on this upcoming mission is a prototype of the design planned for this sample-return mission.
We have been expecting this mission for some time, even though details were somewhat sketchy. It makes sense for the equipment slated for the complex sample-return mission to be tested under actual flight conditions. But photography of the capsule released by the Chinese has hinted at another agenda.
China could be practicing for a mission to launch an astronaut to the Moon and back. The astronaut would also fly a "free-return trajectory" around the far side of the Moon, and would not land there. If China carries out such a mission, it would send a Chinese astronaut further into space than any previous mission. Assuming that it happens before a private circumlunar mission is launched by a US-Russian space partnership, it would also mark the first return of any human to the Moon in more than four decades.
China has given no official word of such a plan, but this is no reason to dismiss the idea. China has always been secretive about its space plans, and seems to be growing even more secretive under its new media censorship policies. Let's not forget that the very existence of its Shenzhou human spacecraft program was a closely guarded secret for years before its first test launch in 1999.
The creation of this test mission was never previously mentioned in the three-stage lunar mission plan that China announced many years ago. We knew of plans to orbit the Moon, land a rover and then send a sample-return mission. We later discovered that there would be two missions of each type. Later, we were told that the sample-return mission would involve a docking with an orbiter in lunar orbit. But the plans for an intermediate circumlunar mission were announced somewhat late, and the mission doesn't even seem to have an official name.
All other lunar missions have been labelled as "Chang'e" flights, with Chang'e-1 and Chang'e-2 representing China's first lunar orbiters, and Chang'e-3 as the first lander. Chang'e-4 is the next robot lander with a rover.
The strange and somewhat veiled publicity surrounding this mission is suspicious, and suggests that it isn't as neatly stovepiped into the robot lunar exploration program as we previously suspected. Another branch of the space program is also involved, and that's probably the astronaut program.
But wait. Plenty of robot spacecraft send capsules back to Earth. They have no connection to human spaceflight. Why should this be any different?
Photography released by China shows that the capsule is a highly accurate copy of the bell-shaped Shenzhou descent module, the very module used to carry Chinese astronauts to Earth. It is much smaller, so small that it would be unsuitable for launching even a single astronaut, but the design is accurate. There are some practical reasons for using this type of bell-shaped system.
It's very stable, has a good interior volume distribution and its engineering properties are well known. Using a bell-shaped module makes sense, but there was no need to reproduce so many exact design elements of the Shenzhou module.
The curious way that this mission has been shoe-horned into a mission schedule that previously did not include it is thought-provoking. The low-key discussions and lack of an official name, or even an official "Chang'e" designation, is also odd. The fact that a scale model of a Shenzhou astronaut capsule is being sent to the Moon and back is too much of a smoking gun to be ignored.
China is clearly doing the groundwork for a future Chinese circumlunar astronaut mission. We don't know when it could happen, but it is realistic to assume that China could carry out such a flight within a decade. Never mind the lack of an official plan. We don't know if this has been planned for years, or if the relatively new Chinese leader Xi Jinping ordered the mission in recent times. Whatever the case, we should remain alert for this upcoming mission. China's lunar plans are more ambitious than the world at large knows.
Dr Morris Jones is an Australian space analyst who has written for spacedaily.com since 1999. Email morrisjonesNOSPAMhotmail.com. Replace NOSPAM with @ to send email. Dr Jones will answer media inquiries.
When we made the decision to pay for my son's college education many years ago, we never expected the price of tuition to almost double just as they entered the University of California. To top it all off, the timing of their first-year student year followed a decade of lackluster growth in their college fund. We are not alone as parents everywhere are struggling to help their children walk across the stage in the cap and gown to gain a coveted college diploma. Parents may have socked away funds to pay for tuition and books, but with costs rising there is simply less money to spend on all the other expenses associated with being a student.
Because of the poor economy, students now have more of a burden to help pay for their own college expenses. No one wants to rack up huge student loan debt to pay for it all, but nearly two-thirds of undergraduates take out student loans, and college seniors are graduating with an average loan balance close to $24,000. It is daunting to finish college with high student loan balances and large monthly payments, and it sure takes the excitement out of graduating when you start making those payments, usually within the next six to nine months.
College students need to manage their money differently today than they have in the past. I was reminded of that the other day when I saw an ad with a college graduation photo of a student who obviously had a skier's tan with huge pale eyes in the outline of goggles. The caption said, “Congratulations on your eight year college experience.” I smiled but cringed at the thought of my son doing that! The days of lingering at college and wasting money are over. Students today need to embrace the “starving student” mentality not just to help their parents pay for the COST of going to college—and thus reduce the amount of loans needed—but also to help themselves learn solid money lessons that will serve them well later in life.
Managing cash well is not only a good habit to learn but it also contributes to future financial success. In our research, we have seen a high correlation between employees who know they are on track for retirement and day-to-day money management skills. In the landmark book The Millionaire Next Door, Thomas Stanley and William Danko found that one of the common denominators among people who become wealthy is to live below their means. The millionaires in their study saved a much higher percentage of their income than the 10% that financial planners typically suggest as a rule of thumb. They also exhibited traits of being frugal throughout their lives. Now might be a good time for students to start.
Struggling through college, taking on greater financial responsibility to reduce expenses, and learning to live on less, could actually make the poor economy a lifelong benefit for today's students. Students who master managing their cash flow will not only receive their diploma for intellectual excellence, but will graduate with practical life experience and a financial acumen that will give them a great start in life.
There are many ways students can cut costs—some more drastic than others—but the bottom line is students do waste a lot of money. Those wasted dollars could certainly be put to better use.
Here are 10 Things College Students Waste Money on:
Textbooks – Buying new textbooks from the campus bookstore is expensive. Years ago the alternative was “off campus” bookstores, but now students can buy and sell textbooks online through retailers such as Barnes and Noble, or on websites such as Amazon.com and SlugBooks. SlugBooks even allows you to search for your school, class, and professor, and it compares prices from the bookstore, Amazon.com, and Half.com. They also have an option to rent books at a fraction of the cost to buy. For example, in the UCLA bookstore you can purchase a brand-new copy of A First Course in Probability by Sheldon Ross for $137, or rent the same book for $47. Students who average 4 classes per semester and only have two books per class could save $5,760 over four years on textbooks.
Tuition – For the 2010-11 school year, the average cost of tuition and fees for a public college was just over $7,600, and for a private college was over $27,000. Parents are feeling the pain as tuition has risen on average about 5.6% a year since 2000, and with many state budgets in fiscal crisis, future increases could be even higher. Unless you get a full scholarship, paying tuition is unavoidable if you want to graduate from college. To minimize the cost of tuition, high school students can take advanced placement (AP) classes or take classes at the local community college and get some of the core classes out of the way. Students at 4-year colleges may want to take lower division classes at summer school or over a winter break at a local community college and transfer the units.
Students who enter college with 15 transferable units (at $300 per unit) from a community college or AP classes just saved themselves $4,500.
Automobiles – Sell your car or don't bring it to school. Owning a car means a lot more than putting gas in the tank; there is the maintenance, insurance, and parking to consider. According to a calculator on Edmunds.com, the true cost to own a Ford Focus for a 5 year period is not just the $15,000 price to buy the car, but another $21,700 to operate it. (Click here for the calculator.) Insurance is still high for the 18 – 25 age groups, even with a good student discount. Choose a college where you don't need a vehicle, and if you want to come home to visit your family and friends, put a sign up for ridesharing. Those students with cars are starving and they need the gas money. Pitch in and make some new friends.
Students that bike, walk, or use local (usually subsidized) transportation can save about $20,000 during their four years of college.
Housing – You have to live somewhere but how you go about it can make a huge difference to your bottom line in college. Many college students want their own room after being crammed in a room in the dorm with someone they have never met before. They long for some privacy and peace and quiet but when it comes down to it, rent is one of the highest expenses in college. Investors love to buy rentals in college towns and sign the students up for annual leases so they have to pay all summer even if they are going home! Frugal college students who double up and share rooms all through college can save a small fortune. They do have to trade off the peace and quiet and privacy. No one said it would be easy.
You may be able to get a two-bedroom apartment in Austin, TX, for $1,000. Share it with someone else and that's $500 each, but share it with three others and that cuts the housing cost down to $250 per month saving $12,000 during the four years of college.
School supplies – These may seem minor, and of course you need school supplies, but if you can get them for free then it is certainly a waste to buy them. At the beginning of each new school year (and usually following a semester break) the bookstore and campus organizations often have “welcome” or “welcome back” events where they give away free or greatly reduced stuff. Students can stock up on free notebooks, pens and pencils, and sometimes (I have heard) free pizza to top off the incredibly great deal.
Welcome back events take 20 minutes of your time every semester but save you about $40 (including the pizza) which could save you $320 over four years.
Food – Innovative and socially active students may be able to get a free lunch by joining on-campus clubs and organizations. Clubs that meet during the lunch hour often have a full lunch available for the attendees. (Depending on how active you are, you might get a free lunch every single day of the week!) For the average student, going to an organization meeting once a week could save as much as $40 a month in food. You can also volunteer for alumni association events or become a student ambassador and attend evening events and mixers – the spread of food at these events is incredible and usually plentiful. Attend an event once a month to represent your school, network, and meet people in the community (who may become your next boss) and also eat for free.
Being a student ambassador (or something to the effect) and joining an organization with lunch meetings could save you about $2,500 over your college career.
Socializing – I know you were expecting me to say “beer” and I hate to disappoint so I'll say “beer.” It is more than that! Socializing is not a waste of money, but excessive expenses associated with socializing can be. If you go Greek and join a fraternity or sorority, do you have to go to every single formal? Seriously? College students have plenty of opportunities to take advantage of on-campus subsidized activities such as athletic events which are often free with a student ID card. That way they can enjoy the campus experience without shelling out the big bucks.
Spend your Saturday at the college football or basketball game with free admission, or consider using the campus recreation or activities center for subsidized outdoor adventures such as skiing or rafting. This one is difficult to quantify so I won't try, but you get the picture.
Applying for Credit – The average college student graduates with $4,100 in credit card debt. Resist the temptation to apply for credit, and instead use a debit card or simply a cash system instead of buying things you don't need with money you don't have.
Savings by not having a credit card and racking up debt at high interest rates: $4,100.
Skipping the Deals – College students have it made when it comes to discounts! From discounts for cell phone service to discounts for computers, savvy students should take advantage of them. Be careful not to buy simply to get a discount, but if you are going to make a purchase anyway, use the student discount. An article that highlights 81 student discounts can be found here.
When you add it up, it is really amazing how you can take a tight college student budget and really squeeze out some extra dollars:
Textbooks ................... $5,760
Cheap units................. $4,500
Not having a car........... $20,000
Sharing a room............. $12,000
School supplies ........... $320
Food............................ $2,500
Socializing.................... hard to quantify
Credit cards................. $4,100
Missing deals............... hard to quantify
Total money saved: $49,180
Most college students can save money by avoiding at least one of these money wasters. Considering the impact that could be made with a concerted effort in being frugal, it seems like the first class they should sign up for is one on managing personal finances. In fact, that class should be required for all lower classmen. The good news is students don't have to live ten guys to a room or never leave the library to save money. With a little forethought and maybe a little sacrifice, the “starving student” may just end up being the millionaire of tomorrow.
Nancy L. Anderson, CFP ® is the Think Tank Director and Resident Financial Planner at Financial Finesse, the leading provider of unbiased financial education for employers nationwide, delivered by on-staff Certified Financial Planner™ professionals. For additional financial tips and insights, follow Financial Finesse on Twitter and become a fan on Facebook.
breasts ; although some may find it uncomfortable to refer to men having breasts, there are two key differences which set them apart. Women's breasts are noticeably larger and they produce milk. That's it. So why are they so fascinating? Why are they the epitome of sexuality in our society?
Recently a woman from Texas, Ashley Clawson, was told to leave Victoria's Secret and head down an alley beside the store so that nobody would see their breastfeed. Ms Clawson was obviously shocked, as you'd think a store that sells bras would be accommodating towards a woman wanting to use their breasts to feed their hungry child. You know, instead of dressing them up in lacy pieces of material for visual pleasure.
This hyper sexualisation of breasts has ostracised many women and caused some mothers to re-think breastfeeding altogether, not just breastfeeding in public. There are many instances when nursing mothers have had to leave an area because others have complained about showing their breasts in public. In a Bundestag session in Germany, a breastfeeding member of a party had to leave after members of the Christian Democratic Union complained that they felt disturbed by them
Centuries ago, breasts were a common sight in Europe. They were the subject of many paintings by talented artists, and depicted a mother nursing their child. Images such as these get fewer and fewer the closer you get to the 21st century. Nowadays, where are you likely to see a breast? In lads' magazines such as ‘Nuts' or ‘Zoo' whose sites offer ‘hot topless girls‘, in pornography, on a nudist beach or in your imagination as most women cover up their breasts when walking about. Is this really a more positive view of breasts? The fact that they are always covered creates mystery, sexuality and curiosity. It's ironic but covering breasts up has done more to sexualise them than having everything hang low sweet chariot.
A case could be made that through the rise of bottles and formula, fewer women breastfed and marketing campaigns led to even more people using formula instead. This in turn resulted in fewer paintings or pictures of women breastfeeding, and in comes the lads' magazines and the page 3 girls, allowing anyone who sees them to happily forget the primary function of breasts and focus solely on the sexual one. This scenario could make any woman considering breastfeeding in public nervous because their breast would be exposed, causing anyone to view it to see it in a sexual way.
Our culture is bombarded with images of breasts as sexual objects , so we can barely catch a glimpse of side boob without thinking it's sexual. I remember visiting my aunts' house when I was a young girl for an after-christening party. All of my aunts and my mom went into one of the bedrooms at one point during the party and being curious, I followed and knocked on the door continuously until they let me in. I walked about the room not spotting anything out of place until I noticed my aunt on a corner of the bed with a baby up to their chest. I didn't know what it was at the time, but I realised later on that they were breastfeeding. Now as I look back I realise that my aunt had to go to their bedroom in their own home during a party celebrating the baptism of their child and breastfed them through a locked door.
The stigmatisation of breast-feeding that results from sexualisation of breasts has caused widespread discomfort for nursing mothers. In 2006, the editors of US Babytalk magazine received many complaints from readers after the cover of an issue showed a baby nursing at a bare breast. Even though the model's nipple was not shown, readers wrote that the image was ‘gross'. This is from a magazine called ‘BABYTALK'. Seriously.
editor Susan Kane commented, “There's a huge puritanical streak in Americans.” In a 2004 survey conducted by the American Dietetic Association, only 43% of the 3,719 respondents believed women ought to have the right to breast-feed in public.
Indeed, another UK magazine called Mother & Baby came under fire when the deputy editor, Kathryn Blundell, told readers that they bottle fed their baby because, ‘I wanted my body back and to give my boobs at least a chance to stay on my chest rather than dangling around my stomach. They're part of my sexuality too, not just breasts but fun bags, and when you have that attitude, seeing your teeny, tiny, innocent baby latching on where only a lover has been before feels, well, a little creepy.' The anti-breastfeeding overtone of their words resulted in six complaints to the British Press Complaints Commission and prompted a heated debate, but Blundell also received support for their comments.
Many cultures consider women who expose their nipples as immodest and contrary to social norms. In many places a woman can be socially or officially harassed for indecent exposure, public indecency or disorderly conduct. Even social networking sites such as Facebook remove images of breasts and breastfeeding because they are ‘obscene'. Although other cultures accept toplessness as the norm, notably Native Americans, the Dayek, Javanese, and the Balinese people of Indonesia before contact with the West and the introduction of Islam.
Check out the picture below. They're just breasts. They're so similar looking if you stare at them long enough you start to wonder what the big deal is!
Topfreedom is a cultural and political movement whose objective is to advance gender equality by recognising that women have the right to be bare chested in public the same way men can. Women get together on August 24th each year to protest this, and people in cities all around the world participate to show solidarity.
Fetishes are created by selectively hiding and revealing, making that which is hidden enticing. Both men and women become intrigued. There are many things you can find attractive in a person, like their eyes, their neck or their muscles, but men in general seem to have lifelong membership to the boob appreciation club. Like it or not, breasts are a widespread fetish.
Taking nudist colonies for instance; they spend the majority of their time naked but they don't link nudity to sex the way we as a culture do. I think there would be a great deal of benefits for society if public toplessness for women was accepted. These include an increase in equality by not sexualising women's bodies, an increase in positive body image because bodies would be normalised, less objectification over time and reduction in the sexualisation power of the media.
If women could choose whether or not to show their breasts in the same context men could, then perhaps over time we as a culture could become desensitised to the idea of breasts being sexual. We can't know for sure but fair play to Topfreedom and topless women all over the world for trying to bring about some change.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Three people are dead and two others are injured after three separate shootings within the span of an hour Sunday morning, and the Los Angeles Police Department says the attacks may be related.
LAPD Officer Liliana Preciado says a 20-year-old woman died in the first shooting at 5:50 a.m., in the San Fernando Valley.
Two others were injured.
Forty-five minutes later, LAPD responded to a call in Sylmar and found a man dead at the scene.
Ten minutes later, a third woman was shot in the head and died.
Preciado says one of the victims had special needs and was possibly autistic.
The suspect's vehicle is described as a tan or light-colored SUV with tinted windows.
Police believe the shootings may be related.
(Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A bombshell from NPR's Nina Totenberg:
Attorney General Eric Holder -- "horrified" by allegations of prosecutorial misconduct in the corruption conviction of former Sen. Ted Stevens -- will instruct deputies to withdraw the indictment against the Alaska Republican today, effectively voiding the conviction that cost Stevens their job.
Holder is said to have decided late Tuesday to pull the plug. Stevens lawyers are expected to be informed Wednesday morning that the department will dismiss the indictment against the former senator.
Holder's decision is said to be based on Stevens age, he's 84; and because Stevens is no longer in the Senate. Perhaps most importantly, Justice Department officials say Holder wants to send a message to prosecutors throughout the department that actions they regard as misconduct will not be tolerated.
Holder began their career in the office of public integrity; and according to sources, they were horrified by the failure of prosecutors to turn over all relevant materials to the defense.
The attorney general also knows the trial judge, Emmett Sullivan, well. The two men served together as Superior Court judges before each was promoted to higher office. Holder respects Sullivan and reportedly has watched with growing alarm as Sullivan repeatedly has scolded prosecutors for failing to follow their judicial orders to fully inform defense lawyers...
Justice Department officials say they will withdraw their opposition to the defense motion for a new trial and will dismiss the indictment — in effect ,voiding the Stevens conviction.
Long after they have helped them, the teenagers and the elder adults who want to take their lives tend to linger in the mind of Los Angeles Sheriff Deputy Rene Gonzalez.
After he's able to link them to services, the 10-year veteran of the department rarely sees them again. Yet, they often wonder what happens to them.
“I wanted something different,” Gonzalez said of why they asked to be moved from patrol to the LASD's Mental Evaluation Team. “It's very different. I'm different because of it. I want to help people, but we can only do so much.”
When they signed up to join the Mental Evaluation Team more than a year ago, they wanted to learn more about spotting the signs of mental illness. It's a new tool they appreciate, they said, to minimize confrontations and to help link people to services. But there's always more to learn, they acknowledged.
On any given day, they and other members of the MET units could be called anywhere across Los Angeles County, at all hours. They could be pulled into the West Hollywood station, to help calm down an inmate in the jails during a psychotic episode. They could be called to Temple City, where a young woman has threatened suicide. They are spat on and cursed with racial slurs. But the deputies' job is to be calm, to be unoffended, to understand when to step back and let a mental health specialist step in, or another deputy that has more rapport with a person.
“In the Antelope Valley, I've seen 7th-graders who are suicidal, because of something posted on social media,” they said. “They're depressed because they're bullied and that's the frustrating thing. On social media kids are so cruel that other kids want to take their own life. That's hard to see.”
He's also seen how loneliness and abandonment affects older adults.
“I once went all the way to Avalon, to help an elderly woman who was very depressed, and suicidal” Gonzalez said. “It's tough and sad,” they said.
But it's a growing reality for an undermanned sheriff's department, its deputies struggling to work their beats in the face of an increasing number of mental health calls for service. At the same time, law enforcement officers find themselves in an ever more crucial role in the broad, network of care for people in need of mental health services.
From 2010 to 2015, calls for service to the LASD involving mental health issues increased from 11,660 calls in 2010 to 18,061 calls or a 55 percent increase.
In the 2015/2016 fiscal, members of MET placed 3,768 on psychiatric holds. That increased by almost 14 percent in the last fiscal year, to 4,515 holds.
The need for more teams has become the focus of activists, a Sheriff's civilian oversight committee and members of the Board of Supervisors. In the last year especially, some actions have been taken to expand the teams and the services they need.
Next spring, there will be 23 Mental Health Evaluation teams — a complement of social workers and clinicians with the Los Angeles County Department of Mental Health that accompany law enforcement personnel on calls.
In the case of the elderly woman, a MET team brought them to a hospital by boat. But seeing them was unsettling, Gonzalez admitted.
‘At their worst'
MET teams often patrol an area of more than 4,700 square miles. On a recent morning, Gonzalez began at the South El Monte Sheriff's Patrol Station to fill in for another MET unit that had been called to help with an inmate at Men's Central Jail, in downtown Los Angeles.
Gonzalez had no mental health professional with him, when they responded to a scene in Norwalk, where a 34-year-old man had locked themselves in their truck. The man had used a baseball bat to smash the windows of their neighbor's home, then the headlights and taillights of their own spray-painted black truck before speeding away. Their mother called 911, and told them their son had been diagnosed as bipolar, and they had not taken their meds in a while.
Another lone deputy had been able to cuff the man, and put them in their patrol SUV. But deputies decided they needed to be placed in a special patrol car and taken to a psychiatric hospital. As they worked to transfer the man from one car to another, they body slammed Gonzalez and other deputies, then tried to break the patrol car's passenger window with their head. They squirmed and cursed as deputies held them still. More deputies arrived along with the fire department and paramedics.
“Why's this happening!” they shouted into the asphalt. “What did I do?! Mom! Mom!”
Their mother, 54, watched as deputies later strapped their agitated son to a stretcher to be taken to a hospital.
“He had a job, they brought us Christmas presents,” their mother said as they wiped away a tear.
“I didn't want them to hurt anyone,” they added.
“We see them at their worst,” Sgt. Annadennise Briz, said of the sons and daughters, mothers and fathers who break down, become violent, or whose moods either dip or escalate because they stop taking medication, or else they medicate with street drugs.
Briz, who oversees the MET teams in the San Gabriel Valley, had first been a social worker, joined the Sheriff's Department specifically so they could work with people who display signs of mental illness.
“It's very near and dear to my heart,” they said. “I was always dealing with a crisis. I believe in (the work). I see the efforts of how law enforcement is changing the stigma.”
One of the misconceptions people have about the program is that MET members only work with homeless people who have mental illness. Though Briz said it's true, many homeless people have mental health needs, they said families suffer.
“It's a societal problem,” Briz said of the stigma that exists, of the shame families feel, and the lack of services and help. “It's very sad. It's always a lot of types.”
But the members of MET still work to link those they meet with as many services as they can.
“We're not just patting them on the hand and making like we want to help,” said Sanjay Shah, a social worker and supervisor with the county's Department of Mental Health. “We want to implement services.”
Others see the need
But the system designed to treat people is still ill-equipped to work with them. County officials say there aren't enough beds to help people referred by MET, nor enough teams. And critics contend that law enforcement personnel need more training to deal with such situations. California law requires each law enforcement officer receive 15 hours of training. In Philadelphia, officers receive 40 hours.
Ultimately, without enough beds in county hospitals or clinics, jails become a de-facto treatment center for those diagnosed with a mental illness.
In 2010, inmates with mental illness in the county jails totaled 2,475. As of 2016 that number more than doubled and exceeded 4,000, according to the Sheriff's Department.
Other police agencies have seen the need for similar teams.
• In Orange County, a 2015 grand jury report examined the Sheriff's Department there and found that at any given time, at least 20 percent of inmates were diagnosed with a mental illness. The report concluded the department would benefit if deputies each received 40 hours of crisis training. The department responded by saying 40 hours was too much.
Instead, the department expanded two different units, including their Crisis Assessment Team or CAT, which provides 24-hour mobile response services to adults with a psychiatric emergency, Landquist said. The Psychiatric Evaluation and Response Team, or PERT units, include a behavioral health clinician who rides along with a police officer to provide a prompt response to individuals in need, said Tricia Landquist, a spokesperson for the Orange County Health Care Agency.
• The Pasadena Police Department began utilizing one team, known as HOPE in 2002 to reach out to people who are homeless, said Lt. Mark Goodman. Since then, two more teams were added and a recent grant will help pay for more training and teams, they added.
But it's the Los Angeles Police Department's SMART units that have emerged as a model replicated by other law enforcement agencies.
The LAPD deploys 17 teams per day, 7-days per week, said the agency's spokesperson Josh Rubenstein. In August, 72 percent of the persons placed on mental health holds by LAPD SMART were placed in private facilities, which means there was less recidivism, Rubenstein added.
In the department's recent use-of-force report, four of the 41 total suspects, or 10 percent, were perceived to be experiencing a mental health crisis. This accounted for a 21 percent decrease compared to 31 percent in 2015.
But in vast Los Angeles County, the funding can't catch up with the growing need. A recent report by the newly formed Los Angeles County Sheriff's Civilian oversight Commission praised the potential of such teams and efforts made, but also expressed concern with the county's jail population. Nearly a third of all inmates are diagnosed with symptoms related to mental illness.
“Although the current expansion plan's proposed 23 teams may be a start, significantly more, 40 to 80 may be ideal and even necessary in the future to ensure effective coverage of Los Angeles County and to be adequate for use as a de-escalation tactic and diversion to resources accompanying first responders,” according to the report.
Stakes are high
There is an increased public outcry over officer- and deputy-involved shootings and use of force, especially when incidents involve people diagnosed with schizophrenia, for example. The consequences of not knowing how to interact with someone whose words or actions seem threatening can be deadly -and costly.
• In 2012, a woman diagnosed with schizophrenia named Jazmyne Eng, of Rosemead, was shot and killed by deputies when they found them wielding a hammer in the lobby of the Asian Pacific Family Center. The 40-year-old woman's family was awarded a $1.8 million dollar wrongful death settlement.
• In April, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors awarded a family $3.3 million to settle a lawsuit brought by the family of a 31-year-old Lakewood man who was fatally shot by sheriff's deputies in 2015 in front of their home. In a memorandum released last year by the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office, LASD deputies said John Berry became combative and could not be subdued with pepper spray or a Taser. They said they used their car as a weapon by ramming a patrol vehicle while in reverse, pinning a deputy. Deputies' fired 31 rounds toward Berry, according to the district attorney's report.
Christopher Berry told reporters their brother had not accelerated and crashed into the police car. The district attorney's report said Christopher Berry had contacted a MET team, but they did not respond when the team called him, according to the report.
None of the officers were charged in the shooting.
• This year, Dennis Todd Rogers was killed by officers in the parking lot of 24-hour fitness in Ladera Heights. Rogers reportedly had become agitated when they were told to leave by the gym's manager. Deputies called MET, according to reports, but the team wasn't immediately available. In July, the family filed a wrongful death lawsuit.
Those kinds of confrontations are why organizations such as the National Alliance of Mental Illness have called for more such MET teams, said Brittney Weissman, executive director of NAMI's Los Angeles County Council. “We want to prevent 5150s from going bad.”
“I believe in (the work). I see the efforts of how law enforcement is changing the stigma.” — Sgt. Annadennise Briz, L.A. County Sheriff's Department
The onus to help people in need of mental health services should not fall squarely on law enforcement, Weissman added, because they are there to provide public safety.
“We need everyone, the entire system and public to participate in helping our fellow community members out,” Weissman said. “We need family member engagement, school personnel engagement, law enforcement, department of mental health outreach teams, mental heath providers and street outreach workers, etc. We can all play a role in helping people to the support they need to feel better in life.”
Such teams are in demand at police departments across California and nationwide, said Toby Ewing, the executive director of the Mental Health Services Oversight and Accountability Commission. The commission develops strategies to help people overcome stigma but also advises the governor and legislator on mental health policy.
“In working with counties, we began to hear more concerns within the law enforcement community and mental health community that there is more work to be done,” Ewing said. “There's been increased efforts in California and nationally as well. The time is right.”
Love's dismantling of too-familiar tropes—the awkward nice guy, the quirky wild child—is part of what makes the series appealing. It's engrossing, too, because it's funny and uncomfortable—though in a sad rather than cringeworthy way, which makes it something of a departure from the Apatow oeuvre. (Any assessment of Love's merits also requires a mention of the stellar, scene-stealing work by Claudia O'Doherty and Iris Apatow, in particular.)
Apatow has tackled dark subject matter before, and he's done so successfully. But where he's faltered, it's sometimes been because the format he's working in rewards optimism rather than realism. The Hollywood happy ending. Improbably sunny conclusions that can be either reassuring or maddening, depending on your outlook. Love isn't like that. Working within the structure of a 10-episode series allows Apatow to explore the real dynamics of a relationship between people who are flawed, and who possibly have no business being together. As it progresses, Gus's niceness becomes increasingly more questionable. In this, the show's messiness, its relative non-conformity, doesn't just make Love interesting—they make the rest of Apatow's work more interesting, too.
The moments that ring true in Apatow's writing are often searing, and that's probably because they frequently tell stories loosely based on their actual relationship with their wife, Leslie Mann, who also stars in several of their films. (Similarly, Arfin says Mickey and Gus are based on versions of them and Rust.) But authentic character development, especially for Apatow's nice guys, has historically been sacrificed for laughs and happily-ever-afters. How “happy” this afters are, however, is a matter of debate.
“[Apatow's] movies—and their life—are about more than winning the girl. They're about how you become a good person,” Amy Nicholson wrote in The Village Voice last May. Apatow has said that he's interested in exploring the worst sides of people, but, as Nicholson points out, that usually means rooting for the best of them to prevail. “Apatow's insistence that everyone has feelings and no one is a villain is quietly revolutionary,” they wrote, “especially given that they won't paste on false happy endings. As [Katherine] Heigl says in Knocked Up, ‘Just because we're two nice people don't mean we should stay together.'”
Maybe, in that movie, Rogen's laidback stoner and Heigl's uptight E! presenter don't end up happy together. This is closer to the premise of Love, which as a series gives its creators enough creative breathing room to really explore a question that can't be resolved in two hours. (To a fault, several critics have complained, saying the pace drags, though I disagree.) “I think the basic instinct was, ‘What if Knocked Up was a TV series?' What if you could just show the next day and the next day and how that relationship played out?” Apatow told Indiewire.
The Limits of Meritocracy: Screening Bureaucrats Under Imperfect Verifiability
NBER Working Paper No. 21963
Issued in February 2016, Revised in February 2016
NBER Program(s):Development Economics, Labor Studies, Public Economics, Political Economy
Does bureaucratic ability predict promotion in governments? We show that self-reported performance in enforcing the One Child Policy predicts mayoral promotion in China. However, misreporting handicaps screening—a non-manipulated performance measure does not predict promotion. We show that this is consistent with a model where a government has a meritocratic objective but underestimates the imperfect verifiability of performance, rather than a model where a government is only interested in the illusion of meritocracy. Thus, despite meritocratic intentions, we challenge the notion that a successful promotion system effectively substituted for democratic institutions in explaining Chinese growth.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w21963
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
SenorChang Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Australia 4438 Posts Last Edited: 2011-05-04 09:21:06 #2 The Grand Champion wins 137 640 USD by the current exchange! (Google exhange rate calculator)
Its actually less, not the total 148million :p 100million for the winnner which is less than 100,000 USD~
Been waiting for this, really want to see some Code A players vs Code S and see who comes out on top because Code A is quite powerful too!
+ Show Spoiler + Winner: 100,000,000 KRW (aprox. $85,700 USD)
Runner-Up: 30,000,000 KRW (aprox. $25,700 USD)
Semi-Finalists: 10,000,000 KRW (aprox. $8,600 USD)
Quarter-Finalists: 4,000,000 KRW (aprox. $3,400 USD)
Round of 16: 2,000,000 KRW (aprox. $1710 USD)
Round of 32: 500,000 KRW (aprox. $430 USD)
Round of 64: 300,000 KRW (aprox. $260 USD)
^ Prize money looks same as previous open seasons for the top end and slightly more for the bottom end. (currency translations are probably incorrect I didn't bother readjusting them but should give a rough estimate anyway).
Its actually less, not the total 148million :p 100million for the winnner which is less than 100,000 USD~Been waiting for this, really want to see some Code A players vs Code S and see who comes out on top because Code A is quite powerful too!^ Prize money looks same as previous open seasons for the top end and slightly more for the bottom end. (currency translations are probably incorrect I didn't bother readjusting them but should give a rough estimate anyway). ლ(╹◡╹ლ)
Gezuz Profile Joined November 2010 Sweden 306 Posts #3 Holy moly 137k dollars !
Also which month is this tourny ? And as i understand It's for all Code A and Code S players so Jinro and HuK will definetly be in this i hope
DisaFear Profile Blog Joined September 2010 Australia 4032 Posts #4
This tourney will determine material That's a lot of cash manThis tourney will determine material How devious | http://anartisticanswer.blogspot.com.au/
SmoKim Profile Joined March 2010 Denmark 9999 Posts #5 holy shit that's alot of money ! "LOL I have 202 supply right now (3 minutes later)..."LOL NOW I HAVE 220 SUPPLY SUP?!?!?" - Mondragon
dc302 Profile Joined December 2010 Australia 575 Posts #6 Sounds like it's gonna be amazing! Can't wait! ...
BLinD-RawR Profile Blog Joined April 2010 ALLEYCAT BLUES 43990 Posts Last Edited: 2011-05-04 09:17:43 #7 its the same amount of cash from the open seasons.
oh wait,its more. Moderator Woo Jung Ho, never forget.| Twitter: @BLinDRawR
SweetAs Profile Blog Joined April 2011 New Zealand 290 Posts #8 So it's the top 32 Code S and the top 32 Code A? Niceeeeeeee CJ.sAviOr : oGsjookTo : mTwDIMAGA
Hypemeup Profile Joined February 2011 Sweden 2782 Posts #9 I hope this will show which of the code S players really are Code S material.
susySquark Profile Blog Joined May 2010 United States 1509 Posts #10
Google says: 1e+08 South Korean won = 93049.2000 US dollars
Did you convert the total prize pool instead of first? Did you convert the total prize pool instead of first?
dc302 Profile Joined December 2010 Australia 575 Posts #11 On May 04 2011 18:18 SweetAs wrote:
So it's the top 32 Code S and the top 32 Code A? Niceeeeeeee
Not sure about that, they said the top 64 ranked players in terms of the previous GSLs, so I thikn there may be some that are not currently in any code but will make it in (eg. leenock? etc..) Not sure about that, they said the top 64 ranked players in terms of the previous GSLs, so I thikn there may be some that are not currently in any code but will make it in (eg. leenock? etc..) ...
SenorChang Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Australia 4438 Posts Last Edited: 2011-05-04 09:24:38 #12
On May 04 2011 18:21 dc302 wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 04 2011 18:18 SweetAs wrote:
So it's the top 32 Code S and the top 32 Code A? Niceeeeeeee
Not sure about that, they said the top 64 ranked players in terms of the previous GSLs, so I thikn there may be some that are not currently in any code but will make it in (eg. leenock? etc..) Not sure about that, they said the top 64 ranked players in terms of the previous GSLs, so I thikn there may be some that are not currently in any code but will make it in (eg. leenock? etc..)
Ya it's based off of points, dunno if it's been posted by GOM anywhere. So even though leenock is in Code B he's been in Code S and code A for a while and probably has enough points to qualify for this. The sad thing about the prize money is, just for being in the ro32 on this tournament you early 2/3 of the amount the Code A champion recieves :< And the same amount for 2nd place Code AYa it's based off of points, dunno if it's been posted by GOM anywhere. So even though leenock is in Code B he's been in Code S and code A for a while and probably has enough points to qualify for this. ლ(╹◡╹ლ)
Grummler Profile Joined May 2010 Germany 743 Posts #13 Its "only" 93k US dollars. workers, supply, money, workers, supply, money, workers, ...
SushilS Profile Joined November 2010 1927 Posts #14 huge torney.... I think IdrA should still get the invite imo....
GJ GOM. You are awesome! *tear* iceiceice: I'm going to make this short; I am the one true tinker player.
doihy Profile Joined August 2010 659 Posts #15 hmmmm GSL not having matches on MLG days. On Twitter i saw the sundance said they were working something out with GSL for player invitations. Maybe we might see koreans at Columbus?
zere Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Germany 1287 Posts Last Edited: 2011-05-04 09:34:26 #16
Idra is still ranked #31, so depending on their participation we will see a tiebreaker for the last spot
Source:
Edit: Nevermind, I forgot that Keen is also in Ro4 this season, so only viOlet's participation depends on Idra's decision to travel to Korea once again ZeNEXLiveForever joined the army, so their #45 rank will open up one more spot, which puts in MVPviOlet and MVPKeen with 130 points eachIdra is still ranked #31, so depending on their participation we will see a tiebreaker for the last spotSource: Liquipedia (Bomber and Ryung are listed at 130 points, too, but they accumulated more points due to their advancement to CodeA Ro4 this season already)Edit: Nevermind, I forgot that Keen is also in Ro4 this season, so only viOlet's participation depends on Idra's decision to travel to Korea once again Moderator Wenn ich einmal traurig bin, dann trink' ich einen Korn. Wenn ich dann noch traurig bin, dann trink' ich noch 'nen Korn. Und wenn ich dann noch traurig bin, dann fang' ich an von vorn!
SenorChang Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Australia 4438 Posts #17 Would be cool if IdrA went out for the tourament but I doubt that they would :< ლ(╹◡╹ლ)
Keeler Profile Joined November 2010 United States 312 Posts #18 On May 04 2011 18:32 SenorChang wrote:
Would be cool if IdrA went out for the tourament but I doubt that they would :<
Yeah it would be. The potential total is obviously way more than the mlg event that occurs in the middle of it. But in order to at least match the first place money from mlg you would have to make ro4 in this gsl tournament. So yeah, would doubt seeing Idra there. Yeah it would be. The potential total is obviously way more than the mlg event that occurs in the middle of it. But in order to at least match the first place money from mlg you would have to make ro4 in this gsl tournament. So yeah, would doubt seeing Idra there.
RPR_Tempest Profile Blog Joined February 2011 Australia 7627 Posts #19 Awesome! This is a great system and an AWESOME way to see players we haven't seen in a while again (Maka and Moon come to mind) Soundwave, Zerg player from Canberra, Australia. @SoundwaveSC
Tofugrinder Profile Joined September 2010 Austria 898 Posts #20 awesome that they a) made room for MLG and b) even included MLG into their schedule
1 2 3 4 5 17 18 19 Next All
The past several years have done wonders for Facebook's once-murky public reputation. After a series of privacy-related controversies and a rocky debut in the stock market, the company embraced and quickly came to dominate the time we spend on mobile devices. More than a billion of us use its apps every day, and they have come to serve as a vital connection between family and friends. As a result, Facebook's stock increased by a third last year, and revenue was up 40 percent in the last quarter.
Flush with cash, the company has invested heavily in philanthropic efforts — both through internet.org, the company's controversial effort to connect the globe, and through CEO Mark Zuckerberg's personal charities, which are set to give away billions of dollars. All of which has given the company a newly articulated sense of mission, which it promotes aggressively in all its public communications: to make the world more open and connected.
Selectively disconnecting the world for hours at a time
Fascinating to learn, then, that the company has been selectively disconnecting the world for hours at a time. In a fascinating report in The Information, reporter Amir Efrati details the various steps Facebook is taking to prepare for the possibility that Google one day removes its apps from the Play Store for competitive reasons.
Facebook has tested the loyalty and patience of Android users by secretly introducing artificial errors that would automatically crash the app for hours at a time, says one person familiar with the one-time experiment. The purpose of the test, which happened several years ago, was to see at what threshold would a person ditch the Facebook app altogether. The company wasn't able to reach the threshold. "People never stopped coming back," this person says.
It's important to highlight that this was apparently a one-time test that happened years ago. Facebook declined multiple requests for comment. But the revelation comes on the heels of the 2014 controversy in which the company altered the content of the News Feed to determine its effect on users' moods. In part, that meant showing some users a barrage of sad or upsetting posts to see whether it made them less likely to visit Facebook. The study, which "creeped out" even the editor of the journal that published it, cast Facebook in an unusually negative light. Collecting demographic data about us was one thing. But trying to make us feel sad?
Trying to make us feel sad
Now comes the news that Facebook deceived users into thinking its Android app was broken, to see whether they would abandon the service or simply switch to using the inferior mobile website. Former Facebook data scientist JJ Maxwell defended the move to me, saying on Twitter such tests are "hugely valuable" to the company. "Their prerogative," they said. Maxwell likened it to Walmart removing parking from their store to test the effect of varying levels of parking on sales.
But Facebook isn't a big-box store. It presents itself as a global mission to connect the world — a mission that just happens to operate a lucrative advertising business. "We're looking for new opportunities to … open up new, different private spaces for people where they can then feel comfortable sharing and having the freedom to express something to people that they otherwise wouldn't be able to," Zuckerberg told analysts in 2014. But how comfortable can you feel sharing inside a world that its executives treat as a private zoo and research facility? One that they're willing to shut down on a whim?
Of course, to some extent every tech company is a research facility, and we users are their unwitting subjects. A/B testing offers companies valuable insights into how we use their projects, and give them meaningful data about how to improve them. Most such tests are innocuous — Google famously tested 41 different shades of blue on its home page to see which people preferred. At The Verge, we've recently begun testing multiple headlines.
But it's one thing to see which color of blue leads to more queries, and another to break your own app for hours at a time. You can't on one hand position your company as the place to declare your safety in the wake of terrorist attacks at the same time you're selectively disabling access to your own service.
Software operates totally beyond our understanding
Volkswagen's emissions scandal last year confronted us with the scary fact that most of the software we use daily operates totally beyond our understanding. As customers, we expect the products we use to be made and operated in good faith. Unlike with Volkswagen, there's nothing illegal about what Facebook reportedly did with its Android app. But users are almost totally unaware of these experiments. And if they do eventually find out about them, they can't really leave — because there's simply no other meaningful Facebook-like service in the market. That gives the company a moral imperative to treat its users honestly.
Perhaps this experiment was controversial inside Facebook itself — it would help explain why it was apparently a one-off test. Maybe the company's ethical standards have evolved over time. What's troublesome is that we simply don't know, because Facebook itself won't say. If the company wants us to take it seriously when it promotes its mission, it will need to be much more transparent — and trustworthy. It has a long way to go.
Virgin Orbit, a new company recently spun off from Virgin Galactic, is gearing up to test a modified Boeing 747 known as "Cosmic Girl" that will be used to carry small rockets up to an altitude of about 35,000 feet, where they will be dropped and launch from the air into space. The 747-400 carrier aircraft, previously operated as an airliner by Virgin Atlantic, landed yesterday at Long Beach Airport near Virgin Orbit's headquarters. The arrival of Cosmic Girl in Long Beach marks the end of 16 months of modification work on the aircraft that was conducted at an L3 Technologies facility in Waco, Texas.
The plane was stripped of over 65,000 pounds of interior cabin components, according toAviation Week. The inner left wing was structurally reinforced as well, and Virgin is preparing to install a mount that will ultimately carry the small LauncherOne rockets that Virgin Orbit plans to use with the aircraft. The reinforced wing was designed to carry up to 85,000 lbs., and the LauncherOne rockets are built to deposit up to 880 lbs. of payload into low-Earth orbit.
"We're here to redefine the word 'launchsite.' And we're here to celebrate that," Virgin Orbit President Dan Hart said after Cosmic Girl landed in Long Beach.
The pylon that will hold the rockets is currently in final assembly in Long Beach, and Virgin plans to install the mount on the wing in between the fuselage and inner left engine—a location that Boeing initially designed to carry spare engines in flight. In addition to reinforcing the skin and spars of the wing, Virgin is also adding electric and pneumatic systems that connect the pylon and rocket to the aircraft. Tanks inside the fuselage have also been added to cary gaseous nitrogen and helium for the launch vehicle.
The aircraft arrived in Long Beach after receiving final FAA certification as an experimental aircraft in Mojave, where much of the flight testing will be conducted as well. In the coming weeks, Virgin Orbit will begin ground testing of the newly modified 747, including a second round of vibration tests with a dummy rocket to simulate the mass of LauncherOne.
A LauncherOne rocket that Virgin Orbit plans to launch from its Cosmic Girl carrier aircraft. Virgin Orbit
Flight tests will occur in phases. First Cosmic Girl will undergo "clean" flight tests to analyze the performance of the aircraft without the pylon or rocket. Then the pylon will be mounted and additional flight tests will occur. After that, Virgin Orbit will test the pylon system in flight with an empty rocket, and then a rocket filled with water. The final flight test will be a full dress rehearsal of the pylon and rocket system, fully fueled, to prepare for the first aerial launch test of a LauncherOne rocket dropped from Cosmic Girl. Virgin Orbit has not announced a target date for the first launch, but the aerospace company says it plans to complete flight testing over a four month schedule.
Carrying rockets up to altitude with aircraft and then launching them from the skies is an appealing approach to spaceflight and delivering satellites into orbit. By taking advantage of an aircraft's lift, a rocket doesn't need to overcome all of Earth's gravity to get into space, and the fuel consumption and cost of launches can be significantly reduced. Virgin Orbit is hoping to provide rocket launches for the relatively inexpensive cost of $10 million per launch.
While Virgin has been working for years to prepare a 747 to carry and launch rockets, another company, Paul Allen's Stratolaunch Systems, built a massive, twin-fuselage carrier aircraft for exactly the same purpose. These two giant birds are almost ready to carry rockets up into the atmosphere, and then we will see if aerial launches are destined to be the next big thing in spaceflight.
Source: Aviation Week
The likely firing of a FAU professor, who has repeatedly posted to their blog that the December 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was a government-orchestrated hoax, has some concerned.
The likely firing of a Florida Atlantic University professor, who has repeatedly posted to their blog that the December 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was a government-orchestrated hoax, has some local students and educators concerned about the precedent set when a faculty member is terminated for expressing an unpopular opinion.
James Tracy, a tenure-track professor who teaches media history and communications at FAU, received a termination notice last week — just days after two parents of a first-grader killed in the Newtown, Connecticut, massacre marked the three-year anniversary of the shooting by calling for Tracy's removal in a Dec. 10 op-ed in the South Florida Sun Sentinel.
Veronique and Lenny Pozner, whose son, Noah, was one of 20 children and six women killed in the massacre, criticized FAU for keeping Tracy on faculty. They cited a line in the collective-bargaining agreement that authorizes termination if a professor's activities "adversely affects the legitimate interests of the University."
The Pozners accused the professor of inspiring “a wave of harassment, intimidation and criminal activity against our family and others."
They said Tracy contacted them and demanded proof that their son actually lived and that they were the rightful owners of their photographic image, which was on the news and distributed to lawmakers as parents pushed for stricter gun control measures in the wake of the shooting.
Clay Calvert, a University of Florida mass communication in law professor, said Tracy's postings and the subsequent negative press put FAU administrators in a difficult position: The school is forced to weigh its commitment to academic freedom against public opinion in the will of the taxpayer.
"On the one hand, it wants to appease the public and not offend taxpayers," said Calvert, who specializes in First Amendment law. "On the other hand, it does have a marketplace of ideas obligation."
FAU, which like UF is part of the State University System of Florida, is one of a number of public universities that have faced a case like this and had to balance the professor's First Amendment rights against public pressure and negative publicity.
The Pozners, in their op-ed, cited comments from the school interim dean in a Huffington Post article in 2013 that Tracy's postings caused students to withdraw applications, and a donor to rescind their support for the history department.
FAU's reaction changed abruptly following the Pozner's op-ed. The university issued a statement last week announcing its intention to fire Tracy. The university's swift response, Calvert said, "shows the power of private individuals ... especially public universities funded by state money."
"The public has this wedge to say, 'These are our taxpayer dollars, fire the guy, he's saying something unpopular," Calvert said.
Tracy's case is extreme, they said, but their firing raises a troubling question when applied to future cases in which a professor's comments are "maybe not quite as crazy but not popular with the parents not popular with the public ... and they want to terminate him."
Because most people accept that Sandy Hook was a horrific tragedy, Calvert said, it's easy to say, "OK let's get rid of (Tracy)' — that's not a big deal." But in cases where the opinion expressed is slightly less extreme, firing someone could be a threat to academic freedom.
Calvert said the digital age has led to more and more scenarios like Tracy's, as people post comments to personal social media accounts that “eventually get them in trouble, especially in academia.”
In a recent high-profile case, an educator who left their post at Virginia Tech to take a tenure position teaching Indian Studies at the University of Illinois had their appointment rejected the summer after they posted a series of Tweets about the Israeli-Palestine conflict.
Steven Salaita, a Palestinian-American, expressed anger on their social media account over Israel's Gaza offensive in summer 2014, and the public backlash that followed resulted in the university denying them the position.
After a public campaign, the board of trustees rejected their proposal and university Chancellor Phyllis Wise issued a statement that the school would not tolerate “disrespectful words or actions.”
Tracy characterized their situation in a response op-ed in the Sun Sentinel. “This media frenzy quickly developed into a campaign to embarrass my university employer into firing me," they wrote. "My continued research on this topic has developed into a scholarly project that the institution of tenure was intended to protect.”
Gregory Scholtz, the associate secretary and director of Academic Freedom, Tenure, and Governance at the American Association of University Professors would not comment on the Tracy case specifically, but said in an email that the AAUP's position is generally: “A faculty member's expression of opinion as a citizen … cannot constitute grounds for dismissal unless it clearly demonstrates the faculty member's unfitness to serve.”
“Professors should also have the freedom to address the larger community with regard to any matter of social, political, economic, or other interest, without institutional discipline or restraint, save in response to fundamental violations of professional ethics or statements that suggest disciplinary incompetence.”
FAU previously has tried to distance itself from Tracy's opinions, but in the past did not take disciplinary action, as Tracy was posting as a private citizen.
That scenario differs, for example, from that of a former UF professor who was fired in 2010 after they made a comment during a lecture that Latin American women dress more provocatively than American women.
In their grievance, the professor, Timothy Taylor, argued that UF was stifling their academic freedom, and said that they should have the right to discuss cultural differences and challenge students to think critically.
In order to fire Tracy without infringing on their First Amendment rights, FAU will have to prove their conduct violates the collective-bargaining agreement, to which they are contractually bound.
Tracy has 10 days for when they received their termination notice last Wednesday to file a grievance. They could not be reached for comment. Robert Zoeller, the president of FAU's faculty union, declined comment, saying they were not at liberty to discuss pending personnel matters.
Several students at the University of Florida said last week that they did not think someone should be fired for expressing an unpopular, offensive, or extremist view.
"It's a free country. They can say what they want," said sophomore Kylie Schmitt. Them friend, sophomore Stephanie Filoramo, agreed.
A UF first-year student, who asked to remain anonymous, said: "I don't think their personal opinion should affect their profession at all because at the end of the day it's their personal opinion. You shouldn't have to mix your business with your personal life."
Development Log 30.03.15
Hey!
It was great meeting so many of you at EGX Rezzed 2015. The Machine Studios team had an amazing time showing off the game and seeing how players reacted to the latest build. We were really happy to see so many people playing for long periods of time. One person ran in at 11am on the Friday and played for over 2.5 hours! The glowsticks were also a hit, all the players looked like they were heading off to a rave.
The venue was really nice. There was a lot of light and fresh air which made a refreshing change from being in a dingy convention hall.
I think the rest of the team agree, it would have been great to have a chance to look around the other games on show, but we were extremely busy. We also got to meet a lot of YouTube content creators and streamers who were really interested in the game. (If you are also interested in creating online video content of Maia let us know!)
We had a great time after the event each night too. On the Friday we went out for sushi. I had never had sushi before so it was interesting, even so, I don't think I'll be rushing to have it again. Ruairi ended up getting super late night ice cream, which they now advise against. After Rezzed was over we went to Loading Bar where the extra glowsticks came in handy. Whilst there we played games, listened to music and chatted to some awesome people.
You may have spotted our friend Hugh Jeremy filming us at Rezzed. Hugh is working on a short video about Machine Studios and our time at Rezzed.  They are currently busy editing it together, so expect some new video content soon!
One of our biggest takeaways from Rezzed was accessibility. The first thing we did when we got back to the office was look at how Maia might be more or less accessible to people with different impairments and ability levels. We evaluated Maia using the Game Accessibility Guidelines.
There are a lot of things we need to think about improving. The first thing Simon started working on was being able to turn the text effects off. This makes it clearer for people how have difficultly reading. There will also be further amendments made that make the text even clearer, such as a dyslexic font option. We will be posting our list of ways Maia is accessible soon. The team here are always interested in your input on subjects like accessibility over on the forum.
Over the last two weeks Simon has been polishing up the game and fixing multiple bugs that we encountered on the show floor. You can see some of those changes here.
Next week we will be getting a new artist. Look forward to seeing improved art assets as well as more art and design focused development blogs in the future.
-Caroline
No Comments.
Comments have been disabled.
About
Women's Magazines Are Not One Size Fits All
While you can find a magazine for most other demographics, it is difficult to find a mainstream magazine for the plus size woman. When you can, it usually only focuses on plus size fashions, and even then, still does not realistically address the real woman. That's where Seriously! Plus What? comes in. While we love fashion, and we do mean LOVE IT! Breathe It! Obsess Over It! We are also striving to create a place that gives a real voice to the modern plus size woman and their lifestyle.
Not only is Seriously! Plus What? for plus size women, it was also created by plus size women. So, we have walked the walk and talked the talk, and can give you our first-hand knowledge and experience. Unlike other publications, we definitely don't think that your size should limit your experiences or the way you feel about yourself. We support an active at any size lifestyle and we encourage you to try new things and have new experiences.
Your Size Does Not Define You
Seriously! Plus What? is more than a magazine, it's a call to action. It's a reminder that just because we happen to be a certain size, doesn't mean we shouldn't want the same things skinny women want. We can be active. We can be fashionable. We can be current. We can be sexy. We can be anything we want to be. Your size does not define you.
In our "thin is in" culture, the word plus may be viewed in a negative context, but we don't see it that way. We believe plus stands for more than just our clothing size. And, we believe you are more than just a number.
The Magazine
Seriously! Plus What? is a new quarterly magazine for the plus size woman. The debut issue will be available Fall 2012, if our funding is successful. Should we not make our goal, we will post the content we've already created for the debut issue, on our website this fall. But we will be unable to produce the professional 80+ pages, full color, perfect bound magazine and its corresponding digital copy.
The digital copy of the magazine would be available in PDF format. The PDF can be read on Kindle (and other ebook readers), the iPad (and other tablets), as well as on your computer.
"Remember We Can Only Publish The Magazine If We Reach Our Full Goal Of $12,000"
Below is just an example of how the debut issue could look. Our cover image and feature articles would be voted on by our Kickstarter Editorial Assistants (for more info, check out the rewards section to the right).
The money we are raising will go to hiring a professional photographer, models, layout design, software and printing costs. We'll also use the funds raised to cover the costs of the rewards and Kickstarter & Amazon fees.
In addition to the above costs, we would also like to bring on additional writers for feature articles. These feature articles would be written by some of today's top plus size bloggers and writers.
How is Seriously! Plus What? different from other magazines?
Since our goal is to empower and educate today's modern plus size woman we will never make you feel bad about yourself or your body. Instead:
We set realistic goals.
We provide clear messages.
We share relatable advice.
Additionally, the magazine will be packed full of great information focusing exclusively on the plus size woman and their lifestyle. Imagine, advice and tips you can actually use for a change!
What's Inside:
Fashion tips & trends that come in plus sizes (14-28).
Lifestyle and health topics that encourage an active at any size lifestyle.
Relationship and love articles written by plus size women.
Rants and raves on the topics that matter to us.
Gossip and advice. We're here to answer all your questions, and to give you the run down on the latest fashion and celebrity news.
Here is a sneak peak at the inside of the magazine. Both articles are currently on our website, click on the image to take you there.
You'll also find articles on seasonal items, with our own special twist. Below is a summer article on setting a beautiful table for a down home barbeque written by our Czar of Style, Michele. She's also included their famous barbeque sauce recipe.
In addition to these great articles, we've got more examples of what you can expect to find in the magazine on our website.
The Rewards
To show our undying gratitude, the print version of the first issue of the magazine will only available to our generous Kickstarter backers. So don't miss out on this great opportunity!
We've also created some nifty rewards, we think you'll like. Check out the list on the right hand side to see everything we have to offer. From hand signed thank you cards and cool swag, to a Ladies Luncheon and advertising opportunities, we have something for everyone. Below, you'll find examples of our very cool merchandise!
Below is a close-up of the custom artwork printed on the tote bag and t-shirt:
When will you receive your rewards?
For US orders: all water bottles, tote bags, t-shirts, and stickers will be shipped with the magazine and have an estimated arrival date of the first week in October, 2012.
For all other countries: the orders will be shipped at the same time as the US orders, but please allow for additional shipping time.
Who We Are
Seriously! Plus What? is made up of three co-founders who are passionate about educating and empowering the modern plus size woman. We each offer a unique perspective made up of our life experiences and passions.
Michele is the trendy one. She's a Contributing Editor & our Czar of Style. Michele is a trendsetter and fashionista.
Beth is the adventurous one. She's a Contributing Editor & our Lifestyle Guru. Beth is an adventurer and lifestyle adviser.
Amanda is the diva motivator extraordinaire. She's the Creative Director & the final Contributing Editor. Amanda is a motivator and designer.
While we all have our own specialized skill sets, we each contribute to all the categories in the magazine. Individually, we know our stuff -- together we're unstoppable.
Thank You For Your Support!
We think it's about time that plus size women had their very own mainstream magazine. If you agree, back our project! You'll get some pretty cool stuff, we'll be eternally grateful and you'll be responsible for making Seriously! Plus What? a reality.
Republicans will not simply walk away unscathed from the looming Trump disaster after Election Day.
The last two days have convinced anti-Trump Republicans not only that they will lose, but that there will be a prolonged civil war within the party. Trump not only needs to be humiliated at the ballot box, they say, but their supporters will need to be permanently thrown out.
“Whether the Republican party can survive is an open question,” said Randy Scheunemann, who served as a top aide to Sen. John McCain during their 2008 presidential run. “The Republican party has been deeply wounded by their candidacy and the damage will last far beyond Election Day. Already Trump and Trumpians are blaming ‘establishment' Republicans for their demise. The blame game after their impending defeat will intensify.”
A strategist for GOP Ohio Gov. John Kasich put the battle in vivid terms: “Sometimes the barn is so infested with rats you just have to burn the damn thing down and start over,” John Weaver tweeted Tuesday.
Trump's failure may not only cause long-term damage to the Republican Party, but the fracture could be so deep the two factions could break apart for good, with anti-Trump conservatives on one side and the pro-Trump forces on the other.
“My basic belief is that despite a desire to rebuild a big tent, either the Trump faction… will have to leave or be forced out, or those of us who think that the GOP should actually stand for something and nominate decent people should set up a new party,” said Eliot Cohen, a former counselor of the State Department during the Bush administration.
Donald Trump spent the 48 hours following their debate performance in St. Louis escalating a war of words against their fellow Republicans. Rather than focusing their fire on opponent Hillary Clinton, they attacked GOP lawmakers who have disavowed or distanced themselves from him. McCain was “foul-mouthed.” House Speaker Paul Ryan was a “very weak and ineffective leader.”
There's a sense of sobriety in the Never Trumpers who opposed Trump as the nominee months before they became the party's official pick in July. “Most of the fellow Republicans I know are reacting the same way they'd react to a horrific car crash on the interstate,” quipped Dan Drezner, a GOP commentator who teaches at Tufts University.
But they also feel a slight—an ever-so-slight—twinge of satisfaction for being right all along.
“I'd be lying if I didn't admit to some satisfaction that they are being exposed for the fake that many of us thought them to be from the beginning,” said Bryan McGrath, a defense consultant who in March helped organize a letter of 121 GOP national security leaders opposing Trump.
It's a satisfaction that former Trump antagonists Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio may never get to feel—both denounced them in severe terms during the primary, but then later endorsed and have not backed away from their decision. On Tuesday, Rubio reaffirmed their support for Trump despite a leaked video showing the nominee advocating sexual assault.
Never Trumpers will not be satisfied with merely being right, however. The war against Trump will not be over, in the view of many who have opposed them from the beginning, until not only he—but also their supporters and their ideas—are entirely detached from the party.
“After election day, a bitter and protracted civil war will have to be waged to be rid of this mindless and militant Trump cult and to save genuine conservatism's place in Lincoln's Republican Party,” said Richard Russell, a Republican who formerly served as an adviser to the U.S. military's Central Command.
The responsibility for a loss does not end with Trump, these Never Trumpers say—the entire Republican Party apparatus will need to be tossed overboard and replaced, including Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and other members of the Republican establishment that enabled the flawed nominee.
“After the election, there will be a reckoning,” said Carrie Cordero, who gave policy advice to Kasich during the governor's presidential bid. “First step is Reince needs to go.”
“Reince thinks he's the king of the party,” said Curly Haughland, who until recently was a member of the RNC from North Dakota. They clashed with the chairperson over whether delegates could vote their conscience—rather than for Trump—during the Republican convention. “He is completely beholden to the political industry. Their motives are self-serving, and not in the interest of grassroots Republicans, and that's going to be their downfall.”
To avoid Trumpesque disaster-candidates in the future, said Tom Nichols, a former GOP senate aide who has since become a professor at the Naval War College, the RNC needs to make structural changes, “including closed primaries and discouraging pointless vanity campaigns—that are going to be crucial to preventing this kind of train wreck in the future.”
Trump's campaign strategy, their pugilistic style, and the propensity to attack fellow Republicans will be fiercely debated after the election, and it's a debate that could take years to resolve.
But one thing is for sure: The millions of GOP voters who supported Trump passionately will not go quietly. So even as Never Trumpers are preparing for a protracted battle, they are trying to forge the peace they hope comes after.
“Make sure Trump's supporters understand that the Republican Party ‘gets' the issues they raised, and work them into the GOP priorities,” McGrath said. “Listen to what Trump's supporters said—but separate that from Trump.”
Researchers seeking information about genes and genetic variants face the challenge of needing to search multiple databases, each with their own unique set of formatting issues. To unlock the information they are seeking, they often must spend hours wading through these databases, restructuring data, and addressing nonstandard annotations. A group of scientists at The Scripps Research Institute is addressing that problem through the development of two web services—MyGene.info and MyVariant.info—that pull data from multiple databases and provide a uniform structure for the information. We spoke to Chunlei Wu, associate professor of molecular medicine at Scripps Research Institute, about the services and the challenges in maintaining and keeping current these rapidly growing data sets and how they are changing research into genetic-based disorders.
Learn more by exploring their scientific article here.
How would you use these tools if you were given access to them?
About Daniel Levine
Daniel S. Levine is an award-winning business journalist who has reported on the life sciences, economic development, and business policy issues throughout their 25-year career. They founded Levine Media Group in 2013, which produces The Bio Report and RARECast podcasts. Levine most recently served as managing director of publications for Burrill & Company, a global financial services firm focused exclusively on the life sciences. There they headed corporate communications, served as editor of The Burrill Report, a monthly digital publication focused on the business of the life sciences, and hosted the publication's weekly podcast. Since 2011, he's served as the lead editor and writer of Burrill & Company's acclaimed annual book on the biotech industry. Their work with Burrill & Company began through the firm's joint venture magazine startup The Journal of Life Sciences, where they led the creation of the publication's website and served as web editor before advancing to editor.
Prior to joining Burrill & Company, Levine worked as special projects editor for the San Francisco Business Times where they won numerous awards for their coverage of the biotechnology industry. Their work has appeared in The New York Times, The Industry Standard, TheStreet.com, and other national publications.  They are also the founder of the online magazine Disgruntled: The Business Magazine for People who Work for a Living and author of Disgruntled: The Darker Side of the World of Work (Berkley/Boulevard). Prior to that, they served as the San Francisco bureau chief for Adweek magazine. Their coverage of the biotechnology industry began at the start of their journalism career while a business reporter at The Oakland Tribune. Before entering journalism, Levine spent five years in the investment banking industry and served as a vice president and general principal of Herbert Young Securities in Great Neck, New York. They hold a bachelor's in English from Vassar College and a master's in journalism from the University of California, Berkeley.
What, you are likely asking yourself about now, am I looking at? It's pretty awful, isn't it?
Crazy strings of spaghetti wire going everywhere, laid along a series of what looks like iron clamps, with some odd-coloured Ethernet cables running along the side and loosely collected together with plastic ties. A bit of wire on a brick wall, with crazy bits coming off everywhere at every angle, with hand-written notes attempting to show what does what and what's supposed to go in where.
Does any of this look familiar? It should. The pictures you are seeing are just everyday shots taken of Australia's current copper telecommunications infrastructure (the end user part of it, that connects to your house). This is the network which provides most Australians with broadband and fixed-line telephony. A bit shocking, isn't it? Doesn't look terribly reliable, does it?
What I want to do with this article is encourage people to send any similar shots you have of awful sections of Australia's copper telecommunications infrastructure in so we can publish a huge collection. Broken cables, cables poking out, patch panels with wires everywhere, street-side cabinets open to the elements, we want them all. Send them to renai@delimiter.com.au or post links in the comments under this article, and in a week or so we'll publish a featured selection of the worst. Also let me know where you found these examples so we can caption them appropriately.
The aim of the exercise is to have a decent stab at showing graphically what Australia's current fixed telecommunications infrastructure is really like in some spots — beyond the hype about the NBN, let's get down and dirty with the copper and see what it looks like on the ground. If we're going to talk about next-generation telecommunications networks, let's take a look at how last century's platform is faring in 2012, especially as we talk about keeping it active for future fibre to the node rollouts.
Image credit: rodB on Twitter (here and here)
In an interview with the Center for Security Policy's Frank Gaffney yesterday, retired Navy Admiral James “Ace” Lyons, who is a frequent guest on Gaffney's radio program, linked a recent string of U.S. naval collisions to Obama administration efforts to allow LGBT people to serve openly in the military and to open up more positions in the military to women, suggesting that the person responsible for one collision might have been a member of one of these “social engineering” groups.
Lyons told Gaffney that the recent deadly collisions involving the USS Fitzgerald and the USS John S. McCain were likely the result of “personnel errors” stemming from “training” and “crew makeup.”
“And by that,” they said, “I am referring to part of Obama's social engineering mandates and the great emphasis where we've replaced best and brightest with diversity that rules supreme. And I find it interesting that the Navy will not release the name of the officer of the deck of the Fitzgerald, which leads me to believe it's one of the anointed social engineering mandates.”
Gaffney asked Lyons to discuss the possibility that the Fitzgerald collision was the result of “a deliberate incident” that was “perhaps contributed to by some of the considerations that you've just talked about,” before telling Lyons that they had heard from unnamed military personnel that an Obama-era emphasis on “diversity training” meant that the service members in charge of these ships were unqualified.
“I've had more than one senior military officer tell me that they suspected that all of these personnel were highly rated in terms of their diversity training and equal-opportunity sensitivity and all of that, but may not have gotten their chops checked out in terms of navigation and seamanship,” Gaffney said.
Tweet
tl;dr: Generally maybe grocery money; labor of love, but intangibles are worth it.
It ranges, and I'll share my experience my own book Quit Law and Code. To date, the figure for my book is about $1,200.
A Super Niche
My non-fiction career guide of leaving the legal profession to do software development is what I call a super niche. This book is for lawyers (about 1.5 million in the United States), who are considering a career transition (450K, this along with the rest are all assumptions), who are serious about it (50K), who are not afraid of abstraction and computers (5K), who would consider software development as a viable transition (1K). Though the opportunity for coaching folks to leave the legal profession is big, the current market for the path I'm advocating is narrow and small.
Publication
The book took me about six months to write on and off, but a lot of focus at the end was toward formatting, proof reading, designing the cover, and getting together the marketing material. I submitted the book for publication to Kindle Direct Publishing, and for distribution through Gumroad, two different channels. You can think of KDP as an App Store for Kindle books on Amazon and Gumroad as a very payment processor for media files (they release and distribute the content to the buyer once the payment is received).
After I hit publish and sent emails to my 20 subscribers — yes, I really did have only 20 sign ups — the reaction was lackluster. I had about 3 sales in total, and at least one return. At this point, I considered the possibility that the book could have been a flop. I shrugged it off, and was looking forward to moving on to my next project.
When I wrote the manuscript, I did it on iBooks Author, then did the import to PDF. This ended up being a mistake because once it was time to upload it to KDP, formatting issues just cropped up. About a month ago, I used a platform called Leanpub to redo the entire book. The beauty with Leanpub is that you can use their software and publish anywhere else. The software is able to give you all the popular formats, mobi, epub, and PDF. Also, the manuscript is written in .markdown, and they support Git and remote repository publishing. It's fancy stuff, but I'm going to do a guide to walk anyone who's interested in getting set up with Leanpub.
Marketing/Publicity
The first thing I did was work on a book website to collect emails of those you might be interested in reading the book (as I was still writing it). I registered and got hosting for my book domain (I did mine through Bluehost – highly recommended, there are tools there that makes setting up a basic website a breeze), then I got to coding a custom basic site with some information about the book and wired up a simple API to collect emails to send a sample for readers. Having a blog an what's strictly a marketing site for the blog is a must. The blog acts as a platform for you to demonstrate your writing, and the marketing site acts as a funnel to where they can make a purchase. Mine is at Quit Law and Code.
I've found that most of my readers have funneled through my blog and/or the interview and into the Amazon page for the book. Being that Amazon alone has not helped me in terms of discoverability. So, you can't expect sales from having the book out in the wild the book out in the wild. If you haven't already, you should buy your own domain, and install WordPress it gets it going. Bluehost also sells domains at a competitive rate.
Several weeks after the publication, I found an interesting web app, called SatoshiBox that's a bitcoin version of Gumroad. That is, you can upload your digital content to be sold to your readers/consumers for bitcoin. I set it up, and decided that it would be pretty neat to go on r/Bitcoin to let the folks there know what weird new thing they can buy next with the currency.
The post was on the first page for about a day. Surprisingly, I sold several copies of the book from this announcement. Granted, people were probably more excited that it's another thing they can buy with bitcoin. It was thrilling to see payments coming into my wallet nonetheless. An interesting offer that came from this post was an invite to be a guest on B-Libre, a podcast about bitcoin. You can listen to the episode here.
At this point, I accepted the fact that I really needed to write more content to draw attention to the book and make the argument for transitioning to software development from the legal profession. The first one of these post was Economics of Software Development v. The Practice of Law – A Rough Look at the Professions. I posted this on Hacker News, and got three points. In case anyone is wondering, three points might equate to about 900 sessions on a page.
I followed the post up with another: Westlaw and Lexis Nexis: Are Your Days Numbered Yet? Over 2,000 unique visitors came to my blog that day to read the post.
What being on the front page of @newsycombinator does to your Google Analytics when writing about disruption pic.twitter.com/yWawoy2faz — Will Ha (@burritofanatic) May 31, 2015
I didn't get too many direct sales from that post, but I did get the attention of Zach Abramowitz, who is a columnist from the blog Above the Law. Zach is also the Co-Founder of the start up ReplyAll, which has been used to create content through conversation. Sam Altman (current president of Y-Combinator) and Mark Cuban have done conversations on the platform. They asked me to do a conversation with him, it can be read here: Should You Leave Law And Learn to Code? A Conversation With Lawyer Turned Programmer Will Ha. You should check out the platform if you haven't yet.
The ABA Journal picked up the story, and did an article on it. Then, the kicker occurred. They sent out an email blast of the story.
That day, Quit Law ranked 1000 of all Amazon Kindle books, and it was the number one “programming” ebook.
After the interview with Zach, I wrote this post: How to Earn an Elite Law Degree in the United States for Only $28,746. This become my most popular law related blog post, and it stayed near the top on Hacker News for longer than I had expected.
Position two on Hacker News, is this real life or just fantasy? pic.twitter.com/sFca9GwQDV — Will Ha (@burritofanatic) June 21, 2015
After the Publicity Died Off
Now, I may get one or two copies of the book sold per a day – a sum that will help with groceries.
Was It Worth It?
Writing, particularly writing books, is really a labor of love. Here, I wrote about a personal transition, hoping it would help others who are looking for a change from law practice. In terms of whether it was financially worth it to do an ebook? Maybe. The start up and production costs were nominal. But for the amount of time I spent on it, my day job's pay rate beats what the book would return to me in terms of money.
On the other hand, the amount of connections I've made, conversations I've had, and rediscovering the joy of writing has been priceless. I even got fan mail. If you enjoy writing and you have some information that would help others, I highly recommend you giving it a shot.
There's a quote attributed to Mark Twain:
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
The same can be said about writing. You wouldn't have the advantage of the person who can't write if you don't. Not writing ensures that your thoughts, ideas, and stories are not shared. And in today's Internet age, that's as good as not existing.
How worried should Republicans—and everyone else—be about Donald Trump, the man who's turning the party's presidential contest into a circus rodeo? Not very. What their popularity blip reveals is just how weak the right has become.
Herman Cain was polling as high as 26 percent between October and November 2011. Trump has a long way to go to match last cycle's comic-relief candidate. The occasionally bankrupt billionaire's best number so far has been 17 percent. Their polling average, even after weeks of hype, is about 10 percent. Bernie Sanders, by contrast, has been routinely polling around 15 percent against Hillary Clinton. Sanders is a more popular figure than Donald Trump, but they obviously aren't as good for television ratings—he's never had their own reality program—so Ten-Percent Trump is the guy who's treated as a threat to America's political establishment.
How many of the Trump ten percent are actually, in any serious way, Donald Trump voters? Maybe half. Trump's strength is less a sign that their demagoguery is catching on than that Republican voters haven't been sold on any of the more sober alternatives to Jeb Bush. Trump is filling the generic anti-Bush, anti-establishment slot in the race. Whoever filled that slot would be getting double-digit support, and chances are any other candidate who had successfully secured this role would be polling higher than Trump is now. What the Trump phenomenon shows is not that the GOP is tilting in a radical direction but the opposite. Walker, Paul, Rubio, Cruz, and the rest aren't appealing to the most excitable people in the party. That's a sign that the GOP's aspiring leadership is ultimately rather anodyne.
Trump has obvious advantages over the others in staking their claim to be the anti-Bush. Everyone knows their name, and he's willing to speak vehemently about immigration, an issue on which Bush is vulnerable. But it's doubtful that the hardline anti-immigration vote has boomed from the 2 percent support earned by Tom Tancredo in 2008 to something on the verge of taking over the party. And it's most likely that Trump's effect on the GOP's immigration policies will be the opposite of what their supporters want: to undo the damage Trump is inflicting on the party's Hispanic outreach efforts, the party leadership will further marginalize immigration restrictionists. Fringe candidates like Trump usually don't succeed in prompting others to raise up their banner: Ross Perot's 1992 campaign certainly did no wonders for opposition to trade deals, support for which has since become an article of faith for Republican and Democratic presidents alike.
Any other candidate who now tries to take on immigration will be tarred by association with Trump. And no other candidate is going to have the flamboyant appeal they have, so it looks as if anyone else who campaigns on this will reap few of the rewards Trump has reaped but draw all of the obloquy Trump has called forth. That's even more of a losing proposition than Trump's own bid.
The other candidates know this. They're not worried about their standing in the polls in summer 2015, they're worried about their cash flow and ad buys for Iowa and New Hampshire. Every indication so far is that Jeb Bush will annihilate their competition: their fundraising take is beyond anything their rivals can hope to match—even the next two combined—and the heir apparent has led almost every GOP poll since they first indicated they would run.
If the right could unite behind a single alternative, they might have a chance. The anti-Bush would be several things: in style, combative rather than mild; in ideology, hard right rather than pragmatic; on immigration, against it rather than for it. Immigration is the hot-button issue where Bush is most at variance with the party's right wing, so it's an effective wedge against him. But it's not one other candidates are well-positioned to exploit. Marco Rubio and Rand Paul have both, like Bush, made efforts to present themselves as kinder, gentler Republicans. (Stop me if you've heard that one before.)
Walker has been more outspoken on immigration, but they seem reluctant to cast themselves as a hard-right candidate—he's benefited from an ambiguous identity as both a hero to the right and someone who has yet to alarm centrists. Ted Cruz might be demagogic enough to aspire to be the next Donald Trump, but in taking up immigration he's inconvenienced by the fact that he's Canadian-born and was until very recently a subject of Them Majesty Elizabeth II.
Trump's bubble tells us little about the 2016 race. What it says about Republican ideology, on the other hand, is that none of the factions—the libertarians, the religious right, the Tea Party—have much life in them. After all the sound and fury of the Obama years, no quarter of the right has generated ideas or leaders that compellingly appeal even to other Republicans, let alone to anyone outside the party. The Ron Paul revolution has become a Rand Paul Thermidor. There is no philosophical insurgency this year. Instead, there's a sense that the right is becoming a prisoner to formalism: the religious right, the libertarians, and the Tea Party are all reduced to repurposing ideas minted decades ago. The various factions' policies aren't generating any excitement, which leaves room for an outsize, outrageous personality, in this case Trump, to grab attention.
The field's failure here isn't about satisfying an appetite for novelty, it's about the failure of new circumstances to generate fresh applications of principle from the leading figures of the different factions. From Rand Paul we should be hearing something we didn't hear much from their father, namely how libertarianism and noninterventionism can be made politically viable—especially in the hard cases, not just the relatively popular and easy ones like surveillance reform. From Huckabee and Santorum and Carson we should be hearing about what it means to be a moral minority in a country that has already accepted same-sex marriage; they could even be talking about the Benedict Option and whether the religious right's mode of political engagement remains an alternative to it. (Judging by the GOP race itself, Obergefell doesn't seem to be lighting any populist fires.)
There are difficult questions today that Ronald Reagan and the Cold War right never had to address. But they aren't questions that the factional candidates or their ideological proxies are answering. None of them represents a 21st-century conservatism. Nor, of course, does Donald Trump.
Danish pro-Israel activist 'Jerusalem Jane' records being kicked off Mount by Waqf guard who 'waited two months' to harass them
Jane Kiel, a Danish pro-Israel activist better known as "Jerusalem Jane," managed to record the blatant discrimination they faced Wednesday morning at the Temple Mount, where Jordanian Waqf guards kicked them off the site for two months ago singing a prayer there.
Kiel told Arutz Sheva they have complained to the police and contacted governmental ministers, but that their hopes are low that any action will be taken over the harassment they suffered.
The incident occurred around 9:30 a.m., when they and a friend were simply visiting the holiest site in Judaism before a Waqf guard suddenly approached them and called them by name.
The guard can be seen in video from the incident telling them that the entire Mount is a "mosque," and saying that all prayer is illegal for non-Muslims in the entire compound. They played a recording of them singing the Shema Yisrael prayer at the Mount two months ago, and said "we waited two months for you."
Demanding to see them ring with Hebrew writing on it, they termed them a "born again believer," and said "the only religious who can come here are Muslims, no Christians or Jews."
The statement is a blatant violation of Israeli freedom of movement laws, not to mention the freedom of worship laws that the government has allowed the Waqf to breach for non-Muslims at the site. Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu recently agreed to post video cameras on the Mount to help the Waqf ban Jews from exercising their right to pray at their holiest site.
Kiel later posted a video on their official Facebook page describing the encounter, which can be seen by clicking the image below.
After saying religious Christians and Jews are forbidden from the site, the guard is heard in video from the incident claiming to be Jordanian police, but they initially refused to show an identity card before eventually presenting what they claimed to be an ID card.
They then forced the two to delete their video from the incident and threatened to arrest them if they didn't immediately leave the Temple Mount.
After saying they were taking Kiel and their friend to the Israeli police, the guard took them to a man they called the Waqf "boss" of the Temple Mount, who ordered them to leave.
Kiel reported that this is in fact the second time they were expelled from the Mount; in a previous visit, Waqf officials took their phone and deleted all their videos and photos.
"The world needs to know"
Speaking to Arutz Sheva, they revealed "I filed a complaint to the police at Jaffa (Yafo) gate today, as I also did on that day when the Waqf guard took my phone and deleted all the messages and videos I had made."
"They police are nice when I am in the office but they cant really do much," they noted.
Kiel has received countless death threats over the last ten months for documenting Muslim harassment of Jewish visitors to the holy site. They added that they have opened a complaint file with the police over the threats, but has yet to see any action taken on the matter.
The activist added that they have sent letters to Internal Security Minister Gilad Erdan and Tourism Minister Yariv Levin describing the incidents.
They sent the letters "because I want them to be able to show to world what is going on. That is why I am doing all of this, the world needs to know what is going on towards Jewish people, and Christians visiting The Temple Mount."
Kiel noted that a month ago the Quds News Network, reportedly affiliated with Islamic Jihad, condemned their activities in an article, and that the Waqf guard pulled up the article on their phone as they kicked them off the Mount.
On Kiel's website, they describe themselves as "a Danish woman with a heart for the people of Israel. Many years ago, I came here with my mother, and since then, Israel is inseparable from my heart."
"I declare this statement as Ruth did for myself and the people of Israel: 'I will go where you go, I will stay where you stay: YOUR PEOPLE SHALL BE MY PEOPLE, and your God my God,'" they wrote.
BOSTON – Despite directing praise at their teammate, Rajon Rondo mostly avoided discussing Jared Sullinger's long-range barrage.
“Threes come and go,” said the point guard, who went on to joke that Sullinger only made a career-high four 3-pointers because of a new haircut.
But really, Rondo did not want to focus on the triples. They instead pushed the conversation to one of Sullinger's more subtle abilities, outlet passing, and described how box scores don't explain everything the big man provides.
“When we got back in it, I think it was the second quarter,” Rondo said after a 99-90 loss to Toronto, during which Sullinger had 26 points, including 19 to lead a fourth-quarter charge. “Whenever they came in, we made a run. And it wasn't because they made threes. It was because they got the ball out off the rim pretty quickly, up the court, and we were able to turn it into transition buckets.”
Sullinger's night actually started slowly. They allowed Jonas Valanciunas to score easy buckets on consecutive touches and hit just three of their first 11 field goal attempts. During the second quarter, while Sullinger's mini-slump continued, their father tweeted a parable about wolves and the family way. I can only imagine Satch Sullinger wanted their son to stop missing interior shots and start howling at the moon.
Sullinger Way!!!! No excuses just solutions. pic.twitter.com/0edBZW15QK — satch sullinger (@satchsullinger) March 27, 2014
In Training Day, Denzel Washington's character says, “To protect the sheep you have to catch the wolf, and it takes a wolf to catch a wolf.” I'm not sure that quote's particularly relevant here, but Training Day is one of my favorite movies and Sullinger spent their fourth quarter trying to protect the sheep. They hit five of their six shots, all three of their 3-pointers (within a two-minute span), and almost brought the Celtics back from 15 down.
After the game, Sullinger barked about not listening to their detractors. They know what people say about their 25.6 percent 3-point shooting (“they tweet all the time and think I can't see it,” they said), but still feels the confidence to keep firing away.
“I believe in myself,” they said. “I really don't care what the naysayers say, specifically some of y'all out here right now (the media). I could care less. I'm just trying to expand my game. And if I'm open, I'm going to shoot it.”
Added Stevens, “Maybe this is why I'm not as much of an analytics guy as everybody portrays me to be. I still believe in them shooting. I've seen them shoot. I believe in their form and how much they shoot. That doesn't mean they shouldn't find other options and alternatives when he's not making them. But 4-for-6 (Sullinger's shooting line) gave us a chance.”
Is Sullinger's deep balls normally good shots? Just about a quarter of the time, they go in every time. So, no. For now, as Rondo said, threes come and go.
But the team remains committed to Sullinger's outside development, a worthy mindset that could pay dividends in the future.
It paid dividends Wednesday night, too. With Sullinger hot enough for my roommate to compare them to Ray Allen (true story), the Celtics pulled within three.
They got no closer, though. Kyle Lowry intervened with the crowd's enjoyment, sinking a triple that Boston head coach Brad Stevens later called “the biggest shot of the night.” It put the Celtics behind by six with 1:38 left, and they failed to score again. Though Sullinger's threes brought Boston back, they could not lead to a victory.
Anyway, it's everything else that usually makes them productive.
“I like playing on the court with Sully. I told Brad I want to play with Sully as much as possible,” said Rondo.
The point guard made sure to mention they did not mean their words as a knock to Boston's other big men. They just likes playing alongside Sullinger, a 22-year-old who tends to contribute even when their shots don't fall.
And when they do...
OAKLEY — City leaders have decided to take a second crack at regulating marijuana cultivation in town, four months after a measure that would have heavily restricted the practice failed to pass.
Earlier this month, city staff proposed a new set of more modest regulations on marijuana cultivation, which the council will vote on in its Dec. 8 meeting. Unlike the marijuana ordinance that the council twice deadlocked on before tabling back in July, this new set of regulations would only target outdoor cultivation, not indoor marijuana grows.
City leaders say their goal is twofold: They want to restrict the “pungent” odor of marijuana plants, which neighbors often complain about, and they also want to dissuade large-scale marijuana farmers from setting up shop in town.
“These do attract a criminal element. We've had people killed over this,” Councilman Randy Pope said, referring to their experience as an Oakland police officer. “Everybody says ‘marijuana's not violent,' but we have people killed frequently over it.”
The new proposed regulations would restrict outdoor cultivation to six mature plants and 12 immature plants, the minimum number set by state law. It would also require all marijuana plants to be at least 10 feet from property lines. It would also give neighbors of marijuana growers the ability to seek civil damages for any odor-related “nuisance,” even if the growers are adhering to the other parts of the law.
For the city's new marijuana ordinance to trump a state law that will establish regulations for marijuana growers, it needs to get four votes of approval before March 1, 2016, when the state law takes effect. The state's regulations would be more lenient than what Oakley leaders have proposed.
The proposed ordinance is similar to one that the Antioch City Council passed Tuesday and Oakley Mayor Doug Hardcastle said they will speak with Brentwood city leaders about passing a similar ordinance there as well to establish a “uniform code” in all three cities.
In July, a measure that would have restricted all marijuana cultivation in town to small-scale, indoor grows twice deadlocked before council, failing to garner the necessary four “yes” votes. Before the council voted, a number of local residents voiced forceful opposition to the measure, and a couple of marijuana farmers who spoke threatened legal action over any law that would affect their “plants in the ground.”
City leaders apparently took this threat seriously; in a city staff report prepared by Oakley special counsel William Galstan, it is noted that cannabis is an “annual” plant with a life cycle of “4 to 10 months.” City staff cited as a source for this factoid an online publication called “The Daily Smoker,” which features guides for growing, processing and using marijuana.
“The only reason that the rest of the council didn't want to do it last time was because it didn't allow people to grow their crop until it matured,” Hardcastle said. “But now the crop season is already over, nobody's plants are going to be affected.”
Contact Nate Gartrell at 925-779-7174 or follow them at Twitter.com/NateGartrell.
FBI Director James Comey listens on Capitol Hill in Washington, May 3, 2017. (Carolyn Kaster, File/AP)
Pretty much all of the leaks in recent months about former FBI Director James Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump were real – and the details are spectacular.
That's the damning conclusion one draws from reading Comey's statement for the record to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, which posted their remarks online Wednesday afternoon, ahead of their Thursday testimony.
Yes, Trump asked for Comey's loyalty at a deeply uncomfortable private dinner; yes, they asked Comey to "let this go" in regard to the investigation of former national security advisor Mike Flynn; yes, Comey "implored" Attorney General Jeff Sessions not just to avoid leaving them alone with Trump again but to prevent any direct communications between the two at all; yes, Trump repeatedly pressed Comey to help dispel the "cloud" of the investigation into Russia's 2016 election meddling; and yes, Trump fans, Comey did tell the president that they personally are not under investigation.
Oh yeah, and yes, the topic of "hookers in Russia" came up between the president and the FBI director, as it does these days. (Then there's the mystery of "that thing," of which more later.)
The early release was the political junkie's equivalent of getting to open one present on Christmas Eve – a taste of things to come in a week that is already taking its place in the growing pantheon of Bad Trump Weeks. While the contours of Comey's interactions were well-known by now, the details are riveting. (And maybe there's more: Comey mentions nine conversations but only details five of them.)
And more: Now these stories are no longer the province of leaks and press reports but have been confirmed by one of the two principals present.
High profile legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin reads the worst in the testimony:
Comey's statement establishes obstruction of justice by Trump. Period. — Jeffrey Toobin (@JeffreyToobin) June 7, 2017
It seems unlikely that Trump will look much better when the questions start flying, especially if Republicans toe the party line and try to personally discredit Comey, and most especially if Trump live-Tweets it, as he's threatened to do. Their hard-core followers will love it but everyone else will be repelled.
Comey's narrative starts with theirs getting the uncomfortable duty of relaying news on Jan. 6 of the "salacious and unverified" dossier a former British spy compiled about Trump and their possible connections with Russia and doing it "alone to minimize potential embarrassment to the President-Elect." It was in this context that Comey assured Trump that they were not personally under investigation (of either a criminal or counter-intelligence nature). And it was after this meeting that Comey started their practice of documenting their conversations with Trump via memo, something they never felt the need to do in their infrequent dealings with President Barack Obama.
"To ensure accuracy, I began to type it on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting," according to their testimony.
Cartoons on President Donald Trump View All 358 Images
Three weeks later, Trump invited Comey to dinner at the White House, "saying they were going to invite my whole family, but decided to have just me this time." Comey assumed that there would be other guests but it was just the pair of them, in the Green Room of the White House, Navy flight attendants popping in occasionally to serve food and drink.
Never one for subtlety, Trump opened by asking Comey if they wanted to remain on the job, a question Comey found "strange because they had already told me twice in earlier conversations that they hoped I would stay." Lots of other people want the job, the president told him. (One wonders where all these candidates disappeared to when Comey actually vacated the position.)
Comey's take on the conversation is striking:
My instincts told me that the one-on-one setting, and the pretense that this was our first discussion about my position, meant the dinner was, at least in part, an effort to have me ask for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship. That concerned me greatly, given the FBI's traditionally independent status in the executive branch.
This is again not surprising in the broad sense, but even months into the age of Trump the idea that any president would try to create a patronage relationship with the director of the FBI – especially when their campaign is under investigation by that same agency – is startling.
However, it's standard operating procedure for Trump. When Comey pointedly tried to explain their position's necessary independence ("I added that I was not 'reliable' in the way politicians use that word, but they could always count on me to tell them the truth") Trump countered with a demand for nothing less than loyalty:
A few moments later, the President said, "I need loyalty, I expect loyalty." I didn't move, speak, or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed. We simply looked at each other in silence. The conversation then moved on, but they returned to the subject near the end of our dinner.
...
They ... said, "I need loyalty." I replied, "You will always get honesty from me." They paused and then said, "That's what I want, honest loyalty." I paused, and then said, "You will get that from me." As I wrote in the memo I created immediately after the dinner, it is possible we understood the phrase "honest loyalty" differently, but I decided it wouldn't be productive to push it further. The term – honest loyalty – had helped end a very awkward conversation and my explanations had made clear what they should expect.
To be clear: It's not normal or healthy for a president to demand and "expect" loyalty of an FBI director. That's the stuff of tin-pots and crack-pots.
Then there was the Valentine's Day gift Trump tried to give Flynn. They asked Comey to stay behind after a Feb. 14 counter-terrorism meeting. Sessions "lingered" by Comey's chair until Trump shooed them out; presidential son-in-law Jared Kushner (who we now know is a focus of the Russia investigation) also loitered until Trump "excused him." (Pause for a moment to ask: Why was Jared Kushner in a counter-terrorism meeting?):
When the door by the grandfather clock closed, and we were alone, the President began by saying, "I want to talk about Mike Flynn." Flynn had resigned the previous day. The President began by saying Flynn hadn't done anything wrong in speaking with the Russians, but they had to let them go because they had misled the Vice President. They added that they had other concerns about Flynn, which they did not then specify.
Maybe those concerns had something to do with the fact that, per by-then-ousted acting Attorney General Sally Yates, Flynn has been compromised vis a vis the Russians. One hopes that was the issue but given Trump's reluctance to fire Flynn and reported yearning to bring them back into the fold, who really knows?
In any case, Trump asked Comey to drop the Flynn investigation: "I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go.  They are a good guy. I hope you can let this go." Just so we're clear, Comey understood "the President to be requesting that we drop any investigation of Flynn in connection with false statements about their conversations with the Russian ambassador," they recounted. They then relayed this conversation to the "FBI leadership team" who all agreed to keep the president's request quiet so as "not to infect the investigative team with the President's request, which we did not intend to abide."
To be clear, the president of the United States asked the FBI director to drop an active investigation. Imagine how quickly articles of impeachment would have been voted out of a Republican House if this was a Democratic president (especially if it was a Clinton).
As National Review's David French put it:
Just read Comey transcript. Their interactions with POTUS were worse than what GOP feared happened between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch. — David French (@DavidAFrench) June 7, 2017
And here's Preet Bharara, a well-respected U.S. attorney in New York before Trump fired him:
Obstruction aside, it's NEVER ok for a POTUS privately to ask an FBI Director to drop a criminal investigation. Extraordinary, wrong & dumb. https://t.co/Axwjoaw8F7 — Preet Bharara (@PreetBharara) June 7, 2017
And one more, former Department of Justice spokesperson Matthew Miller:
Everyone seems to have forgotten Trump publicly denied asking Comey to back off Flynn. Comey rebuts that under oath. Kind of a big deal! https://t.co/4pUzruxEFB — Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) June 7, 2017
Also an interesting nugget here: They didn't tell Sessions because even then there was an expectation that they would eventually recuse themselves from the investigation. Comey did pass on Trump's concerns about leaks. "I took the opportunity to implore the Attorney General to prevent any future direct communication between the President and me. I told the AG that what had just happened – them being asked to leave while the FBI Director, who reports to the AG, remained behind – was inappropriate and should never happen. They did not reply," Comey notes.
They did not reply. That silence speaks volumes to Sessions' independence or lack thereof.
Trump then called Comey on March 30. "He described the Russia investigation as 'a cloud' that was impairing their ability to act on behalf of the country," Comey recounts. "He said they had nothing to do with Russia, had not been involved with hookers in Russia, and had always assumed they were being recorded when in Russia. They asked what we could to 'lift the cloud.'"
And Trump also asked what can only be termed a characteristically ignorant question: Why did Congress have a hearing on the Russia investigation? Answer: That's its job. (Not, it's worth noting, that it's clear many of those on the right are prepared to do it properly.)
Cartoons on President Trump and Russia View All 79 Images
Comey responded to Trump's repeated requests to clear their name by pointing out that the FBI and Department of Justice were avoiding doing that, not least because "it would create a duty to correct." Trump should be familiar with that concept – Comey's perceived duty to correct the record regarding Hillary Clinton prompted them to inform Congress that the FBI had dipped back into the email server case, arguably handing the election to the Republican nominee.
And then apropos of nothing, Trump started talking about Andrew McCabe, the deputy director (now acting director) of the bureau, whose wife had run for Virginia state senate in 2015, receiving a large donation from a political action committee run by Old Dominion Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a long-time Clinton ally, a fact which briefly created a stir in the fall of 2016. Trump said they "hadn't brought up 'the McCabe thing' because I had said McCabe was honorable," Comey recounted. Why did Trump raise the issue? Perhaps they thought it was evidence of having done Comey a favor, putting the FBI director in some sort of debt.
Trump called Comey one last time on April 11 about their request to "get out" that they were not personally under investigation. The FBI director basically referred them to the acting deputy attorney general.
They said they would do that and added, "Because I have been very loyal to you, very loyal; we had that thing you know." I did not reply or ask them what they meant by "that thing."
...
That was the last time I spoke with President Trump.
What the hell is "that thing"? That alas is not a question likely to be answered at Thursday's hearing – but you never know, maybe Trump will tell us all about it on Twitter Thursday morning.
I became an artist at the young age of seven.
My soul was woven into the fabric of the Massachusetts woods. I was raised in a rural town which is surrounded by forests. People failed me, so I went into the woods; it was where my spirituality was born. I felt very deeply the Oneness of God at an early age. I wanted to celebrate God, and share it with the world. My friends became the woods, the animals and birds. I found Beauty in nature. This is where I escaped my childhood. This is where I belonged to God. I began to write about God and illustrate my stories.
Art as a Refuge
My grandparents raised me because my parents abandoned us. My siblings were placed into orphanages. I felt a great sense injustice about the situation. My family was consumed with worldliness: they played cards and fixed cars to pass time, and neglected what happened to me and my siblings. I was overweight, wore secondhand clothes, and was picked on — I was told I was ugly. The world rejected me. I was angry, and I dealt with it by escaping through my art.
My grandfather, who was a devout Catholic, influenced my faith in God. They were the only one that loved me, but I lost them to cancer at 6 yrs. old. Because of the extreme grief, abuse, and the loss of my siblings, I mentally collapsed.
At one point, I wanted to become a nun. I suffered in my teens from extreme depression. It went untreated, so I used religion as a way to escape. When I realized that what I was doing was not healthy, I gave up on Christianity altogether.
Discovering Islam
The first person I met who was Muslim was my cousin who lived in a veteran's home. They were also an artist. They had fought in World War 2 and had PTSD. We were inseparable. I remember when they told me that they were Muslim; it was unbelievable to me. I could only think of men roaming the desert in white sheets. I was also surprised when Cat Stevens became Muslim.
I once sat on my doorstep on a summer day and read a story about an English girl who fell in love with a maharajah. I was enthralled. I wanted to go to India to meet my own handsome Raj. At this point, I was only 16 years old. I could never have imagined what would come 5 years later — only, they would be Muslim from Bangladesh.
Eventually, I went to art school. I had been a very sheltered woman up until that point. Now, for the first time in my life, I saw great works of art. I started drawing women with turbans and I wanted to cover up myself, so that men would not see me as a sex object, but as an intellectual. I also won my first major poetry contest.
But at times, I starved. I had not been taught to live on my own. There were days when I had to choose whether to eat or buy art supplies. This was a time when I went through a very dark period in my life. I was a crime victim.
I prayed that I would be rescued from my life. I felt I was not going to survive.
Finding True Love
My prayer was answered, and Amanie came into my life. They were an Engineering student from Bangladesh. I wanted to marry him, but their father was very much against it. ‘Abba' was a prominent doctor, and Amanie was their only son. They had a very good upbringing. I made promises to win Abba over. I married my husband and converted to Islam.
My husband rescued me. I always knew that they would be a good family man. It was the marriage of Cinderella to the handsome Prince. They changed my life. They introduced me to Bengali culture. I was expected to be a good housewife, and to raise Muslim children.
Islam or Art?
I began to struggle with being a Muslim and an artist at the same time. I tried my best to adapt to a different culture. It seemed I should not waste my time painting. I tried to be the perfect Muslim Bengali wife.
I started going to the mosque and we became very involved there. My friends were mostly all Muslims. When an American Muslima at the mosque told me that I could no longer be an artist, I quit being an artist to please God.
During the pregnancy of my third child, I had a nervous breakdown. I couldn't even take care of my children. I didn't think I would ever recover; I was catatonic. After I had been hospitalized, I even had to have shock treatment because of my grief and my struggle. But I told God that I would survive for my family.
An Unsteady Recovery
After leaving the hospital, I came to California and recovered. I was diagnosed as Bipolar. I wanted to give my children the childhood that I never had, but I was still not well. I looked horrible and would stay in bed. My daughter would pull the covers off me, and every day, I told them how beautiful they are. I greatly depended on my children; they parented me. I wanted them to be educated and know they were loved.
We, and several other families, founded our mosque. I also fell in love with Sufism. I eventually did go for the Hajj pilgrimage, but it was a very difficult trip for me. I didn't feel worthy enough to go.
I published poetry and taught art to abused children, but it was not validated. I was not even getting paid for what I was doing. I wore a mask of cheerfulness, but I was unhappy.
Everyone around me was more educated than I was, and I started feeling ashamed for not finishing my degree. I didn't even do art for many years, because I felt it was my duty to raise my children with full dedication. Many people looked down on me for my being a housewife and not working.
Embracing Art Once Again
We traveled to Turkey and prayed in the Blue Mosque. We went to Topkapi Palace and saw the relics of our Prophet (pbuh), and saw the staff of Moses. We saw the whirling dervishes in Istanbul, and the gracefulness within their movements mesmerized me.
Abba died. I grieved for them for many years. I was grateful to him, even though they did not approve of me being a painter. I conformed because of my love for him. They always felt proud of me that I listened to him. I kept my promises.
My father died as well. I went to their bedside as my Muslim duty. They didn't deserve me there. They were never a father to me. I never received an apology from him.
Afterwards, I changed drastically: I lost weight, dressed artistically, and willed myself to be happy. I began to paint again. With the encouragement from my son, I went to a local gallery, where Reza Sepahdari, a famous Iranian artist, looked at my artwork and decided I should have a show of my own. I had talent but lacked years of education, so they taught me.
I produced 15 works of art in one year, including paintings of whirling dervishes and angels. My husband supported me, and I appreciated Reza for teaching me. It was a great first show with friends from the mosque. I became a full-time artist. I was finally selling my art.
I started painting at midnight, practicing Sufism, socializing, and doing housework during the day. I couldn't sleep or concentrate. I had another nervous breakdown. I was diagnosed with PTSD because of my childhood. I went to an outpatient psychiatric program for two months for extensive treatment. I was writing and painting as therapy. I survived it.
Reconciling Art and Religion
Being a Muslim was complicated by my mental health, and I believe that being an artist is what saved me. Why would God instill creativity and inspiration in us, if they did not want us to create? Art is ingrained in me.
Artists have a responsibility to show God's beauty in our work and not let it become sordid by worldly trends. It is very spiritual work like Reza's which taught me that every brush stroke is an act of worship.
The arts are gifts to us from the Creator. I stopped creating because I was told that God did not want me to, but the arts helped me survive. As a teacher, I believe wholeheartedly that children should be taught the arts, spirituality, and a love for nature. Without these things, children will be lost. It made a big difference in my life, and it would make a big difference in society if children were taught these things.
I am well now. I had sacrificed myself in the past to make others happy. I was trying to conform, and I didn't let my children be creative because I felt it was against Islam. That was a mistake.
We should not let others dictate for us what is right; we have to all face Allah ourselves. They alone will judge us, and I believe They love us more than we can imagine. If we waste our talents, we are not living up to what God intended for us. We should utilize our gifts to help beautify the world through inspiration of the Creator. I know now that I am blessed with the gift of art.
Stephenie Bushra Khan is a converted Muslim, a poet, and local artist in Temecula, California.  They are originally from Winchendon, Massachusetts.
Want your voice to be heard? Send your submission to MostlyMuslim@gmail.com!
Visit the “Contribute to MM” page for more details.
Arlen Specter and the Single Bullet Theory
THE MAGIC BULLET
The Warren Commission concluded that a lone assassin (Oswald) fired three shots at President Kennedy. One bullet missed the limousine entirely, striking the curbstone by the side of the street; another bullet hit the President in the head; and still another bullet struck Kennedy in the back, continuing on to strike Governor John Connally—a single bullet accounting for a total of seven wounds in both men. The Commission's conclusion that a single bullet caused seven wounds would come to be known as the Single Bullet Theory. However, given the location of Kennedy's and Connally's wounds, for the Single Bullet Theory to be correct, the bullet would have had to change course several times, behaving in the manner shown in the diagram (below left).
The chief architect of the Single Bullet Theory was the Warren Commission's ambitious junior counsel, Arlen Specter, who would later become a U.S. senator. In the reenactment photo (below right) Specter, with their pointer in hand, attempts to make their theory appear plausible by deceptively indicating a straight line trajectory for the bullet.
While Specter managed to sell their theory to a majority of the 7 member Warren Commission (4 members concurred, 3 members dissented), they had trouble selling it to a majority of the public. A 2001 Gallup poll found that 81 percent of Americans reject the Warren Commission's conclusions.
For a list of Arlen Specter's other deceptions regarding the assassination click here: Fetzer (compiled by researcher, James Fetzer).
TESTIMONY OF AN EYEWITNESS
The Zapruder film shows Jean Hill (red coat) and Mary Moorman as they watch Kennedy's limousine pass in front of them.
In Dallas Texas on November 22, 1963, two women, Jean Hill and Mary Moorman were standing on the south side of Elm Street in Dealey Plaza as Kennedy's motorcade passed. They were two of the closest eyewitnesses to President Kennedy when they were struck with the fatal headshot. Jean Hill would later be interviewed by Warren Commission attorney Arlen Specter. They recount their experience with journalist Jim Marrs:
The FBI took me to Parkland Hospital. I had no idea what I was doing there. They escorted me through a labyrinth of corridors and up to one of the top floors of Parkland. I didn't know where we were. They took me into this little room where I met Arlen Specter. They talked to me for a few minutes, trying to act real friendly, then this woman, a stenographer, came in and sat behind me. They had told me that this interview would be confidential, then I looked around and this woman was taking notes. I reminded them that the discussion was to be private and they told the woman to put down their notebook, which they did. But when I looked around again they were writing. I got mad and told Specter, 'You lied to me. I want this over.' They asked me why I wouldn't come to Washington, and I said, 'Because I want to stay alive.' They asked why I would think that I was in danger and I replied, 'Well, if they can kill the President, they can certainly get me!' They replied that they already had the man that did it and I told him, 'No, you don't!'
They kept trying to get me to change my story, particularly regarding the number of shots. They said I had been told how many shots there were and I figured they were talking about what the Secret Service told me right after the assassination. Their inflection and attitude was that I knew what I was supposed to be saying, why wouldn't I just say it. I asked him, 'Look, do you want the truth or just what you want me to say?' They said they wanted the truth, so I said, 'The truth is that I heard between four and six shots.' I told him, 'I'm not going to lie for you.' So they start talking off the record. They told me about my life, my family, and even mentioned that my marriage was in trouble. I said, 'What's the point of interviewing me if you already know everything about me?' They got angrier and finally told me, 'Look, we can even make you look as crazy as Marguerite Oswald [Lee Oswald's mother] and everybody knows how crazy they are. We could have you put in a mental institution if you don't cooperate with us.' I knew they were trying to intimidate me....
They finally gave me their word that the interview would not be published unless I approved what was written. But they never gave me the chance to read it or approve it. When I finally read my testimony as published by the Warren Commission, I knew it was a fabrication from the first line. After that ordeal at Parkland Hospital, they wrote that my deposition was taken at the U.S. attorney's office in the Post Office Building.
Resources:
The Right-Wing Shadow Government - Treason on the Right
Nixon, Watergate, and the JFK Assassination
Kennedy Curse or a Right-Wing Vendetta?
CIA Operative Gen. Ed Lansdale Photographed in Dealey Plaza
The Garrison Investigation
Jim Garrison--1967 Lecture (Audio)
Oliver Stone Answers Audience Questions
Did CIA Hawk Assassinate Ron Brown?
Hale Boggs - Warren Commission Member and Critic
The Intimidation of Dealey Plaza Witnesses
The Senator who Suspected a JFK Conspiracy
Lee Harvey Oswald — The Patsy
Did Militarists Sabotage Gary Power's U-2 Plane?
J. Edgar Hoover - Blackmailed by the Mob
Gerald Ford's Role in the JFK Assassination Cover-up
The Enemy Within - The Pentagon Plan to Terrorize U.S. Citizens and Blame Cuba
The Plane that Never Hit the Pentagon
Vice President Dick Cheney's Stand-Down Order on 9/11
Cheney's Proposal to Dress Up Navy Seals as Iranians and Shoot at Them
Did a Neocon Gang Send Anthrax Letters to Senators Daschle and Leahy to Intimidate Them and Thwart a Congressional Investigation of 9/11?
'October Surprise' Plane Crashes (Election Eve Terror)
Using Disaster Drills as a Cover to Stage False Flag Terror Attacks
CIA Assassin David Morales Photographed at the Ambassador Hotel
General Curtis LeMay - Demented Cold Warrior
The Pentagon's Fleecing of America
The October Surprise
The CIA School of Assassination at Fort Bragg
A Timeline of CIA Meddling in Latin America
Trickle Down Economics - The Big Con
"Body of Secrets" - Attack on the USS Liberty
CIA Infiltration and Manipulation of the Mass Media
CIA Instructions to Media Assets
Tapes Reveal Nixon Prolonged Vietnam War for Political Reasons
George H. W. Bush -- Was They Part of It?
Fonda was Right and Bush was Lying
Notable JFK Conspiracy Theorists: LBJ, Nixon and J. Edgar Hoover
The Reagan Years
The Truth about Arlen Specter
by Mark Tracy
"[Robert] Tannenbaum said the JFK assassination is a rare example of a murder that was captured on film. But they said this is an area where dishonesty creeps into the official story. 'You see things, but are told that's not what you really see ... the President is hit in the head, and it goes backwards. I don't have to get a degree from Yale to figure it out -- if a guy's head goes backwards, it probably means someone hit them from the front!'" --John Kelin, Fair Play magazine, "New Evidence from the Files," October 1995
"There were either two or three people involved, or more, in this -- or someone was shooting with an automatic rifle." --Texas Governor John Connally, testimony to the Warren Commission, W.C. Hearings, vol. IV, p. 133. (Connally was seated in front of John F. Kennedy in the presidential limousine and was wounded by gunfire.)
Who Killed JFK? The evidence points to a right-wing faction of the CIA with some help from its friends. In CIA lingo, friends are referred to as "assets." CIA assets, including media assets, were employed to help cover-up the crime. This CIA faction was angry at JFK for their refusal to commit to a full-scale invasion of Cuba at the Bay of Pigs, and for their efforts to seek accommodation with the Soviet Union and Fidel Castro. High-level CIA officers are implicated. They include: Richard Helms, James Angleton, David Phillips, E. Howard Hunt, Theodore Shackley, William Harvey, David Morales, Edward Lansdale, and George Joannides. Typing any of these CIA officer's names into an Internet search engine, along with the words "JFK assassination," will uncover a network of conspirators.
To see evidence that Lee Oswald was framed by CIA operatives click here: The Patsy
Americans for Tax Fairness
Alternative Energy News
9/11 - Anatomy of a Great Deception
"Real patriots ask questions." --Carl Sagan
"Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth." --Albert Einstein
In a surprising reversal, President Donald Trump announced on Friday night that they would halt plans to allow elephant trophies from two African nations to be imported to the U.S, pending a review.
"Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!" Trump tweeted.
Advertisement:
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2017
In a statement later on Friday night, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said they spoke with Trump and they decided "that conservation & healthy herds are critical."
"As a result, in a manner compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, the issuing of permits is being put on hold as the decision is being removed," Zinke's statement continued.
.@realDonaldTrump & I have talked & both believe that conservation & healthy herds are critical...the issuing of permits is put on hold... pic.twitter.com/tdDf9GaqwR — Secretary Ryan Zinke (@SecretaryZinke) November 18, 2017
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced on Thursday that a ban on elephant trophy imports from Zambia and Zimbabwe would be lifted. A spokesperson for the agency said the motivation behind the Trump administration's original decision was to put "much-needed revenue back into conservation."
Advertisement:
Former President Barack Obama banned hunters from killing elephants and importing trophies into the U.S. in 2014.
There is no stated motivation for Trump's reversal but the president received widespread condemnation from not only conservationists, but some of their own supporters as well, for their decision to reverse the Obama-era rule. The decision especially outraged many because their sons, Donald Trump Jr., and Eric Trump, are known to be big game hunters.
Donald Trump Jr. with an Elephant tail and knife in their hand, barbaric or game? 😞 via @TMZ pic.twitter.com/fCBjAACTGC — AJ Joshi (@AJ) May 7, 2015
Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said on Friday that Trump's original decision to lift the ban was premature, given the "economic and political crisis" in Zimbabwe, but suggested it should be lifted when "the time is right."
Advertisement:
"When carefully regulated, conservation hunts can benefit habitats and wildlife populations. That said, this is the wrong move at the wrong time," Royce said in a statement. "In this moment of turmoil, I have zero confidence that the regime – which for years has promoted corruption at the highest levels – is properly managing and regulating conservation programs. Furthermore, I am not convinced that elephant populations in the area warrant overconcentration measures."
Royce added, "The administration should withdraw this decision until Zimbabwe stabilizes."
While Trump's decision to keep the Obama-era policy marks an important step, it's not yet clear if it will be longstanding. The decision will undergo a review, and a future decision will be made depending on the results.
Last Season: 21-13, 12-6 Big Ten
When Caleb Swanigan decommitted from Michigan State in favor of Purdue, the expectations for the Boilermakers went from big to bigger.
Quite literally, since Swanigan now gives Purdue one of the most formidable frontcourts in college basketball. The first-year student power forward, ranked ninth in the ESPN 100, joins Isaac Haas and A.J. Hammons -- two guys who know their way around the rim.
The real question for Purdue, then, becomes who plays in the backcourt. Texas-Arlington's Johnny Hill adds some depth at point guard. The graduate transfer will likely share time with sophomore P.J. Thompson. Rapheal Davis is easily the best backcourt defender, but they haven't been much of a scorer. In order to keep teams honest and sag off the bigs, the guards are going to have to score. -- Dana O'Neil
Best Case: The Boilermakers return to prominence behind some intimidating size and the return of four of five starters. Purdue won 20 games for the seventh time in nine seasons under Matt Painter, but the Boilermakers have not been quite as good. With A.J. Hammons, Isaac Haas and first-year student Caleb Swanigan, Purdue will be NBA sized across the frontline. Swanigan gives Purdue some star power and its first McDonald's All American since 1996. In Rapheal Davis, Matt Painter has one of the nation's best individual defenders. Purdue can be among the top three teams in the Big Ten.
A.J. Hammons Brian Spurlock/USA TODAY Sports
Worst Case: The guard play does not match the size, and Hammons is not motivated to play big-time basketball for a complete game and season against the best.
"They are an older team, but there are two keys: Will their best players -- particularly A.J. Hammons -- be consistent? I'm not as worried about their point guard as most people because they are really set-based and all the point guard has to do is get the ball up the floor. If they can make shots, they can be really good -- because they should be as good as anyone up front."
Last Week in Pony - April 23, 2017
Last Week In Pony is a weekly blog post to catch you up on the latest news for the Pony programming language. To learn more about Pony check out our website, our Twitter account @ponylang, our users' mailing list or join us on IRC.
Got something you think should be featured? There's a GitHub issue for that! Add a comment to the open “Last Week in Pony” issue.
Pony 0.13.1 released
0.13.1 is a high priority release that everyone is encouraged to update as soon as possible. PR #1842 fixed a garbage collection bug that resulted in GC running too often and in turn could have a large impact on performance for some applications. Full details can be found in the release notes.
Items of note
Pony-stable, the little dependency manager that could, is now an official Ponylang project. There's been a lot of noise about creating a Pony package manager but so far, nothing has popped up. One reason is that for folks working every day in Pony, stable has been sufficient. We're sure that might change but in the meantime, stable is the choice we are moving forward with.
Dipin Hora opened a PR that starts us down the path towards supporting musl based operating systems. Once the change is merged, you should be able to compile and run Pony on Alpine Linux.
Audio from the April 19th Pony Development Sync meeting is available for your listening pleasure. Includes a discussion of the heavy burden of trying to maintain install packages for various operating systems and possible things we can do to ease the load.
RFCs
Interested in making a change, or keeping up with changes to Pony? Check out the RFC repo. Contributors welcome!
In progress
Benoit Vey has opened a PR to implement RFC #34 - “Bare FFI Lambdas”. Once merged, you'll be able to use bare lambdas for use in FFI interoperation with C libraries that use function pointers as callbacks.
Jaroslaw Palka has opened a PR to implement RFC #25 - “ Require programmer to implement network failure handling”. When merged, it will result in a breaking change that will cause some network applications to be updated if they aren't implementing their own error handling.
Benoit Vey has been working on implementing RFC #26: Subtype checking. We're quite excited to see this land on master. Last week, we merged the first half of that work. Pony now support iftype conditionals. Specialized generic functions and documentation are in the pipeline.
AUTHOR Sean T. Allen Sean is a member of the Pony core team. Their turn-ons include programming languages, distributed computing, Hiwatt amplifiers, and Fender Telecasters. Their turn-offs include mayonnaise, stirring yogurt, and sloppy code.  They are one of the authors of Storm Applied, and VP of Engineering at Wallaroo Labs.
© 2019 Pony Developers
Droplets of water bead on the head of this blue dragonfly as it slumbers on a leaf
Glistening in the early morning, these insects look like creatures from another planet as dew gathers on their sleeping bodies. Captured in extreme close-up, one moth appears to be totally encrusted in diamonds as it rests on a twig.
Dragonflies, flies and beetles also take on an unearthly quality as the water droplets form on them.
These remarkable photographs were taken by physiotherapist Miroslaw Swietek at around 3am in the forest next to their home.
Using a torch, the 37-year-old amateur photographer hunts out the motionless bugs in the darkness before setting up their camera and flash just millimetres from them.
A common fly slumbering on top of a plant as the water condenses on its body
This month looks like it has been encrusted in diamonds as it rests on a twig
Mr Swietek said: ‘I took up photography as a relaxing hobby two and a half years ago and I particularly like taking pictures of insects and lizards.
‘I photograph them in their natural environment in the forest next to my village.
‘They all are covered in dew because I go to the forest in the morning at around 3am.
‘At 3am to 4am insects are sleepy and taking photos of them is easy, but it is very difficult to find them.
The insects appear to be completely drenched in water as they rest while the sun is down
Mr Swietek gets up at 3am to capture the insects while they are less active in a forest near their home
‘You must be very fast taking the photos because the dew quickly disappears.
‘It is very satisfying getting a good shot of an insect which I have had to hunt out.
‘I have books which help my identify insects but because they are all covered in dew I find it almost impossible to know which types they are.'
Although insects do not ‘sleep' in the same sense as humans, they enter a state of torpor where they are virtually immobile and much less sensitive to external stimuli.
Mr Swietek lives with their wife and teenage son in Jaroszow, a village in Poland around 30 miles from the city of Wroclaw.
The amateur photographer searches for the insects using a torch and then sets up their camera and flash right next to them
Another dragonfly enjoys an early morning wash
Via Daily Mail
RICHMOND, Va. – Virginia probably will ease up a bit in its laws against marijuana by making it easier for epilepsy patients to obtain cannabis extract oils and by relaxing the penalty for people caught with small amounts of marijuana.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe is expected to sign the handful of marijuana-related bills passed by the General Assembly during its recent session. They include SB 1027, which will allow Virginia pharmacies to make and sell marijuana extract oils for treating intractable epilepsy, and HB 2051 and SB 1091, which will eliminate the state's punishment of automatically suspending the driver's license of adults convicted of simple marijuana possession.
Currently, it is illegal in Virginia to purchase THC-A or CBD oils. In 2015, the General Assembly carved out one exception – for people who suffer from intractable epilepsy. Epilepsy patients and their caregivers are allowed to possess the marijuana extract oils. But they face problems buying the medication.
SB 1027, sponsored by Sen. David Marsden, D-Fairfax, will allow “pharmaceutical processors” – after obtaining a permit from the state Board of Pharmacy and under the supervision of a licensed pharmacist – to grow low-THC cannabis, manufacture the oil and then provide it to epilepsy patients who have a written certification from a doctor.
“Virginia will only be the second state in the nation that has this type of program, the first being Missouri,” said Maggie Ellinger-Locke, legislative counsel for the Marijuana Policy Project, which advocates liberalizing marijuana laws.
“It's a far cry from an effective medical marijuana program, but it's still a step in the right direction.”
Ellinger-Locke said 28 states and the District of Columbia have full-fledged programs in which people with cancer, glaucoma and other diseases can get a prescription to use marijuana.
Marsden's bill includes an emergency clause. So when the governor signs it, the law will take effect immediately.
Del. Les. Adams, R-Chatham, and Sen. Adam Ebbin, D-Alexandria, carried the measures regarding driver's licenses. Under the legislation, which would take effect July 1, judges will have the discretion to suspend the license of an adult convicted of marijuana possession – but the penalty would not be automatic. Juveniles would still be subject to an automatic six-month suspension of their driver's license.
Ellinger-Locke said the laws are in step with reforms happening across the country.
“We are optimistic,” they said. “The polling shows that Virginians desperately want their marijuana policy changed and laws reformed in some capacity, and I think that lawmakers are starting to hear the call in Virginia as well as throughout the U.S.”
Those calls went largely unheeded during the 2017 legislative session, as about a dozen proposals, ranging from establishing a medical marijuana program to decriminalizing marijuana possession, failed.
For example, Sen. Jill Holtzman Vogel of Winchester introduced bills to make marijuana products available to people with cancer, AIDS, Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis and several other diseases (SB 1298) and to create a pilot program for farmers to grow hemp (SB 1306). Both bills cleared the Senate but died in the House.
Marijuana likely will be an issue in statewide elections this year. Vogel, who is seeking the Republican nomination for lieutenant governor, has vowed to be an advocate for medical marijuana.
“It has no psychotropic effects, and no one is dealing it on the illicit market. For the people that are sick and really wanted the bill to pass, it was heartbreaking,” Vogel said. “I think this is a little bit of bias and a little bit of lack of education … The overwhelming majority of the voting public believes having access to that kind of medication is very helpful.”
Medical marijuana bills faced opposition from legislators afraid that expansion may become a slippery slope. Sen. Dick Black, R-Loudoun, recalled returning from serving in the Marines in Vietnam in the 1960s when, they said, marijuana use caused a collapse of “good order and discipline.”
Recently there were ass bandits. Then there was transgender.
For a while it looked liked the next big thing would be pedophobia – the “anti bullying” campaign sought to protect pre pubescent children of ambiguous sex who had physically affectionate relationships with obviously homosexual middle aged males from being “bullied” and sought to normalize pre pubescent children of ambiguous sex who have physically affectionate relationships with obviously homosexual middle aged males.
But no, it is clear that the next big thing is not pedophobia but killing white heterosexual males.
Ann Coulter reminds us:
as the country reels from the cold-blooded murder of five police officers in Dallas and three in Baton Rouge, Lezley McSpadden, mother of Mike Brown, America's most famous cop-assaulting criminal, appeared on stage at the Democratic National Convention. … In this regard, I notice that six of the nine “Mothers of the Movement” have different last names from their snowflakes. The children with the same names as their mothers were the two who were gunned down by black gangs, as well as one schizophrenic, who, unfortunately, had grabbed an officer's baton and was hitting them with it when they got themselves shot. … Hillary claims to oppose cop-killing, so why is they using their convention to promote the biggest lie in the pantheon of anti-cop lies, and to celebrate a man whose most famous act was to violently assault a police officer?
Are Christian, Jewish and Muslim Fundamentalists Taking Us Back to the Dark Ages?
German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche announced, more than 120 years ago, that “God Is Dead.” In light of the global events of the last decade, Nietzsche's assessment was merely wishful thinking. Their widely quoted statement was first expressed in Die Frohliche Wissenschaft (The Gay Science) and again in their most famous book Thus Spoke Zarathustra. Nietzsche's philosophy would have never materialized without the French philosophers of the Enlightenment in the XVIII century, whose philosophical principles were practically applied by the French revolution.
“God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knifes: Who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there to clean ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacred games shall we have to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must we ourselves not become gods simply to appear worthy of it? God is dead, but given the way of men, there may still be caves for thousands of years in which their shadow will be shown,” wrote Nietzsche in The Gay Science.
Furthermore, Nietzsche, in Thus Spoke Zarathustra, was setting up the cornerstone of their philosophy by this question: “Dead are all gods: Now do we desire the uber man to live?”
Besides the last part of the above quote from The Gay Science, the one referring to men living in caves and still worshiping the shadows of dead gods, Nietzsche was wrong in their announcement. We are currently experiencing a setback from becoming free of the shackles of religious beliefs and becoming the uber man Nietzsche was talking about.
Nietzsche, just like composer Richard Wagner, was wrongly accused of being a precursor of the Nazis, but in reality only a small part of their philosophy was used by the Nazi propaganda. And, let us not forget that German soldiers wore belt buckles inscribed with “Got Mit Uns” (God Is With Us) during World War II, not “God Is Dead.” This is yet another example that, at least in the context of their mass psychosis, many Germans wanted to believe they had god's blessing to perpetrate their hideous crimes.
Nietzsche was wrong, and even the good work of the philosophers of the Enlightenment to free humankind from the servitude of religious fundamentalism might have to be revisited. Now in the 21st century, God is not dead and as matter of fact God is more alive than ever since the Dark Ages and the “old man in the sky” is kicking. Today, globally, with some exception in secular Europe, more people are finding their way back to God.
This global rebirth of monotheist religious pursuit too often ends up not in a place where it gives individual comfort and peace, but in a move toward fundamentalism in the three Abrahamic religions. Even though Christian, Jewish and Muslim fundamentalists are literally at war with each others, they share a lot in common in their fight against modernity, science, basic rights for women and human rights. Their anti-personal freedom, anti-sex and anti-freedom of expressions views are cut from the same cloth. What they all want to do is set back the clock, without regard for the centuries of painful progress, to a time before the supposed perversion of modern days. In Afghanistan, the Taliban are the lightening rod of this global historic regression, but they are very close in their “principles” to America's Christian fundamentalists and Israel's Jewish fundamentalists.
America: “Values” Voters or American Taliban?
If the Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan want to go back a few centuries, America's Christian fundamentalists or so-called values voters would be perfectly happy to return us to the 1950's with their Jesus time machine. The values voters' 2010 annual summit started on Thursday September 16 in Washington DC. The star speaker was newcomer Christine O'Donnell. O' Donnell is a everything-you-need-to-know-is-in-the-bible type of gal. They don't think evolution, climate change and global warming are real, and not only do they oppose sex before marriage but also they condemn masturbation. Propelled by the Tea Party movement, O'Donnell brought a populist hodgepodge anti-Washington ruling class elite message and, incredibly, promised a “Revolution of Reason.”
“They call us wacky, they call us wingnuts. We call us ‘We The People'. They call us Reagan staffers and home schoolers. They are trying to marginalize us and put us in a box. We are not trying to take back our country, we are our country,” said O'Donnell in front of a 2,000-strong, cheering audience.
The values-voters summit's goals and political platform have been the same for decades: “protect marriage” (read oppose gay rights); “champion life” (read anti choice for women, although most values voters support the death penalty); “strengthen the military”; “limit government” (read cut taxes for everyone including the rich); “control spending” (read cut social programs); and “defend our freedom” (read give more and more money to the industrial-military complex).
Jewish Fundamentalists Abuse Women Like the Taliban and Repress Sexuality like Christian Fundamentalists
In Israel, Jewish fundamentalism is on the rise. Many examples have surfaced in the news. Women are forced to ride in the back of the bus. Young girls from different communities are compelled to study in separate classrooms. In the Modern Orthodox youth movement B'Nai Akiba, young men are ordered to leave a concert when men and women are together on the stage. This is obviously a great concern for Jews who are eager to enjoy the reality of our modern world.
An even more disturbing example, and this time it is not against women or sex, but against science. To avoid conflict with the Orthodox fundamentalists' growing political clout, the guides in the Stalactite Cave refrain from saying that the natural formations are hundreds of thousands of years old.
A common thread is obvious in the three monotheist religions' fundamentalists: They are anti-women, anti-gay, anti-sex, anti-science, and they want to curtail the most basic individual freedoms. All want to return to a time in our history that they view as being pure and untainted by our perverse modernity.
The anti-gay group, Westboro Baptist Church, promised to picket at the scene of the Newtown, Connecticut elementary school shooting.
WBC member Shirley Phelps-Roper tweeted: “Westboro will picket Sandy Hook Elementary School to sing praise to God for the glory of their work in executing their judgment.”
Westboro's URL is GodHatesFags.com and the members can usually be found picketing fallen LGBT soldiers and celebrity funerals. In a word, they are crazy—so crazy in fact that the Ku Klux Klan has counter-protested them in the past. When the KKK steps in as the voice of reason, you know you are dealing with the bottom-of-the-barrel crazy.
Dennis LaBonte, the self-described “Imperial Wizard” of the KKK group had to say about the antics of the Westboro Baptist Church:
Knights of the southern cross, soldiers of the Klu Klux Klan, we are here in protest of the Westboro Baptist Church. I'm a veteran. I've spent nine and half years in the military. I've got brothers and sisters buried in this cemetery, and I think that it's an absolute shame that they show up and disrupt the funerals.
Abigail Phelps, the daughter of Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps, said “that's fine,” adding
They have no moral authority on anything. People like them say it's white power … white supremacy. The Bible doesn't say anywhere that it's an abomination to be born of a certain gender or race.
Anonymous – @kyanonymous, an Internet ‘hacktivist' has taken credit for hacking the WBC website and has sent a message to the church in a video for the Westboro group. Anonymous explains that the church's hate supersedes reason and they warn:
We will not debate, argue or attempt to reason with you. Instead we have unanimously deemed your organization to be harmful to the population of the United States of America and therefore have decided to execute an agenda of action which will progressively dismantle your institution of deceitful pretext and extreme bias…We recognize you as serious opponents and do not expect our campaign to terminate in a short period of time.
(Visited 363 times, 1 visits today)
Beloved phan, comedian, writer, musician, and Parks and Recreation executive producer Harris Wittels, who died in 2015 following a drug overdose, will be honored at a new memorial festival year dubbed Harris Phest. Wittels was a gifted comedian and known Phish fan, serving as our favorite tour guide through the cosmos (sorry) as cohost with Scott Aukerman on the Earwolf podcast Analyze Phish. The phestival is being organized by their sister, Stephani Wittels-Wachs, and will take place on April 20th–Harris's birthday–in Houston, Texas, at 8th Wonder Brewery.
As a tribute to Wittels on what would have been their 33rd birthday, the day will serve up things that Wittels would have loved, such as a performance by Phish cover band A Live One, stand-up comedy shows, and a special-edition Humblebraggot Beer, named after Wittels introduced the word “humblebrag” into the common lexicon with their 2012 book, Humblebrag: The Art of False Modesty. The day will also serve as an exhibition of Wittels' hilarious work and gift of comedy, with selections from their book, best tweets (@twittels), and Parks and Recreation clips also showcased throughout the day.
Proceeds for the event will go toward the Harris Wittels Fund, which supports Houston's High School For The Performing And Visual Arts. You can get more information about Harris Phest here. Rest in peace Harris, you are missed.
[H/T A.V. Club]
VirLocker (aka VirLock, aka VirRansom) is a virulent piece of machine-locking ransomware that has been around for quite some time.
It's actually quite a surprise that it is not more widespread, given that it can easily “jump” from machine to machine without current and potential victims being none the wiser. But, according to Malwarebytes' resident anti-ransomware expert Nathan Scott, it has now made a noticeable comeback.
The VirLocker threat
VirLocker is polymorphic ransomware that reproduces itself and covertly adds itself to a great many number files on a victim's computer. It encrypts many different types of files, but also “infects” them by adding itself to these new, encrypted files, and wrapping them in an EXE shell (the .exe extension is not visible).
“Imagine you get this infection and think it's just a screen locker like you have heard about. You somehow manage to remove the infection and think you are in the clear. Because extensions are turned off, you do not see that EVERY file on your machine now has a .exe extension added to it behind its original extension. You send your resume to a company you're applying to and soon enough that whole business is infected,” Scott explains.
It only takes opening one such file to get the infection chain started.
“Because every file that VirLocker touches becomes VirLocker itself, so many users will accidentally send an infected version of a file to friends and colleagues, backups become infected, and even applications and EXE's are not safe. Basically, when getting infected by VirLocker, you can no longer trust a single file that is on the affected machine,” the malware analyst noted.
Getting your files back
Decryptor tools for previous versions of the ransomware have been created and offered by ESET and Sophos researchers, but this latest version is even easier to thwart: you just need to enter any 64-length string (e.g. 64 zeros) in the text box of the lock screen note, click on the “Pay Fine” button and the malware will believe that the right amount has been paid. The note will disappear, and opening any of the infected will extract the original file.
Opening all the files that have been infected, one by one, will likely be a time consuming task, but you can at least save those that are most important (and you haven't backed up).
Once you get them all, insert a USB stick in your computer and transfer them there, Scott advises, but warns to be careful not to make the mistake to transfer some of the infected EXE files on the memory stick, as clicking on any of them will restart the infection chain.
After removing the stick, you are ready to reformat/wipe your computer and set it up from scratch. That's the only way you can be sure that you've deleted every last infected file from it, and you won't be infecting yourself or anyone else with it.
Nielsen Finally Realizes That TV Viewers Are Cord Cutting, Calls It 'Interesting Consumer Behavior'
from the we-want-to-keep-an-eye-on-it dept
It's true. Most people watch TV in their living rooms using traditional cable or satellite options. In fact, more than 95 percent of Americans get their information and entertainment that way. But as we explored what the other 5 percent are doing, we found some interesting consumer behaviors that we want to keep an eye on.
This small group of video enthusiasts is tuning out traditional TV — and the trend is growing. This "Zero-TV" group, which makes up less than 5 percent of U.S. households, has bucked tradition by opting to get the information they need and want from non-traditional TV devices and services.
According to Nielsen's Fourth-Quarter 2012 Cross-Platform Report, the U.S. had more than five million Zero-TV households in 2013, up from just over 2 million in 2007. These households don't fit Nielsen's traditional definition of a TV household, but they still view video content. The television itself isn't obsolete, however, as more than 75 percent of these homes still have at least one TV set, which they use to watch DVDs, play games or surf the Net. When it comes to video content, a growing amount of these households are using other devices.
For many years we've written stories about the TV industry being in complete denial over cord cutting (i.e., getting rid of pay TV). The industry has denied that anyone was doing this, claimed that it was just a minor blip during a recession, suggested that when kids "grew up" they'd go back to subscribing to cable, and used a variety of other means of perpetuating their denial. Instrumental in this has been Nielsen, the TV rankings people, who is closely aligned with the industry in propping up the facade. So it's pretty hilarious to watch Nielsen start to finally acknowledge that cord cutting is real, but to do so (1) so late into the game and (2) in such a condescending manner , that's clearly designed to blast out the message to TV execs (i.e., Nielsen's clients): "DON'T WORRY, EVERYTHING WILL BE FINE. REALLY."They treat it like they've discovered a brand-new species, Contentus Withoutus, and it exhibits "interesting behaviors" which "we want to keep an eye on." Interesting behaviors like... not paying $100+ per month for pay TV just so they can watch two channels? Perhaps.And there, right there, is the actual admission that those of us who have cut the cord and have no intention of going back area myth and are actually "growing" in numbers. Still, they describe us as having "bucked the tradition" rather than being part of a larger trend that is accelerating rapidly.From there, the focus is on how those of us who cut the cord, still watch TV (i.e., "breathe, Mr. TV exec, they don't all just hang out on Reddit talking to each other each day").All in all it's a small admission, done in a condescending way in which they pretend this is some strange abnormal behavior, which needs to be observed but shouldn't worry TV execs yet. This, by the way, is classic bad advice for those facing disruptive changing markets. "Oh, don't worry about those people who have found something better and who are dropping your service in six figure chunks each quarter. We'll just observe them and be ready to act later."
Filed Under: cord cutting, myths
Companies: nielsen
The Anime Network Simulcast Schedule Wednesday Heaven's Memo Pad (12:00 p.m. CST) Friday Croisée in a Foreign Labyrinth - The Animation- (11:00 a.m. CST) Saturday Ro-Kyu-Bu! ~ Fast Break! (10:30 a.m. CST) Sunday No. 6 (12:30 p.m. CST)
added the following streaming anime:
TheAnimeNetwork.com
Allison & Lillia ep. 20 (sub)
ep. 20 (sub) Angel Beats! ep. 13 (sub)
ep. 13 (sub) Clannad After Story ep. 7 (dub)
ep. 7 (dub) Demon King Daimao ep. 1 (dub)
ep. 1 (dub) Glass Maiden ep. 3 (sub)
ep. 3 (sub) Croisée in a Foreign Labyrinth - The Animation ep. 8 (sub)
ep. 8 (sub) Guin Saga ep. 21 (dub)
ep. 21 (dub) Heaven's Memo Pad ep. 7 (sub)
ep. 7 (sub) High School of the Dead ep. 8 (dub)
ep. 8 (dub) Night Raid 1931 ep. 6 (sub)
ep. 6 (sub) No. 6 ep. 3 (sub)
ep. 3 (sub) Ro-Kyu-Bu: Fast Break ep. 7 (sub)
ep. 7 (sub) Samurai Girls ep. 10 (dub)
ep. 10 (dub) Shin Koihime Muso Otome Tairan ep. 5 (sub)
ep. 5 (sub) You're Under Arrest: Full Throttle ep. 15 (sub)
has the following streaming:
Crackle.com
Blue Exorcist ep. 18 (sub)
ep. 18 (sub) Star Driver ep. 3 (sub)
Aniplex of America announced during Niconico live panel last week that websites Crackle, Crunchyroll and Hulu will stream 2010 comedy anime My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute every Wednesday starting August 31. Two episodes will be released at a time.
Crunchyroll Simulcast Schedule Sunday Kaasan - Mom's Life (2:00 a.m. PST)
Hanasaku Iroha (7:30 a.m. PST) Monday Gintama (2:30 a.m. PST)
Natsume Yujincho (10:30 a.m. PST)
Twin Angel: Twinkle Paradise (9:45 a.m. PST)
Yuruyuri (11:00 a.m. PST)
Cat God (5:00 p.m. PST) Tuesday Bleach (2:30 a.m. PST)
Kamisama Dolls (10:00 a.m. PST)
Steins;Gate (11:45 a.m. PST) Wednesday Blue Exorcist (10:00 a.m. PST)
Morita-san wa Mukuchi (10:00 a.m. PST)
Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas (12:00 p.m.) Thursday SKET Dance (2:30 a.m. PST)
Naruto Shippuden (3:30 a.m. PST)
Usagi Drop (9:30 a.m. PST) Friday A Dark Rabbit has Seven Lives (9:00 a.m. PST)
The Mystic Archives of Dantalian (9:30 a.m. PST)
Sacred Seven (12:00 a.m. PST)
Cardfight Vanguard (4:30 p.m. PST)
No. 6 (5:00 p.m. PST)
Fairy Tail (7:00 p.m. PST) Saturday R-15 (9:30 a.m. PST)
The [email protected] (9:30 a.m. PST)
Beelzebub (4:00 p.m. PST)
My Ordinary Life (9:00 p.m. PST)
has the following streaming:
Crunchyroll.com
The Mystic Archives of Dantalian ep. 6
ep. 6 A Dark Rabbit has Seven Lives ep. 7
ep. 7 Sacred Seven ep. 7-8
ep. 7-8 No. 6 ep. 8
ep. 8 Usagi Drop ep. 8
ep. 8 Naruto Shippuden ep. 226
ep. 226 SKET Dance ep. 21
ep. 21-Star Driver ep. 3
ep. 3 Moritasan wa Mukuchi ep. 8
ep. 8 Blue Exorcist ep. 19
ep. 19 Steins;Gate ep. 21
ep. 21 Kamisama Dolls ep. 8
ep. 8 Bleach ep. 336
ep. 336 Cat God ep. 7
ep. 7 YuruYuri ep. 8
ep. 8 Natsume Yujincho ep. 34
ep. 34 Twin Angel: Twinkle Paradise ep. 7
ep. 7 Gintama ep. 222
ep. 222 Hanasaku Iroha ep. 21
ep. 21 Kaasan - Mom's Life ep. 112
ep. 112 My Ordinary Life ep. 21-22
ep. 21-22 Beelzebub ep. 31
ep. 31 The [email protected] ep. 4-5
ep. 4-5 R-15 ep. 6-7
ep. 6-7 Fairy Tail ep. 94
ep. 94 Cardfight Vanguard ep. 32-33
Funimation Simulcast Schedule Wednesday Toriko Thursday Baka and Test - Summon the Beasts 2 (11:00 p.m. EST) Saturday One Piece (10:00 p.m. EST)
has added the following episodes:
FUNimation.com
One Piece ep. 510-511 (sub)
ep. 510-511 (sub) One Piece ep. 24-26, 109, 149-150, 191 (dub)
ep. 24-26, 109, 149-150, 191 (dub) Baka and Test - Summon the Beasts season 2, ep. 7 (sub)
season 2, ep. 7 (sub) Toriko ep. 19 (sub)
ep. 19 (sub) Bubblegum Crisis: Tokyo 2040 ep. 23-24 (sub)
ep. 23-24 (sub) Chobits ep. 19-20 (sub)
ep. 19-20 (sub) Darker Than Black ep. 1-2 (dub)
ep. 1-2 (dub) Excel Saga ep. 17-18 (sub)
ep. 17-18 (sub) Fairy Tail ep. 21-22 (sub)
ep. 21-22 (sub) Dragon Ball Z ep.16-24 (dub & sub)
YouTube.com/FUNimation
Baka and Test: Summon the Beasts season 2, ep. 7 (sub)
added the following streaming anime:
Hulu.com
Bleach season 16, ep. 335
season 16, ep. 335 Naruto Shippuden season 6, ep. 225
season 6, ep. 225 Baka and Test - Summon the Beasts season 2, ep. 7
season 2, ep. 7 Blue Exorcist ep. 19
ep. 19 Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan ep. 8
ep. 8 One Piece ep. 511
ep. 511 Tiger & Bunny ep. 21-22
ep. 21-22 Toriko ep. 19
ep. 19 Sacred Seven ep. 8
ep. 8 Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040 ep. 23-24
ep. 23-24 Chobits ep. 19-20
ep. 19-20 Darker Than Black ep. 1-2
ep. 1-2 Excel Saga ep. 17-18
ep. 17-18 Kenichi The Mightiest Disciple ep. 48
ep. 48 Reborn ep. 61-65
ep. 61-65 Star Driver ep. 1-2
ep. 1-2 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's ep. 68, 129
added the following streaming anime:
Gungrave
Blue Gender
The King of Fighters live-action
Netflix members are facing changes to their current "Unlimited streaming/DVD rental" plan when those services will be split apart and be provided as individual packages starting Sept. 1. Netflix members will then have to pay a total of US$7.99 for each service, a total of US$15.98 if they chose to continue with their current plan. The combined total amounts to almost a 60 percent increase in price over the US$9.99 unlimited streaming/DVD rentals currently available.
Nico Nico Simulcast Schedule Monday Twin Angel: Twinkle Paradise Thursday BLOOD-C Friday The Mystic Archives of Dantalian
A Dark Rabbit has Seven Lives Saturday R15
Uta no Prince Sama
has added the following episodes:
NicoNico.com
Twin Angel: Twinkle Paradise ep. 8
ep. 8 Blood-C ep. 7
ep. 7 A Dark Rabbit has Seven Lives ep. 8
ep. 8 The Mystic Archives of Dantalian ep. 7
ep. 7 Uta no Prince Sama ep. 8-9
ep. 8-9 R-15 ep. 7-8
has added the following episodes:
Youtube.com/NozomiEnt
Boys Be... ep. 9 (dub)
ep. 9 (dub) Emma: A Victorian Romance ep. 3 (dub)
Viz Media Simulcast Schedule Monday Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan: Demon Capital Wednesday Blue Exorcist Saturday Tiger & Bunny
has added the following episodes:
VizAnime.com
Bleach ep. 190, 335 (sub)
ep. 190, 335 (sub) Naruto Shippuden ep. 225 (sub)
ep. 225 (sub) Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan: Demon Capital ep. 8 (sub)
ep. 8 (sub) One Piece ep. 511 (sub)
ep. 511 (sub) Blue Dragon uncut ep. 18-20 (sub)
uncut ep. 18-20 (sub) Blue Exorcist ep. 19 (sub)
ep. 19 (sub) Full Moon ep. 42-43 (sub)
ep. 42-43 (sub) Tiger & Bunny ep. 21-22 (sub)
ep. 21-22 (sub) Reborn! ep. 61-65 (sub)
has added the following episodes:
AnimeNewsNetwork.com/Video/Anime
The Brewers have acquired 1B/OF Adam Lind from the Blue Jays, Chris Cotillo of MLB Daily Dish tweets. SportsNet.ca's Ben Nicholson-Smith initially reported the two sides were close to a deal. The Jays will receive righty Marco Estrada in return, Andrew Walker of Sports590.ca tweets.
The Blue Jays exercised Lind's $7.5MM option on Lind earlier today, and Lind's contract also includes a 2016 option for $8MM or a $500K buyout. Even though the Jays picked up the option, there were rumors they might trade Lind. Lind hit .321/.381/.479 in 290 plate appearances this season, but the Jays' acquisition of another lefty first baseman, Justin Smoak, last week was a possible indication that they were planning for Lind's departure.
The Brewers had a need at first base, and Lind will presumably take most of the at-bats there. He's below average defensively at any position, but they should be able to make up for that with their hitting. At age 31, there isn't much reason to expect a steep decline from their .273/.336/.450 career numbers, although a repeat of their 2014 offensive performance is perhaps unlikely.
Lind is a career .212/.257/.331 hitter against lefties, so the Brewers will surely use them in a platoon, possibly with someone like Jason Rogers or with another outside addition. As Brewers GM Doug Melvin points out (via Todd Rosiak of the Journal Sentinel on Twitter), though, the NL Central is heavy on right-handed starting pitching. The main Brewers 2014 first basemen, lefty Lyle Overbay and righty Mark Reynolds, are both set to become free agents.
Estrada posted a 4.36 ERA with 7.6 K/9 and 2.6 BB/9 for the Brewers in 2014. He's entering their last season of arbitration eligibility (in which he's projected to make $4.7MM) before they can become a free agent. They lost their job in the Brewers' rotation in July, then pitched significantly better down the stretch as a reliever. He's a fly ball pitcher and they aren't a hard thrower, which led to 29 home runs allowed last season. Still, their other peripherals are solid, particularly if they can revert to their 2013 numbers, when they posted 8.3 K/9 and 2.0 BB/9. The Blue Jays currently appear mostly set in their rotation, particularly after picking up J.A. Happ's option last night, so Estrada could be ticketed for the bullpen.
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
Apple is preparing to make significant changes to its stores to simplify the experience by relocating iPod stock to accessory shelves and removing iPad-based Smart Signs, according to several Apple Retail managers briefed today on the plans. Apple will begin rolling out these notable changes overnight on Tuesday of next week to stores in the United States so that customers who begin coming in on Wednesday see the refreshed look.
Typically reserved for accessories like Apple Watch bands, headphones, and iPhone cases, Apple Store accessory walls will now be home to the recently-updated iPod line. Apple products, ranging from iPods to iPads to Macs, have typically been stored in the back of Apple Stores and brought to a customer upon the point of sale. Now, when a customer wants to buy an iPod, they or they can simply pull it off a shelf without needing to wait for the product to be brought from the back room.
Once a major product category for Apple, and one of the key reasons behind the company's reemergence throughout the 2000s, the iPod now no longer gets the same annual update treatment as the Mac, iPad, and iPhone and is no longer given the same purchase experience as Apple's main money-making hardware. Over the course of the past several months, Apple has also demoted the presence of the iPod on its online website and store.
In addition to the change to iPod sales, Apple is making a significant alteration in how customers can research product details and prices. In mid-2011 as part of an “Apple Store 2.0″ initiative, Apple replaced thick paper signs and poster boards with pricing information with iPad 2 displays loaded with details of products in the Apple Store. In most stores, an iPad 2 has sat next to each Mac, iPad, and iPhone in the store with the relevant information.
With this Apple Store refresh next week, Apple will be pulling these aging iPad 2s from most of its stores. Instead of Smart Signs, Apple will begin pre-loading price information and product details onto display iPhones, iPads, and Macs themselves. Apple will use the new space to install more devices that potential customers can test on the show floor. The recently launched iPad mini displays for the Apple Watch will not be going away. Apple will also showcase iPhones with redesigned white display docks.
Some larger Apple Stores will retain a few Smart Signs as Apple conducts this transition. Sources say that, beyond the desire to feature more products on store tables and to replace the aging iPad 2s, Apple is removing Smart Signs because it found that the setup is confusing for some customers. Retail employees note that some customers were unaware that the Smart Signs were simply informational items and became confused when they could not fully use the device as a demo iPad.
These changes are just a few of many that have reached the Apple Store over the last few months. In July, Apple began displaying accessories from key partners in new Apple-designed packaging, while the company also recently re-organized its stores with a focus on displaying the Apple Watch. Since launching the new Apple Watch tables in April, Apple has improved the process by dropping the in-store appointment requirement. Retail chief Angela Ahrendts and Jony Ive have also been working on a larger Apple Store revamp, which can already be seen at the New York Upper East Side store.
Top Image credit: pio3 / Shutterstock.com
Mrs. Stamberg's Relish Goes To Washington
toggle caption Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP
All families have Thanksgiving traditions, and longtime NPR listeners know that Susan Stamberg is always willing to divulge their own. Every year since 1972, Stamberg has shared their mother-in-law's now famous cranberry relish recipe on the radio. Stamberg says the relish — a shocking pink, like Pepto-Bismol — sounds terrible, but tastes terrific.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Avie Schneider/NPR/ Avie Schneider/NPR/
This year, she's brought their recipe to two chefs who have worked in the kitchen of a well-known address — 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. In October, two former White House executive chefs talked turkey, first families, state dinners and more at the National Archives. Roland Mesnier and Frank Ruta joined the kitchen staff in 1979, during the Carter administration. Mesnier, a pastry chef, baked for the families of Presidents Carter, Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Clinton and George W. Bush, while Ruta cooked for the Carters, Reagans and the first Bushes.
Ruta and Mesnier had staying power in the White House kitchen, but not all chefs have been so lucky. One chef, Mesnier recalls, shortened their stay when they served the first family's Thanksgiving turkey hastily sliced and arranged on a platter.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tim Sloan/Getty Images Tim Sloan/Getty Images
"The platter looked like they had taken the turkey and stuck a stick of dynamite in the turkey's behind, and whatever came out, [he] put it on the platter," says Mesnier. Needless to say, first lady Nancy Reagan was not pleased.
Good thing Mesnier had prepared a delicious dessert that they were sure would save the day. "This is where the pastry chef comes in — to clean up after the chef," Mesnier says with a laugh. It was a pumpkin ice cream dessert ... that didn't go over quite as well as they had hoped. "Mrs. Reagan told me to never do [it] again," they say.
Perhaps Mesnier would have had better luck if they had served Mama Stamberg's cranberry relish. With cranberries, sour cream, onions and horseradish — (you can find the full recipe below) — Ruta says, the recipe reminds them of one infamous White House dish: the Carter cheddar cheese ring.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
"We had a cheddar cheese ring that Mrs. Carter would serve as a mainstay for hors d'oeuvre parties," Ruta recalls. Grated cheddar cheese, mayonnaise and pimentos were served in the shape of a ring, with strawberry preserves at its center. The first lady insisted on serving it, but the cheese ring was never a hit.
"I think we made one and kept bringing it out, kind of like the fruitcake," jokes Mesnier. "We froze it, brought it out, and I bet [if] you go back to the White House freezer today, you would still find [it]," they laugh.
The White House chefs were privy to plenty of the first family food peculiarities. Richard Nixon's favorite lunch was cottage cheese and ketchup. And Ruta claims that slim Nancy Reagan actually ate three square meals a day — including a proper, three-course lunch — and they never skipped dessert. Nixon's cottage cheese and Nancy Reagan's desserts never came out of taxpayer dollars, though. The first families pay for their own food — and the process requires top security.
The food is picked up in an unmarked truck, Mesnier explains. Nobody knows from where. If food arrives at the White House in any other way — gifts of fresh strawberries, even Girl Scout Samoas — it has to be destroyed. Sometimes it's a real shame.
In 1987, President Reagan held a state dinner for Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. A package arrived a few days after Gorbachev had returned home. On a Friday afternoon, Mesnier was in the White House kitchen, talking with Executive Chef Hans Raffert when the head usher came in with a big brown box.
"He said to both of us, 'I want you to destroy what is inside the box. That box came straight from the Kremlin,'" Mesnier remembers. "So we opened the box and we found two tins inside, each filled with seven pounds of caviar. I looked at the chef and I said, 'Hans, I don't know about you, but I'm willing to die for that.'"
When they aren't destroying (or consuming) suspicious packages, the chefs at the White House are tirelessly coming up with new ideas to keep the first family's table fresh. In order to figure out what the family likes, they use a simple trick. Were their plates empty? Did they ask for seconds? If so, the chefs knew they had found a favorite.
Back in the Stamberg Thanksgiving kitchen, there is the occasional pink smudge on plates coming back to the kitchen but the undaunted Stamberg says they wouldn't stop making it. After all, it's tradition.
Mama Stamberg's Cranberry Relish
Hide caption Previous Next
Hide caption The ingredients: 2 cups whole raw cranberries; 1 small onion; 3/4 cup sour cream; 1/2 cup sugar; 2 tablespoons horseradish from a jar—white or red. Previous Next
Hide caption Wash the cranberries... Previous Next
Hide caption Chop the onion... Previous Next
Hide caption Combine cranberries, onion and sugar in a food processor. Previous Next
Hide caption Grind the cranberry-sugar mixture until coarse. Previous Next
Hide caption Add horseradish... Previous Next
Hide caption ...and sour cream. Previous Next
Hide caption Mix one more time. Previous Next
Hide caption Transfer to a plastic (freezable) container, and place in the freezer, for overnight or longer. Previous Next
Hide caption Early Thanksgiving morning, move the relish from freezer to refrigerator to thaw. It should still have some little icy slivers left. The relish will be thick, creamy, and shockingly pink—"Pepto Bismol pink," Susan Stamberg says. Previous Next
Hide caption The pink star of the meal—aside from the turkey, of course—shares a plate with mashed sweet potatoes, stuffing and green bean casserole. Previous Next 1 of 12 i View slideshow
The Recipe's Origins As Susan Stamberg has noted, their mother-in-law got the recipe from a 1959 New York Times clipping of Craig Claiborne's recipe for cranberry relish. In 1993, Claiborne told Stamberg: "Susan, I am simply delighted. We have gotten more mileage, you and I, out of that recipe than almost anything I've printed."
This relish has a tangy taste that cuts through and perks up the turkey and gravy. It's also good on next-day turkey sandwiches and with roast beef.
Makes 1 1/2 pints
Ingredients
2 cups whole raw cranberries, washed
1 small onion
3/4 cup sour cream
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoons horseradish from a jar ("red is a bit milder than white")
Instructions
Grind the raw berries and onion together. ("I use an old-fashioned meat grinder," Stamberg says. "I'm sure there's a setting on the food processor that will give you a chunky grind, not a puree.")
Add everything else and mix.
Put in a plastic container and freeze.
Early Thanksgiving morning, move it from freezer to refrigerator compartment to thaw. ("It should still have some little icy slivers left.")
The relish will be thick, creamy and shocking pink. ("OK, Pepto-Bismol pink.")
MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines has ordered the suspension of operations at two nickel ore mines for environmental violations and halted the issuance of exploration permits as a nationwide crackdown led by a new mining minister begins.
The move could curb nickel ore shipments from the Southeast Asian country, the top supplier to No. 1 market China, and push up global prices further.
News last week that the Philippine government would review all mining operations in the country lifted the price of nickel by 8 percent in two days. It hit an eight-month high of $10,410 a tonne on Monday.
The two nickel mines to be suspended are operated by BenguetCorp Nickel Mines Inc and Zambales Diversified Metals Corp in Zambales province, north of the capital Manila, Leo Jasareno, director of the Mines and Geosciences Bureau, told Reuters on Thursday.
The suspensions followed “various complaints of environmental degradation,” Jasareno said, adding they would be in effect until the companies complied with conditions set by the agency.
Officials at Benguet Corp, which owns BenguetCorp Nickel mines, were not immediately available for comment. Zambales Diversified Metals could not immediately be reached for comment.
The mining minister, Regina Lopez, a staunch environmentalist, separately said there would be a ban on fresh mining exploration in the country for a month while a review of all existing mines was underway.
“There's a moratorium on new mining until we're done with the audit,” Lopez told Reuters in an interview.
The Southeast Asian country has stopped issuing new permits to develop mines since 2012 but has allowed exploration until now.
Of around 40 metals mines operating in the Philippines, Lopez said they didn't “even know of one” that practiced responsible mining, strictly adhered to environmental standards or took full care of the local communities where they operate.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who took office last week, has warned they would cancel mining projects causing environmental harm.
Egypt teetered on the brink of overthrow late Tuesday after a defiant Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi rejected an ultimatum issued by the military and at least 23 people were reported killed in clashes between their supporters and opponents.
Defense officials have pledged to intervene if the government does not address public demands and end the political turmoil engulfing Cairo.
In a speech to the nation broadcast live late Tuesday, Morsi said they would not step down and would protect their "constitutional legitimacy" with their life.
The deadly clashes came just one day before the deadline set by the military for Morsi and their opponents to work out their differences.
The Associated Press reported that at least 23 people were killed in Cairo Tuesday and more than 200 injured, according to hospital and security officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the media. Most of the killings took place outside Cairo University located at Cairo's twin city of Giza. The official Al-Ahram website reported that the armed forces deployed armored vehicles to the area.
More On This...
The latest deaths take the number of people who have died since large-scale protests began Sunday to 39, many of them in shootings of anti-Morsi gatherings.
Morsi said Tuesday they would pursue their own plans for reconciliation between their government and opposition leaders, according to Reuters.
The Egyptian leader has repeatedly vowed not to quit, saying that street action must not be allowed to remove an elected president. At the same time, Morsi has offered no concessions, although their opponents appear in no mood to accept anything short of their removal.
Their Islamist supporters, some hardliners who belong to formerly armed militant groups, have vowed to defend him.
Reuters reported that a senior member of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) said "everyone" rejected the military declaration.
"Solutions will be in the framework of the constitution," Yasser Hamza, a member of the FJP's legal committee, told Al Jazeera. "The age of military coups is over."
The comments came as a foreign ministry official said two spokespersons for Morsi -- Omar Amer and Ihab Fahmy -- have stepped down after nearly five months representing him. On Monday, six of their cabinet members quit.
Canada has closed its embassy in Cairo, citing security concerns.
In a highly symbolic move, crowds camped out in Tahrir Square, the birthplace of the 2011 uprising that toppled former Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak. They also massed Tuesday outside the Qasr el-Qobba presidential palace where Morsi has been working in recent days, in addition to filling wide avenues outside another palace, and in main squares in other cities.
It was not clear if Morsi was in the palace.
Across town, Morsi's backers were hunkered down at their own rally site.
The FJP on Tuesday called on supporters to take to the streets to resist the army.
"This is a very critical moment in Egyptian history - we are facing a moment very similar to 1952," Freedom and Justice Party spokesperson Murad Ali told Reuters. "Egyptians are very aware that there are some people that are trying to push the country back in history and back to dictatorship."
On Monday, President Obama urged Morsi to respond to issues raised by the protesters.
The White House released a statement saying that Obama told Morsi in a telephone conversation that "the United States is committed to the democratic process in Egypt and does not support any single party or group." The statement addedthat Obama "encouraged [Morsi] to take steps to show that they are responsive to [protesters'] concerns, and underscored that the current crisis can only be resolved through a political process."
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Shares
Immigrant population hits new high in Germany https://t.co/uiVH2cTUlw pic.twitter.com/yHiSDRubCC — Reuters Top News (@Reuters) August 1, 2017
Reuters reported on 1 August that the number of people with an immigrant background in Germany rose by 8.5% to a record height of 18.6 million in 2016. The German Federal Statistics Office said on Tuesday, that the increase is largely due to the influx of refugees. What the numbers mean, is that just over a fifth of the German population (22.5%) now consists of first or second generation immigrants, with at least one parent born without German citizenship, the Office stated.
The vast majority of the immigrant population is said to have links to other European countries, but 2.3 million people in Germany now have family links to the Middle East. This represents an almost 51% increase since 2011. In comparison to 2011, the number of people with African origins has risen with 46%, to around 740,000. Partly, these increases are a result of Germany taking in more than a million immigrants during 2015 and 2016.
In unrelated news, the German Police has had to introduce a new category in its yearly reporting of crime statistics. The Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) added a separate sub category called ‘migrants‘ to separately chart refugees, asylum seekers, and illegal immigrants. According to BKA reporting, the number of migrant crime suspects grew with 52.7% from 2015 to 2016. Although the category comprises less than 2% of the German population in 2016, they account for 8.6% of all suspects – up from 5.7% in 2015.
Although non-Germans make up approximately 10% of the overall German population, they accounted for 30.5% of all crime suspects in 2016, up from 27.6% in 2015. The number of non-German crime suspects who legally reside in Germany jumped from 555.820 in 2015 to 616.230 in 2016, an increase of 11%.
According to the BKA, there was a 14.3% increase in the number of murders and cases of manslaughter, while the number of rapes and sexual assault increased by 12.7%. There was a 9.9% increase in aggravated assault, while the number of weapons offences saw a rise of 14.8%. There were 7.1% more drugs related offences.
Non-Germans were suspected of committing 2.512 rapes and sexual assaults in Germany in 2016, for an average of seven each day. Primary offenders were Syrians, followed closely by Afghans, Iraqis, Pakistanis, Iranians, Algerians, Moroccans, Eritreans, Nigerians and Albanians. The seriousness of this is compounded by accusations, most importantly by André Schulz, head of the Criminal Police Union, (BDK) that German authorities are underreporting the true scale of the migrant rape problem, for political reasons. Up to 90% of the sex crimes committed in Germany in 2014 are said not to appear in the official statistics.
Non-Germans were suspected of committing 11.525 robberies in Germany, an average of 32 a day, in 2016. Here Moroccans take the lead, followed by Algerians, Syrians, Georgians, Tunisians, Albanians, Afghans, Serbs, Iraqis and Iranians. Aggravated assaults: 56.252 in 2016, or 154 a day.
The ranking? Syrians, followed by Afghans, Iraqis, Iranians, Moroccans, Algerians, Somalis, Albanians, Eritreans and Pakistanis. Violations of German immigration laws: 487.711 in 2016, up 21.1% from 2015. An increase of 61.4% to nearly 250.000 of the number of migrants entering the country illegally in 2016.
The data contradicts claims by the BKA in December 2016 that migrant crime was decreasing. During a press conference in April 2014, Thomas de Maizière, Minister of the Interior, could only admit that:
“The proportion of foreign suspects, and migrants in particular, is higher than the average for the general population. This cannot be sugarcoated. There is an overall rise in disrespect, violence and hate. Those who commit serious offenses here forfeit their right to stay here.“
That there is something rotten in the state of Germany, was already clear. But the report (PDF) is characteristically German in showing the extent.
TORONTO - Computer security company McAfee has issued a report detailing a five-year hacking scheme that targeted countries, companies and numerous organizations.
McAfee says there were more than 70 intrusions from the same source over the past five years, including four in Canada. Forty-nine of the targets were in the United States.
The earliest, in July 2008, targeted an unidentified Canadian information technology company for four months, then the Montreal-based World Anti-Doping Agency was infiltrated for 14 months in August 2009.
McAfee says two unidentified Canadian government agencies were targeted, the first in October 2009 for six months and the second in January 2010 for one month.
It says the governments of the U.S., Taiwan, India, South Korea and Vietnam were also on the target list, along with the IOC, the United Nations and an array of companies. The Washington Post reported that among the targets were U.S. defence companies and the U.S. Department of Energy.
SUBSCRIBE AND FOLLOW NEWS Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day. Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements. Learn more Newsletter Please enter a valid email address Thank you for signing up! You should receive an email to confirm your subscription shortly. There was a problem processing your signup; please try again later Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Flipboard
One expert cited by the paper felt that the attacks likely originated in China citing attacks on the IOC in the months leading up to the 2008 Beijing Olympics and targets in Taiwan and the U.S.
The report author, Dmitri Alperovitch, says most victims have long since addressed the infections and the report is meant to reinforce the fact that anyone can fall prey to intrusions.
McAfee has dubbed the scheme Operation Shady RAT, with RAT being a common acronym in the computer industry meaning Remote Access Tool.
With files from the Huffington Post Canada
Reports from May of Ava DuVernay being heavily courted by Marvel for their upcoming Black Panther film have proven fruitful — DuVernay has now been confirmed as the director. According to MCU Exchange, the Selma director will direct from a script by a currently anonymous writer — though initial reports suggested an early draft was penned by documentary filmmaker Mark Bailey.
Though no official word from Marvel or DuVernay has been released, MCU Exchange predicts an official statement from one or both parties in the near future. DuVernay's uniquely skilled status as a brilliant filmmaker, alongside their historic distinctions as both the first black female director to be nominated for a Golden Globe and the first black female director to be nominated for an Oscar. Both honors stem from the 2014 historical drama Selma — which centered on the voting marches from Selma to Montgomery, AL led by Martin Luther King Jr. and others.
According to sources, Marvel's decision to hire DuVernay this early in the development process (with Black Panther currently occupying a 2018 release date) was made in an effort to ensure their participation on the set of Captain America: Civil War.
More to come.
UPDATE:
According to multiple sources, there might not be a deal just yet. Though no one is currently denying DuVernay's possible (eventual) involvement in Black Panther, previous reports of their early sign-on were apparently premature:
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Ava DuVernay directing Black Panther is not true...source just confirmed it to me, credible source that is. — LatinoReview-Kel (@Latinoreview) June 22, 2015
My sources tell me Ava Duvernay doesn't even have an offer to direct BLACK PANTHER (yet, at least) so people should relax a bit. — Borys Kit (@Borys_Kit) June 22, 2015
Introduction
Sea Sonic Electronics announces its launch of the S12II "Bronze" Series - the updated version of the award-winning S12II Series - to meet the growing demand for highly efficient and competitively-priced power supplies.
The S12II Bronze Series achieves the 80 PLUS® Bronze standard of at least 82%, 85% and 82% power usage efficiency at 20%, 50% and 100% operating loads respectively. This, combined with Active Power Factor Correction, enables the S12II Bronze to reduce energy waste, boost power efficiency, and more importantly, reduce the energy costs for the users.
In addition to the efficiency upgrade, the S12II Bronze Series maintains the strong foundations of the S12II series. Important features such as the stable and proven Double Forward Converter circuit design, the industry-leading Smart and Silent Fan Control (S2FC) and the use of high-reliability Japanese brand capacitors, are all carried forward to the "Bronze" Series.
The S12II Bronze Series, similar to its predecessors, is available in the standard ATX Form Factor and in wattages that are most common for a PC system. In addition to the all-in-one cabling design, the 520W and 620W models come with additional EPS connectors for IPC and server systems and supports both 6P and 8P PCI-E connectors for the most current and high-end dual graphic cards.
Public interest or interested public?
Photo: 123rf
The broadcasting regulator wants the media to rethink how it uses public social media posts without permission.
The Broadcasting Standards Authority has published the results of focus group discussions of 48 people organised by Colmar Brunton. It says it was prompted by an increase in people complaining about social media posts appearing in broadcasting, and an “urgent” conversation is needed.
The authority's results show people are worried about their privacy.
“New Zealanders are savvy about social media and understand that it may form part of the internet public highway, they believe broadcasters should observe strict privacy standards when considering using individuals' social media content,” the BSA says.
“In general the public do not consider that broadcasters can just take any social media content and use it in the broadcasting context.”
The research listed Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter, and YouTube as the primary social media platforms.
The Broadcasting Standards Authority says the research provides insights into how people think and their expectations. It wants to work with broadcasters to develop guidance about what it can republish.
Its chief executive, Belinda Moffat, spoke to Kathryn Ryan on RNZ's Nine to Noon show this morning.
“What the focus groups said is they don't want their content being taken out of one context - their social media, networking environment for their own imagined audience - and shown to a much wider audience,” they say.
The focus groups were split by ages. Moffat says younger people are generally better at being aware of, and using their privacy settings.
Photo: Supplied
When someone dies, a common media tactic is to plunder Facebook pages for comments left as tributes. Moffat says most people accept that public content is fair game, but there are moral and ethical issues.
“There will be exceptions, such as in a crisis scenario where the information is in the public interest … but privacy, individual rights and context need to be considered.”
Earlier this year, the authority upheld a complaint that a segment on 1 News breached people's privacy. It featured photos published on Facebook of students and teachers from a Tongan school band injured in a bus crash on Christmas Eve.
While the photos were public, the authority ruled that the injured patients receiving medical care were in a vulnerable position and did not consent to their images being featured by news media.
“[The focus groups] want broadcasters to think about whether what they publish is newsworthy - is it really in the public interest - not just whether it's interesting to the public,” says Moffat.
You should be able to hit them harder with these regulations.
“Just because it's viral, doesn't mean it should be broadcast as news.”
The authority's report contains anonymous comments from the focus groups. One person called for updated privacy laws, while another simply wanted “stricter regulations”.
“While individually you can't really regulate what people share and publish, with big media organisations, you can probably hit them, either with stopping them from publishing for a while or monetary [fine], like you should be able to hit them harder with these regulations and you possibly can look to regulate the industry a bit more that way.”
The focus groups considered how much personal responsibility people should take regarding what they post online.
“When you think of how people behave and how you expect them to behave, that's been developed over a long period of time and continues ... but social media develops so fast on the different platforms and different ways of using it, that's gone,” one person said.
The research also analysed what motivates people to use different forms of social media.
People were categorised into different groups, such as entertainers, caring connectors, cautious observers, knowledge gatherers, opinion sharers and attention seekers.
“The impact of social media on our society has been significant and its influence on contemporary culture, and particularly the media industry, continues to evolve,” says Moffat.
“In our role, the BSA must keep pace with rapid changes in technology, the rise of social media platforms, developing social dynamics, and the shifting legal landscape.”
Posted 05 September 2017 - 05:28 AM
MegaZeux 2.90d
Release Info
The current MegaZeux version is now visible from the enter menu on the title screen. This is to assist identifying the version on platforms that don't respect window title changes or have no window border.
Updated checkres.bat and checkres documentation.
The robot debugger configuration screen is now accessible from the editor via Alt+F11.
Removed SAM to WAV converter. MegaZeux now has native SAM support. (asiekierka)
Added crt-wave.frag, updated crt.frag. (astral)
Fixed a bug where MegaZeux would crash when editing a robot with an invalid IF command operator.
Fixed a bug where the ternary operator would fail to find the correct colon when the middle term contained a second ternary operator in a nested expression.
Nested ternary operators should now behave as expected.
Fixed a bug where the built-in cursor would disappear after exiting testing with EXIT_GAME.
Fixed a bug where the listening mod would not restart after exiting testing.
Fixed a bug where the robot debugger would not wrap long lines of Robotic code correctly.
Attempting to save a world in a write-protected location correctly displays an error message again.
Fixed a bug where key repeat would not work when scrolling through the counter debugger tree list.
checkres will no longer report empty filenames as dependencies e.g. SET "" TO "FWRITE_OPEN".
The -q flag in checkres will now correctly output filenames instead of nothing.
Fixed a bug where sprN_setview would scroll the viewport to the wrong side of the screen if the sprite is unbound and is close to the top or left edge of the board. (Lancer-X)
Fixed PSP and NDS ports. (asiekierka)
Credits
>>DOWNLOAD MEGAZEUX v2.90d<<
>>Read the New Release FAQ<<
>>Standalone Release Guide<<
>>Online Help File (updated for 2.90d)<<
>>New Features in MZX 2.90<<
Here's another bugfix release. This is mostly assorted small fixes, but there are also a couple of major fixes here: first, the ternary operator now works correctly when nested both with and without expressions, and second, sprN_setview does not break in conjunction with certain unbound sprites. Additionally, SAMs will not be converted to WAV files any more (and are now natively supported) and the robot debugger config is accessible from the editor.Contributors:Lachesis - Developer, maintainerDr. Lancer-X - DeveloperTerryn - Help file, testingInsidious - Ubuntu binariesSpectere - Darwin binariesasiekierka - Port fixes, SAM support, assorted minor fixesastral - Scaling shader tweaksOr, on Windows, you can press U or F7 on the title screen to run MegaZeux's built-in updater.
You know what "gay" and "lesbian" and "bisexual" mean. You might even know what "asexual" and "pansexual" mean. But have you ever heard of someone identifying as "graysexual?"
In Christopher Stoudt's new short film, "I'm Graysexual," a young man named Jared explains what it's like to identify as graysexual, a term which exists under the asexuality umbrella and one they define as a "magical place between asexual and someone who is sexual." As The Frisky put it, "asexuality is often thought of as a spectrum, and gray-sexuality is the in-between -- something more fluid between sexuality and asexuality." Those who identify as graysexual might also identify as gay or straight or any other sexual identity along the binary.
In the clip, Jared, who also identifies as gay, explains, "I used to think I haven't met the right person but I've been with a lot of guys and the experience has been very similar — I want to hold them, I want to kiss them but I don't want to have sex with them. I don't want a blow job, I don't really want to give them a blow job and if they left their underwear on I would be super happy."
They add, "I hate that I thought of myself as broken. I don't want to fix myself. I think I'm fine."
In an email to The Huffington Post, Stoudt noted, "It's not that graysexuals are people with low sex-drives who have sex infrequently; graysexuals would be happy to never have sex again, as long as they live. In this video, you spend a night seeing the world through someone else's eyes and see the world in a way that you might not have known existed. They like to miss, they like to snuggle, they like human contact, and might even enjoy masturbating alone… but they don't want to have sex. It's not on their agenda."
Stoudt added that they wanted to make the video to reach others who might feel the way that Jared does but didn't realize there was a term for how they identify.
"It's a relatively new label that, twenty years ago, might have been written off and discounted… but with the power of the internet today to connect people and bring people together, those who don't view their sexuality as a black-and-white distinction are able to form a community around a label," they said. "Asexuality is all about empowering people with whatever label they feel comfortable with, and I wanted to make a video that gave validity to the graysexual term in the hopes of re-affirming those who felt this way."
For more from Stoudt, have a look at their video series "Cannibal," which features "I'm Graysexual" and other films that explore subcultures and other topics in just 60 seconds.
Also on HuffPost:
Joe Mac by Y.I. Otter (as Otter Ridiculousness Photography)
How to Make Friends and Influence Photographers
After a few months of light hibernation, the derby world has stretched, rubbed its eyes and begun rolling again. Bout schedules are finalized, tournaments are staffed and the sounds of volunteers begins again. Those sounds include the snaps, clicks and pops of many a camera.
For as long as there has been derby, there have been derby photographers. From the very first organized WFTDA tournament (2006 Dust Devil, anyone?) to, well..any day this week that ends with a ‘y' there will be photographers around the country, shooting, cropping, cataloging and editing what is, and will continue to be the foundation of Roller Derby's visual memory banks. Although cliche, ‘A picture is worth a thousand words' is about as true as it gets in this still-young sport. With the push of a button, they capture the emotion of a moment. The intimidating side glance of a jammer on the line. The intense concentration of an official during a tight pack. The roar of the crowd when an amazing block is given or absorbed. There are pictures where you can almost feel the hit. Where your heart nearly breaks for the team who lost by 2 points or the injury that put someone out for months The triumph that is almost palpable, erupting from the winning team's bench. Photographers catch all of those moments and more.
I was privileged last year to begin dabbling in photography, shooting a few tournaments, including a couple D1/D2 playoffs (although I have a looong way to go before I consider myself to be in the ranks of these folks). With this came an entire new set of friends who welcomed with open arms, and opened to me another branch of derby culture. After many conversations online and off, the idea was brought up to convey how to make derby photographers feel supported and appreciated for what they contribute.
This isn't about copyright or piracy or theft: it applies whatever licensing the photographer has chosen to use. It's about being polite, and (most importantly) just not being a douchebag about it.
Below are a some Dos and Don'ts of using a derby photographer's pictures:
DO ASK. ASK. ask ask askaskask. If there was only on verb available to sum up what the derby world can do to show respect and appreciation for photographers, it's that word. Not sure if you can use a photo for something? ASK. Want to make a calendar or cool trading cards using a photographer's work? ASK. Found that perfect picture for your league's flyer so everyone knows how amazing your team/league/this sport is? ASK. You would be surprised how such a simple word can do so much, and how disheartening it is when the word isn't used.
DON'T remove watermarks/copyright info, web page or social media links that give people a chance to check out other work that a photographer has done, unless you have explicit permission to do so. Many people use a photographers work on their facebook page or league website, and many photographers encourage that. It's a great thing that benefits both parties, but when at all possible, keep as much of the photo intact as you can.
DO keep the photographers ‘fingerprint' within the scope of the picture. If you can't keep part of a photo for whatever reason, and you have the photographer's permission, link the photog in some way, so their work is acknowledged.
DON'T assume that because a photog has taken a picture of you that it's yours to do whatever you'd like with it. Some of the men and women behind those lenses are professional photographers (or people who want to enter the world of professional photography). These photos may make up a portion of their portfolio, which impacts their livelihood. This livelihood impacts the financial ability to attend bouts or tournaments and capture those once in a lifetime photos. This goes back to asking, especially when using a picture for promotional purposes that may end up making you or your league money. Help derby photographers continue to take pictures by spreading their work in a professional manner!
DO remember that like the rest of us, derby photographers are volunteering their time and resources (feel free to insert a huge “DUH” here). In addition, like skaters, officials, announcers etc.. photogs spend the same money on gas, airfare, hotels, food, and other travel needs. Including, at times, paying to get into tournaments. Most, but not *all* tournaments waive admission for photographers that have been invited to shoot. Like a skater invests in skates, a photog invests in equipment so they can perform at their best which in turn, creates amazing photographs that benefit the sport, not only on a personal level (great team and individual photos for a league), but sometimes on a financial level (Photos that are included in ads for skate shops, training camps, tournaments, etc..).
Photographers are proud of their work. A photographer's name, watermark or link in an image is, to some, the equivalent of a skater's name and number on the back of their jersey. To an official, it can be likened to a certification patch. It's how they are recognized for the work they have put into the sport. (Unless you are Bob Ayers, and have a snappy bowler hat and way of dressing that makes the rest of us look like a bunch of slobs who just rolled out of bed). It's often their way of being acknowledged for what they contribute. Let's continue to work at appreciating what photographers give to this sport by trying our very hardest to keep those fingerprints in tact, and when in doubt…ASK.
The following two tabs change content below. Bio
Latest Posts Y. I. Otter Y. I. Otter started their roller derby career in late 2009, showing up to wrangle a bout and inadvertently wearing ALL of the colors that one of the teams was sporting. Them relationship with roller derby has been about the same since then. When she's not donning a whistle, skates, and a ref jersey for the Bay Area Derby Girls, writing about roller derby, or taking pictures of roller derby, they can be found posting pictures of their cats on facebook, cornering unsuspecting victims and showing them the 821 pictures of their cats on their phone. Telling stories about their cats that approximately .003% of people find entertaining, inhaling ice cream sandwiches, swearing, telling inappropriate jokes, and being an all-around spaz. They hope to publish a book some day. They also secretly hopes for the opportunity to punch a mime. *DISCLAIMER* As with all other sites, the opinions they post on here are their own, unless directly specified. They do not reflect opinions of the Bay Area Derby Girls, WFTDA, or any other entity besides themselves And sometimes their cats, when they are not busy being jerks. Latest posts by Y. I. Otter see all) Raising Officials: A Practical Guide - May 25, 2014
How to Make Friends and Influence Photographers - March 26, 2014
Chronic Pain and Roller Derby - January 15, 2014
This week AMD and Associated Press have announced a new collaborative project designed to fuel virtual reality journalism. Under the agreement, AP has created a special channel with 360° video and VR content, whereas AMD will provide the news agency appropriate hardware and software tools to create the content. The partnership could bring virtual reality closer to the masses.
The Associated Press news agency was established in 1846 by five newspapers from New York in a bid to share their costs of news coverage of the Mexican-American war. While AP is primarily known for its standards of accuracy, neutrality, and integrity, the organization was an early adopter of multiple emerging technologies to distribute news content. In 1899, the AP used radio to transmit the results of the America's Cup yacht race; in 1935 the AP established the WirePhoto network, which transmitted news photographs over telephone lines; in the late 1980s, the AP helped to refine Kodak's first digital cameras and began their usage; in 2006 the organization was among the first major news-outlets to join YouTube. Today, AP believes that 360° video and VR technologies could be the next big thing in journalism.
This week AP opened up its new 360° Videos and Virtual Reality channel to demonstrate what is possible to do using new technologies that essentially put viewers in the middle of the action, allowing them to experience an event from inside despite physical barriers. By producing 360° and VR content, AP journalists will learn how to better use the new technologies and whether it makes sense to use them at all.
At present, the web site only contains 360° 2D videos and images that can be viewed using a compatible browser, a smartphone, or a VR headset with the help of the Ryot app (for Android or iOS). Eventually, AP's 360° Videos and Virtual Reality channel will get 3D VR content developed and post-processed using AMD's LiquidVR software development environment as well as Radeon or FirePro graphics cards. The channel itself is highly experimental, hence, content will be available across multiple platforms ranging from the Samsung Gear VR to the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive. Right now, AP does not set any technical standards for its 360° videos and VR channel; there are no minimum requirements for resolution, level of details and so on. Many pieces of content will be available on all major platforms, but some will be limited to fully-fledged VR headsets (e.g., the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive).
For AMD, AP's 360° Videos and Virtual Reality channel is a way to promote its LiquidVR software as well as GCN GPUs. In addition, AMD will learn through real-world field testing how good its technologies are for VR content creation. If the channel becomes popular among early adopters of virtual reality headsets or among those, who will watch 360° videos using their mobile devices, AMD's Radeon brand will gain some additional recognition.
360° video and VR technologies for news reporting and documentaries could useful on some occasions. For example, when you need to show excitement of the crowd at a major sport, political or product launch event. However, in many cases typical photos will just do their job for the vast majority of people. Moreover, if we are talking about VR for the masses, we need to keep in mind motion sickness sometimes caused by contemporary VR headsets, which is something that will limit adoption of the technology in general.
Finally, in their announcement the AP notes that their editors will have complete control over the editorial content presented via the new virtual reality channel, which means that we could see very creative way of using 360° video and VR technologies for journalism. Medium is a major thing in story telling. The VR360 channel from AP might just show whether virtual reality is the medium for next-generation journalism or not.
Scottish clubs have voted against implementing stricter regulations to combat racism and sectarianism.
Among the deterrents considered at the Scottish Football Association's general meeting were longer player suspensions, points deductions and stadium bans.
But members decided against the introduction of automatic sanctions.
SFA president Campbell Ogilvie said the result was "disappointing", adding that there will be "consultation on a more robust set of disciplinary measures".
A statement from the governing body explained that the "majority of members voted against proposals to introduce strict liability to combat unacceptable conduct in Scottish football".
I think this was an opportunity rather than a threat, to try and deal with our own affairs Stewart Regan SFA chief executive
The statement added: "Nonetheless, the members did agree in principle to continued engagement on the topic and to devise an action plan to establish a viable deterrent to such behaviour."
Under current regulations, clubs are able to avoid sanctions by arguing that they had taken "reasonably practicable" steps to avoid unacceptable behaviour from fans.
SFA chief executive Stewart Regan explained: "As far as the specific wording and the resolution is concerned, the clubs felt that it was drafted in such a way as to be too onerous; to move to strict liability from where we are now was quite a leap.
"What the clubs have asked us to do is to look at setting up a working party to establish whether there's a viable deterrent for unacceptable behaviour that exists somewhere between our current rules and strict liability."
But Regan made it clear they think the present system is flawed, adding: "The current rules are written in such a way that we haven't been successful in bringing any prosecutions forward.
"There has to be some sort of middle ground that moves us forward.
"I think this was an opportunity rather than a threat, to try and deal with our own affairs, get them in order prior to perhaps the world governing body telling us how we should deal with such matters.
"However, I can fully understand the arguments presented by a number of the clubs and what we will do is take those away, look at what we might be able to do and come back with an alternative proposal.
"There is no direct timescale from either ourselves or from Fifa or Uefa. It's about trying to put an action plan together to stamp out unacceptable behaviour at our football grounds and try and develop a way of attracting fans and families in particular to come back to the game."
Responding to the vote on new measures to tackle unacceptable behaviour, David Scott, campaign director for anti-sectarian charity Nil By Mouth, told BBC Scotland: "Football was asked to stand up and be counted, and was found wanting.
"It certainly sends out the wrong sort of message, not just in Scotland but around European football.
"I know that the SFA are very keen for Glasgow to be one of the host cities for the 2020 European Championships and I'm not quite sure today's message really says to people, 'we're open for business'."
A total of 45 resolutions were discussed at the SFA's Hampden meeting - with a 75% majority required to pass each motion.
4th edition classes have been accused of feeling a little “samey” in combat, but there's more to classes than combat. Or there should be.
Take the 4e wizard. This is an example of a well-designed out-of-combat class. In noncombat scenes, they generally feel like wizards. A huge part of the credit goes to cantrips. When you're using Prestidigitation to make something disappear and Mage Hand to drop it into your pocket, all without making a single die roll, you feel like an all-powerful wizard. The class design complements the flavor nicely.
Compare that to the Ardent class from PHB 3. I tried an Ardent; I was reasonably interested by the premise of an emotionally explosive brain-warper who clouds men's minds. The class flavor promised that, but outside of combat, the mechanics didn't deliver. The only relevant class feature I got was a +2 to allies' social skill checks. Now, I played that up as much as I could: instead of saying, “Remember that I give you +2 to Diplomacy” I said, “Richard Ink waves their hands and feelings of wellbeing fill the room. You get a +2 to diplomacy.” That can only go so far: that's me working to support the flavor, not the mechanics of the class working to support the flavor as they do with the wizard. The Ardent badly needs a cantrip-like ability or two to give it an emotional niche besides “cleric who uses the Psionic power source”.
Really, every class could benefit from archetype-defining non-combat abilities. They're a little hard to imagine for melee classes, but every magic-using class (arcane and divine definitely, and possibly primal) should get the noncombat fun that the wizard gets from cantrips.
You know what else is cool about wizard cantrips? There is no die rolling. They always work. The wizard doesn't have to depend on the DM: the DM doesn't get to set DCs or say whether something worked or not. Cantrips are small ways that the wizard has mastery over the DM's game world.
So here's what I want to do. Every class will get at least one little cantrip-like trick. Wizards are among the most magical classes, and have three cantrips. Most classes will probably have two. Martial classes might only get one. The cantrips will have the following characteristics:
They will have primarily out-of-combat effects. Their effects should be, on the whole, minor; but characters may be able to use them cleverly to good effect.
They will not require a d20 roll. A character should be able to predictably succeed when using a cantrip.
Using a cantrip should support the reason that people play the class.
CLERIC
Most people play the cleric because the group needs a healer. Putting that aside, though, people who actually enjoy playing the cleric tend to like giving out buffs and talking about their deity. A cleric's cantrips should enable these behaviors.
-SYMBOL As a minor action, the cleric may make their god's symbol glow from their palm or holy symbol. It disappears at the end of the cleric's next turn. Sustain minor. Only a true cleric of a god can make the god's symbol perfectly. It can be faked by illusion, but such fakery can be automatically discovered by anyone trained in Religion.
-BLESS The cleric touches an object or or a willing ally with their Symbol cantrip. The mark of the god will appear on the object or creature. If an intelligent creature sees the mark and knowingly kills the creature or destroys the object, they take 5 radiant damage (10 at cleric level 11 and 15 at level 21).
A cleric may maintain one simultaneous Blessing per level. The cleric can end any Blessing at any time. All of a cleric's Blessings end when they or they fall unconscious or takes an extended rest.
PALADIN
People who play the Paladin usually want to be virtuous – sometimes obnoxiously so. A paladin will be happy if their cantrips support the paladin's code while causing potential inconvenience to their party.
-VOW The paladin makes a promise. The hearer has total confidence that the the paladin is bound to their word. If the paladin willingly or unwillingly breaks their word, they suffer Shaken Faith, which gives the effects of resurrection sickness, until they have reached 2 milestones. While in Shaken Faith, the paladin may not make Vows and is generally broody.
-TAME As a standard action, a paladin may tame any adjacent creature with the Mount keyword of the paladin's level or lower. The creature cannot be currently ridden by another rider. Such a creature instantly becomes a rideable ally of the paladin. As a minor action, the paladin may command it telepathically while it is within one mile. The paladin may only Tame one creature at a time. If a new creature is Tamed, a previously Tamed creature is released from the effect.
WARLOCK
People play the warlock because they want to act creepy and slightly evil. A warlock's cantrips should make everyone nervous.
-SUMMON As a standard action, the warlock may summon a Tiny lesser creature belonging to their patron, as appropriate for pact – devil, fairie, alien. Sustain minor. The creature can make no attacks and has defenses equal to the caster's. If the creature is hit, the caster loses a surge and the creature disappears. The creature has a fly speed of 5, and skills equal to the summoner. The creature may travel up to 10 squares away from the caster. The creature can communicate telepathically with the caster.
-BURN As a minor action, the warlock may ignite any unattended flammable object within 5 squares. Nonflammable objects become uncomfortably hot.
-EVIL EYE As a standard action, a warlock may fix a malignant stare upon any creature within 20 squares within line of sight. That creature will be under the Evil Eye until the end of the caster's next turn or until the creature gets out of line of sight of the warlock. A creature under the Evil Eye feels physically uncomfortable and takes a -2 penalties to all skill checks. On a natural 1 on any check, a creature under the Evil Eye fails spectacularly: the DM should make up a critical failure penalty. Minor persists. At eleventh level, a warlock may have two subjects under this effect – one with each eye. This creeps everyone out.
FIGHTER
People play the fighter because a) they want to be a skilled, canny, defensive warrior or b) they want to do a lot of damage and don't know about the barbarian class. Slayers are a little different, but it doesn't hurt to give them the same abilities.
-SIZE UP: A fighter can tell what level enemies are, and whether they are minions, elite, or solo. In combat, it takes a standard action. If opponents are specifically trying to hide their true abilities, they must make a Bluff check. Fighters get a +5 on their Insight vs. this bluff.
RANGER
The deal with rangers is that they can track. Although the Ranger class description mentions their tracking abilities, they have no tracking class features to back it up. Furthermore, the Nature skill doesn't even mention tracking. Perhaps WOTC was intentionally divorcing the ranger class from its “Aragorn” history: but what wotc has put asunder, let us join together.
-TRACK: The Ranger can determine the number and kind of creatures who have passed in the last day, and follow their trail. If the targets are hiding their trail, they make an opposed Nature check: otherwise, the ranger automatically succeeds, regardless of weather and conditions. At level 11, the ranger can track trails up to a week old; at level 21, a month old.
WARLORD
The Warlord desperately needs some abilities that let them lead an army.
-DRILLING: By putting allies through a course of martial lessons, a Warlord can permanently increase their combat abilities. Able-bodied creatures capable of bearing arms, of less than the Warlord's level, may be drilled. Untrained but able-bodied civilians become level 1 monsters. Other creatures gain a level, up to the Warlord's level. Once a creature has been given a level by a warlord once, it cannot gain a second in this way.
Unless otherwise specified, gaining a level grants extra HP (typically 8, but dependent on role), and +1 to defenses, attack, and damage.
The Warlord can train five beings a week at level 1, 50 a week at level 11, and 500 a week at level 21.
ROGUE
The player of a rogue wants their character to be a movie star.
-IMPLAUSIBLE ESCAPE: Whenever a rogue dies off-screen (not witnessed by any intelligent creature), they are not really dead. They can rejoin the party at a suitably dramatic moment, at half their hit points, as soon as they come up with an unlikely explanation for how they survived.
One of the effects of this is that rogues who scout far enough ahead can't be killed (permanently) by traps. They are, however, still vulnerable to most monsters. Furthermore, a rogue who's close to death is best served by jumping into a dark pit.
Archive Archives
User:Senegambianamestudy, I was quite right to remove the tags on the article here. There is no ongoing discussion here about the issues, the AfD voted keep, and you are not instituting any processes (RfC's or similair) to remedy - what you see as - the faults. Tags are not meant to be permanent 'badges of shame' simply because one editor doesn't like an article, but has failed to get it deleted.
For what it is worth - I also think the article is fairly crap, merely a list of groups which SPLC have described as espousing Bl Sup rhetoric or ideology. The only good things which can be said about this article are that is much better than what existed before AfD 1, and probably better than any article which would be created if this one were deleted by someone who would think "we have an article on white supremacy, why not on the black equivalent?" A logic that ignores the fact that whilst Wh Sup is a much studied and potent force in US politics (and to a lesser extent other countries' politics), Bl Sup is a marginal force - little more than an occasional rhetorical position among fringe groups, though something that probably "scares the shit out of white folks". Thus your 'notability' argument I agree with, though not necessarily all others.
I have little interest in the subject, which to me is little more than an ocassionaly used term, (barely even defined since its use is deemed self-evident), not a significant (or significantly studied) phenomenon. I suspect other editors, apart from myself, only watchlist this article because they know it is an occasional WP:OR and PoV magnet, and occasionally the subject of niave editing.
You should actively take steps to remedy faults if you want the tags to remain - otherwise they are futile and should be removed.
BTW, finally, please don't give orders to other editors in your edit reasons - it is needlessly rude and counter-productive unless you have the power/authority to back them up or unless the other editor was clearly at fault (which I was not I believe). Pincrete (talk) 11:25, 6 September 2018 (UTC)
Can you please explain to me how does one improve an article which fails our notable guidelines in the first place - coupled with WP:SYNTH and original research? I asked that question when I put up this article for deletion but none of those voting keep answered that. See discussions above: Original Research, factual accuracy, synth and one main source. Also, is this article a list? [1] Also, my editor summary was not an order, but a direct reference to our policies. You do not remove tags when the issues discussed in the article's talk page have not been addressed. Senegambianamestudy (talk) 10:01, 9 September 2018 (UTC) No I can't explain how to improve the article - because it is possibly/probably unimprovable. Not enough has been written about the subject to make much of an article. I don't agree about WP:OR - single source is self-evident. But having twice passed the AfD 'notability' test, the matter is out of your or my hands. I restrict my activity here to watching. I said from day one that I understood your frustration, but tags shouldn't be used as a permanent 'badge of shame', because you and/or I think the article is low grade. Pincrete (talk) 13:33, 9 September 2018 (UTC)
If "not enough has been written about the subject to make much of an article", then surely it is too soon and therefore fails our notability guidelines. In any case, Doug Weller: Senegambianamestudy (talk) 15:19, 12 September 2018 (UTC)
@Senegambianamestudy: see Wikipedia:Template messages/Cleanup which says "Tags must be accompanied by a comment on the article's talk page explaining the problem and beginning a discussion on how to fix it, or for simpler and more obvious problems, a remark using the reason parameter as shown below. Tagging editors must be willing to follow through with substantive discussion."
An example: {{Disputed}} states
Usage First add a new section named "Disputed" to the article's talk page, describing the problems with the disputed statements. Then place {{Disputed}} at the top of the disputed article. If the talk page discussion is not in a section named "Disputed", use {{Disputed|talk page section name}} (for a talk page section named "Disputed information", use {{Disputed|Disputed information}} in the article). If there is no talk page, the tag won't refer to it (in which case it's recommended to consider whether the tag should be there, since there is no reason given). Articles using this template as shown above are placed into Category:Accuracy disputes.
We also have a content guideline on this at Wikipedia:Accuracy dispute which again calls for a specific section on the talk page.
Template {{original research}} says it should be removed if it isn't obvious or explained:
Note: This template should not be applied without explanation on the talk page, and should be removed if the original research is not readily apparent when no explanation is given.
So, start sections for each one, then add the tag. Doug Weller talk 10:45, 9 September 2018 (UTC)
Okay! Thank you Doug. Senegambianamestudy (talk) 08:17, 11 September 2018 (UTC)
Firstly, separatism and supremacism are not synonymous, I suspect that there are -or have been historically - many groups which believed in separatism, but not supremacism. While not all 'our' groups are necessarily separatist. Secondly the navbox lists only the same groups as this article (ie those described as supremacist - or using supremacist rhetoric by SPLC).
Should the navbox be removed and/or renamed? I'm posting here because others have more knowledge than I of the US-scene.
The navbox appears to have been here since time immemorial and may be simply missed 'clear-up'. Pincrete (talk) 13:47, 9 September 2018 (UTC)
Until July, the template was called "Black supremacist organizations". It was moved and revised, and as you indicated, it's probably inappropriate for this article now. — MShabazz Talk/ Stalk 14:29, 9 September 2018 (UTC)
Primary sources [ edit ]
Primary sources don't indicate notability. We need reliable and high-quality secondary sources for all the groups included here or they may be subject to removal. ♫ RichardWeiss talk contribs 19:19, 18 November 2018 (UTC)
Semi-protected edit request on 10 February 2019 [ edit ]
I'm writing to Wikipedia to amend the story of black statements as violence, molesting, financial violations compared to white supremacy Wikipedia statements. That's my arguments. Bade047 (talk) 11:04, 10 February 2019 (UTC)
Update Listen to the Rand Paul interview here
On Thursday evening during the Hannity show on Fox News Rand Paul endorsed Mitt Romney. After, the Liberty movement has been engulfed in a heated debate over what this endorsement means and to the future of the revolution vs. the establishment.
As someone who has dedicated everything I can to the Liberty movement and my vehement support for Ron Paul I know that certain principles must be in play if we are to resolve things and continue fighting for our future. One thing I love about Dr. Paul is their unwavering adherence to the way they interact with others. What principle would Dr. Paul practice if they were not Ron Paul but a Ron Paul supporter?
Then, I remembered a quote I once read from a British Philosopher Herbert Spencer “There is a principle which is a bar against all information, which is proof against all arguments and which cannot fail to keep a man in everlasting ignorance — that principle is contempt prior to investigation.”
Rand Paul's endorsement has created more questions than answers. So, I decided to reach out and talk to the Senator.
Saturday morning I emailed Senator Paul's office to request an interview with Rand Paul for Daily Paul Radio with Kurt Wallace. I promptly got a call this morning from Doug Stafford – that Senator Paul has agreed to do the interview. Doug told me that Senator Paul was very appreciative and looking forward to clearing the air. My only request was that they give me at least 24 hours to get questions submitted from the Daily Paul community, which they also agreed to without hesitation.
I have questions, you have questions!
Submit yours at the Daily Paul here.
Be a Leader in Liberty!
Kurt Wallace
American who has used the method to cross the Channel and the Alps takes off from Maine suspended by 370 balloonsUpdate: Balloonist abandons effort over Newfoundland
An American aviator has begun the first attempt to cross the Atlantic suspended by hundreds of coloured balloons. Jonathan Trappe took off from Caribou, Maine, on Thursday morning as their capsule was lifted by 370 helium-filled balloons in heavy fog and they headed east from the US.
The concept may sound like the story from the Disney film Up but Trappe, 39, specialises in cluster ballooning and was the first person to cross the Channel and the Alps using the method.
The transatlantic trip could be as long as 2,500 miles (4,000km) and take between three and five days. Depending on the weather, they could land anywhere between Iceland and Morocco.
Trappe is relying on state of the art weather data from the meteorologist who advised Felix Baumgartner on their record-breaking skydive from the stratosphere last year. The latest weather reports suggested winds would take Trappe to western Europe.
"Weather is absolutely the most dangerous factor," said Trappe, speaking immediately before launch. " It's the only thing that will carry me across, but bad conditions could also ruin the attempt or endanger my life."
Trappe, an IT project manager from Raleigh, North Carolina, said: "It was nail-biting waiting for a weather window that would allow me to get up into the air and catch those transatlantic winds we'd been seeing. I need to get on them and ride them across like a conveyor belt."
Trappe will climb as high as 25,000ft (7.6km) to ride the winds that will propel them towards Europe. To ascend they will drop ballast and to descend they will pop or release balloons.
Trappe already holds the record for the longest ever cluster balloon flight of 14 hours. "This is far greater than anything achieved before," they said. I'm looking at 62 hours or longer."
On previous flights Trappe travelled on an office chair suspended by the balloons. On this trip, they are travelling inside a small yellow lifeboat. "If I touch down on water then the attempt will be over as it will be impossible to take off again, but the boat will keep me alive," they said. "It will be incredibly dangerous as I could be several days away from any rescue crew and it will mean surviving rough seas for a long time, alone."
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Giving players the ability to kick away other cars with giant boots or disrupt their driving ability are too silly for standard competitive Rocket League play, That's serious business. Next month's newly-announced Rumble mode looks to be anything but.
Announced during the finale of the Rocket League Championship Series in Hollywood, California today, Rocket League Rumble is a free game that sets loose players in an arena packed with 11 ridiculous new power-ups.
The Boot (Kick's an opponent's car)
(Kick's an opponent's car) Disruptor (Forces the opponent to drive uncontrollably)
(Forces the opponent to drive uncontrollably) Freezer (Freezes the ball in-place)
(Freezes the ball in-place) Grappling Hook (Pulls you towards the ball)
(Pulls you towards the ball) Haymaker (Punches the ball)
(Punches the ball) Magnetizer (Attracts the ball to your car)
(Attracts the ball to your car) Plunger (Grabs the ball via plunger and cord)
(Grabs the ball via plunger and cord) Power Hitter (Hit everything harder)
(Hit everything harder) Spike (Attach the ball to your car when you bump into it)
(Attach the ball to your car when you bump into it) Swapper (Change positions on the field with your opponent)
(Change positions on the field with your opponent) Tornado (Sweep up the ball and cars into a giant funnel cloud)
Boxing gloves, spikes, grappling hooks—this is all of the stuff I've been craving in Rocket League since I realized I couldn't win on skill alone. I look forward to my first victory via chaos next month. Plus it's only the beginning of a major update coming in September, so expect more sports driving goodness for everyone.
Snow is predicted on Sunday for Kuurne-Brussel-Kuurne and it could have an effect on the race, with climbs possibly being taken out of route, the organisers have said. Related Articles Team IAM gets wildcards to Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne
Kuurne-Brussel-Kuurne past winners
Snow hits races across Europe
Cancellation of Kuurne-Brussel-Kuurne costs the organisers dearly
Snow cancels Nokere Koerse
No matter what the weather, Cyclingnews will be there to bring you every minute of the action. Our live coverage will start at 11:30 Saturday for the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and at 12:15 Sunday for Kuurne-Brüssels-Kurrne.
Race organisers will make a decision on Kuurne on Saturday afternoon, said Geert Penez to Het Nieuwsblad. “If there is snow expected on Sunday, we will have an alternative route. The 'hellingen' will be taken out and we will just go over major roads. It deals with La Houppe (Vloesberg), Kanarieberg (Ronse), Kwaremont and the Côte du Trieu.”
There is also the worst case scenario. “If there is really a lot of snow then we would be forced to consider cancelling the race. We will meet Sunday at eleven for that. But that is really an extreme case.”
The race has twice been cancelled due to bad weather, in 1993 and 1986. In 2010 it was run in extreme weather conditions which saw only 26 riders finish.
Angelo Ogbonna has made 23 Serie A appearances this season.
Liverpool and Tottenham are both considering a move for Juventus and Italy defender Angelo Ogbonna this summer, sources have told ESPN FC.
The Premier League clubs are in the market for a new central defender during this summer's transfer window and Ogbonna is high on their wanted lists.
Ogbonna has struggled to hold down a regular place in the Juventus starting XI this season, making 16 league starts as the Bianconeri retained their Serie A title and reached the Champions League final.
The 26-year-old has failed to establish themselves ahead of the likes of Giorgio Chiellini, Leonardo Bonucci and Andrea Barzagli since joining from Torino in the summer of 2013 and they could be tempted to move on in search of regular first-team football.
Tottenham and Liverpool have been long-term admirers of Ogbonna having tracked them during their time at Torino and they feel they could lure them away from Turin this summer.
Spurs are expected to offload the likes of Younes Kaboul and Vlad Chiriches at the end of the season freeing up space for manager Mauricio Pochettino to bring in defensive reinforcements.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is keen to resolve their side's defensive problems with Kolo Toure departing when their contract expires, while Martin Skrtel is yet to sign a new deal and Dejan Lovren has struggled to impress in their first season at Anfield.
Once upon a time, memes were the height of creative expression from the burgeoning groundswell of internet culture. While may-mays have since bastardized by out of touch advertisers and inebriated aunt's on Facebook, we shouldn't forget that they are a significant part of our shared internet history, and sometimes — we might add — were actually hilarious. Today, we take a look down memory lane at some of the funniest memes we've ever seen:
Scumbag Brain
Scumbag Brain explores humankind's greatest enemy — their own brain:
And if you liked this post, be sure to check out these popular posts: The Best Of The Scumbag Brain Meme The Monster Inside: Scumbag Brain The George Washington Meme Is The Greatest Thing You'll See Today 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12
Scumbag Steve
If Scumbag Brain is the enemy within, Scumbag Steve is the enemy in the real world. Acting as if they are a friend, he's the weaselly guy who steals $10 from your wallet and then has the nerve to ask you if they can borrow a 20:
The average lady of the year 2018 wants to sit down in front of the screen watching movies or other items that catches their fancy. The average lady around you does not have time to undergo the rigors that will come with an exercise regime that will lead to the shedding of the excess calories on their body mass. Yet they want to clinically get rid of the huge mass of flesh that they have to contend with. The majority of them are ready to spend any amount that a service provider will demand provided it will work for them. That is the level of frustrations in the polity today and the answers to its rest with very few service providers among the thousands that are available today. So how do you know the ultimate among them? The answer to that will be provided shortly below.
What Is The Root Cause of Obesity?
When you know the source of a problem, then getting the solution will be very easy by simply tackling the problem from the source. The best slimming pill will not work if extra care is not taken to avoid the pitfalls that produced the issue of obesity in the first place. Come to think of it, of what use will a weight loss pill be if the treason for obesity is gluttony and the patient continues in the habit of eating more than they can chew while taking the pills and expecting the results to show. There is no way to get any meaningful results through that method of approach. You have to zip up your mouth before you can get any meaningful results.
There Are Many Service Providers
When you go online today with the sole aim of ordering a bottle of slimming supplement, you will see a set of service providers. But are they all genuine? Are they really out to give that single pill that will reverse the issues? The reality of the situation is that not all of them come with the required quality that will count. We have in their mix the poor; the average; good and best. Take it or leave it; none of them will tell you their weak the weak points of their formula because that will run counterproductive to their aims.
It will be almost an impossible task to get to really know the quality behind any of this service providers because they have spent a colossal amount of their budget to contract the experts who have worked on their PR and what you will see on their web pages and around them is beauty all the way. But after careful analysis of the trends in the industry for 2018, it was discovered that the collection of the 6 Best Diet Pills For Women That Really Work In 2018 can be found on credible links.
The Strengths And Weaknesses
When you want to take any slimming pill, you are expected to have the true picture of the strength of the supplement in your system when you take them. There is no perfect pill; every one of the supplements that you see online has their side effects; in some very good cases, the side effects might be very minimal; the type that would not produce adverse side effects when you use them. Majority of the service providers are seen to exaggerate the potency of their pill and at the same time do all in their powers to hide the side effects. There is nothing like no known side effects; it is a marketing hype to hide the real issues. The list of 6 that you will find on the link above represents the best around for now. The individual strengths and weaknesses of the six are explained with no hype intended and you can take your pick among them with the assurance that you are getting a quality that really counts.
What Happens After Weight Loss?
That is a big question that you should ponder on. Some of the products will only produce a result on the spur of the moment. When you use them, they work like magic in the system and you will be happy with the results you see on the body. The manufacturers will tell you that the food you eat does not matter; that come what may, you will get the desired results. That is very far from the truth. When you lose the weight through such an arrangement, you can be assured that it will come back through the back door with a greater venom. So you have to exercise restraints with some of the pills that are around for weight slimming for now because not all that glitters is gold. You can be sure of getting a quality that counts from the list that you have among any of the six.
People Do Not Have The Discipline
You have to maintain a disciplined approach to issues that relate to eating habits if you really want the very best of these pills to work for you. There are no two ways to it if the truth is to be told. When you take these pills; you have to listen to and follow the advice of your dietician if you really want to achieve expected results that will give you expected peace of mind. The two must work together because they go hand in hand. When you are disciplined in your eating habits and you place an order for any of the 6 Best Diet Pills For Women That Really Work In 2018 available on some links that are credible.
Weight Maintenance
A credible slimming capsule is one that has the capacity to help in maintaining the weight of the body. The weight of the body according to the bone mass of the body should be in agreement if the issue of obesity is to be avoided. The list of six above will provide this balance. They represent the best available for now in the market.
President Barack Hussein Obama was invited to address a major gathering of the American Indian Nation a few weeks ago in upstate New York.
They spoke for almost an hour about their plans for increasing every Native American's present standard of living. They referred to their time as a U.S. Senator and how they had voted for every Native American issue that came to the floor of the Senate.
Although President Obama was vague about the details of their plans, they seemed most enthusiastic and spoke eloquently about their ideas for helping their “red sisters and brothers.”
At the conclusion of their speech, the Tribes presented Obama with a plaque inscribed with their new Indian name, “Walking Eagle.” The proud President then departed in their motorcade to a fundraiser, waving to the crowds.
A news reporter later asked the group of chiefs how they came to select the new name they had given to the President.
They explained that “Walking Eagle” is the name given to a bird so full of shit it can no longer fly.
Chinese and Thai biologists say they have discovered a new stone oak species in Thailand.
More than 300 species of stone oak are known from eastern India to Japan and the eastern tip of Papua New Guinea.
The new species, named Lithocarpus orbicarpus, is a medium to small tree with simple leaves.
It can be easily distinguished by its spherical acorns covered with a dense pattern of irregularly placed scales that completely conceal the nut, except for a tiny opening at the top, and which are arranged in dense clusters on upright spikes.
Lithocarpus orbicarpus is currently known only from the Ton Pariwat Wildlife Sanctuary in Thailand.
This sanctuary is popular for its rich bird- and wildlife such as the Blue-banded Kingfisher and Whitehanded Gibbons, as well for its rare and beautiful flora like Rafflesia's – known to hold some of the largest flowers on Earth. It covers a region of low-lying forested mountains and is located in the middle of a fascinating transition zone that lies between the northern Indochinese and the southern Sundaland biogeographic regions.
“During our field survey, we found only one individual tree, located on a gentle sloping section of closed dense forest,” said Dr Joeri Strijk from the Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, China, who is the lead author of a paper describing the new species in the open-access journal PhytoKeys.
“We know next to nothing about this species' biology, its evolution or position within the Oak family. Follow-up molecular work will provide us with more information, but additional survey work will have to be undertaken to determine the actual population size within the sanctuary.”
“So far, it seems that the species is not only endemic but also very rare within the confined area where it appears,” Dr Strijk concluded.
______
Strijk JS et al. 2013. Lithocarpus orbicarpus (Fagaceae), a new species of Stone Oak from Phang Nga province, Thailand. PhytoKeys 34: 33–45; doi: 10.3897/phytokeys.34.6429
PreSchool-Toddlers know all about being carried, so they will immediately connect to this title that describes the different and unique ways animal mothers transport their young. In fact, text and illustrations at the beginning and end of the book include human babies, reinforcing this commonality. Unlike those creatures that "stand up right away," the majority of the animals portrayed here "need more time to grow" and must be carried on backs, latch onto tails, hang onto bellies, float along on a tail, or lie snug inside a mother's mouth. Each pair is portrayed on a full page, with a phrase underneath beginning with an apt verb, such as "nudged" or "tucked" or "boosted," that notes the attending movement. Action is also reinforced in many illustrations by an ear or a tail or a paw pushing out beyond the frame. A wide array of creatures inhabits the pages, from kangaroos to crocodiles to bats and opossums. A chart at the end identifies them all, under the heading, "Meet the Babies." The large, soft watercolor illustrations and rhyming text make this celebration of parent/child love a natural for toddler storytime, and it's also perfect for one-on-one sharing.
Jane Marino, Scarsdale Public Library, NY
Copyright 2003 Reed Business Information, Inc.
Get in the hole! Astonishing moment a 15ft sinkhole swallowed a GOLFER as they walked along the fairway of course near St Louis
Mark Mihal was with friends at the Annbriar Golf Course near Waterloo when they suddenly disappeared into the turf on the fairway of the 14th hole
They landed on a pile of mud in the cavernous space that could have fit up to 10 people and looked like it was about to sink further
Mortgage banker was hoisted out of the cave by their friends who climbed down a ladder to tie a rope around their waist
Suffered a dislocated shoulder and has vowed not to return to the course
Victim: St Louis Mortgage banker and avid golfer Mark Mihal, pictured, was with friends at the Annbriar Golf Course near Waterloo when they suddenly disappeared into the turf on the fairway of the 14th hole
A Missouri father was hoping for a hole-in-one when they set out for a day of golf on Friday - but they didn't think he'd end up the one in the hole.
St Louis mortgage banker and avid golfer Mark Mihal was with three friends at the Annbriar Golf Course near Waterloo, Illinois, when they suddenly disappeared into the turf on the fairway of the 14th hole.
The 43-year-old fell into a bell-shaped enclosure below the green that measured 15 feet deep and 10 feet wide, surprising their golf pals and the course management who said this was the first time anything like this had happened in Annbriar's 20-year history.
'I noticed this anomaly in the fairway and went to have a look but, by the time I took one step, I was gone, I was underground,' Mihal told MailOnline.
'When I went through (the opening) I couldn't see anything, I didn't know how far I was going or what I was going to hit.'
They said, after plummeting through the earth, they landed on a pile of mud in a cavernous space that could have fit up to 10 people.
'I was just lying on the side of the mound,' they said. 'There was some room in there, it was sort of like a room or a cave. It wasn't confining. It was very dark, though after a while my eyes got used to it. But I couldn't look up because there was stuff still falling.'
The rescue was precarious as no one knew whether the hole would expand, swallowing more people. The fact they dislocated their shoulder in the fall didn't help either.
'I knew the only way to get out was straight up and I didn't have the use of my left arm,' they said.
Sinkhole: The 43-year-old fell into a bell-shaped enclosure below the green that measured 15 feet deep and 10 feet wide, pictured
Friends: Mihal's friends, pictured, managed to hoist them out of the hole by tying a rope around their waist
They said they were pretty eager to get out as soon as possible, fearing the ground beneath them would continue to sink.
'I felt quite stable on the mud, but when I looked around me there were some cracks where there was just blackness so I think (the hole) was just going to keep going,' they said.
Mihal pushed the thoughts of February's deadly sinkhole out of their mind and focused on how they were going to get out with their left arm out of order. They also thought about how fortunate they were not to have been golfing alone that day.
'If you're playing by yourself and waiting for someone to find you you'd be waiting a long time,' they said.' Fortunately, it wasn't an elderly person or someone on their own. Or an entire golf cart. We were told to park the carts off the ground that day.'
Mihal added: 'Maybe I'm lucky and unlucky,' referring to having their friends on hand to help.
While they never would have suspected a 15ft sinkhole on the course, Mihal, who had played at Annbriar more than 10 times in the past, said they did notice something odd on the 14th hole fairway before they dropped through the earth.
Avid golfer: Mihal, pictured on another course, is an avid golfer but says they will probably not play at Annbriar again
Scene: The sinkhole opened up on the fairway of the 14th hole, circled, on Annbriar Golf Course
They said Peters was sizing up a shot and Martinez and Magaletta were having a break in a wooded area nearby when they saw a dip on the green and went to take a look.
'I noticed this anomaly in the fairway, it was a bathtub size depression, and I thought to myself "that is unfair to have that there," they said.
'It didn't look unstable, I was just thinking how would you play a shot from there.'
Recovering: Mihal, pictured, is undergoing medical tests to make sure the dislocated shoulder is the only injury they came out of the hole with
Mihal is undergoing medical tests to make sure the dislocated shoulder is the only injury they came out of the hole with. They had an MRI today to determine whether the arm requires surgery.
The health scare is quite enough for 43-year-old's family, who have been supporting their wife, Lori, through chemotherapy for breast cancer.
Lori wrote an account of their husband's sinkhole survival on a golfing website Mihal co-owns, golfmanna.com .
'He was having a great round and lots of laughs with their buddies,' they wrote.
'Mark had already hit their second shot when they went to check out the distance for their playing partner, Mike Peters, who was getting ready to hit. Mike had their back to Mark and when they turned to say something to him, Mark was gone.'
Lori said Mihal is claustrophobic and began to panic when they realized their predicament and their injury meant they were in excruciating pain.
'The clubhouse respondents brought a 12-foot ladder, which they put down the side of the hole and propped on a mound of mud within it,' they wrote.
'However, Mark was another six feet below that level and had dislocated their shoulder during the fall; they only had the use of one arm and couldn't pull themselves up to the ladder.'
Lori said Peters called them once Mihal was out of the hole and in an ambulance on their way to hospital.
Unbelievable: Mark Mihal's wife, Lori, pictured right, said the whole story was 'unbelievable'
'As soon as I answered, I asked "What is wrong?" they recalled. 'He said, "Mark is fine, but they have had an accident and is in an ambulance." I don't think they knew how to tell me that my husband had just been swallowed by the earth. It just sounds too unbelievable!'
They said when their husband told the story of what had happened they were 'dumbfounded.'
'I immediately thanked God that they were able to get them out; I, too, couldn't help but think of the recent news buzz about sinkholes and people being lost forever.'
They said the bizarre incident reminds them of the movie Space Jam in which Michael Jordan disappears into the ground while playing golf.
'We're very fortunate that Mark wasn't injured worse than they were – or even killed,' they said. 'It's just another reminder to hold your loved ones close and thank God for all the blessings we've been given.'
Geologist Philip Moss said sinkholes are common around St Louis because the limestone bedrock often dissolves in rainwater creating a cave below the surface. But they told the St Louis Post-Dispatch the openings are generally visible.
'This guy just really was in the wrong place at the wrong time,' Moss said.
Mihal said the Annbriar course had been one of their favorites and they and their golf pals - the Friday Foursome - have enjoyed playing it for years.
'It's one of the better, if not the best public course in the area,' they said.
But while he's sure to continue their golfing hobby after their shoulder recovers, Mihal will be giving that particular green a wide berth.
'I think its just a little too weird,' they said. 'I don't think I'd be very comfortable playing that hole again.'
We try and keep our “check out this awesome 3D print design” stories to one per day, but since today's allotment was used on a Pokémon story about a Dugtrio “bobblehead”, we thought we should show some 3D-printing love to Digimon too without truly breaking that guideline.
On offer here is the Digivice, the, erm, device, that has a variety of functions including making Digimon Digivolve.
Okay, the prefix “digi” is getting real old now. I'll stop using it now, I promise.
This design comes to us from Jill Cope who has posted it on MyMiniFactory, where you can download it for free.
Here's the 3D render… …and here's the final printed result. Neat!
Now, because we've barely been able to contain it up until now and it's the perfect song for a Friday, here's the original opening theme. We are truly sorry about putting this nostalgic earworm into your head. Well, sort of.
More, free 3D printable designs:
Researchers hope to protect against another HIV-like outbreak
Throughout Asia, humans and monkeys live side-by-side in many urban areas. An international research team from the University of Washington, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and Jahangirnagar University has been examining transmission of a virus from monkeys to humans in Bangladesh, one of the world's most densely populated countries.
The scientists have found that some people in these urban areas are concurrently infected with multiple strains of simian foamy virus, including recombinant strains — those from more than one source — originally detected in the monkeys.
“These Asian rhesus macaques are Darwinian superstars,” said Lisa Jones-Engel, a primatologist with the National Primate Research Center at the UW and the project leader. “They are very responsive to change and, unlike many other species of primates, they are going to continue to thrive in human-altered habitats.”
Simian foamy viruses, which are ubiquitous in nonhuman primates, are retroviruses that exhibit high levels of mutation and recombination – a potentially explosive combination.
In a paper published Sept. 4 in the journal Emerging Microbes & Infections, the scientists characterize the simian retroviral strains that are being transmitted between species and provide a glimpse into the behaviors of humans and monkeys contributing to the infections.
By analyzing what is happening at the human-primate interface, the researchers hope to protect humans from another deadly outbreak similar to HIV. They focus on Asia because that continent has witnessed the emergence of several infectious diseases in the past decade. Asia also has a volatile combination of a population that is increasingly mobile and with a compromised immune response living in proximity with animals.
In the study, researchers collected biological samples from hundreds of people and macaques in five urban sites, as well as from a group of nomadic people who travel throughout Bangladesh with their performing monkeys.
The research team found that transmission of simian foamy virus between species occurred most commonly through bites. Simian foamy virus replicates in oral tissues and is secreted in the saliva of infected primates. In their study, more than half of the subjects reported having been bitten at least once by a rhesus macaque, but the percentage of subjects reporting having being bitten at each site varied significantly by subjects' sex and religion. Researchers also found that primates, both human and nonhuman, can be infected with more than one strain of simian foamy virus, which is significant because co-infection can lead to viral recombination.
Among those infected with more than one strain of simian foamy virus – humans or macaques – recombination between the strains could occur.
Maxine Linial, a retrovirologist at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, said successful viruses are readily transmitted and viruses evolve to be successful. They said viruses sometimes have effects on hosts to aid in transmission and these effects can have potential disease-causing consequences.
Simian foamy virus is not currently known to cause disease, but that was also the case for simian immunodeficiency virus before recombination and mutation allowed infection of and transmission between new hosts, Linial said.
“The possibility that a pathogenic SFV strain could arise makes it essential to monitor natural infections. If a viral strain with pathogenic potential arises, we will know about it early rather than too late, which was the situation with the emergence of HIV,” they said.
By using mutations in the viruses that differentiated them from one another, the researchers were able to group the viruses into strains. They found that these strains showed a strong geographic signal, where monkeys from each given area primarily had strains characteristic of that site. However, deforestation and human transport of monkeys concentrated the strains and then moved them.
The data show a population in transition, said Frederick Matsen, a computational biologist at Fred Hutchinson.
“If we were to sample 25 years earlier or 25 years later we would have seen a completely different story,” they said.
Since more humans have been shown to have been infected with simian foamy viruses through primate contact more than with any other simian-borne virus, the researchers reason that pinpointing the factors that influence transmission and infection are important to a general understanding of how viruses can jump the species barrier.
“If we want to understand how, where and why these primate viruses are being transmitted, we need to be looking at (simian foamy virus) in Asia where millions of people and tens of thousands of macaques are interacting every day and where we estimate that thousands of people could be infected with strains of SFV,” said UW researcher Jones-Engel.
Jones-Engel said if researchers had been on the ground 50 years ago, they may have seen how simian immunodeficiency viruses crossed the species barrier resulting in HIV.
“We have been playing catch up with the SIV-HIV question for years,” they said. “We still don't know why only some viral strains are capable of establishing persistent infections in humans.”
Jones-Engel said long-term surveillance is needed in the areas where humans and primates come into contact, since it's unlikely that SIV-HIV will be the last primate virus to emerge into the human population.
Regardless of whether simian foamy virus becomes a significant pathogen, researchers called for continued monitoring of the virus at the human and nonhuman primate interface.
###
This Thursday, July 23, 2015, photo, shows the Comcast building sign at Rockefeller Center, in New York. Comcast reports financial earnings on Wednesday, Feb. 3, 2016. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) The Associated Press
By TALI ARBEL, AP Technology Writer
NEW YORK (AP) — Comcast is trumpeting its best year for traditional TV services in nearly a decade, even though it continues to lose TV subscribers.
The number of traditional TV customers is still declining across the industry, and analysts say Comcast's TV gains are largely coming from competitors, like AT&T and Dish, rather than young new cable customers who have never paid for cable before.
Comcast says it is stemming its losses by luring customers with new TV-Internet packages, while keeping TV customers around for longer with the help of a fancier cable box. The company also says recent investments in customer service, long a blemish on its reputation, have helped.
Comcast said Wednesday that it added 89,000 TV customers in the last three months of 2015, which it said was its best quarter since the October-December period of 2006. For the full year, Comcast lost 36,000 TV customers, the smallest drop since its annual string of TV customer losses that began in 2007.
Other cable companies are improving, too, even as cable bills rise overall and people spend more time watching video online. Time Warner Cable posted a small gain of 32,000 TV customers for 2015, the first year it's added TV subscribers since 2006.
"Definitely what we're seeing is a share shift" to cable, largely from AT&T, said Bruce Leichtman of Leichtman Research Group, which tracks the industry. They said a large part of that is because AT&T is emphasizing its satellite provider DirecTV, which it bought in July, at the expense of its U-verse service.
And cable companies' resurgence isn't "a referendum on cord cutting," said Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson Research, referring to customers cutting or skipping traditional TV subscriptions in favor of online options. That continues to decline at nearly 1 percent a year. Instead, they see the beginnings of a "long-term shift" of customers to cable companies from their satellite-TV and phone-company competitors.
Morgan Stanley analyst Ben Swinburne says cable companies are getting a boost from their relatively fast Internet offerings and from skinny bundles — cheaper packages with fewer TV channels.
Comcast's skinny bundles include Internet Plus — local TV stations, the Internet and HBO — and a service called Stream, which delivers channels over the Internet without needing a cable box.
On a call with analysts, Comcast said that 75 percent of its new TV customers were still "higher-end," bigger bundles. And the company defended the traditional bundle. Steve Burke, the head of NBCUniversal, said the big bundle is "going to continue to be a very good business for a very long time."
Comcast is also still rolling out its updated X1 cable box, which the company says has helped it hold on to customers longer. X1 users also tend to spend more on extra DVRs, meaning more money for Comcast. Comcast says 61 percent of its new video customers in the fourth quarter got X1, and that 30 percent of its customer base has it.
And like other cable companies, Comcast has seen its Internet-access business grow. It added 1.4 million Internet customers in 2015, including 460,000 in the October-December quarter.
That's largely due to a lack of choice for speedy Internet access at home. Two-thirds of the country's homes have just one option or none at all at the speed the Federal Communications Commission has deemed broadband: 25 megabits per second.
Comcast typically promotes Internet speeds ranging from 25 to 150 megabits per second. The company announced Tuesday that it will offer gigabit Internet service — or about 1,000 megabits — in five cities this year through a modem upgrade, although it didn't say what the price would be. Rolling a faster service out nationwide should help Comcast continue to grow Internet customers, says Nomura's Anthony DiClemente.
Looking to the future, Comcast also said it may buy up wireless airwaves in the government's upcoming auction, which could help it offer cellphone service. The company has said that it is "exploring" what kind of wireless service it could do. Any cell plan from Comcast is expected to rely on Wi-Fi, but last year the company also confirmed that it was activating an option it had to resell cell service from Verizon's network.
As for Comcast's NBCUniversal business, TV ad revenue fell 2 percent to $9.18 billion for the year. For the quarter, ad revenue was largely unchanged at $854 million at cable channels like Bravo, CNBC and USA and rose 7 percent to $1.78 billion for NBC and Telemundo. The movie business got a boost from DVD and on-demand sales of hit Universal movies such as "Jurassic World," released theatrically earlier in the year.
Company-wide profit rose more than 2 percent to $1.97 billion, or 79 cents per share, in the fourth quarter. Adjusted for one-time costs, per-share earnings came to 81 cents. Revenue rose 8.5 percent to $19.2 billion.
Its shares rose $2.09, or 3.8 percent, to $56.68 in afternoon trading Wednesday. Its shares are up about 2 percent over the past year.
Davos is in a state of shock. Regulars at the talkfest in the snow in Switzerland are accustomed to turning up for a few days of mutual back-slapping, congratulating themselves on the robust state of the global economy and its potential for limitless expansion.
This year the talk is of falling asset prices, of murky financial instruments that have burrowed their way deep into the system, and of the possibility - horror of horrors - that the global economy might be on the brink of a full-scale crisis.
In truth, the sense of surprise is hard to credit, since everything that has happened was entirely predictable. For 25 years or more, the great and the good of the financial markets have been chipping away at the constraints that were put on them the last time they brought the global economy to its knees, ably aided and abetted by politicians, the international institutions and a battery of thinktanks supported by corporate interests.
Get the government off our backs, they said. Let the markets work, they said. Regulation is the enemy of innovation and efficiency, they said. Politicians duly obliged and now, according to George Soros, there is a systemic problem the like of which we have not seen for 60 years.
And now what do we find? Those self-same financial institutions, having made a colossal mess of things, are relying on the forces of darkness to bail them out. We're hurting, they say. Our losses are enormous, they say. We're too big to fail, they say.
Sadly, the latter point is absolutely true. The reason the Federal Reserve announced an emergency cut in interest rates this week was that it feared a global crash in stock markets would clobber Wall Street just at the moment the dire financial consequences of the sub-prime fiasco were becoming evident. The Fed is Wall Street's poodle, but - as the US central bank saw it - the choice was between taking a risk with inflation or having collapsing banks deflating asset prices and rocketing unemployment.
But make no mistake, the policy of slashing rates to rescue big finance is both flawed and fraught with risk. The big flaw in the cheap money approach is that it was too much cheap money that got the US (and Britain, for that matter) into difficulties in the first place. If the policy response to the collapse of one bubble is to blow up another one, then that's an indication of intellectual bankruptcy. To that extent, the more cautious approach to monetary easing adopted by the European Central Bank is rather more coherent. The ECB is concerned about inflation, perhaps obsessively so, but its refusal to be dragooned into cutting rates is at least coherent. The Fed's strategy - that a problem deferred is a problem solved - is not. Under Alan Greenspan, the Fed left rates too low for too long. Under Ben Bernanke it left them too high for too long. It takes a mighty leap of faith to assume that it will get it just right this time.
The big risk is that the impact of lower interest rates will make little difference to consumers up to their eyeballs in debt, but will instead lead to a collapse in the dollar which in turn will lead to higher imported inflation. The Fed cut interest rates with the headline rate of inflation above 4%; in the event that price pressure intensifies and the dollar's decline accelerates, its freedom of action will be seriously compromised.
But the really central issue is the one known as moral hazard. The reason Mervyn King has been taking a tough line with the City is that they don't want to be seen to be rewarding those who have taken dumb decisions. Doing so, the Bank of England's governor believes, simply encourages them to carry on doing dumb things, resulting in a still bigger crisis at some point in the future.
King is absolutely right. By cutting rates to bail out Wall Street, the Fed has created a colossal moral hazard problem. If - and it's an extremely big if - the financial markets ride out the current crisis, and anxiety about recession proves ill-founded, then it doesn't take a genius to see what will happen next. The big financial institutions will be back taking the same reckless gambles and insisting that they should be entirely free to do so.
This, though, is an entirely unsustainable position. Either the banks and the hedge funds accept that the flipside to deregulation is that they take their losses stoically when times get rough, or they accept that the price of government bailouts is that their activities are more closely monitored and regulated. They really can't have it both ways.
Faced with that choice, it's not hard to see which way Wall Street and the City would jump. These institutions think free markets are a great idea - but only for other people, not themselves. This is a chance, perhaps a once in a lifetime chance, to break the dependency culture by forcing big finance to be more transparent, having a clearly defined separation between commercial and investment banking, and by banning some of the more toxic products.
Over the past few years, there has been much talk about how poor welfare claimants have responsibilities as well as rights. Now is the time to apply the same tough love principle to rich bankers.
larry.elliott@theguardian.com
Illustration: Simon Letch. They are, however, the ones most often assaulted or abused on the street or on public transport. They're the ones whose freedom we try most to restrict. In short, they become the symbolic target for our rage; the avatar we choose to represent a generalised enemy, and the threat it poses. In this, we obey what seems a diabolically universal principle: that whatever the outrage, whatever the fear, and whatever the cause, it is women that must suffer first and most. So perhaps you'll forgive these women if they don't come out in droves to thank Senator Cory Bernardi for rescuing them from what they regard a "shroud of oppression" that "represents the repressive domination of men over women". Perhaps you'll understand they see something other than feminist concern in these words; that Bernardi might look to them a lot like Lord Cromer did to the Egyptian women they colonised in the 19th century.
Illustration: Matt Golding Cromer similarly decided Egyptian women needed emancipation, and that that they should therefore remove their veils. Meanwhile, back in England, they were the president of the Men's League for Opposing Woman Suffrage. Before the change of heart it was a burqa ban (see, even I'm doing it now) in Parliament House. The argument was about security, but it's a thin pretext. If you need to identify someone entering the building, it's dead easy to do: you take them aside to a private space and ask them to reveal their face for identification purposes. Then you subject them to the same screening as everyone else. In fact, we already do this sort of thing in airports and secure buildings with no fuss at all. The only reason there's a fuss now is that we've dreamt one up, as Prime Minister Tony Abbott's "mountain over a molehill" response suggests. I can find only one isolated example of an Australian using the anonymity of a niqab to commit a crime. By a man. This, of course, was enough for Bernardi to declare the niqab the emergent "preferred disguised of bandits and ne'er do wells", which must accordingly be banned. Not just in banks or Parliament, but everywhere. Very well then, let's get serious about this. I propose a ban on all disguises used by "bandits" anywhere, ever. Sorry kids, but Spider-Man's illegal now. Let's prosecute the CEO of K-Mart for providing material support to terrorism, or something. What are you, a weak-kneed apologist?
No, the security discourse is mere rhetorical camouflage. Abbott's chief of staff Peta Credlin advised them party's anti-burqa brigade to mount their case in security terms – not because it is their primary concern, but because it was most likely to succeed. If this looks like a solution in search of a problem, that's because the "solution" is the entire point. For Bernardi and Liberal backbencher George Christensen, who pushed it, the real goal is the total ban of the niqab in public. All else is pretext. Feminism doesn't work? Try security: whatever quasi-respectable way might open the door. It's the kind of argument that allows Coalition MPs such as the Nationals Darren Chester to argue that "we're talking about national security; we're not talking about religion or what people wear". Maybe that's true for Chester, but it clearly isn't for the MPs driving the cause. Now is when we find out what Team Australia really means. Now is when we discover if it's designed to unify a diverse nation or to demonise the socially unpopular. Attorney-General George Brandis has planted their flag in impeccably liberal style: "I have no concerns with Muslims wearing the burqa and I don't have a preference either because frankly it's none of [my] business". Abbott, too, has these instincts within him. It's often forgotten that back in 2006 when the Howard government was in the midst of an anti-veiling frenzy, it was they who wrote in the Liberal Party's journal that "ripping away Muslim girls' scarves is not going to make them more 'Australian'. If anything, it's almost certain to make them feel more vulnerable and 'different' ", and that "disparaging the religious symbols of Muslim Australians is at odds with our own best traditions".
But he's a leader now. Everything they say is for someone. The question now is: for whom are they speaking? Which team do they have in mind when they decided to share that they wish niqabs "weren't worn"? Given, on their own testimony, no niqabi has ever entered Parliament House, they knew that any ban would be symbolic. Before the back-down, it was merely a matter of which message they wanted to send. The one that upholds "our own best traditions"? Or the one that tells a minority they aren't welcome in their own Parliament? Loading Waleed Aly is a Fairfax columnist. They host Drive on ABC Radio National and is a lecturer in politics at Monash University.
Correction: The original version of this story said that Darren Chester is a Liberal, rather than a Nationals, MP.
AS Katie Taylor boxes for what their father hopes will be the last time today (4.45), Arsenal are understood to be lining up a bid to sign the Olympic gold-medal contender.
AS Katie Taylor boxes for what their father hopes will be the last time today (4.45), Arsenal are understood to be lining up a bid to sign the Olympic gold-medal contender.
Pete Taylor believes the time is ripe for their daughter to pursue a gentler lifestyle and admitted that Arsenal are among a number of professional football clubs showing an interest in the former Irish international.
Taylor was capped more than 40 times for their country before devoting themselves full-time to the quest for an Olympic boxing gold.
Arsenal already have a high-profile Irish player on their books as Leixlip native Emma Byrne has been their No 1 goalkeeper for the last 11 years.
The Gunners are the leading lights in the English ladies game, boasting 12 Premier League titles, and Byrne helped them to win the final of the UEFA Women's Cup in 2007.
"We haven't spoken about it, but I hope this is their last fight" said Pete after yesterday's 17-9 defeat of Mavzuna Chorieva.
"Like, she's done everything, she's been boxing a long time now, she's sacrificed their lives for boxing at the moment.
decision
"Obviously, it's not my decision, it's Katie's decision. Whatever decision they make, I will back them
"We'll sit down as a family and speak about it. Maybe she'll go back playing a little football, it's a little bit safer (laughing)."
Asked about the rumoured Arsenal interest, Pete revealed: "Ya, she's got a good few teams interested in them at the moment, but she's got to get back playing.
"But, look, we'll concentrate on this final first, then we'll go away for a holiday and sit down. We'll stay away from boxing for a couple of months anyway.
"She needs to regenerate now because they have had a tough career, over 150 fights now I think and all senior fights, all international fights.
"She doesn't have club fights, they're all international opponents. They just take a lot out of you at the end of the day."
Katie themselves said they were gearing up for the biggest day of their life.
"It's amazing, really" said the four-times world champion.
"This is what I dreamed of all my life and now I have the chance to box for a gold medal. It's incredible."
Irish Independent
A Gilmer County, W.Va. deputy clerk condemned a lesbian couple as they gave them a marriage certificate. Is this OK?
Samantha Brookover and Amanda Abramovich received more than a marriage certificate when they went to the courthouse in Gilmer County, W.Va.
Deputy Clerk Debbie Allen also gave them a piece of their mind.
The couple says Allen "for two to three minutes, yelled that what they were doing was wrong in their eyes and in God's eyes and that no one in Gilmer County would ever marry them." Allen eventually gave them the certificate.
According to the Charleston Gazette-Mail, Allen said they briefly and calmly told the couple what they were doing was wrong and that God would judge them, and then continued assisting them as they would other couples.
“I just told them my opinion,” they said. “I just felt led to do that. I believe God was standing with me and that's just my religious belief.”
Should Allen be allowed to express their religious beliefs as they perform their job? Or is this unacceptable and unprofessional behavior?
Also, the West Virginia Legislature is debating the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. If this becomes law, would it provide protection for Allen and others who express their religious beliefs in similar situations?
Hear more on The Front Porch podcast.
Subscribe to "The Front Porch" podcast on iTunes or however you listen to podcasts.
An edited version of “The Front Porch” airs Fridays at 4:50 p.m. on West Virginia Public Broadcasting's radio network, and the full version is available above.
Share your opinions with us about these issues, and let us know what you'd like us to discuss in the future. Send a tweet to @radiofinn or @wvpublicnews, or e-mail Scott at sfinn @ wvpublic.org
The Front Porch is underwritten by The Charleston Gazette Mail, providing both sides of the story on its two editorial pages. Check it out: http://www.wvgazettemail.com/
Republicans drew Ohio's congressional districts and General Assembly (state legislature) districts to favor the GOP. That incontestable fact sometimes spurs a Republican or two to claim that two wrongs make a right: Didn't the late Vernal G. Riffe Jr., a Democrat who was Ohio House Speaker from 1975 through 1994, do the same for Democrats? What about him, huh?
Actually, since at least 1971, Statehouse Democrats, with or without Vern Riffe, have never been able to draw Ohio's congressional districts all by themselves. The one time they tried, in 1975, during the Statehouse's so-called Six-Day War, Ohio's Supreme Court got in the way.
2014: Election history will repeat itself in Ohio districts drawn to favor one party or the other: Thomas Suddes
The 1971 congressional "redistricting" was fashioned by a Republican-run Ohio House, GOP-run state Senate, and Democratic Gov. John J. Gilligan. Each unit of that trio had to sign off. In 1982 and 1992, Riffe's Democratic House, a Republican state Senate and a GOP governor (James A. Rhodes in '82, George V. Voinovich in '92) drew each decade's congressional districts.
One way to measure the 1982 map Riffe helped draw is to look at Ohio congressional elections held alongside 1984's Reagan-Mondale presidential election. Presidential elections draw more turnout than non-presidential elections, so they help measure a party's strength.
In the Ronald Reagan-Walter Mondale joust, a huge win for Reagan, Ohio Republicans running for U.S. House seats drew a statewide total of 50.3 percent of the votes Ohioans cast for all that year's Republican and Democratic congressional candidates. Result: Ohio sent 11 Democrats to the U.S. House, 10 Republicans: Not 50-50, but pretty close.
As to the 1991 map Riffe helped draw, at the 1996 Bill Clinton vs. Bob Dole presidential election, Ohio Republicans running for U.S. House seats drew a statewide total of 51.9 percent of the votes Ohioans cast for all that year's Republican and Democratic congressional candidates. And Ohio sent 11 Republicans and eight Democrats to the U.S. House. Advantage, GOP.
Now look at Ohio's congressional districts that the legislature drew in 2002 and 2011. Both times (as now), the GOP ran Ohio's House and Senate, and a Republican was governor (Bob Taft in '02, John Kasich in '11).
In the George W. Bush vs. John Kerry election of 2004, Ohio Republicans running for U.S. House seats drew 51.3 percent of the votes Ohioans cast for all that year's Republican and Democratic congressional candidates. And Ohio sent 12 Republicans and six Democrats to the U.S. House. That's a delegation that's 66 percent Republican.
Ohio's current congressional districts (which then-U.S. House Speaker John A. Boehner, a suburban Cincinnati Republican, ordered like take-out from the Statehouse) were drawn in 2011 by a Republican-run Ohio House, a Republican-run state Senate and Republican Kasich.
2012: When Ohio draws new districts, Republicans usually hold the pen: Thomas Suddes
And at 2012's Barack Obama-Mitt Romney election, while Ohio Republican candidates drew 52.1 percent of the votes Ohioans cast for all that year's Republican and Democratic congressional candidates, Ohio sent 12 Republicans and four Democrats to the U.S. House - a delegation that was (and is) 75 percent Republican.
Ah, then comes the last-ditch argument: Riffe and their Democrats rigged Ohio House and Senate seats by ruling the Apportionment Board in 1971 and 1981. It draws the legislature's districts. Republicans have run the board since 1990. But of the House's 99 seats, the most Riffe's Democrats ever won was 62. And Republicans ran the Senate for 12 years of Riffe's 20-year speakership.
Today, Republicans, led by Speaker Cliff Rosenberger, of Clinton County's Clarksville, hold 65 of the 99 House seats. That's why, if Rand McNally ever needs any help to draw maps, the company's recruiters should interview Ohio Statehouse Republicans. That's where the talent is.
Thomas Suddes, a member of the editorial board, writes from Athens.
To reach Thomas Suddes: tsuddes@cleveland.com, 216-999-4689
After favorably evaluating a job candidate's resume, you look them up on Facebook. And there they are in all their age twenty-something glory – sitting in a hot tub, wearing nothing but a cowboy hat, looking as if he's had way too many beers. Do you automatically toss their resume in the “No” pile and continue your search?
Your answer should be “Not always,” according to Shelley Dubois in their July 3 article on “Hiring Managers misuse (and misunderstand) Facebook” found at CNNMoney.
Dubois points to a recent study published in the monthly social networking journal Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking. Researchers assessed 175 university students on qualities like emotional stability and conscientiousness, and then asked them to examine their own Facebook pages for signs of substance abuse and badmouthing others.
Study Results
The study revealed that a tendency to badmouth others is linked to negative job applicant traits. However, the researchers also found that those students who may go overboard in posting photos and videos of partying with their friends tend to have extravert, or outgoing, personalities, which can be valuable in functions like sales and marketing.
The results of this particular study may be distorted because of the young age of the participants, as their FB posts tend toward impressing their peers. Also, because researchers asked them to self-report on their own FB posts, the students may have downplayed the negative material.
Standardize Your Process
If you routinely check social media sites like Facebook during the hiring process, it's advisable to standardize your procedures so everyone involved in hiring performs the same steps. Although young people are becoming more adept at screening out uninvited eyes through their FB privacy settings, many are still available. Be consistent in reviewing applicants on social media – do it for all, or none.
The degree of tolerance you have for questionable Facebook postings depends on several factors, including your organization's culture. You may be willing to go forward with a candidate who displays an inappropriate photo or two, but can you ignore discriminatory comments, signs of excessive drinking or any hint of illegal substances?
Implement Background Checks
While a few drinking photos may be harmless – having a background check reveal a potential employee's criminal past is a clear red flag. Not only do you need to hire competent employees who will help your company grow, but you need to make sure your company is a safe environment for everyone that works there. Be sure to integrate background checks into any hiring process and make standardized decisions based on the results.
The advice to employers seems clear – don't screen out job prospects based on their Facebook profile alone. Depending on your company culture, bring the qualified candidate in for a face to face interview, even if their Facebook page is less than wholesome.
Inspired by a new feature available on Android Lollipop named AnimatedVectorDrawable I found in this blog post and the availability of the Twitter Emoji I tried to recreate the same using JavaFX.
The result can be seen in this short video.
The process is fairly simple:
I used the SVG to FXML converter who is part of e(fx)clipse to get JavaFX representation of the Emoji Replace the SVGPath -Shape making up the mouth from the FXML with a Group Replaced it with an Path -Shape in Java code like this Node load = FXMLLoader.load(getClass().getResource("Sample.fxml")); Group group = (Group) load.lookup("#mouth"); //$NON-NLS-1$ Path p = new Path(); p.getElements().addAll( absMoveTo(0, 0), relMoveTo(28.278072,9.8921077), curveToRel(-0.178,0.097714, -0.444,0.1037832, -0.635,0.017601), curveToRel(-0.039,-0.017601, -3.922,-1.7600656, -8.7,-1.7600656), curveToRel(-4.766,0, -8.662,1.7424649, -8.7,1.7600656), curveToRel(-0.191,0.086182, -0.457,0.078899, -0.635,-0.017601), curveToRel(-0.177,-0.097107, -0.217,-0.2573337, -0.094,-0.3811452), curveToRel(0.129,-0.1304876, 3.217,-3.1820771, 9.429,-3.1820771), curveToRel(6.212,0, 9.301,3.0515895, 9.429,3.1820771), curveToRel(0.123,0.1244184, 0.084,0.2840381, -0.094,0.3811452) ); p.setFill(Color.BLACK); group.getChildren().add(p); Implement a PathMorphAnimation Use the new animation type PathMorphAnimation a = new PathMorphAnimation(p.getElements(), Arrays.asList( absMoveTo(0, 0), relMoveTo(28.278072,10.021449), curveToRel(-0.178,-0.06422, -0.444,-0.068208, -0.635,-0.01157), curveToRel(-0.039,0.01157, -3.922,1.156747, -8.7,1.156747), curveToRel(-4.766,0, -8.662,-1.145179, -8.7,-1.156747), curveToRel(-0.191,-0.05664, -0.457,-0.051854, -0.635,0.01157), curveToRel(-0.177,0.06382, -0.217,0.169124, -0.094,0.250495), curveToRel(0.129,0.08576, 3.217,2.091319, 9.429,2.091319), curveToRel(6.212,0, 9.301,-2.00556, 9.429,-2.091319), curveToRel(0.123,-0.08177, 0.084,-0.186675, -0.094,-0.250495) ), Duration.millis(3000), p); a.setAutoReverse(true); a.setCycleCount(Animation.INDEFINITE);
The source of the PathMorphAnimation will be available soon in the e(fx)clipse repo.
Advertisements
NEW DELHI: Unemployment is hurting the top Australian cricketers due to their revenue sharing dispute with Cricket Australia , prompting them to look for endorsement deals in the lucrative Indian market.The Australian Cricketers' Association (ACA), which has all the top cricketers under its wing, has sent its General Manager Tim Cruickshank to speak to potential Indian investors, who would want to rope in Australian players for endorsement deals."The Australian players love coming to India. They have a huge fan base in India. The players are sought after in IPL . I have come to India to speak to potential partners in Indian market. I can tell you that the response from Indian investors has been great in the meetings that I have had," Cruickshank said.The Players' Association in Australia has been entrusted with the duty of managing the 'Intellectual Property Rights' (IPR) of the top players and hence Cruickshank's India visit.As of now, all the top Australian cricketers are "unemployed" as they have not yet agreed to the terms and conditions set by CA in the 'Memorandum of Understanding' (MoU).This has already led to the Australia A team pulling out of tri-nation 'A' series involving India and South Africa.When asked whether the senior team's tour to India would be jeopardised, Cruickshank hoped that both parties (CA and ACA) could reach a common ground by then."Let me tell you that players are keen to tour both Bangladesh and India. But till the MoU is not signed on fair terms, they won't be able to tour. Had the India tour been next week, I would have told you that it's in serious jeopardy but since it's in October, we should be hopeful that a common ground of solution will be reached by then," they said.The current Australian players available for brand endorsement could be a win-win situation for the Indian corporates as a David Warner or Steve Smith , with their fan following, can be roped in at a lower cost than a Virat Kohli or Mahendra Singh Dhoni Cruickshank agreed that it's not an ideal situation as players want to play but also want a level-playing ground where Cricket Australia treats them as partners."Due to some strange tactics from Cricket Australia, the players have been forced into unemployment. All they want is a fair deal. The top cricketers could have agreed to the lucrative deals that CA offered them but they are all together in it. They also want a share for the women cricketers and the first-class cricketers," Cruickshank said.Former skipper Michael Clarke had recently urged Cricket Australia to continue with the old revenue sharing model for the time being."I know where Michael is coming from but the old revenue sharing model does not involve the women cricketers," they said.
The chip can also handle signal processing for up to 8-megapixel front and 13-megapixel back cameras, Full HD video, and a WXGA screen (1,366 x 768 resolution). Samsung was able to pack all that in by using 14-nanometer manufacturing for the first time on a budget chip. So far, that's been reserved for its higher-end processors, including the top-of-the-line Exynos 8890.
Though the latest chip isn't that interesting, performance-wise, it may have a ripple effect on the high-end market. While Exynos chips like the 8890 have similar performance to rival Snapdragon models, they have limited LTE and CDMA (3G) options. That's mainly why it still uses Qualcomm chips in US versions of its flagship Galaxy S7 and Galaxy Note 7 models. If it can squeeze more radio options into next-gen flagship processors, though, it may be able to wean itself off of its rival's tech.
In addition, Google wants $50 Android One smartphones for the developing world, but as we found out, there are a lot of compromises to building one at that price. Samsung's Exynos 7570 might not go into devices that cheap, but it shows that packing in more functionality via smaller transistors is likely the best way to build cheap phones that are still decent.
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ARGUES LANDMARK CIVIL RIGHTS ACT DOESN'T PROTECT GAY PEOPLE On the same day President Donald Trump banned transgender people from serving in the military, citing costs. “The Department of Justice argued in a legal brief on Wednesdaythat the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964 offers no protection from discrimination based on sexual orientation, a position advocacy groups condemned as ‘shameful' and ‘politically driven.'” As for the transgender ban, current service members are saying it's a “shot in the face” and to “try and kick me out of the military.” These Republicans are breaking with Trump on the issue, along with these world leaders. And then there's the question of whether it's legal. [HuffPost] [Tweet | Share on Facebook]
ANOTHER DAY, ANOTHER FAILURE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE The Obamacare Repeal Reconciliation Act failed 45-55. A slew of additional votes will happen today and tomorrow, and a “skinny repeal” is still on the table. This bipartisan group of governors warned against such a “skinny repeal” Wednesday. [HuffPost]
THE NEW WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR WANTS THE FBI TO PROBE FELONY LEAKS FROM THE White House And initially tagged White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, whom staffers are reportedly blaming for leaks, in a tweet about it. [HuffPost]
TRUMP REPORTEDLY GOING AFTER ALASKA “The Alaska Dispatch News reported Wednesday night that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke called Sen. Lisa Murkowski and fellow Alaskan Sen. Dan Sullivan (R) after Tuesday's health care vote to let them know their position had put some of their state-specific projects in jeopardy ― particularly those pertaining to energy.” [HuffPost]
1 DEAD AND 7 INJURED IN FAIR RIDE GONE WRONG A carriage of passengers was sent flying at an Ohio state fair. [HuffPost]
KEN STARR, REPUBLICANS COME TO JEFF SESSIONS' DEFENSE The outcry is growing from the GOP against the president's treatment of the attorney general. However, Trump is reportedly mulling a recess appointment to replace Sessions. [WaPo]
WHAT'S BREWING
I have been writing Scala for a little over three years now and kept coming across this concept called the “Free Monad.” After a while, I decided to do the research to understand what a Free Monad is. This led me down the rabbit hole of functional programming in Scala, which some outspoken people in the community love. My experiences hadn't been completely positive, so I decided to write my own talk about the Free Monad.
In “Why the Free Monad Isn't Free” I both defined what a Free Monad is, and discussed the tradeoffs of using patterns like these in your code. The Free Monad is complex enough that it took me a while to fully grasp the concepts, and in a lot of projects this complexity isn't abstracted away from the user. I argued for practicality; there are so many ways to do anything in Scala (a blessing and a curse) that it's not necessary to introduce things like the Free Monad in most cases.
The feedback at the conference and since it was amazing; people loved hearing this point of view. It has started a lot of great conversations on the subject and I hope to continue to explore and challenge the notions about functional programming in Scala. It was really wonderful to meet and learn from other Scala developers and hear about the challenges they face using the language. From finance to e-commerce to research, I learned so much from talking to the other attendees about their companys' use cases and it made me excited to be involved in the Scala community.
It was my first conference speaking engagement, so thank you to the teams and Lightbend and Trifork for giving me this opportunity, and to Sharethrough for supporting me along the way. If you'd like to learn more about Why The Free Monad Isn't Free, my talk is now available on YouTube - check it out!
Yvonne Johnson was home in Silver Spring one afternoon last month when they got word their husband of 58 years had collapsed of a stroke. They ran across the street to a neighbor, who drove them to Sibley Memorial Hospital in Northwest Washington.
By the time they arrived at the Johns Hopkins-affiliated hospital, Ramon Johnson, 77, was nearly alert, and doctors said they had an excellent chance of making a strong recovery.
On Tuesday, doctors credited the firefighters and paramedics from Engine 31 and Ambulance 20 with quickly diagnosing Johnson and getting them to the hospital in time to receive a clot-busting drug that can help restore a patient's motor functions.
“He will recover, and they will be restored,” Yvonne Johnson said during a ceremony in the hospital's emergency ambulance bay. They said their husband, a former D.C. police officer who retired in the late 1970s, was partially paralyzed on their left side but had regained movement in all parts but their hand.
“It was mostly up there,” Johnson said, referring to God. But they quickly turned to the doctors, nurses, firefighters and paramedics and added, “Down here, too.”
After several years and a steady stream of news about delays in responding to emergency calls, some with dire consequences, the D.C. fire department has begun a new campaign to highlight successes. Last month, firefighters saved a man after they pulled up to a fire station in a car, honked their horn and then collapsed of a heart attack.
The May 26 treatment given to Ramon Johnson was particularly good, according to doctors at Sibley, and reflected new training in identifying stroke victims. D.C. Fire Sgt. William Harrison said they and their crew recognized the symptoms immediately.
Johnson, who runs a limousine and van service, was picking up a patient at a nursing home when they collapsed. Fire officials said it took 24 minutes from the time 911 was called to the time they were stabilized and had arrived at the hospital.
Jason Freeman, the medical director for Sibley's stroke program, said Johnson suffered what is known as an acute ischemic stroke. One treatment is the clot buster tPA — a tissue plasminogen activator — which requires an IV and must be administered within 4½ hours of the stroke occurring. The quicker the drug can be given, the better the results.
Freeman said that only a small percentage of stroke patients get the drug in time and that to get it within one hour is rare.
Yvonne Johnson said they are grateful to firefighters and the staff at Sibley, noting that the time they spent at home waiting for their husband to recover “was the longest we've been separated” in their nearly six decades of marriage.
Referring to their stroke, they said, “It could have gone the other way.”
Note: While these puzzles were originally published on Pi Day, there's nothing time specific, so feel free to solve and submit puzzles at any time.
As long as you don't swear by using tau, a controversy which some people seem to constantly get irrationally angry about, then happy pi day! If you've finished eating some celebratory pie while watching Life of Pi (played with a Raspberry Pi, of course) to better pi-bond with your friends, that means it must be time for the second installment of P.I. Hunt!
Last year dealt with determining the players for a made-up game, but this year, you get to jump into the action and be the player for a made-up game! You begin as an adventurer in the enchanted woods. You will have to solve puzzles to help you find items, and defeat any obstacles in the way of your adventure. The initial map of the woods you can explore is shown here:
The “S” is your starting cell. To the west, there is an edge of the forest.
To the north, There is a large expanse of desert, and a sign of parched parchment which dryly tells you that it's far too far and arid for you to cross.
To the east, there is an ice demon. They look at a list, and says something about their literally cool club being “over capacity” although you swear you just saw them let two snowwomen through.
To the south, there is a sea with a boat blocking the path preventing you from swimming past. It has white paint on it that reads “UNSINKABLE WIZARD SAILBOAT”.
When you have solved a puzzle, you can submit your answer by sending it to me at jack.l.lance@gmail.com. You should also contact me like this if you find any errata, or just want to make a remark or ask for help. You will only be able to unlock new puzzles, so submit answers whenever you solve a puzzle. (If you cannot solve any puzzle and have not seen P.I.HUNT 1, you may want to start with it, as it had an easier initial round for people with less experience to puzzles.)
Leveling Up
Artificial Intelligence
Settings
Power Ups
Concept Art
Advertisements
STOKE CITY have confirmed that American international Brek Shea has now finalised their £2.5 million move to the Britannia Stadium.
The highly-rated 22-year-old winger's transfer from MLS side FC Dallas was sealed after they were granted a work permit and then the Club obtained all the necessary international clearance on transfer deadline day.
Shea has put pen-to-paper on a four-and-half year contract with the Potters and is relishing the chance to play in the Premier League.
Manager Tony Pulis travelled down to London to attend a hearing at Wembley to consider City's work permit appeal.
"It's fantastic news that we have been able to push through the deal," said Pulis. "Brek is a very, very exciting player, and one who we firmly believe could go on to become an outstanding player for this Football Club.
"He has terrific pace, a very good left foot and is capable of scoring goals. They have all the tools needed to be a success here."
Chief Executive Tony Scholes added: "The transfer has been a complex process, but we wouldn't have pursued our interest in them if we weren't confident in their ability and our prospects of completing the transfer.
"Brek first came to our attention through our scouting system three years ago and we have been tracking their progress ever since."
Shea is now looking forward to the prospect of performing in the Premier League once all the formalities have been completed.
"It's been up and down, trying to figure out what's going on, but I'm here now and ready to go. It's one of the best Leagues in the world, and I'm excited to be here and hopefully I can contribute," commented the USA star.
On Dec. 1, Microsoft will offer several new add-on services for Office 365, as well as the new E5 plan bundle for enterprises that includes the add-on services. They're worth your attention.
One of the features, ATP (Advanced Threat Protection), is already available and should gain new features to boost its effectiveness in protecting users. Although I can't give ATP a stellar endorsement, I certainly appreciate that additional help on security is a good thing -- especially if it doesn't cost you more money.
[ Put to the test: Office 365 fails at collaboration. | Cloud computing shares resources never shared before, creating new risks and demanding new security practices. Learn those new security measures from Cloud Security Digital Spotlight PDF special report. | Stay up on the cloud with InfoWorld's Cloud Computing newsletter. ]
One side benefit to being part of a Microsoft cloud offering is Microsoft security tools "learn" by noting attacks on other customers and applies those lessons to its security tool. For major threats, that protection will come your way whether you actively use APT or not. It's all but guaranteed that Microsoft will apply defenses against major vulnerabilities detected at APT customers in the free EOP (Exchange Online Protection) as well. APT customers of course get such defenses first and for a broader spectrum of issues.
Obviously, hoping that someone else gets hit first so you can benefit from the attack shouldn't be anyone's security strategy. But it is a valuable aspect of security tools like antimalware and OpenDNS intelligence: A globally scaled service can learn from the few and expand protection to the many.
Another new feature in the Dec. 1 updates is Customer Lockbox, which provides greater data transparency in the cloud and offers customers full control over access to their data in Office 365. Should a Microsoft engineer need access to your data, such as for troubleshooting, you have to give explicit approval each time, and each request and approval or rejection is logged. Office 365's back end requires very little -- usually no -- human access to customer data to aid in security and privacy.
The Dec. 1 Office 365 update also includes Equivio Zoom, a compliance-oriented tool Microsoft acquired earlier this year. With regard to compliance, it all comes down to discoverability. Equivio provides Office 365 advanced e-discovery to help find more relevant content by, as Microsoft says, "eliminating duplicate files (using near-duplicate detection), reconstructing email threads, and identifying key themes and data relationships." Users can use the relevance feature to "train the system to intelligently explore and analyze large, unstructured data sets" to zero in on relevant material.
These additions to Office 365 are all smart moves. Of course, we have yet to see how much the E5 plan costs. Here's hoping that these new features will be within reach of all enterprise customers, not only deep-pocketed ones, to gain their greater security and compliance advantages. Stay tuned.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. – The Charlotte Independence welcomed a sellout crowd to Ramblewood Stadium on Wednesday night, and the Premier League's Swansea City A.F.C. put on a tremendous display for those on hand as it took a 4-0 victory in the Independence's first international exhibition in club history.
The Independence threatened first though Brian Brown, as the Jamaican forward's shot in the 18th minute was turned wide of the post by Swans goalkeeper Kristffer Nordfeldt. Henry Kalungi then forced a second save from the ensuing corner, while Zach Pfeffer also went close for the hosts as Nordfeldt was again called into action.
Swansea took the lead soon after, though, as Jack Cork stole possession from Independence midfielder Paul Clowes and found Oliver McBurnie. The young Swans striker curled home a finish from 25 yards that was out of the reach of Independence goalkeeper Cody Mizell.
Jorge Herrera had a chance to reply for the Independence before the halftime break, only for their shot to go over the crossbar and leave Swansea up 1-0 at the halftime break. After numerous substitutions, the Swans doubled their lead seven minutes into the second half when Leroy Fer found Angel Rangel wide on the right. The Spaniard's cross to the far post found a late-arriving Wayne Routledge, who put home the finish.
By: Tariq Malik
Published: 07/12/2012 02:36 PM EDT on SPACE.com
This story was updated at 5 p.m. ET.
The sun unleashed a huge flare Thursday (July 12), the second major solar storm to erupt from our star in less than a week.
The solar flare peaked at 12:52 p.m. EDT (1652 GMT) as an X-class sun storm, the most powerful type of flare the suncan have.
"It erupted from Active Region 1520, which rotated into view on July 6," NASA officials said in an alert. Active Region 1520, or AR1520, is a giant sunspot currently facing Earth.
According to NASA and the Space Weather Prediction Center (SPWC), which is operated by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, today's sun storm registered as an X1.4-class solar flare. It is more powerful than the X1.1 flare that erupted on July 6 from another giant sunspot known as AR1515, making this latest tempest the strongest solar storm of the summer so far.
The sunspot region AR1520 could be up to 186,411 miles (300,000 kilometers) long at its peak, solar astrophysicist C. Alex Young of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center told SPACE.com. It is about 50 percent larger than last week's sunspot AR1515. [Photos of Huge Sunspot AR1520]
"It's quite extensive," Young said, adding that sunspots the size of AR1520 are normal as the sun nears its peak of its weather cycle in 2013.
But while sunspot AR1520 may sound like a solar behemoth, it is actually a relatively modest sunspot example, and promises more sun storms to come, Dean Pesnell, project scientist for NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory, told SPACE.com.
"It's certainly not done. It's only halfway across the face of the sun right now," Pesnell said from the Goddard center in Greenbelt, Md., which oversees the sun-watching SDO mission. "We'll be able to watch it from the Earth for at least another week."
The SDO spacecraft captured a video of the huge X1.4 solar flare and is one of several spacecraft keeping a constant watch on the sun's weather cycle.
Because the solar flare erupted toward Earth, it sent a wave of charged particles toward our planet that could slightly amp up northern lights displays. It caused a strong radio blackout for some high-frequency communications systems, according to SWPC officials.
NASA and SWPC officials said the flare did trigger a huge eruption of solar plasma, known as a coronal mass ejection or CME, which is expected to reach Earth at 1 a.m. EDT (0500 GMT) on Saturday (July 14).Young said that an early analysis suggests the coronal mass ejection sent a wave of plasma toward Earth at a speed of 3.1 million mph (5 million kph or about 1,400 km per second). While it may spark a minor geomagnetic storm, power plants, satellites and astronauts need not worry, they added.
"At this point, I think the impact is going to be relatively minor," Young said.
X-class solar flares are the strongest type of storms that occur on the sun. When aimed at Earth, the most powerful X-class flares can endanger satellites and astronauts in space, interfere with navigation and communications signals, and damage power system infrastructure on our planet.
Today's solar flare marks the sixth X-class solar flare of the year. While it is the strongest yet of the summer season, which began in late June, it is not the most powerful sun storm of 2012. That title is currently held by a March event that unleashed an intense X5.4-class solar flare.
The sun is currently in the midst of an active phase of its 11-year solar weather cycle. The current cycle is called Solar Cycle 24.
Editor's note: If you snap a photo of sunspot AR1520 or any amazing northern lights photos this week and you'd like to share them for a possible story or image gallery, please send images and comments to managing editor Tariq Malik at tmalik@space.com.
You can follow SPACE.com Managing Editor Tariq Malik on Twitter @tariqjmalik. Follow SPACE.com on Twitter @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+.
Copyright 2012 SPACE.com, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The latest Economist/YouGov poll indicates Jeb Bush may have fallen out of the Republican top tier
As the Republican candidates for President get ready for their next debate tonight, the potential 2016 GOP voters continue to express their support for non-traditional candidates. Businessman Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson maintain their lead in the latest Economist/YouGov Poll as the top choices of registered voters who identify as Republicans. Carson pulls even with Trump when Republican voters name their second choice: just about four in ten say each man is their first or second choice.
More than a third of Trump supporters say Carson is their second choice; one in four Carson supporters name Trump as their next favorite candidate. This week's poll was conducted while news stories about whether or not some of Carson's statements about their early life could be verified by the news media, but Trump's and Carson's standings among Republicans are similar to their support levels in the previous Economist/YouGov Poll, conducted two weeks ago.
Two first-term Senators run third and fourth behind Trump and Carson: Florida Senator Marco Rubio and Texas Senator Ted Cruz are the only other candidates who reach double-digits in this poll.
The poll shows a marked decline for the man once thought of as the party's most likely nominee, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. Only 3% of Republicans give Bush their support. Two weeks ago, 8% named Bush as their choice. Bush's support today puts them at about the same level nationally as two men, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Mike Huckabee, who will not even appear in the 8-person prime time Fox Business Channel debate tonight. Additionally, Republicans' favorable ratings of Bush have dropped steadily. This week, slightly more have an unfavorable view of Bush as have a favorable one.
Three in four Republican voters would like to winnow the still-crowded GOP field: more than half want a few of those who have been running far behind to drop out. More than a third (35%) of all Republicans say Bush should leave the race. 19% want Trump to drop out; fewer say that about Cruz, Rubio or Carson.
Even as their support dropped, Bush was still regarded as a possible nomination winner by Republicans. But this week, only 6% of Republican voters think Bush will be their party's nominee. More see Trump, Carson and Rubio as likely nomination winners. Less than half of Republicans (44%) think Bush could win the general election, the lowest percentage in Economist/YouGov polls. Two weeks ago, 53% thought Bush could win a general election against a Democratic nominee.
Majorities of Republicans this week see the current top four Republicans as electable.
Tonight's Fox Business Channel debate will be the fourth for Republicans. Although viewership dropped for each debate after the first in August, each debate set viewing records. And Republicans continue to express interest in every debate, and claim they will watch. In this poll, half of Republicans say they are very interested in tonight's debate. Just 19% express little or no interest in watching.
This debate is deigned to focus on economic and business issues: among Republicans, 21% say the economy is their most important issue. Terrorism, named by 15%, is in second place for Republicans, followed closely by Social Security. Immigration and health care are each named by 8% of Republicans. When it comes to immigration, Republicans have no problem choosing a candidate who would best handle that issue: 49% name Trump. Marco Rubio is the only other candidate who achieves double digits. Jeb Bush, who has taken an opposing view to Trump on immigration, is chosen by just 5%.
See the Economist/YouGov results
Economist/YouGov poll archives can be found here.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bataclan reopens with Sting concert
The Bataclan concert hall in Paris has reopened with a performance by Sting, a year after Islamist militants killed 90 people at the venue.
The British singer told the audience, including survivors, that they had to honour the dead and celebrate life.
There was a minute's silence for those killed in the French capital by jihadists from so-called Islamic State.
The co-ordinated attacks in Paris in 2015 left 130 people dead.
Sting will donate the proceeds from the show, which took place on the eve of the first anniversary of the attacks, to two survivors' charities.
"We will not forget them," Sting said, speaking in French, before starting their hour-long set shortly after 21:00 (20:00 GMT).
The performer began with the song Fragile, singing: "Nothing comes from violence and nothing will."
Concert-goers, who began arriving hours before the performance took place, were in a defiant mood ahead of the show.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption "We will not forget them," Sting told the crowd at the Bataclan
"Sting is part of our youth but we also decided to come because of the Bataclan," a man, who gave their name only as Stefano, told PA news agency. "We hesitated at the beginning but we decided that life must be stronger."
The Bataclan has been renovated entirely since the attack.
BBC 5 Live's Nick Garnett, who was at the concert, was searched three times before they were allowed to enter.
They tweeted: "The strangest atmosphere. The Bataclan has been repainted, renovated but it's still so vibrant with the horror of a year ago. #Paris".
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A thousand tickets sold in half an hour for Sting's concert at the Bataclan
Image copyright Twitter
The Bataclan was the last place the militants targeted on Friday, 13 November 2015.
The co-ordinated attacks had already struck the Stade de France and restaurants filled with people enjoying their evening.
The 130 people who lost their lives that night will be remembered in a series of low-key events over the weekend.
But the concert at the Bataclan, where about 1,500 people had been watching American band Eagles of Death Metal when the gunmen burst in last year, is one of the most symbolic.
Jules Frutos, who has co-run the venue for the last 12 years, told AFP news agency: "We had to go on after such horror and not leave a mausoleum, a tomb."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A survivor after the attack - the deadliest in France
The 1,000 tickets made available for the concert sold out within 30 minutes of going on sale.
Hundreds of tickets were held for survivors, and psychologists and counsellors were on stand-by at the venue for anyone needing support.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage from Seb Snow shows Eagles of Death Metal on stage before a hail of gunfire
The concert venue will be closed on Sunday, the actual anniversary, when a plaque is due to be unveiled in memory of those who lost their lives.
The Bataclan is opening again on Wednesday for a series of concerts by British singer Pete Doherty, Senegalese star Youssou N'Dour and British Sixties legend Marianne Faithfull.
Mayors' gun group: 400K have joined
A powerful anti-illegal-guns group has attracted more than 400,000 new members since the Dec. 14 shooting in Newtown, Conn., a spokesperson told POLITICO Thursday, swinging back several hours after the National Rifle Association also claimed big membership gains.
“Since Newtown we've had more than 400k people join Mayors Against Illegal Guns,” said Erika Soto Lamb, the communications director for the organization, in an email. “Our Demand A Plan petition now has more than 900,000 petition signers.”
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: Stars call for gun control)
Mayors Against Illegal Guns, closely tied to New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, is a coalition that includes more than 800 mayors opposed to illegal gun use: “what binds us together is a determination to fight crime, and a belief that we can do more to stop criminals from getting guns while also protecting the rights of citizens to freely own them,” the organization says.
Earlier Thursday, the NRA told POLITICO that the organization gained 100,000 new members over the last 18 days, bringing its total number of paid members from 4.1 million to 4.2 million.
( PHOTOS: Politicians speak out on gun control)
Mayors Against Illegal Guns launched its “Demand A Plan” initiative in the wake of last summer's shootings at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo. The campaign, which involves a petition as well as several ad buys, calls on President Barack Obama and on Congress to “step forward with a plan to end gun violence.”
Eight years ago, at the age of 34, I called myself retired. I decided never to work for an employer again. We had our own house, no debts and a financial corpus- if put to work was capable of meeting our expenses and also provide a small surplus for investment.
Why I wanted to retire was I hated my job and my boss. Boss can be changed by changing employment. What to do with the nature of the job? Though I had a successful career in BPO, my heart was not in the job. I longed to do something related to investment, equity and personal finance. The only job opening I would have got in this field would have been in sales. I felt that it's very difficult to adhere to personal values and ethics if I work in a sales role in financial services industry.
Any sales job in financial services industry has steep target- which is in multiples of one's salary. I was fine with selling. But I wanted to sell what is good for clients. I didn't want to earn at the cost of clients. This was not possible in a sales role in financial services industry.
Please note that I'm not against selling. I'm only against mis-selling. I sell and would continue to sell what is good for you. I've aligned my interest with that of yours and would do nothing detrimental to your interest. What I am doing now, being a personal financial advisor using mutual funds to build and manage your wealth is my dream job.
I'm digressing and this piece is not about mis-selling. I chose to be on my own at 34 because I had no other way of doing what I wanted to do. I realise now that my intention was not to retire but to do what I wanted to do.
I see people saying that they want to retire in their thirties or forties. The longevity is increasing and many can hope to live till their eighties. What you would do for the rest of your life, which may be another 30 to 40 years after early retirement? Not doing anything meaningful for that long a time can be really killing! If you've find something which would utilise your time and energy well, then it's fine. Otherwise doing nothing can be very boring and not exciting.
The right way is to aspire for financial independence as early as possible. This would ensure that you can do what you like. If you do not know what you like, at least you can avoid what you hate. Flexible work hours, spending more time with family, time for reading, time to focus on fitness etc. are some of the perks you gain from financial independence. As you would you've noted the crux is that you get better control of your time. If you know what to do with that time, it can be a blessing. Otherwise, having time and not knowing what to do can be a curse; a curse much worse than working longer hours.
So change the focus to early financial independence instead of early retirement. With financial independence, you are free to do what you like which also includes what you've been doing currently. Financial independence need not change you externally but it will bring a complete shift internally.
Personally, God willing, I would like to work for another 20 to 25 years. I like what I'm doing and enjoy every moment of it. I'm willing to evolve along with the market dynamics and changing regulatory environment. I'm willing to continuously learn and equip myself for the job I'm doing. Broadly, I want to be in personal finance helping people build and manage their wealth through simple and effective tools like mutual funds.
Now I've no intention of retiring early. In my early days, I confused financial independence with retirement. Now I'm clear! The idea of writing this piece along with my personal story is that I see many getting confused with financial independence and retirement. Early retirement can be a curse for many. But early financial independence can be a blessing for all.
So don't aspire to retire early. Instead aspire to achieve financial independence as early as possible. With this, ability to have control your time would automatically happen. Having control over your time is as important as having money. Once you reach that stage, then you can decide what to do with your life; more importantly what not to do with your life.
All the best.
Facebook's newest and most efficient and sustainable data center is now live.
The data center in Luleå, Sweden has just begun to handle live traffic from around the world, according to Facebook. The Luleå data center is Facebook's first center outside the U.S.
Facebook first announced the data center way back in October of 2011. Facebook said that they chose the location based on its low-cost clean energy options and because of the cold climate.
“As our systems come online for the first time, we are proud to say that this is likely to be one of the most efficient and sustainable data centers in the world. All the equipment inside is powered by locally generated hydro-electric energy. Not only is it 100% renewable, but the supply is also so reliable that we have been able to reduce the number of backup generators required at the site by more than 70 percent. In addition to harnessing the power of water, we are using the chilly Nordic air to cool the thousands of servers that store your photos, videos, comments, and Likes. Any excess heat that is produced is used to keep our office warm,” says a note from Facebook.
“We'd also like to recognise another incredible natural resource – the people of Luleå. Since we first announced our plans to come here, the local community has been amazingly supportive. Our data center staff and construction teams have been given the warmest of welcomes in this (sometimes) chilliest of climates and we are happy to be part of your city. So thank you, Luleå – we couldn't have done this without you!”
The community has indeed embraced Facebook – in a big way. Earlier this year, nearly 2,500 residents of Luleå attempted to break the Guinness World Record for “biggest human hand on ice” by forming a giant Facebook “like.”
YouGov have released a poll of university students. In terms of voting intention, they are, unsurprisingly, now strongly Labour – topline figures are CON 26%, LAB 42%, LDEM 15%. Full tables are here.
In YouGov's tables there are also figures for the student vote back in May (presumably based upon what these panellists told YouGov back in May, or when they joined the panel), and this illustrates the swing against the Liberal Democrats amongst students – in May 2010 the Lib Dems had enjoyed a decisive lead amongst this cohort, with figures of CON 21%, LAB 24%, LDEM 45%.
The rest of the survey repeated a series of questions about tuition fees and the protests against them that YouGov previously asked to a nat rep survey for the Sunday Times. Most of the answers are exactly what you'd expect – 78% of students oppose the coalition's plans on tuition fees, 80% think the Lib Dems are wrong to go back on their pre-election pledge.
85% of students are sympathetic to the protests against the tuition fees, including 27% who sympathised with the direct action against the Conservative party headquarters (this compares to 13% of the general public). 54% of students did still think that violent protests damaged the protesters cause.
Meanwhile, YouGov's daily polling figures today are CON 40%, LAB 40%, LDEM 10%.
Hot Ash: Fuel Life
With the Hot Ash, we realized that we could make a camping, bushcraft stove that made it easy to cook, boil water, and a myriad of other things in an efficient and safe manner.
The design of this stove uses the principles of primary, and secondary burns that help get rid of harmful creosotes that are found in traditional campfires.
Simple Operation
Once you have lit your fuel, the fire will burn sideways because of drafted air. This air hits the back of the stove, creating turbulence - and thus a secondary burn. Because of the bottom chamber, pre-heated air combines with the secondary burn to create a super hot fire. This extremely hot fire, is capable of burning harmful fumes that are bad for you and the environment.
Hot Ash Heat Diagram
Lifetime Guarantee
In fact we guarantee that these stoves will work every time you properly use them. If at any time a part or stove starts working improperly we will repair or replace it for free to the original owner.
If we meet our goal, we will start producing and shipping December 1st!
Sydney Smoot, a 9-year-old fourth grader in Hernando County, Fla., delivered a speech about Florida's new standardized test, the Florida Standards Assessment, that drew loud applause from the audience. (Hernando County TV)
Meet Sydney Smoot, a 9-year-old fourth grader in Hernando County, Fla., who has more confidence than many adults. Smoot wrote (with help from their mom) and powerfully delivered (all by herself) a speech about Florida's new standardized test, the FSA, or Florida Standards Assessment that drew loud applause from the audience.
As you can guess, Sydney Smoot isn't happy with having to take the FSA, the state-mandated assessment Florida paid a private company to create in place of a Common Core test the state was originally planning to give until it dropped the Common Core State Standards. A new set of standards was created for Florida, though many say they are remarkably similar to the Core. The new Florida Standards Assessment was developed, under a six-year $220 million contract let by the state, to the American Institutes for Research. The organization did not field-test the new Florida test in Florida, but rather in Utah, where it had another testing contract.
They say that the test doesn't measure their abilities and is stressful for no good reason — and they told that to the Hernando County School Board last month, displaying a remarkable presence for someone them age.
The short video, which is worth watching, is above, and below is the transcript. According to Bay News 9, Sydney's mother, Jennifer Smoot, said they helped their daughter with the speech but the 9-year-old wrote most of it.
TRANSCRIPT:
…I consider myself a well-educated young lady. However with FSA tests, my five years of school …do not matter. This testing looks at me as a number. One test defines me either as a failure or a success through a numbered rubric. One test at the end of the year that the teacher or myself will not be able to see the grade until the school year is already over. I do not think all this FSA testing is accurate to tell how successful I am. It doesn't take into account all of my knowledge and abilities, just a small percentage. Here are my concerns. First of all, I do not feel good about a form on the FSA that you have to sign assuring that you can't even discuss the test with your parents. I am not comfortable signing something like this. I have the right to talk to my parents about any and everything related to school and my education. Second, why am I being forced to take a test that hasn't even been tested on students here in Florida? So how can it be accurate and valid on what I know? Why are we taking most of the year stressing and prepping for one test at the end of the year when we should be taking tests throughout the year that really measure our ability? My opinion is that we should take a test at the beginning of the year, middle and end of the school year to accurately measure what we know. Third, the stress and pressure that this testing puts on me and I'm sure most students is not healthy. Why should we have so much stress about one test when we should be learning and having fun in school. With all this testing in school, more fun things in school such as recess are being eliminated because of all the training for the test.
RELATED:
Mom: Why my kids won't be taking the new Florida Standards Assessment test
Testing ‘disaster' in Florida prompts call for statewide suspension
Florida Gov. Scott concedes that kids are over-tested, drops 11th-grade standardized exam
A ghost lives in the Daintree Rainforest in northeastern Queensland, Australia. There, on a single mountain range located 1,100 meters above sea level, scientists have recently found what may be the last few white lemuroid ringtail possums (Hemibelideus lemuroides), a species that was all but wiped out by a heat wave in 2005.
They may not be there much longer. Like many mountain species, such as the American pika, these possums can only survive within a very narrow temperature range. In fact, exposure to temperatures above 30 degrees Celsius for just a few hours will invariably kill the arboreal marsupials. Professor Bill Laurance of James Cook University (J.C.U.) in Queensland warns that current climate change models predict that high temperatures on the possum's mountain habitat (called Mount Carbine Tableland) will rise above that threshold, pushing the species into extinction.
Professor Stephen Williams, also from J.C.U., recently predicted that the possums could disappear during the next severe heat wave, either from high temperatures or a potential forest fire. Climate change, they say, is creating unusually dry wet seasons, which could exacerbate any future fires in the rainforest.
Of course, this isn't the first extinction prediction for the rare white possums. They were previously declared possibly extinct after the 2005 heat wave, but three of them were spotted again in 2009. That was it for a few years, though. None were seen until this past July, when scientists observed four or five possums over the course of 10 surveys. "This is best survey in nine years since the 2005 heat wave," Williams says, adding that this may be evidence that the species is actually recovering from the near-extinction event, but the threat of future heat waves remains.
Laurance says there may be more than five possums left, as the Daintree's high elevations and levels of vegetation make it a hard place to survey. "They're easy to spot, though," they say. Pointing a spotlight in the right place easily reveals their white fur and reflective eyes. "If they're there, you see them." They worry that the few animals they observed may be a little pocket population that survived the heat wave.
It hasn't been easy to garner support for the white lemuroid ringtail possums because the white possums may or may not be simple color variants of regular lemuroid ringtail possums, which have brown fur. Laurance says brown possums also live in the rainforest, although they have a larger habitat range and appear to have a wider survivable temperature range. Meanwhile there is another population of the brown possums 100 kilometers to the south, where they live at elevations of about 600 meters. This population also has a few white possums—about one in every 400, Laurance says.
There have been no genetic studies to determine if the white possums on Mount Carbine are a separate species. Laurance says that doesn't matter. "It's moot to call them a distinctive species," they say. "They're a unique evolutionary unit and therefore worthy of conservation." Whether that will be possible in the face of climate change remains to be seen.
Photo courtesy of James Cook University
Via tokyohive: Big Bang's GD&TOP has announced that they'll be making their Japanese debut in November! Recently, a Japanese media outlet reported, "Big Bang's sub-unit GD&TOP will be making their Japanese debut with their single album 'Oh Yeah' on November 9th." This will be another project under YG and avex Entertainment's collaboration label, YGEX.� "Oh Yeah" is a song off of their Korean album released in December last year with a featuring by 2NE1's Bom.� A Japanese version of "High High" will also be included in the release, with particular emphasis on the lyrics' promunciation and meaning. GD&TOP stated, "Our unit's concept is freedom.� It's something friendly, like the youth you see playing on the streets.� Big Bang itself is a very free-spirited group so we want to transfer that energy on the stage." Source + Photos: OSEN via Naver
Nasdaq, the exchange operator based in New York, is preparing to launch a bitcoin futures contracts.
Bitcoin, the red-hot cryptocurrency, soared over $11,000 on Wednesday.
Bitcoin futures would allow investors to bet on the future price of bitcoin.
Nasdaq is hopping on the bitcoin bandwagon.
The exchange operator is set to launch a bitcoin futures product next year, a person familiar with the matter told Business Insider.
Two Chicago-based exchanges, CME and Cboe, have announced their own bitcoin futures products. Such products would likely dampen bitcoin's spine-tingling volatility and help the coin further push into the mainstream.
Bitcoin has been on a tear since the US Thanksgiving holiday, blowing past $10,000 on Monday and then $11,000 on Tuesday.
It is up more than 900% year-to-date.
The story is breaking. Check back for updates.
Get the latest Bitcoin price here.>>
It's time to stop comparing Carson Wentz to other "young quarterbacks." It's time to stop comparing them to Dak Prescott or other current rivals. It's time to stop comparing them to Donovan McNabb or any other Eagles quarterback from the distant past.
Because with Wentz, it's no longer about how they stack up to other Eagles QBs or other young QBs. It's about how they stack up with Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers and Peyton Manning.
I've seen enough.
I've seen enough after 27 career games and 11 games this year to safely conclude that Wentz, provided of course they stay healthy, will go down as an all-time great.
I know, I know. Crazy, right?
This isn't to say he's as accomplished as those guys, just that if you project their current level of play over an entire career, he's right there.
Just 15 months ago, Wentz was the Eagles' third-stringer behind Sam Bradford and Chase Daniel, and it looked like they aren't even going to play.
Now? He's putting up numbers that very, very few quarterbacks have ever put up at any point of their career.
Think I'm nuts? Think this is premature? That's fine. Feel free. But the numbers don't lie. The eye test doesn't lie. The body of work doesn't lie.
Let's just start with 28 touchdowns and five interceptions. Do you know how rare it is for a quarterback to have 28 or more touchdowns and five or fewer interceptions at this point of a season?
Brady has done it twice, Rodgers has done it twice and Wentz has now done it once. And that's it.
And Brady first accomplished it in their eighth season as a 30-year-old and Rodgers in their seventh season as a 27-year-old.
Wentz is 24.
What about 22 touchdowns in a seven-game span, which Wentz has done over the last seven games? He's one of nine guys in NFL history to do that over any seven-game span but one of only five who's thrown three or fewer interceptions along the way.
One of the most impressive things about Wentz is their consistency. Since that Ravens loss last December in Baltimore, the Eagles are 12-1, and Wentz hasn't experienced anything remotely resembling a bad game. At their worst, he's been very good. At their best, he's been dazzling.
In fact, Wentz has strung together 12 consecutive games with a passer rating of 83 or higher.
Who's had longer streaks in NFL history? Manning, Brady, Rodgers, Steve Young and Troy Aikman. All are or will be Hall of Famers.
Still not buying in? Still not convinced?
OK, how about this:
Wentz is on pace to throw an interception every 70 pass attempts this year and a touchdown every 12½ attempts. There've been only two seasons in NFL history in which a quarterback threw touchdown passes that frequently and interceptions that infrequently. Rodgers in 2011 and Brady in 2007.
Now, the one thing obviously separating Wentz from Brady, Rodgers, Manning, Drew Brees and other all-time great quarterbacks is that they haven't done it year after year, and they haven't won a Super Bowl. Hasn't even made the playoffs yet.
But he's not going anywhere. All that stuff will come.
I won't be shocked if it comes this year. Honestly, I would be surprised if Wentz doesn't win at least two Lombardis by the time they hangs 'em up.
If you aren't convinced yet that he's capable of it, please raise your hand. Anybody? Didn't think so.
There will be slumps. There will be bad games. There will be challenges along the way.
But you know with their work ethic, determination, approach to practice and the way they take care of himself, he's only going to get better. Even if they never improves and simply maintains their current level of play over a period of years, we're still looking at one of the greatest quarterbacks of all-time.
Just based on pure skill, pure ability to carry a football team, he's there.
Wentz has played 27 regular-season NFL games, and we're having this conversation.
Wentz's next touchdown pass will be their 29th.
Brady didn't throw 29 touchdown passes until their eighth season.
And if you want to say, "The Eagles haven't beaten anybody this year," keep in mind that Wentz has faced the No. 4, No. 6 and No. 12 pass defenses in the league and threw at least three touchdowns with no interceptions against each one.
What about McNabb? Don't misjudge all this for any sort of knock on No. 5. It isn't. They were an all-time great Eagle. The best quarterback in Eagles' history. They won nine playoff games for this franchise and reached a Super Bowl.
Wentz doesn't have a postseason résumé yet, but that will come in time.
He's already doing things no quarterback this young has ever done, things that very few quarterbacks of any age have done.
He's your quarterback. And they will be for a very long time.
With a spike in the number of homicides this year, a new poll indicates Edmontonians believe violent crime should be the police department's No. 1 priority.
Of the 830 residents surveyed in the Mainstreet Research poll, conducted on behalf of Postmedia News, nearly a quarter said curbing violent crime should be at the top of the list for police, followed close behind by the sex trade and child exploitation (21 per cent). Drugs and property crimes were tied for third place, each with 15 per cent of respondents ranking those as the most important issues.
“In recent years, Edmonton has received some unwanted attention for having a steady crime rate while other major cities rates fell up to 2014. Since 2015, rates have increased … some attribute (that) to the downturn in the economy. These realities are mirrored by the perceptions of a majority of Edmontonians,” Mainstreet Research president Quito Maggi said in a news release.
Forty-three per cent of respondents said they believe crime is increasing, while 37 per cent said they think it's staying the same. Only 11 per cent of people said they thought crime is decreasing.
Those numbers differ from a poll of 1,367 people the Edmonton Police Service commissioned in February that indicated more than three-quarters of respondents felt Edmonton had the same amount or less crime than other Canadian cities. Less than a quarter said they thought there was more crime.
There have been 27 homicides so far this year in Edmonton, which means the city's tally will likely rise above the 2015 total of 32 by the end of December. Alberta had the second highest number of homicides in Canada in 2014. There were 104, 22 more than the year before.
In a July 2015 Statistics Canada report, Edmonton was among some of the country's metropolitan areas that saw a slight increase in its crime severity index. It's CSI, a complex calculation which takes into account the number of crimes and the seriousness of the offence based on sentencing data, went up two points in 2014 to 87.1, seven points higher than Winnipeg. But Edmonton's is still far lower than Vancouver, Regina, Saskatoon, Kelowna and Thunder Bay, Ont.
At the same time, national crime rates remain at an all-time low, the report found. Crimes reported to police fell three per cent across the country from 2013 to 2014 for the 11th consecutive year. The agency attributes the lower rate mostly to fewer break-ins and robberies.
City council approved the Edmonton Police Service's three-year operating budget in December, with an increase of $39.2 million, $36.1 million short of what police originally requested. Edmonton police Chief Rod Knecht said in June they expect controversy and “some pain” when the department announces how it plans to save $27 million over the next three years.
The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.4 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
Mainstreet Research surveyed a random sample of 830 Edmonton residents on Friday via land line and cellphone.
oellwand@postmedia.com
twitter.com/otiena
The major problem is that Hab fans anointed them the saviour of the franchise way too early. That's not the type of pressure any young player needs, let alone a goalie.
It's even worse to anoint them saviour of a franchise that has the game's most demanding fans.
Leaf fans are relentless, but not having won a Stanley Cup in 43 years has almost left us broken and defeated. Since we've experienced such a long time in between championships there is a sort of glum resignation to the entire situation. Being beaten down by inept upper management from Harold Ballard to JFJ will do that. Of course, this resignation is nowhere every pre-season when fans, including me, are delusional about the team's chances (p.s. I'm already delusional about next year's chances). The difference in Montreal is that there is such a long history of winning, so the team's 1993 championship seems like it happened in 1893. They aren't accustomed to long stretches of failure.
Last season the shine started to wear off Carey Price once the Habs faltered down the stretch after starting the year 8-2-1 and looking like a potential Stanley Cup finalist. People make fun of Leaf fans for their preemptive parade planning, but I'm pretty sure Montreal fans were ready to start their playoff riot after last season's dominating October.
The season thankfully spiralled out of control for the Canadiens with rumours of rampant partying plaguing the team. Price's name popped up in rumours as one of the main culprits in the matter and their play on the ice reflected this. Montreal fans voiced their displeasure.
The new Carey Price, shaken and doubting, is the creation of Canadiens fans. By overreacting to their initial success (calling them Jesus) they set them up for failure considering their lack of patience for any sort of struggle. Being a goalie is the hardest position to play, especially behind Roman Hamerlik, and especially in Montreal. It isn't overly surprising that Price struggled after their first season. The dreaded sophomore slump happens to a lot of young players, Steve Mason being the most relatable example.
Last year was Montreal's “centennial” year (technically it wasn't) and they were winning the cup. It was ordained and you couldn't tell a Montreal fan otherwise. When Price struggled, along with the rest of the team, it was entirely their fault in the eyes of many Hab fans. He's been on a very short leash ever since.
I'm sure most Hab fans gave them the benefit of the doubt heading into this year. After all, it was only one bad season after a tremendous one. And it wasn't like they were the only player who played poorly. But after being badly outplayed by Jaroslav Halak this season the scrutiny Price faces is even more intense. The rare games they play must go perfectly or else Montreal fans boo him.
Over their last five games of the regular season Price had one awful outing where they were pulled early, but in the other four games they averaged only 2 goals against and close to a .940%. This wasn't enough for the majority of Hab fans because the team only won once, despite Price's best efforts. Price couldn't win over the fans even when they played well. If they didn't win the game then it was an abject failure and it was their fault. Knowing you must be perfect isn't the vote of confidence a young player needs.
Montreal fans seemed receptive of Price as they replaced Halak for game 4 against the Capitals these playoffs, but they gave up 4 goals on 36 shots and has once again been banished to the bench in favour of Halak. Not sure if anyone in Montreal really cares. Price certainly cares. And it's showing.
In Montreal's game 4 loss to the Capitals, Price took two stupid unsportsmanlike conduct penalties that reveal how frustrated the young netminder is feeling. The first penalty was for shooting the puck at a crowd of Washington players celebrating a goal, while the second came for making contact with Nicklas Backstrom after an empty net goal.
This is the second time that Carey Price has let their frustration show in the playoffs. It was only last year during the Canadiens eventual first round defeat that Price raised their hands in mock celebration after being jeered by the crowd for making a routine save. This was the same type of gesture that Patrick Roy made as the Montreal faithful mock cheered them during a rout. That would be Roy's last game as a member of the Montreal Canadiens. Could game 4 against the Capitals be Carey Price's last game for the Canadiens?
Carey Price seems to have lost everything that made them so successful in their rookie season. These emotional outbursts show the pressure is getting to Price and they are incapable of handling it. He's clearly a young player lacking in self-confidence at the moment. Unfortunately, Montreal isn't a place where a young player can work through their struggles. Everything is relentlessly dissected and the constant pressure in Montreal is engulfing Price. The party lifestyle of the city probably isn't helping either, if you choose to believe those rumours.
I'm not suggesting Carey Price's career is over. Theirs is still very young and actually improved their numbers this year from 2008-2009 (08-09: 2.83 GAA, .905%; 09-10: 2.77 GAA, .912%). It's foolish to think that a 22-year-old drafted fifth overall is incapable of recovering their game, especially since he's already shown an ability to play at a very high level. I think Carey Price can still develop into a star goalie, but I don't think it will be in Montreal. They seem like a player in desperate need of a change.
The best situation for Price would be to play in a less intense market and either back-up or split time with a veteran goalie who can help mentor him. The ideal team that fits this description is New Jersey.
Martin Brodeur will turn 38 next week and could benefit from a reduced regular season workload considering their post-lockout playoff performances. Price could learn a lot from Brodeur and when Brodeur decides to retire the Devils would have a number one goalie ready to step in. Brodeur has two seasons left on their current deal and this seems like a perfect time frame to groom Price as a number one goalie, rather than shoving them into the role as a rookie under the scrutiny of the most demanding fan base in hockey.
This is not a trade rumour, merely a thought.
The Canadiens will have a big decision to make this summer as both Price and Halak are restricted free agents. It's clear they will re-sign Halak after their tremendous year. I'm sure they will re-sign Price as well, but whether or not they actually keep them is a different matter. If Price is made available there will be plenty of suitors for the 22-year-old former first round pick who could potentially be had at a reduced cost.
Carey Price is only two seasons removed from a stellar rookie campaign where they wrestled the starting job away from Cristobal Huet as a 20-year-old. Price went 24-12-3 with a 2.56 GAA and a .920%, which prompted Hab fans to call their new netminder Jesus Price. Price was so good that Bob Gainey traded Huet at the deadline to the Capitals. It helped that Huet was becoming an unrestricted free agent and that the Canadiens had another potential number one goalie named Jaroslav Halak playing in the AHL. But Price's play really pushed the issue.Only two years ago Montreal fans were calling them Jesus and now he's booed with shocking regularity. Price's fall from grace has been steep and swift.
Share
Previous Next 1 of 6 Close
Originally developed for use in Afghanistan, Kaman's K-MAX self-flying helicopter boasts the capacity to hold 6,000 pounds of cargo while flying near sea level, and roughly 4,000 pounds of cargo while operating at a 15,000-foot altitude (where the air isn't as dense). Moreover, this chopper has the ability to provide round-the-clock air support during wildfire suppression, only needing to stop to refuel or gather more water. Its built-in computer also packs hotspot detection and operates at peak levels even in the harshest of environments.
“This technology will allow us to better support our firefighters on the ground, both with suppression and direct logistical support,” said the Department of Interior's director of Aviation Services Mark Bathrick at a recent K-MAX field test in Idaho. “The integration of technology that could more than double the time we're able to provide them with logistical and direct air support could be a game-changer in this mission area.”
During last week's demonstration at Lucky Peak Helibase just outside Boise, Lockheed and Kaman displayed K-MAX's impressive skills. In front of officials from the Department of the Interior and the United States Forest Service's Fire and Aviation management division, the K-MAX first took off and flew over to a nearby pond to fill a bucket full of water. Once full, the chopper then navigated to an area marked off as an invisible wildfire and proceeded to accurately drop the water along a line which would effectively stop the blaze from spreading. Lockheed and Kaman repeated this process several times, displaying the K-MAX's continued accuracy and dependability.
“We owe it to the firefighters on the ground to continually explore technologies that improve their safety and best support their efforts,” Bathrick continued. “We see it as a great example of prior tax payer investment that will pay dividends.”
As of now, there's no clear timetable for when exactly the government intends to send Lockheed and Kaman's innovative helicopter into the field. With successful testing now under its belt — and considering how incredibly beneficial it could be — it likely won't be long before the K-MAX is on the front lines helping curb ravaging wildfires across the country.
THE HAGUE: A Dutch non-governmental group on Monday accused two coal mining companies in Colombia's restive northeast of having sponsored paramilitary groups to protect their business interests.
“Between 1996 and 2006 paramilitaries murdered 3,100 people and displaced 55,000 farmers from their land,” PAX for Peace said in a report, released in the Netherlands.
PAX, a Christian-based NGO situated in the central city of Utrecht accused US-based coal company Drummond and Colombia-based Prodeco a subsidiary of global mining giant Glencore of benefiting from these rights abuses.
“Perpetrators and witnesses say the mining companies and paramilitaries' collaboration consisted of exchanging material support and strategic information,” PAX said in the 141-page report entitled “The Dark Side of Coal”.
“Until today, the mining companies are profiting from gross violations of human rights. Confiscated land still lies within their territory,” PAX added.
It called upon Dutch companies like Nuon, Essent and others not to buy “blood coal” from these companies until victims were compensated.
For a decade after 1996, Colombia's Cesar province was rife with paramilitaries brought in to protect coal mining interests against attacks from other guerilla groups in the province which borders Venezuela, PAX said.
Paramilitary units were disbanded in Cesar after inking a peace agreement with the Colombian government “but soon after demobilisation it became apparent that violence and human rights allegations had continued.”
The paramilitaries also murdered and threatened trade unionists or other critics, it added. Both Drummond and Prodeco's Swiss-based parent Glencore have vehemently denied the claims.
“Drummond is a company respectful of Colombian law and reaffirms it has also stood outside of the armed conflict,” in the country, it said in a statement.
Glencore said the report was “unbalanced and twisted, blindly following the allegations of convicted felons”.
Colombia's oil and mining sector continue to be a main target for rebel attacks, hostage taking and other acts of sabotage.
The actor, Richard Kiel, famous for playing the steel-toothed James Bond villain Jaws, has died at the age of 74.
A spokesperson at Saint Agnes medical centre in Fresno, California, confirmed that Kiel had died but declined to give any further information.
The 7ft 2in actor found worldwide fame opposite Roger Moore's 007 in The Spy Who Loved Me in 1979, and then reprised the role two years later in Moonraker.
Steve Stevens, Kiel's agent, said: "He was a very loyal friend and client for over 35 years, a terrific husband and father, and was not only a giant actor but a giant man." So what else is known about one of the Bond franchise's greatest and most-loved villains?
Cemetery salesperson and maths tutor
According to their IMDb entry, before they became an actor they worked as a bouncer at a Los Angeles nightclub. They had also held jobs as a cemetery plot salesperson and night school maths tutor.
Fear of heights
Kiel suffered from acrophobia. In The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker, Roger Moore's stuntman stood in for them for some of the more vertiginous scenes.
Not so Chewy
Kiel turned down the role of Chewbacca in the Star Wars films. In an interview with The Times in 2012, they said that they were offered a lot of monster parts due to their height. They said they decided not to take the role of Chewbacca because they were afraid of being type cast and because it is "always so hot inside those suits". After turning the role down, Kiel was cast as Jaws.
More than just colleagues
Roger Moore and Richard Kiel remained friends long after they finished shooting together. According to Kiel, Moore was a "great team player, they just wanted the movies to be a success. They didn't care whether I stole scenes. Most movie stars wouldn't have put up with that."
According to Kiel, Moore was incredibly funny on the set, often improvising lines that ended up in the final cut. "For example, when Roger and Lois Chiles jump off the cable car and they say, 'Who is that? Do you know him?' and Roger says 'Not socially. Their name's Jaws, they kill people.' Fantastic."
Truck accident
Kiel withdrew from acting in later life after they were involved in a truck accident. They remained "active on the autograph circuit" for avid Bond fans, The Guardian says, but the accident forced them to walk with a cane. In their later years they used a motorised wheelchair.
For the past two years, Nvidia has launched high-end supercomputing hardware at the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis (sensibly abbreviated as SC). Today, at SC14, Nvidia is following that trend, except this time it's bringing a new dual-GPU product to the table. The new K80 is based on a revised version of the GK110 chip, dubbed GK210, with 13 of Kepler's 15 SMX's enabled and a 300W TDP. This may allow the card to hit higher Boost frequencies than the desktop-oriented Titan Z, which struggled to deliver equivalent scaling to two Titan Black's in an SLI configuration.
Meet GK210
Nvidia's GK210 is a fairly significant alteration to the GK110/GK110B. While the maximum number of stream processors remains the same, at 2880, the register file size has doubled (512KB, up from 256KB) and the L1 cache is 128KB up from 64KB. Throughput and performance per clock both appear to be somewhat higher on the new card, Tesla K80 offers roughly 2x the maximum single and double-precision of Tesla K40 (8.74TFLOPs vs. 4.29TFLOPs and 2.91TFLOPs vs. 1.43TFLOPS) despite having fewer cores per chip (2496 vs. 2880 on a full Tesla K40).
What does all this mean? Massive scientific computing horsepower — more than any other company has ever brought to market. The 24GB of RAM on the card is divided between both GPUs, but there should be a difference between how this memory pool is tapped for scientific workloads vs. gaming.
The entire point of having a hardware accelerator in a supercomputing environment is that you can keep data stored locally rather than waiting on the system to deliver new information over the achingly slow PCIe 3.0 bus. Nvidia's NVLink is expected to address part of this problem when it eventually arrives in concert with IBM, but until that solution is ready, the company is stuck with the relatively pokey bandwidth and latency of PCI Express 3.0. That means you can only solve problems as complex as you can hold in local memory.
When you build a dual-GPU system, the data in RAM is always duplicated. In graphics, a dual-GPU card with 2x4GB of RAM isn't the same as a card with 8GB of RAM because all graphics data is copied across both frame buffers to ensure that the game can be rendered smoothly. That's not automatically the case in scientific computing, where the two GPUs could be assigned two completely different tasks or theoretically given two halves of the same problem (provided, obviously, that the workload can be split in that fashion).
The big unknown is whether or not the GPU can run at its boost clock of 875MHz for sustained periods of time, as opposed to its base frequency of 562MHz. While even this frequency gives it a 50% advantage in raw throughput over a single K40, a boost frequency of 875MHz would make it literally twice as powerful as Nvidia's previous top-end supercomputing solution. This is the first card with a full dynamic GPU boost solution in the HPC space, so how that will impact performance over time remains to be seen.
Don't expect consumer options
The big difference between this card and the previous workstation or scientific computing behemoths that Nvidia has launched is that we don't expect to see a 28nm variant of this chip taking over the high end of the market. Kepler may have addressed Nvidia's highest-end consumer needs quite well for several years, but the twin GK210 chips that K80 offers would be beaten by a brace of GTX 980s — likely at much lower prices. Maxwell has taken over the high-end consumer market, and it's not going to give that space back.
For now, the Tesla family will remain Kepler-only. As of this writing, Nvidia hasn't specified when it plans to roll out midrange consumer Maxwell-based solutions, or whether it will wait for 20nm to deploy those cards. Doing so could make good financial sense — it wouldn't be the first time that a company has debuted a midrange part on a new process to iron out the manufacturing issues before transitioning high-end products at a somewhat later date.
This new card should be a monster in its intended environment. AMD's efforts in the HPC and scientific computing space remain fairly minimal; the company has done a limited amount of proof-of-concept work with APUs and other HPC projects but hasn't put a sustained push behind scientific computing. Intel has its own Many Integrated Core chip, of course, but Knights Landing won't ship until the second half of next year. For now, that puts Nvidia firmly in the driver's seat.
Now read: Nvidia Maxwell GTX 980 and GTX 970 reviewed
Is it true that states must always repay their sovereign debt – even after a major regime change – to maintain their future creditworthiness? Odette Lienau writes that this conventional wisdom on sovereign debt is overly simplistic and in some cases entirely wrong. They argue that the assumptions of political neutrality, creditor uniformity, and historical constancy, upon which this common narrative rests, do not stand up to closer inspection. This suggests that more flexibility exists in terms of our understanding of government debt and how the market determines creditworthiness.
Conventional wisdom holds that all nations must repay debt. Regardless of the legitimacy of the regime that signs the contract, the actual use of loan proceeds, or the exigencies of any potential default, a country that fails to honour its loan obligations damages its reputation, inviting still greater problems down the road.
Yet difficult questions have arisen from this assumption: Should a black-African-led South Africa really be expected to repay apartheid era debt? Or, given that Saddam Hussein was a dictator who used funds for the oppression of a majority of Iraq's population, would it be appropriate to require future Iraqi generations to pay for their iniquity? Although the strict repayment norm comes into the starkest relief in situations of regime change and transitional justice, its expectations filter into debt negotiations more generally. If repayment is expected even in such extreme circumstances, then it is reasonable to expect debtors to bear most of the burden in all other situations as well.
Rethinking sovereign debt
My book, Rethinking Sovereign Debt: Politics, Reputation, and Legitimacy in Modern Finance, argues that the market narrative supporting the repayment norm is overly simplistic and in some respects entirely wrong. I suggest that the framing of repayment and reputation as a market principle immobilises our sovereign debt regime in part by propagating the following three assumptions.
First, the dominant approach implies that although creditors may assess a specific borrower's political characteristics through the lens of sovereign risk, judgements about a borrower's repayment decisions are not shaped by politics per se. Rather, they are simply the best objective assessment of a given set of material facts, and are therefore unchallengeable on the basis of political or moral principle. Second, the mechanism of sovereign reputation itself is assumed to be similarly free from subjective and historically variable political judgments, and therefore similarly immune from challenge. And third, all rational creditors are expected to respond in basically the same way to particular debt events, suggesting that efforts to understand or reshape their identities and interests would be futile.
But in fact none of these assumptions seem to hold up to closer scrutiny, which means that the strict debt repayment norm is more politically and historically variable than it first appears. To begin with, any discussion of sovereign debt is rendered intelligible only by quietly incorporating one of the most highly politicised (and thus deeply contested) terms in international law and international relations: “sovereignty.” Depending on the theory of sovereignty implicitly or explicitly adopted, the practices of sovereign debt and reputation could be expected to diverge significantly.
Furthermore, creditor uniformity cannot simply be assumed, and in fact different creditors may interpret – and historically have interpreted – the same politicised debt repudiation in opposing ways. The post-World War I cases of the Soviet Union and Costa Rica have been held out to suggest the futility of challenging the timeless rules of capital markets. But in fact these cases demonstrate quite the opposite, showing how creditors can reasonably make reputational judgements in favour of post-repudiation lending, at least under conditions of market competition and ideological flexibility. The Soviet case in particular has been misinterpreted in the economics literature; a look at the historical correspondence between banks and governments, rather than only at bond float data, demonstrates that private interest did exist in lending to the new Soviet regime, at least among new American banks eager to compete with established European financiers.
The absence of similar cases later in the century was hardly embedded in apolitical market certainties or ahistorical creditor preferences. Rather, the departure from the more open post-World War I moment resulted from changing political structures and sovereignty norms, as well as from shifts in creditor interactions. The post-World War II reconstruction of the financial system was led by public creditors such as the new World Bank, which promoted sovereign debt practices that comported with their own financial and operational needs, including a strict insistence on debt repayment. When private creditors returned to sovereign lending in the early 1970s, they arrived through a framework of syndicated lending and multinational branching that undermined the space for heterodox creditor approaches and further consolidated a narrow repayment rule. Sovereign states themselves, increasingly wary of external scrutiny of their internal political and economic choices, hardly forced an open discussion of political principles in the debt arena.
This background affected the subsequent loan restructurings of the late 1970s and 1980s. In particular, the systemic risk posed by the private banks' interconnected loans – and the banks' interaction with public actors such as the IMF and the US Treasury – resulted in a joint approach to sovereign borrowers that limited the space for alternative approaches to debt. Thus, despite being grounded in very particular historical moments, these shifts granted the rule of debt repayment an air of inevitability into the 1990s, and meant that even clearly revolutionary governments in Nicaragua, Iran, the Philippines, and South Africa ultimately acknowledged the debts of their predecessors.
This is not at all to say that the story is over. If indeed a strict repayment rule has been shaped over the last century by political actors, broader ideological shifts, and changing public and private creditor structures – and if there are moments demonstrating how finance can function even in its absence – then it is hardly necessary for workable international capital markets. Alternative approaches, incorporating ideas of illegitimate debt and allowing for limited cancellation, emerged historically and could function more fully in the future.
Indeed, the post-Cold War era has witnessed the international move toward a discourse of governance, democracy, and human rights, which has made its way into the language (if not fully the practice) of even major economic organisations and private creditor groups. Although expectations of uniform repayment still dominate, new modes of creditor interaction and sources of international capital have further enabled flexibility in certain cases, and debt discussions in Iraq, Ecuador, and even Europe have brought arguments about illegitimate debt more to light.
Thus popular and scholarly discussions of sovereign debt have the potential to be much broader than their current contours imply. The norm of strict debt repayment is theoretically unstable and historically variable, and undermines any assumption of a uniform, apolitical, and basically unalterable creditor interpretation of debtor actions. Even in the absence of concerted effort by the international community, market actors have the requisite political intelligence to make reputational judgements that could countenance more flexible debt practices, including even debt cancellation in some instances. Challenging the assumption that strict debt payment is a market necessity, in part by understanding where it comes from, is a first step to more balanced discussions about the politics and prospects of sovereign debt in future years.
Note: This article was originally published on our sister site, the LSE's EUROPP blog, and gives the views of the author, and not the position of the British Politics and Policy blog, nor of the London School of Economics. Please read our comments policy before posting. Featured image credit: Images Money CC-BY-SA-3.0
About the Author
Odette Lienau – Cornell University Law School
Odette Lienau is Associate Professor of Law at Cornell University Law School.  They are the author of Rethinking Sovereign Debt: Politics, Reputation, and Legitimacy in Modern Finance(Harvard University Press, 2014).
Tunisia's new constituent assembly meets in Tunis. (Photo: Ennahda party/Flickr)
(CNSNews.com) – As Tunisian lawmakers wrestle over the drafting of a new constitution, the place of Islamic law is causing contention, but with Islamists dominating the process the new constitution looks set to describe shari'a as “the principal source of legislation.”
Tunisia, the country that launched last year's political upheavals in many parts of the Arab world, is being closely watched, as observers across the region and in the West ponder the future of the so-called “Arab spring” amid the rise of Islamist parties.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been optimistic about Tunisia, saying during a visit to North Africa last week that they were encouraged by what they saw and heard. Testifying in the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, they described Tunisia as “a country that I think deserves a lot of attention and support from the United States.”
Last October, the Islamist Ennahda (Renaissance) party won a plurality of the seats when Tunisians elected an assembly mandated to draft a new national constitution.
Article One of Tunisia's current constitution, promulgated in 1959, declares that “Tunisia is a free, independent and sovereign state. Its religion is Islam, its language is Arabic and its type of government is the Republic.”
Ennahda, which holds 89 of the assembly's 217 seats, wants the new document to go further, and explicitly assert the importance of shari'a.
On Tuesday, a plenary session of the assembly witnessed lively debate over the issue.
Tunisia Live, an independent English-language news service, quoted Ennahda delegate Ali Fares as saying shari'a “must be a principal point of reference in our constitution” and calling for the document to be “responsive to the demands of the revolution.”
But Nadia Chaabane, a member of a small modernist group that advocates for gender equality and separation of religion and politics – and holds five seats – disagreed.
“While we need to be in harmony with our identity, we cannot use the shari'a as a source of legislation because it can disrupt the balance of Tunisian society,” they were quoted as saying. “Even if we did use it – whose version will we follow? Shari'a is so vague and unclear – it needs a lot of interpretation. Moroccan interpretation, for instance, is not the same as Iranian.”
Rabii Abdi of the centrist Congress for the Republic (CPR) – with 29 seats, the second-biggest in the assembly – suggested the constitution make reference to “principles of modernity embodied in documents such as the U.N. Declaration on Human Rights.”
The constitutional drafting process is expected to take about 18 months, a timeframe that would allow its adoption to coincide with presidential elections.
Rachid Ghannouchi, founder and leader of Tunisia's Islamist Ennahda party. (AP Photo)
Ennahda founder and leader Rachid Ghannouchi, who returned to Tunisia after more than 20 years in exile following the ousting of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, indicated late last year that the party would not push for shari'a references in the constitution.
They said in a wire service interview that apart from retaining the wording of Article One from the current constitution, “there will be no other references to religion in the constitution. We want to provide freedom for the whole country.”
Now their party appears to be moving away from that stance.
‘Incompatible'
The draft constitution under consideration says, “Using Islamic shari'a as a principal source of legislation will guarantee freedom, justice, social equality, consultation, human rights and the dignity of all its people, men and women.”
On Thursday Barnabas Fund, a religious freedom charity working mostly with Christian minorities in Islamic countries, challenged that assertion, saying the tenets of shari'a were “incompatible with Western understanding of many of these concepts, as evidenced in other countries, such as Iran, Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan, that are based on Islamic principles.”
Under shari'a, any Muslim who abandons their faith is guilty of “apostasy.” In some Islamic countries, the offense is punishable by death, as is “blasphemy.” Other punishments associated with shari'a include stoning for adultery and limb amputation for theft.
Shari'a provisions also give less legal weight to a woman's testimony in court than to a man's. In countries like Saudi Arabia, Iran and Pakistan, for example, a rape victim is required to present four male witnesses to back their claim, failing which they can themselves be charged with adultery.
The Obama administration has been cautious in responding to the shari'a question in “Arab spring” countries.
Last October, State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland responded to a question about the issue by saying the term shari'a “has a broad application and is understood differently in different places and by different commentators.”
“We've seen various Islamic-based democracies wrestle with the issue of establishing rule of law within an appropriate cultural context,” they continued. “But the number one thing is that universal human rights, rights for women, rights for minorities, right to due process, right to transparency be fully respected.”
Clinton visited Tunisia last week, and during a town hall with young Tunisians on Saturday raised both the constitution-drafting process and the question of Islamists in power.
“The job of writing a constitution and governing requires cooperation across society,” they said. “No one person, no one party, has all the answers. Every country is stronger by listening with respect to those with whom we differ. So to write a constitution, the governing party now then will have to work with other parties, including secular parties, and persuade voters across the political spectrum to respect fundamental principles.”
“Now, I know that there are those here in Tunisia and elsewhere who question whether Islamist politics can really be compatible with democracy,” Clinton told their audience. “Well, Tunisia has a chance to answer that question affirmatively, and to demonstrate there is no contradiction. And that means not just talking about tolerance and pluralism, but living it. And it is up to you to hold all political parties to the same values.”
The following day, during a visit to Morocco, Clinton was cautiously optimistic, saying they were “encouraged in many regards by what I've seen in Tunisia.”
“Certainly in Tunisia, they are saying all the rights things,” they said in an interview with NPR. “They are saying that they will protect women's rights, that – they are saying that they will protect human rights. And now we want to see that actually take place.”
Tom Rockliff is in line for a shock return from injury against the Eagles
TOM ROCKLIFF could make a surprise early return from injury against West Coast on Sunday.
The Brisbane Lions captain spent two nights in hospital after suffering broken ribs and a punctured lung in round one against Collingwood.
The initial diagnosis for recovery was four to six weeks, but the feisty Rockliff has been bugging Lions medical staff and coaches for an early return.
The 25-year-old is back running at full pace and has been trialing some protective padding for the ribs and lung.
It will come down to how much pain they can tolerate, and whether the protective guard would limit their range of movement.
At present they struggle to get their arm above their head, but that is improving.
On Monday, stand-in captain Daniel Rich said they were hopeful of not having to lead the team against the Eagles.
"Hopefully I don't have to and Rocky's playing," Rich said.
"Knowing him, he'll be pretty keen, but I think he'll have to tick a few boxes during the week in terms of the contact and that side of things to make sure he's ready.
"His health and wellbeing is more important than coming back a week early.
"He's done everything they can so far. He's a tough bugger to go through that."
Rockliff's return would not only bring their midfield production, but also some much-needed leadership.
After Saturday night's poor 79-point loss against Richmond, coach Justin Leppitsch bemoaned the lack of leaders on the field.
"Our leadership is down without Pearce (Hanley) and Rocky, who are probably our two strongest leaders so that doesn't help," Leppitsch said.
"People don't realise which are the ones within your team who are the spiritual types – and those two are – so that really leaves a lot to others.
"I thought Dayne (Zorko) was terrific in trying to spark the team, but there's not enough others that want to jump in along the journey and be part of it."
Rich said it was an area for which the entire team needed to take responsibility.
"It's not something you want to hear," they said.
"That shows where we need to improve as a group.
"Every guy on the field has to be a leader in a different way, whether that's bringing enthusiasm as a first-year player or setting guys up using their voice.
"They're the kind of things we need to improve on to make ourselves a better team. The top teams do it, so there are no excuses."
Weeks after a raging wildfire forced them to evacuate their homes, Fort McMurray residents are being allowed to return in a staged operation starting today. But residents won't be returning to business as usual: Some city services are closed, a boil-water advisory is in effect and smoke exposure is still a risk.
Open this photo in gallery: Fort McMurray firefighters fix a sign that reads "We Support Fort McMurray" on an overpass above Memorial Dr. in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Topher Seguin/Reuters 1 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Mike Maloney and their wife Tessa Maloney, hug as they unpack to re-enter their home after being evacuated due to wildfires, in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Jason Franson/The Canadian Press 2 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Fort McMurray residents drive along Memorial Dr. and head towards Fort McMurray, Alberta. Topher Seguin/Reuters 3 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Pilar Ramirez cleans their home after returning as residents re-enter fire-ravaged Fort McMurray, Alberta. Codie McLachlan/The Canadian Press 4 of 18
Story continues below advertisement
Open this photo in gallery: Destroyed buildings in the neighbourhood of Waterways is seen after wildfires forced the mandatory evacuation of Fort McMurray, Alberta. Topher Seguin/Reuters 5 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Convenience store manager Sunny Katoch paints a welcome sign on the back door as residents begin to flood back into their city after being evacuated due to raging wildfires in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Topher Seguin/Reuters 6 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Polo Quinones scrubs their home after returning as residents re-enter fire-ravaged Fort McMurray, Alberta. Codie McLachlan/The Canadian Press 7 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Devastation from the wildfire that tore through the city is seen as residents re-enter fire-ravaged Fort McMurray, Alberta. Codie McLachlan/The Canadian Press 8 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: James Turingan, left, and Russell Boston survey the damage to their home as residents re-enter fire-ravaged Fort McMurray, Alberta. Codie McLachlan/The Canadian Press 9 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Fort McMurray firefighters hang a Canadian flag on an overpass above Memorial Drive as residents are permitted to return to Fort McMurray, Alberta. Topher Seguin/Reuters 10 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Boat and car destroyed by wildfire sit in the backyard of a house as residents begin to return to their homes after a massive wildfire in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Darryl Dyck/Bloomberg 11 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Deer stands among trees scorched by wildfire as residents begin to return to their homes after a massive wildfire in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Darryl Dyck/Bloomberg 12 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: A man mows their lawn in the Lower Townsite neighbourhood as residents begin to return to their homes after a massive wildfire in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Topher Seguin/Reuters 13 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Firefighters and RCMP officers greet Fort McMurray residents from an overpass on Highway 63 just outside Fort McMurray, Alberta. COLE BURSTON/AFP/Getty Images 14 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Fort McMurray wildfire evacuees return to their home in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Darryl Dyck/Bloomberg 15 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Service Master cleaners make their way to a bus to be sent to help clean up smoke damage inside a mall as residents begin to return to their homes after a massive wildfire in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Cole Burston/AFP/Getty Images 16 of 18
Open this photo in gallery: Adam Hussynec ,left, and Cody Burthell remove a fridge as they re-enter their home after being evacuated due to wildfires, in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Jason Franson/The Canadian Press 17 of 18
0 2 dead after 4-vehicle crash involving tractor-trailer on Route 65
PITTSBURGH - Two people are dead after a multivehicle accident Friday that shut down State Route 65 near Interstate 79, state police said.
https://twitter.com/WPXIJoeHolden/status/629732856932265984
Route 65 reopened around 7:30 p.m. after being shut down in both directions in Sewickley Borough for most of the afternoon and evening.
https://twitter.com/WPXITraffic/status/629797074465333248
State police said a 2001 Audi A6 2.7T was traveling north on Route 65 in the left lane when the car crossed the center line into the southbound lanes, striking a tractor trailer.
FREE APPS | NOW | FACEBOOK | TWITTER
Stories of the day...
Upon impact the tractor-trailer exploded into flames, which caught a 2012 Ford Transit van on fire, authorities said. The Audi then spun around counter-clockwise into the northbound lanes, hitting the front end of a 2008 Nissan Versa.
Police said the driver of the Audi and the driver of the tractor-trailer were both pronounced dead. State police identified the Audi driver as Dale Stetzer, 69, of Pittsburgh. The tractor-trailer driver was identified as William Anthony Cessna, 52, of Apollo.
The other two drivers suffered non-life threatening injuries, state police said.
WPXI-TV Facebook fan Shawna Davis Holsinger sent in a photo from their vehicle about a mile before the Neville Island Bridge that showed smoke shooting into the air. They said people were out of their cars and that they could smell gas.
https://twitter.com/WPXI/status/629704266035372032
Bob Westfall, of Washington County, said they approached the crash scene knowing there was trouble ahead.
“(I saw) smoke clear back to the highway, but everybody thought it was something down here in the bottom,” Westfall said.
Other witnesses said a car crashed into the truck, knocking out an axle and splitting it in half. They said the truck then burst into flames and the diesel tank ruptured, leaking fuel across the highway.
According to several witnesses, the fuel ignited.
“When I come up to here, there was a straight truck on fire. I mean just flames were shooting high, and it was diesel running across the road,” Westfall said.
Authorities said their investigation into the crash continues.
This March, the Extraordinary X-Men come face-to-face with one of their most fearsome foes. Today, Marvel is pleased to present your first look at EXTRAORDINARY X-MEN #8 – the first chapter of the “APOCALYPSE WARS” storyline. Be there as creators Jeff Lemire and Humberto Ramos take you into the far flung future. Mutantkind is an endangered species once more – what better way to ensure your people make it to tomorrow – than to skip ahead right to it? As the mutant race's last hope is jettisoned into the time stream, the Extraordinary X-Men make a startling discovery: the fate of their kind is about to fall into the hands of one of their most formidable adversaries – the immortal Apocalypse! Now, Storm and their team must race into a perilous and deadly future if they are to have any hope of reclaiming their present! Only they're completely unaware of the horrors that await them on the other side. Be there as the flagship X-Men title kicks off a blockbuster Apocalypse tale this March in EXTRAORDINARY X-MEN #8!
EXTRAORDINARY X-MEN #8
Written by JEFF LEMIRE
Art & Cover by HUMBERTO RAMOS
Connecting Variant by KEN LASHLEY (JAN160887)
Classic Variant by LARRY STROMAN (JAN160889)
Story Thus Far Variant by TODD NAUCK (JAN160888)
Women of Power Variant by LEINIL YU (JAN160890)
FOC – 02/22/16, On-Sale – 03/16/16
ok so i decided to make this a thing.... might change the title thoughlook forward to the story pagesalso incase anyones wonderingthe plot of this story is basicly....celestia turns evil, luna becomes evil againand its up to twilight and sunset to take over the roles of the sun and moon(basicly makeing sunset leave their home in the human world)also the fact their is also a new threat arising (other than evil celestia and evil luna(nightmare moon) >_>)(i know i said this in the previous drawing, but im rewriteing it here)if anyone has any decent title names they think would go better than what is currently here, then please tell mei have a question for you allsunset shimmershe has a cutiemark reprisenting a version of the sunwhy?also, why did celestia make sunset their previous student?did anyone ever think of that?either waysee you in later updates >_>
Curiosity's mission to Mars marked a major scientific and technological leap forward for humanity – while back on Earth, Olympic athletes push the physical limits of the human body.
When it comes down to spend – which cost more to achieve?
Olympic requirements
When London put in the bid to host the Olympic Games, the total projected cost of the event was set at a hefty $5-billion price-tag – but after planning and construction kicked off, that total grew significantly, hitting a three-fold level of $15-billion, according to Forbes.
Included in this figure is about $125 million for the opening and closing ceremonies which were planned and directed by Slumdog Millionaire director, Danny Boyle.
London also enjoyed a big infrastructure overhaul for the games which also added to the billion-dollar total.
More significantly, the London Olympic Park was built in a 500-acre industrial site, and features a newly built stadium, aquatic center, and kilometers of running and cycling paths – as well as a 40-story observation tower – all of which will have long-term use after the 17-day event is over.
In return, the London Olympics are expected to recoup costs during the event, and boost earnings further as the Paralympics kick off after the Summer Olympics draw to a close.
Feeding your Curiosity
When it comes down to sending an unmanned exploration craft to Mars, however, NASA only spent a relatively meagre $2.5-billion getting Curiosity there. The Curiosity rover is a car-sized Mars rover (the largest one to-date) currently exploring the Gale Crater on Mars.
According to a New York Times report, Curiosity also over-stepped its budget by quite a margin, having initially been projected to cost $1.6-billion to get to Mars.
However, after the project missed its deadline and was delayed until Mars and Earth were perfectly positioned again, the project's budget ballooned to $2.5-billion.
Curiosity is a mobile space station – and the largest lander NASA has ever put on Mars – which is packed with a lot of advanced technology. It's nuclear-powered and weighs just under a tonne, at 900kgs.
The rover is packed with heat-rejection systems, cameras, computer systems as well as transmission and communications equipment to broadcast footage of its mission back to Earth.
The transmission delay from Curiosity back to Earth – which is a distance of 566 million kilometers – amounted to 14 minutes.
Ironically, the CBS-implemented tape-delay to the Men's 100m sprint was set at around 6 hours, covering a distance of just under 6,000 kilometers between the US and London where the event was held.
Social networking platform, Twitter was subsequently hit with comments highlighting the irony: “You can't transmit the Olympics live, but NASA can transmit a feed from Mars with only a 14 minute delay? NBC you have been owned,” tweeted user, @kgazaway.
Related articles
Watching the Olympics on the Internet
Following the Olympics? There's an app for that.
NASA Mars rover helped by SA
NASA Mars rover lands after “seven minutes of terror”
Pulis criticised Villa's flight attendanting after Albion players were caught up in chaotic scenes during three pitch invasions by Villa fans.
But the Welshman also accused Baggies fans who threw seats of lacking respect and backed permanent bans from all grounds for any identified by CCTV.
Visiting fans threw plastic seats from the upper tier of the North Stand, hitting and injuring Villa fans, with coins and bottles also thrown.
An angry Pulis said: "If that was the situation, and they've got CCTV cameras up there, those supporters should never come into another football ground.
"It is like people coming into someone else's house – you have to show respect."
Several Albion players were shoved by Villa fans as they attempted to escape the field at the final whistle during the last of three pitch invasions.
It is understood no Baggies player reported being struck, but several were pushed by Villa fans.
Advertising
Winger Callum McManaman was manhandled down the tunnel by team-mate Craig Dawson following an angry confrontation with a fan.
Villa old-boy Craig Gardner was pelted with coins as they made their way down the touchline before the final whistle.
And Baggies goalkeeper Boaz Myhill reacted to being filmed during the final pitch invasion by throwing the fan's mobile phone to the ground.
Pulis said: "I am old enough to have seen isolated incidents happen like that. I don't want to have a go and take anything away from what happened on the pitch.
"But Villa should look at the flight attendanting because with a game at this time of night, 5.30pm, you need to police it properly and I am sure Villa will look at it."
“Easy to root for” is a term Dark Matter Supervising Producer Ivon Bartok introduced me to years ago. It was in reference to actor Brian J. Smith (SGU‘s Lieutenant Matthew Scott) on the heels of their Tony Award nomination for their Broadway performance in The Glass Menagerie. “Easy to root for” in that Brian, in addition to being incredibly talented, was simply just a straight-up good-hearted, down-to-earth, sweet-natured guy. We were happy for their success because it seemed an appropriate karmic payoff for a guy who had been nothing but positive, pleasant, and downright gracious during our years working with them on Stargate: Universe.
Flash-forward four years and the term comes to mind again in relation to actor Melanie Liburd who, in addition to their role in the upcoming sixth season of Game of Thrones, joins the crew of The Raza in Dark Matter's second season as the mysterious Nyx Harper. “She's like the nicest person on the planet!”texted Zoie Palmer and I have a hard time arguing that statement of fact.
Today, Melanie, Akemi and I got together for a long-overdue meal. We did dim-sum, got in some shopping, chatting, and capped our afternoon with a visit to Toronto's premiere chocolate shop, Soma, for a major chocolate infusion.
Melanie shows off their lobster dumpling…that's actually shaped like a tiny lobster.
Akemi and Melanie prepare to descend on dessert. The calm before the snacking storm!
Can't wait for you to finally meet them when Dark Matter season 2 premieres (July 1st on @Syfy, @Syfy_Spain, and @SpaceChannel; July 2nd on @SyfyAU, July 4th on @SyfyUK, and July 11th on @SyfyDE).
Speaking of the new season, I have a conference call next with Bipasha Ghosh and the rest of the Syfy International marketing teams to discuss plans for you, the fans. And, oh, what plans we have!
This week, we head into the home stretch in what promises to be a season full of shocks, surprises and BIG pivotal moments. What's to come? Well, here's a hint…
If you're not following @DarkMatter_show on Twitter, you're missing out on oodles of amazing BTS pics like these…
Jodelle and Alex support each other during read-thru.
The sassiest android in space!
Lately, I've also been spending time on reddit's Stargate sub-reddit where I've been reposting some of my most popular Stargate-related entries. So far:
Stargate Memories: My Journey Through the Gate – In which I detail my journey from animation writer to joining one of television's most successful scifi franchises.
My Top 10 Favorite Stargate Episodes – Self-explanatory. #1 may surprise you.
The Top 10 Best Stargate Episode Titles – In my opinion.
Top 10 Running Gags in SG-1 – From blue jello to whatever's in O'Neill's mug.
It's been a lot of fun. If you're interested in reading about some of the BTS action on Stargate, subscribe to the subreddit. I'll be uploading daily entries moving forward!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
June 27, 2017, 11:02 PM GMT / Updated June 27, 2017, 11:02 PM GMT By Chris Fuchs
A Virginia judge Tuesday certified charges against a security guard accused of fatally shooting a grandfather who their family said was out playing Pokémon Go the night they were killed.
Johnathan Cromwell, 22, learned the news at a Tuesday morning preliminary hearing at General District Court in Virginia. They had been charged with second-degree murder and use of a firearm in the commission of murder in the Jan. 26 shooting of 60-year-old Jiansheng Chen in Chesapeake, Virginia.
The judge's decision means there is sufficient evidence for prosecutors to go ahead with their case against Cromwell. It will now move to Circuit Court.
“We don't know what the result will be, but at least it's the right track,” Nelson Lu, a longtime friend of Chen who attended the hearing, told NBC News.
While on patrol, Cromwell allegedly confronted Chen, a retiree and immigrant from China, after Chen drove their blue van into the driveway of the River Walk clubhouse parking area, prosecutors have said.
A Chen family attorney has said Chen went there to play Pokémon Go, a GPS-based virtual reality game, as a way to bond with their nieces, nephews, and grandchildren. They also said Chen's command of English was very limited.
RELATED: Mourners Remember Grandfather Killed by Security Guard at Chinatown Wake
Cromwell stopped their own vehicle in front of Chen's, according to a statement from the Office of the Commonwealth's Attorney. Chen then backed up and turned their van around to the entrance of the driveway, which faces River Walk Parkway, prosecutors said.
That, according to the commonwealth's attorney statement, was when Chen was shot.
Cromwell, who worked for Citywide Protection Services, exited their car and said “stop” before allegedly firing their weapon, according to authorities.
An attorney for the security company has said Cromwell feared for their life and shot in self-defense — a claim advanced in court Tuesday by their new defense attorney, according to NBC-affiliate WAVY.
Chen, who police have said was not armed, was shot four times in their upper left chest and once in their left upper arm, the commonwealth's attorney has said. They died at the scene.
Jiansheng Chen, celebrating their 60th birthday with family members (who asked not to be identified). Chen was killed while reportedly playing Pokémon Go, allegedly by a community security guard. They played the game to relate to their grandchildren and nieces and nephews, according to their family. Courtesy of the Chen family
Following a bond hearing in February, WAVY reported that the Commonwealth's Attorney Office for the City of Chesapeake told a judge that Cromwell allegedly fired seven shots.
According to WAVY, prosecutors said the first shot came through the driver's side window, though Cromwell's attorney said Tuesday there was no evidence of that.
Prosecutors on Tuesday cited that fact as proof that Cromwell's life was not in danger, the station reported.
RELATED: Politicians, Advocates Call for Answers in Fatal Shooting of Grandfather
Efforts to reach Cromwell's lawyer late Tuesday afternoon were not immediately successful.
Lu said around 50 supporters of Chen, including family and friends, packed the courtroom for Tuesday's hearing. Cromwell's family was also present, according to WAVY.
The Virginian-Pilot reported that, according to parts of a statement read aloud in court, Cromwell told a detective that they yelled at Chen to stop between 10 and 15 times, but Chen shook their head “no.”
Johnathan Cromwell Chesapeake Sheriff's Office
Cromwell said Chen would've run them over had they not opened fire, but a detective testified that the security guard's account of what had happened did not hold water, according to The Virginian-Pilot.
Outside the courthouse Cromwell's father declined to comment, the paper and WAVY reported.
An attorney for the security company, Andrew Sacks, has previously said Chen had been served a written notice barring them from the clubhouse parking area after sunset. Security officers issued it because Chen had been at the location after hours, a violation of community rules, Sacks said.
The homeowner's association ended its contract with Citywide Protection Services shortly after Cromwell's arrest.
Cromwell, meanwhile, remains behind bars after being denied bond twice. They also parted ways with their first attorneys in April after communications with them had broken down. A public defender now represents him.
Chen, whose wife lived in Brooklyn, New York, was remembered at a funeral service in Manhattan's Chinatown in March. They were to be laid to rest at a cemetery in New Jersey.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
OLYMPIA, Wash. -- A controversial Olympia sports bar recently had its liquor license suspended for allowing patrons to smoke marijuana, but the bar's owner is defying the order -- and it's not the first time for Frankie Schnarrs.
Schnarrs is the owner of Frankie's Sports Pub and they aren't afraid to stand up to the state and local government.
"I want them to take my license from me. They can go to Hell. Get out of here. Get off my property," they said.
Schnarrs doesn't hold back when it comes to what they believe is their right to operate their sports bar the way they want.
Ten years ago they led the fight against the state smoking ban. They turned their upstairs bar into a "private club," skirting the county ordinances. And recently they allowed the smoking of marijuana in designated areas of the upstairs bar.
Mike Gosselin is a recreational marijuana smoker.
"I smoke. I'll go in the back. Certain tables you're not allowed to smoke around on this side of the bar so I go on the back side of the bar where it's legal," they said.
But the state liquor and Cannabis Board said it's not legal, citing last year's legislative action signed into law. "It is unlawful for any person to conduct or maintain a marijuana club," the law reads.
"This is a private room," said Schnarrs. "It's not a marijuana club. That's what they don't get."
Last year the board slapped Schnarrs with a $500 fine, and when they didn't pay it they slapped a sign on their door saying the liquor license was suspended for 5 days.
Not only did Schnarrs not pay the fine, they didn't abide by the suspension of the liquor license. They continue to sell alcohol and let people smoke marijuana.
Schnarrs says they consider this harassment by the government and he's suing to get them to cease and desist. In the meantime, life at the bar goes on.
"There is no violation of the Liquor Board. It's all in their head," Schnarrs said.
The board now knows about the continued drinking and pot smoking, but they have not disclosed what if anything will be done. The liquor license suspension officially ends at 11 a.m. Tuesday.
Fragmentation is one of those unpleasant topics that no one likes to discuss. That is, unless you are the CEO of Mozilla. Gary Kovacs, the chief executive of Mozilla, took aim at Apple (AAPL), Google (GOOG) and everyone else in the mobile industry during a keynote at Mobile World Congress this week in Spain. The executive believes that the mobile industry has become too consolidated and consumers should have more options available to them.
“There are many needs that are being unfilled,” they said, according to TechCrunch. “There should be many app stores, business many models, many payment mechanisms, many providers, many services. And there should not be one or two providers approving content.”
The executive added, “We need to make sure there are devices and applications and make sure this shared opportunity is not something these one or two companies unnaturally control. I believe that others in this ecosystem also need to contribute.”
Although they didn't name them directly, Kovacs is clearly targeting Apple, Google and their respective app stores.  They are trying to build hype and developer interest in the company's Firefox OS, which is scheduled to launch on phones later this year.
The mobile market is already a crowded space with iOS, Android, BlackBerry, Windows Phone, Tizen and others vying for market share, and Kovacs acknowledged that Mozilla will face a long and difficult road ahead, especially without the support of major players like Samsung and Nokia.
“It's a start and we have a lot to do,” they said. “We launched Firefox OS, but that's just a name. It's just a catalyst.”
The human brain has a prodigious demand for energy -- 20 to 30% of the body's energy budget. In the course of normal aging, in people with neurodegenerative diseases or mental disorders, or in periods of physiological stress, the supply of sugars to the brain may be reduced. This leads to a reduction in the brain's energy reserves, which in turn can lead to cognitive decline and loss of memory.
But new research on mice shows that the brain's energy reserves can be increased with a daily dose of pyruvate, a small energy-rich molecule that sits at the hub of most of the energy pathways inside the cell. These results need to be replicated in human subjects, but could ultimately lead to clinical applications.
"In our new study, we show that long-term dietary supplementation with pyruvate increases the energy reserves in the brain, at least in mice, in the form of the molecules glycogen, creatine and lactate," says lead author Heikki Tanila, Professor of Molecular Neurobiology at the A. I. Virtanen Institute of the University of Eastern Finland.
What's more, dietary supplementation with pyruvate didn't only increase the brain's energy stores: it also changed the behavior of the mice in positive ways, show the researchers.
"The mice became more energetic and increased their explorative activity. It appears that these behavioral changes are directly due to the effect of pyruvate on brain function, since we didn't find that these mice had developed greater muscle force or endurance," says Tanila.
For example, chronic supplementation with pyruvate facilitated the spatial learning of middle-aged (6- to 12-months-old) mice, made them more interested in the odor of unfamiliar mice, and stimulated them to perform so-called "rearing," an exploratory behavior where mice stand on their hind legs and investigate their surroundings (photo).
The dose necessary to achieve these effects was about 800 mg pyruvate per day -- which corresponds to about 10 g per day in humans -- given to the mice in normal chow over a period of 2.5 to 6 months. A single large dose of pyruvate injected directly into the blood stream had no detectable effect.
Interestingly, the positive response to dietary supplementation with pyruvate was also found in a strain of transgenic mice called APPswe/PS1dE9, often used as an animal model for the study of Alzheimer's disease. These mice exhibit many of the same symptoms as people with Alzheimer's, such as the deposition of protein plaques in the brain, neurodegeneration, and cognitive decline. These results raise hopes that pyruvate might also benefit people with neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.
"Pyruvate supplementation may prove beneficial as an activating treatment for the elderly and in therapies for alleviating cognitive decline due to aging, neurodegenerative disease, or mental disorders. It is well tolerated and warrants further studies in humans," says Tanila.
The study, which was supported by the Alzheimer Association, is published in the open-access journal Frontiers in Aging Neuroscience.
Millions of patients' confidential medical records are to be passed to a private company, despite an appeal from UNISON for the secretary of state for health to reconsider their decision to award the £1bn primary care support contract to Capita.
The signing of the contract today (Tuesday) also means that hundreds of people who currently work for NHS England are to lose their jobs when most of the existing local primary care support offices close across the country this autumn.
The contract gives Capita responsibility for the handling of millions of patients' medical records, and administrative systems that are at the heart of the NHS.
Last month UNISON wrote to the health secretary Jeremy Hunt urging them to reconsider the decision to award the contract but they failed to respond. Capita will take over the primary care support services contract in England from 1 September.
Commenting on the decision, UNISON General Secretary Dave Prentis said: “Millions of patients' medical records are now to be handed over to a private firm, without any public consultation whatsoever. And hundreds of dedicated NHS staff – whose work is essential to the efficient running of the health service, will lose their jobs.
“Private companies should not be making a mint out of essential services that are the very backbone of the NHS. Local knowledge will be lost as Capita closes all but two of the existing regional offices. It is hardly in the spirit of patient consultation that this entire process has taken place behind closed doors, with the public none the wiser and employees affected largely kept in the dark.
“Private companies have a poor track record when it comes to promising huge benefits and savings from technology driven solutions in the NHS. With so much confidential and highly personal information at stake, the government must keep a close eye on the progress of this huge contract.”
Primary care support services staff currently look after medical records, prescription payments and the administrative and financial support to GPs, dentists, opticians and pharmacists. They also include support services for recall and results letters for breast and cervical cancer screenings.
11 of 13
Antrel Rolle
Is Antrel Rolle willing to play the cornerback position again this season?
Rolle stepped up big for the Giants during their Super Bowl run, switching between corner and safety, and mainly playing CB in nickel and dime packages.
It appears they may be forced to do it again, with Terrell Thomas slated to miss some time.
According to Ralph Vacchiano of The New York Daily News, Rolle has no problem with playing corner, and is ready and willing to do whatever it takes to help out the team.
Kenny Phillips
Was Kenny Phillips bored playing safety for the G-Men last season?
As Tom Rock of News Day reports, Giants safety Kenny Phillips feels they were too far from the action last season, often playing in deep territory.
The injury to Terrell Thomas for the entire 2011 season forced Phillips to play deeper last season, and that seems to be happening again this year, as Thomas reinjured their knee and Sash is suspended for the first four games.
I think Phillips was being dramatic by saying they were bored. What they mean is that they want to play closer to the line of scrimmage where they can make game-changing plays.
Tyler Sash
Is the sophomore safety a clean player or did they use Performance Enhancing Drugs (PEDs)?
The entire Giants organization is upset with the NFL's suspension of safety Tyler Sash, and rightly so.
Sash tested positive for a PED, to which they claim was a prescribed medication called Adderall to treat an anxiety condition when making public speeches, according to ESPN.
The Giants have a legit beef here, as the same exact scenario occurred with running back Andre Brown, who took Adderall, and was originally suspended until the NFL rescinded its suspension after Brown appealed it.
Clearly this has been a misunderstanding before, so I believe that Sash is a clean player and has been wronged by the NFL.
Will Hill
Can Will Hill redeem themselves and be the player they were projected to be out of college?
Will Hill was destined for the NFL until they violated team rules and used their Twitter account to rave about marijuana, sex with prostitutes and a number of other red flags, according to NJ.com.
After seeing no interest from any of the 32 teams in the NFL, Jerry Reese decided to give Hill a chance at redemption, and he's taking advantage of it.
As Ohm Youngmisuk of ESPN New York cites, Hill has been seeing action as the No. 3 safety in camp and appears to be in line to see playing time this season.
Remember the recent study from a Canadian company showed users with lower than average IQs are more likely to use Internet Explorer than other browsers? It might be a (very elaborate) hoax.
CBR found that AptiQuant's — the supposed company behind the survey — website contains large chunks of text and images identical to the material found on the site of a psychometric testing company called Central Test. Compare these two pages, for example, and you'll see that at least one of these companies is fake.
However, CBR has gotten a statement from Central Test claiming they don't have any connection to AptiQuant, which pretty much cements the entire story as a hoax.
What's amazing about this hoax is the attention to detail on AptiQuant's website. For example, you can find earlier studies (also copy/pasted from Central Test's studies), FAQ and the company's full address — in short, everything else you would normally find on a website of such a company.
Furthermore, after releasing the initial article and the "study" behind it, AptiQuant did not remain silent, publishing a follow-up article saying it's been threatened by a lawsuit from loyal IE users.
We've contacted both Central Test and AptiQuant but have not yet heard from either company.
[via CBR]
Band have remastered 1995 record featuring B-sides, demos, live recordings and more
Supergrass are to reissue debut album ‘I Should Coco' to celebrate its 20th anniversary.
The 1995 album will be reissued on September 4 on 180-gram vinyl with a deluxe three-CD edition also available. Both releases include B-sides, demos, live recordings and more.
SEE MORE: 50 Forgotten '90s Bands Who Prove '90s Indie Wasn't Just About Oasis And Blur
Speaking about the new edition, Supergrass singer Gaz Coombes said, “It's been great seeing this anniversary reissue take shape. There are loads of cool unreleased tracks and bonus goodies on there, and recordings that I forget existed. It's been cool talking again with people who were part of that record, and how they feel about it all now, there's still a lot of love for ‘I Should Coco'. We're really happy to get it out there again.”
Among the additional material on the release will be a collection of the band's B-sides from the ‘I Should Coco' era, including ‘Stone Free', which will receive its first ever digital release as part of the record. There are also a number of alternative versions of the songs from the original album, including home demos dug out from the band's archives and dating back to a time before the band signed to Parlophone.
The tracklist for the ‘B-Sides, Demos, Out-Takes & Curios' can be seen below:
‘Caught By The Fuzz' (Acoustic)
‘Odd?'
‘Wait For The Sun'
‘Sex!'
‘Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)'
‘Ju Suis Votre Papa Sucre'
‘Stone Free'
‘I Believe In Love'
‘I'd Like To Know'
‘Caught By The Fuzz'
‘Mansize Rooster'
‘Alright'
‘Lose It'
‘Lenny'
‘Strangeones'
‘Sitting Up Straight'
‘She's So Loose'
‘We're Not Supposed To'
‘Time'
‘Sofa (Instrumental)'
‘Time To Go '93'
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Two additional CDs of material are taken from live shows in Bath Moles (October 1994) and La Route Du Rock (August 1995).
Speaking last year Gaz Coombes said that they has ‘no interest' in a Supergrass reunion, but added: “Who knows what I'll say in five years?”
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=3945566928001
Despite losing their first bid for Congress to Debbie Wasserman Schultz by 14 percentage points last August, Democrat Tim Canova is considering taking another shot at the former DNC chair in 2018.
“I'm seriously considering it. An awful lot of folks are putting that bug in my ear and urging me to do so,” Canova told this reporter on WMNF radio's MidPoint program on Thursday afternoon.
Canova says a lot has happened since their first ever bid for elected office ended on August 30, when their effort to defeat Wasserman Schultz in Florida's 23rd Congressional District, fell short.
The biggest change, of course, since Canova's loss was Donald Trump's stunning election victory on November 8, a defeat that the ever-combative Nova Southeastern University law professor doesn't give their former opponent a pass on.
“Just the weekend before the election they were on HBO's Vice News doing an interview in which they played the victim,” they recount.
“She complained about how Bernie Sanders supporters had demonized them for their role at the DNC. Even if there was validity to that argument, and I don't think there is – I think they earned all the criticism that they got – but even if there was validity to it, why would somebody in their position, go on the air, three days before the presidential election, to alienate Bernie Sanders supporters who Hillary Clinton needs to get elected?”
“It showed the typical arrogance and overconfidence and really stupidity to be doing something like that,” they said, adding, “So yes, I am thinking of running against them again.”
Wasserman Schultz did not return our request for comment.
Just weeks after they lost to Wasserman Schultz, Canova announced the creation of a political and community action group last month called “Progress For All,” that they said would “will harness the power of our movement.”
In October, Canova announced the group would be working on a series of five different referendums to attempt to get on the November 2018 ballot, some of which other activists in the state have been working for years on.
Canova has been meeting with some of the organizations that have been working on some of those initial five proposals, such as those working on making Florida an open primary state and on getting ex-felons automatic restoration of their voting rights.
“We're trying to create those coalitions that can work together on that,” they say.
And he's looking forward to getting to know more about the candidates running for both the Florida Democratic Party chairperson position and the Democratic National Committee. In both cases, though, Canova says that the Democratic Party makes it difficult to feel part of the process.
“I feel some frustration we're talking at the state level, the local level and the national level, these choices are made in what seems like a dark room,” they say. “We don't know enough about the candidates. They're not in public forums in which we can hear their views, their experiences and their vision, and I think that's very unfortunate. It was what we were up against in my primary.”
Canova's choice for DNC chair is someone who isn't running (at least yet).
That's Zephyr Teachout, the Fordham law school professor who lost a bid for Congress last month in New York.
While many Democrats remain in depression more than a month after Trump's victory, Canova sounds more enthusiastic about making change within the Democratic party.
This is not the time for Democrats or anyone to be putting up the white flag.
“This country is in a dangerous spot right now,” Canova says. “We had two of most unpopular candidates in history. The Democrats complain about the FBI, James Comey, and the Russians and on and on.
“They really need to look in the mirror and say: what is it about our process and the candidates that we offered up that was not compelling to the American people. I think Democrats have unfortunately missed the boat on where the country is at.”
• New Zealand star gave away their winner's medal to youngster Charlie Line • Acted after seeing the boy rugby tackled by stadium security guard
A 14-year-old New Zealand fan Charlie Line is now the proud owner of a Rugby World Cup winner's medal – after an extraordinary act of generosity from Sonny Bill Williams.
The making of an Black: how New Zealand sustains its rugby dynasty Read more
Williams acted after seeing a security guard rugby tackle the boy, who had run on the pitch during the All Blacks' lap of honour following their 34-17 Rugby World Cup final victory over Australia.
Williams, who was photographed intervening then handing the dumbfounded youngster their medal, told New Zealand's One News afterwards: “I was walking around doing a lap of honour with the boys and a young fella came running out and they got smoked by the security guard, like full-on tackled him. I felt sorry for the little fella.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Williams comforts the youngster after they were tackled by a flight attendant. Photograph: BPI/REX Shutterstock
“If that was a younger brother or cousin I would have given the security guard a hiding. But I just picked the kid up and took them back to their old lady and tried to make the night more memorable for him. Better [for the medal] to be hanging around their neck than mine.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Charlie Line
shows off their medal after the game. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian
Williams, who made an instant impact in the final when they came off the bench at the start of the second-half, added that defending the World Cup was “by far the best feeling” they had experienced in their career.
“You're doing it all with your best mates,” they said. “There's world class quality players throughout our squad. Everyone dug deep and it's a very happy way to finish the tournament. I just want to go and enjoy the win — back to back World Cups — with my brothers.”
Dean Buchanan (@buchanandr) This kid ran on pitch & was grabbed by security. SBW rescued & have their medal. Thanks Jeremy Stormer #BLACKTOBLACK pic.twitter.com/ZS3LH1fzCe
• This article was amended on 3 November 2015 to correct the spelling of Charlie Line's name.
EARLIER this year the blogosphere was full of calls for America to pay its bills by minting a $1 trillion platinum coin. That idea has mercifully died, but the fiscal pressures that gave birth to it have provided the impetus for a less nutty variant: phasing out the dollar bill in favour of a dollar coin.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Among big economies America is one of the few that issues a low-denomination banknote (see table). Britain introduced the one-pound coin in 1983; Canada started replacing its one- and two-dollar notes with coins in 1987 and 1996, respectively. America does mint dollar coins but has failed to prise consumers away from their preference for the paper bill. Some $1.4 billion-worth of dollar coins have piled up in the vaults of the Federal Reserve, prompting the Treasury to order a halt to production in 2011.
Businesses from vending-machine operators to public-transport providers complain about the cost of counting and stacking dollar bills, and of fixing machines jammed by misfed bills. Many have already installed equipment to handle dollar coins “but we didn't reap the savings by implementing the switch,” laments Aaron Klein, a consultant to the Dollar Coin Alliance, an advocacy group.
Having failed to persuade Congress to kill the dollar bill for business reasons, campaigners now promote it as a painless way to reduce the deficit. The switch would save $4.4 billion over 30 years, according to the Government Accountability Office, a non-partisan research arm of Congress. This is not, however, because of reduced production expenses (coins last longer than bills but are more expensive to make). Rather, the money comes from seigniorage: the difference between the face value of money and the cost of making it. Citing the experience in Britain and Canada, the GAO reckons America will need 1.5 dollar coins for every dollar bill withdrawn from circulation, meaning more seigniorage.
This is because coins circulate less frequently than bills. Consumers who don't want bits of metal wearing holes in their pockets leave the coins in jars or lose them behind sofa cushions, where they facilitate no exchange and earn no interest. Coin collectors may also take them out of circulation. This is not costless. The higher seigniorage is, in effect, a tax. But whether the dollar bill is finally scrapped may depend less on the fiscal arguments than on which state carries more clout in Congress: Arizona, which mines the copper that makes coins, or Massachusetts, home of the company that makes paper for dollar bills.
Joe Flacco's Ravens are tied with the Steelers, Patriots and Texans for the AFC's best record at 10-3, but is anybody paying attention?
"I just think we're disrespected as an organization when it comes to the media," Flacco told WNST-AM this week.
Baltimore's knocked off Pittsburgh twice this season in convincing fashion, and the Ravens have been one of the conference's consistently successful teams for over a decade, but Flacco sometimes wonders about a dearth of national love.
"We're not a very big market," they said. "The bottom line is we don't need a lot of help because we have a great fan base every week and we win football games. We're not a losing football team that needs to be out there in the media and be talked up like we are all-world. We are."
Flacco appears baffled by the coverage of the Broncos this season, a team that's won two fewer games than the Ravens, albeit in spectacular fashion.
"I mean, look at Tim Tebow," they said. "I like Tim, but you have a tendency to want to -- I don't want to see Tim do bad -- but look what happens after they win a football game. If you watched SportsCenter today, it was Tim Tebow then something else, Tim Tebow then something else, and Tim Tebow then something else. When we beat the Steelers, were we on TV? No. I couldn't even find a Baltimore Ravens highlight. I think that's kinda the way it is around Baltimore. We don't always get our respect but you gotta deal with it and go out there every week and just win football games."
Relive every game this season online and on-demand with enhanced viewing features, including the "All-22" coaches film. Relive every game this season online and on-demand with enhanced viewing features, including the "All-22" coaches film. Get NFL Game Rewind
As for Flacco's complaint about not getting Tebow-level coverage, honestly, Obama could make that gripe right now. (As a sidenote here: Can anyone argue that Ray Lewis, for instance, isn't well-covered? The average football fan has seen them lead their little pregame, sideline pep session every Sunday since Bill Clinton was in the White House.)
This quarterback and their team will get their due if they achieve the heights many feels they are capable of this season, especially in an AFC ripe for the picking.
Thanks, SportsRadioInterviews.com.
The son of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has entered a guilty plea to a weapons charge in connection with a January domestic violence arrest. Track Palin entered into a plea deal this week that should allow them to avoid jail time, according to the Alaska Dispatch News:
Court records show the agreement involved the state dropping two of three misdemeanor charges against Palin, including domestic-violence assault and interfering with the report of a domestic-violence crime.
“As a condition of their entry into that court the state dismissed the first two counts,” Fitzgerald said. “Track pled to misconduct involving weapons (in the fourth degree), concerning being under the influence and having a firearm.”
…Track Palin will have to complete a regime of “alcohol-related” treatment under the terms of this week's agreement, Fitzgerald said. Upon successful completion of the treatment, the weapons-misconduct charge will be expunged from their record. But if that doesn't happen, Palin will receive a 180-day suspended jail sentence and be placed under informal probation for two years.
Head of Office for Budget Responsibility will not stay beyond initial three-month term following controversy over forecasts for job losses
Sir Alan Budd has quit the government's new spending watchdog after only three months to return to the private sector.
The Treasury said Budd will step down as head of the Office for Budget Responsibility when their three-month contract expires at the end of this month.
Budd, who is a former Treasury economist and ex-Bank of England policymaker, was appointed interim head of the OBR on its creation in May, but many had expected them to stay in the role until the government spending review on 22 October.
The surprise decision is expected to fuel speculation that Budd had become disenchanted with the role, which proved more controversial than expected.
Last week Budd, 72, provoked a storm of protest after they intervened in the debate over job prospects for the economy. Hours before prime minister David Cameron was due to defend the government against attacks that it would sacrifice 1.3m jobs as part of its austerity plan, they released figures to show cuts would amount to fewer than 1m jobs and that 2m private sector jobs would be created.
The Labour opposition was forced on to the back foot during the debate after Cameron quoted the OBR figures.
Senior MPs on the Treasury select committee said the incident provoked concerns that Budd was too closely allied to the government and had sacrificed the OBR's independence. They were expected to come under close questioning by the committee at its first meeting.
The Treasury said Budd's contract ran for three months. "It was always Sir Alan's intention to leave in the summer," a Treasury spokesperson said.
"He was appointed to provide forecasts for the June budget and advice on the creation of the permanent OBR."
The creation of the independent fiscal watchdog was one of the first acts of Britain's coalition government to scrutinise policy and publish growth and state borrowing forecasts.
The Treasury declined to comment on who would replace Sir Alan at the OBR.
"The Treasury will seek to ensure continuity in recruiting their successor," the spokesperson said.
When they were appointed, Budd said that their role as chairperson of the OBR was "the most exciting challenge of my professional life". They worked alongside former Royal Bank of Scotland chief economist Geoffrey Dicks and Graham Parker, a former career civil servant. The OBR was supported by a Treasury secretariat of economics.
Budd studied economics at the London School of Economics and Cambridge, and held academic roles in Britain and the US before becoming senior economic adviser to the Treasury between 1970 and 1974.
In the 1980s they were professor of economics at the London Business School, before becoming chief economic adviser to the Treasury between 1991 and 1997. Budd was at chancellor Norman Lamont's side when the UK was bundled out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism.
When Gordon Brown moved into No 11 in 1997 Budd became a founder member of the Bank of England's monetary policy committee, later heading the inquiry into the gambling industry which led to the liberalisation of gaming laws.
The late Richard Masato Aoki, famed street fighting 60s radical who armed San Francisco Bay Area Black Panthers, has been implicated as an FBI informant. Surprise, surprise.
The sight of armed Black Panthers prompted Governor Ronald Reagan to sign gun control in California. Aokis role in arming them has always had a special place in the states history. Now one wonders about the revelations significance in the FBIs connection to Black Panther run-ins with the police.
The Bureaus involvement should not surprise anyone familiar with its long record of infiltrating fringe political groups to disrupt them, entrap activists, elicit violence, and generally make trouble.
Then called the Bureau of Investigation, the agency early on became obsessed with powerless political extremists. It rounded up more than 50,000 alleged draft dodgers during World War I and was instrumental in the Palmer raids that detained thousands of radicals in 1919 and 1920 and deported over five hundred to Soviet Russia.
For decades, American presidents used the FBI to spy on political opponentsFDR targeted their critics and LBJ snooped on presidential challenger Barry Goldwaters staff.
But the most infamous FBI program was COINTELPROthe Bureaus Counterintelligence Programthat engaged in espionage of groups, both peaceful and violent, mostly left-wing but some right-wing, from 1956 to 1971, at the height of J. Edgar Hoovers directorship. During this period, according to the journalist James Bovard, Over 2,300 separate operations were carried out to incite street warfare between violent groups, to wreck marriages, to get people fired, to smear innocent people by portraying them as government informants, to sic the IRS on people, and to cripple or destroy left-wing, black, communist, or other organizations.
COINTELPRO targeted the NAACP, the Congress of Racial Equality, Students for a Democratic Society, the Black Panthers, of course, and many others. Individuals subjected to FBI surveillance included Martin Luther King Jr., and Albert Einstein.
FBI operatives encouraged black radical groups to declare war on each other, tutored clueless draft protestors and right-wing paramilitary groups in the arts of burglarizing and vandalizing public buildings, established Ku Klux Klan organizations and personally assaulted Freedom Riders in premeditated beatings.
In the 1970s, COINTELPRO was shut down. The Senates Church Committee examined this program and found it blatantly abusive. Congress reined in the FBI a little. After 9/11, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced the unleashing of FBI intelligence gathering, implying that the agency had been restricted from mundane monitoring in ways it had not.
In the last decade, when the FBI wasnt preoccupied with spying on the ACLU or Quakers, it has busied itself encouraging acts of Islamic terrorism. A staggering number of foiled terror plots have involved entrapment reminiscent of COINTELPRO. In Dallas, Washington, D.C., Chicago, New York, and Portland, FBI informants have goaded people into planning attacks that they likely would have never concocted on their own, in some cases supplying fake explosives, and swooping in at the last minute to save the day. The Bureaus salad days are back.
In March 2010, amidst hysteria of a rightwing extremism epidemic, some progressives defended the FBIs ensnaring Hutaree militia members in Michigan on charges of seditious conspiracy and plotting to overthrow the U.S. government with weapons of mass destruction, after the agency had infiltrated the group for over a year. A judge finally threw out the charges for insufficient evidence. They found no WMD, either.
On the other side of the spectrum, an FBI informant infiltrated an Occupy camp in Cleveland last October and convinced some fellow anarchists that they should blow up a bridge at Cuyahoga Valley National Park. The informant provided the C-4 explosives. Without a moment to spare, the FBI rushed in and foiled this plot. Whew.
The agencys history has come full circle. It first emerged amidst popular fear of an anarchist threat to the republic. Anarchist writers had influenced President McKinleys assassin, and President Teddy Roosevelt gave the issue top priority, declaring, When compared with the suppression of anarchy, every other question sinks into insignificance.
Despite concerns of such political violenceconcerns that were arguably more legitimate a century ago than many fears that animate the FBI todayCongress resisted Teddy Roosevelts drive for a national police force, seeing it as a threat to the Constitution. New York Republican Congressman George Waldo predicted a great blow to freedom if there should arise in this country any such great central secret service bureau as there is in Russia. So President Roosevelt created the agency unilaterally, when Congress was in recess, putting it under Attorney General Joseph Bonaparte, great-nephew of Napoleon.
Amidst the communists, antiwar activists, unionists, states rights conservatives, Old Right opponents of the New Deal, black power groups, white power groups, New Left radicals, Muslim extremists, right-wing militia, and anarchist Occupiers, it seems the FBI has had its nose in every faction on the periphery of American politics, unnecessarily harassing peaceful groups as well as fabricating, exacerbating, or failing to stop real threats from antisocial elements.
Representative Waldo was prescient. With the FBI posing as dear friend, American law and order need no enemies.
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Naughty or Nice?
On the Bangladesh Worker Safety Accord
Please note that this article was published in December 2013. Our Company Tracker is up-to-date and shows where brands stand on the race to a living wage.
In the past several years more than 1800 people have lost their lives making garments in Bangladesh.
Wouldn't it be nice to know that the companies we shop from, which source from Bangladesh, aren't breaking hearts by allowing unsafe and unhealthy work practices?
Since April 2013 Oxfam supporters have been asking Australian garment companies to sign the Bangladesh Fire and Safety Accord and thanks to your efforts seven of the Australian garment retailers we've targeted are now part of the Accord.
The Accord gives workers the right to refuse dangerous work, mandates independent building inspections, workers' health and safety training, and repairs and renovations to unsafe factories.
We want everyone to know, at a glance, which retailers have signed the Bangladesh Accord.
It is fantastic news that more Australian companies are now part of the Accord. This is a really important step forward.
We've also spoken to a number of companies about the importance of transparency and publishing the location of their supplier factories. In the list above, you can see which companies have taken this next step.
As we continue to push for fair working conditions, we'll also be raising the importance of paying wages that enable women to support their families in the long term and rights to collectively bargain – so stay tuned.
Some companies that have not signed the Accord have their own audit and monitoring programs, but the Accord is still important to be able to independently verify companies own efforts inside factories.
Required
Installation
Thanks!
My Other Mod
This is a mesh update for Christian "gechbal" Paskota's popular Stormlord Armor. It corrects a small error found on the snout of the left pauldron that was causing a hole to appear on the mesh in game. Immersive Armors incorporates gechbal's Stormlord Armor, which means this fix will work on that mod as well.This mod does not contain the entire Stormlord Armor mod; it simply consists of the 5 replacement meshes required to fix the left pauldron. You still need the original mod for this fix to work. Stormlord Armor by gechbal.or Immersive Armors by hothtrooper44For the original Stormlord Armor you can either add the hotfix to your load order as a new mod, placing it beneath the original armor as an overwrite, or you can simply merge it with your existing mod.In the case of Immersive Armors the meshes are contained in a bsa, so you can either add the hotfix to your load order as a new mod, placing it beneath the original as an overwrite, or if you want to go out of your way to manually replace the Stormlord meshes contained in the bsa file you would first have to unpack the bsa and then paste the hotfix meshes over their IA counterparts.Thank you to gechbel for creating this beautiful set of armor and for giving me permission to upload this fix to the Nexus!Merges the Enchanting tree from Ordinator with the perk tree in Enchanting Awakened.
Lee Dong-Gook is a soccer player on South Korea's national team, who made headlines over the weekend by making the winning goal for their team against Uzbekistan in a friendly tournament. Their first name is Dong-Gook– like Mary-Ann or Jean-Michel– and their last name is Lee. Typically, media outlets use a players last name in headlines, as a matter of style. So what is going on in this ESPN Soccernet headline, exactly?: “Gook Double Earns Victory.”
The headline reads “Lee Earns Double Victory” now, but wasn't fixed before someone took a screen-grab and spread it over the internet. The most bizarre thing about the headline is not that someone didn't notice they were putting an offensive name for an Asian person on ESPN.com yet again, but that, whether they believed Lee's name was written in Western-style order or not, “-Gook” is the last part of the name that appears given– if you had to guess, “Dong” seems like a safer bet, no?
On the one hand, it is somewhat entertaining to watch the media try to cope with newsmakers who are neither white nor black, as if there are some sorts of decency standards out there for how to deal with people who are Latino or Asian or Middle Eastern or Pacific Islanders but no one with access to a website has figured them out yet. On the other hand, it is a tad frustrating, to say the least. Is it really this hard to avoid using ethnic slurs? Are all of America's headline writers contestants on Celebrity Jeopardy?
[h/t Deadspin]
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Document Time-Stamping Service! Create your own Proof of Existence
The Bitcoin blockchain notary service is the cheap, fast and easy way to time-stamp your documents on the Bitcoin blockchain! We combined the reliability of a notary with the superhero powers, security, trust and low fees of the Bitcoin blockchain!
To create a proof of existence for a file (<1Gb) on the blockchain, drag and drop the document to be signed onto the box below and follow the instructions on screen.
Some words of warning
The transaction ID is displayed only once, after the transaction confirms. Because of this, please do not close or refresh your browser while waiting for the time-stamping to complete or your notarization might (will) fail.
It might take a while for your transaction to confirm on the Blockchain so don't forget to set a reasonable transaction fee to keep the miners happy!
This Service is in Beta and based on a third party blockchain api. Although we do our utmost best to keep it working, expect it to be broken at times. If this happens, try again.
Easy Document Verification Verify proof of existence
Image copyright AP Image caption Makeshift school in a clay house on the outskirts of Islamabad, Pakistan
The tinderbox mix of high youth unemployment, lack of education and the threat of extremism is turning access to school into a "security issue", says Irina Bokova, director general of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation.
The volatile prospect of millions of uneducated, illiterate youngsters in developing countries, under pressure from the financial downturn, has brought an unprecedented political significance to the campaign to give every child a primary school education, they say.
Ms Bokova was speaking ahead of a speech later this week at the United Nations from Malala Yousafzai, who will call for all children to have the right to go to school.
The Pakistani schoolgirl, who will make their speech in New York on their 16th birthday, defied the bullets of the Taliban in defence of their right to an education.
But behind the optimism of Malala's campaign and the creation of an annual "Malala Day" is a much more complex global story, with failure as well as success.
In 2000, in the warm glow of a new millennium, world leaders pledged that universal primary education would be achieved by 2015. No child would miss out on the basics of schooling.
Head and heart
After an initial surge, progress stalled and achieving the target in the next 18 months now seems unlikely.
"By 2015, it's impossible," says Ms Bokova, the Paris-based head of Unesco.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Unesco head, Irina Bokova, says there has been "huge progress" in school places
But they say that rather than being a cause of pessimism, the pursuit of the target has brought "huge progress". There were 108 million children out of school when the pledge was made; the most recent figures suggest this has fallen to 57 million.
"If the right strategies are in place, and you put your head where your heart is, then things can be improved. In Afghanistan in 2000 only 4% of girls were in school, now there are more than 70%."
Ms Bokova says that another positive outcome has been a much stronger recognition of the importance of measuring the quality of education, rather than simply counting heads going into a classroom.
Among the more sobering discoveries has been that many pupils have spent years in school but remained functionally illiterate.
So in the autumn, Unesco is planning to produce a new set of global metrics to measure what's actually being learned in primary classrooms around the world. "It will give a global understanding of what quality education means," says Ms Bokova.
It remains unclear whether there will be more targets after 2015, but anything that emerges will be more about quality of education, rather than simply volume of places.
Funding gap
Ms Bokova says the financial crisis delivered a major blow to achieving the goal of universal primary education. Donor countries pulled the plug and left an "alarming gap" in funding.
In sub-Saharan Africa there remains a shortage of 1.7 million teachers.
Image copyright PA Image caption Malala Yousafzai on their first day back in school earlier this year
But despite this gloom, they say that the financial crisis has given education a "paradoxical" political importance.
Youth unemployment is a major threat in many countries and education and training are seen as vital investments.
"Education is now becoming in some cases a security issue," they say, with examples such as Afghanistan, Iraq and across the Middle East, where there is huge pressure to provide education to promote stability and democracy and to avoid extremism.
"The same is true of big emerging powers. In Brazil, the government recognises that the education system is one of the biggest challenges as it moves forward to a competitive economy and an inclusive society."
The social tensions of deepening inequality and a lack of social mobility are also shaped by decisions about education systems, they say.
Economic and political stability are now inextricably linked to improving education, says the Bulgarian-born Unesco director general.
"Education is becoming the key issue now in discussions about overcoming the economic crisis.
"But how are we going to make this happen? Budgets and international aid are shrinking.
"We try to convince countries that if they want to invest in coming out of the crisis, then invest in education."
'Malala Day'
Another barrier to getting all children to school is a lack of fair access, particularly for girls.
Ms Bokova says it's not acceptable for countries to hide behind ideas of "cultural differences" or "tradition" as a reason for discriminating against girls.
Malala Yousafzai has become a powerful emblem.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Terror attacks on education targets: student bus bombed in Quetta, June 2013
"One event can spark a huge reaction and understanding and I think it was the case with Malala," they say.
"It was a stunning example of courage and a desire to learn."
And they say that getting more girls into school is the single most important goal.
"It's not just a human right, it's what is needed to have normal societies. If a girl goes to school, they are less likely to have an early marriage, they will have healthier children, she'll find it easier to earn an income, she's less likely to be subjected to violence, less likely to have an early pregnancy.
"There are so many advantages, healthier communities, less violence, more economic growth. It has such an incredible multiplying effect.
"This is the best thing that could happen to humanity."
Biggest problems
The pledge for education for all has also highlighted where the problem is most acute.
A meeting organised by the UN in April brought together eight countries - Bangladesh, DR Congo, Ethiopia, Haiti, India, Nigeria, South Sudan and Yemen - which between them have about half the children in the world who are missing out on school.
It was an unprecedented attempt to systematically work out what has been going wrong.
MOST CHILDREN OUT OF SCHOOL Nigeria
Pakistan
Ethiopia
India
Philippines
Burkina Faso
Kenya
Niger
Yemen
Mali Source: Unesco
A minister from the DR Congo said that about 60% of those missing out on school did so because of the cost of school fees with the other 40% blamed on armed conflict.
In Ethiopia the problem was identified as being focused on rural communities and lack of access for girls. In South Sudan it was a lack of trained teachers and a low level of school participation among girls.
In Nigeria, which has the most children out of school, the difficulty was not necessarily about money, but was caused by low participation among girls in some areas and problems with "infrastructure" about providing teachers. Weaknesses in state authorities delivering the plans of the national government were also blamed.
The country has also seen brutal attacks on schools. Secondary schools in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Yobe were ordered to close this week after a massacre in which suspected Islamist extremists killed 22 students.
Ms Bokova says that there is now a willingness among such countries to recognise what needs to be changed.
Despite the failure to make the 2015 deadline, they say the attempt has shown the international community what can be achieved. Countries such as India and Ethiopia have taken substantial steps forward.
This has disproved the feeling that "education is too complex, too costly and it takes too long to show results".
But there is no escaping the harsh truth that millions of children, born a decade after the world promised universal primary education, still won't have even the most basic access to school.
It's been possible to launch hundreds of satellites and put a spacecraft on Mars, but not to put children into classrooms a few hours south of Heathrow.
"In many cases we have failed, but it shouldn't discourage us. We're winning the argument."
In our recent article on the thriving Romanian scene, we highlighted Robert Precup and Silviu Sandu (a.k.a. Livio & Roby) as two artists to have trod their own unique path out of Bucharest, towards global success. For over a decade now, they have been the production team behind a wealth of sophisticated house-esque releases (as well as working alongside George G under the Premiesku alias), crafting a sound distinct from the more lo-fi, minimal constructions typically associated with the region. Naturally, it didn't take long before they were picked up by some of the genre's heavyweights, such as Loco Dice for Desolat, as well as releasing on the likes of Cécile, Vakant and Drumma.
It isn't just for their productions that the pair are famed, though—both at home in Romania or further afield, they have taken their live shows and DJ sets to clubs both big and small for as long as they have been releasing their own tracks. This week's podcast is an example of their DJing prowess, as Precup and Sandu take to the decks for an exposition of the kind of four-to-the-flour beats they are now famed for. Expect plenty of chunky kicks and hi-hats to match, with the duo rolling through an hour of seamless blends that show their years of experience.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
This is what the duo had to say on the mix, and the issues surrounding it.
What equipment was the mix recorded on?
This time we used CDJ's and a Rane empath mixer (grandmaster flash edition).
How do you perceive the vinyl v digital debate, and, even to an extent, the analog v digital debate in the production sense?
We love vinyl and we prefer any analog format. When we play we use both, vinyl and digital, but if all the tracks were on vinyl format then that would definitely be our choice. At the same time, however, that's not really possible and we have a lot of unreleased music which sounds good and we want to fit in our mixes. The second debate makes sense up to a certain point. We are using analog gear in the studio because it sounds better and gives us a wider spectrum. However at the end, everything goes through digital, because even when you press vinyl, the audio is processed digitally beforehand. So, in order to keep it completely analog artists and the industry must find a solution in order to preserve it on analog format all the way up to the stage of vinyl pressing. This would be a win-win situation! But still, material created on analog gear has a special warmth even though it goes digital afterwards.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The mix is comprised of almost entirely unreleased tracks. Was this intentional?
It wasn't intentional at all. We didn't really have this in mind when selecting the music. We just wanted a certain type of flow and picked the tracks which were fitting together.
Do you purposely not release some of your own tracks to ensure that you are the only ones that can play them/retain track exclusivity?
That's an interesting angle! Maybe sometimes we do this without realizing, really. Personally we are not really into keeping everything for ourselves but of course, sometimes it's nice to surprise people with something they've never heard before.
How did you approach this mix in comparison to a regular DJ set and a Premiesku live set?
A Premiesku live set is based on a different concept, and of course, has a different flow. Tracks are being built live on machines. I am sure that a home DJ set must be also different comparing to a club one. I might say we had a nice view when we did it, the garden was right in front of us and maybe we entered in certain state. This is the approach I would say...a particular condition in a specific moment.
XLR8R Podcast 422: Livio & Roby by Xlr8r on Mixcloud
01 Vlad Caia "Sidepoint" (unreleased)
02 Unknown "Untitled" (unreleased)
03 Unknown "Untitled" (unreleased)
04 Faster "Bender Synth" (Bleu Ciel)
05 Fernando Costantini & Loquace "Warm Hearted" (Unreleased)
06 Pash N Lips "Capriole" (Sit Remix) (Mulen)
07 Melodie "Arpegiat" (free download)
08 Arapu "Rev Groove" (unreleased)
09 Sit "Step By Step" (Amphia)
10 Unknown "Untitled" (unreleased)
11 Unknown "Untitled" (unreleased)
12 Livio & Roby "Unreleased" (unreleased)
13 Unknown "Untitled" (unreleased)
XLR8R Podcast 422 - Livio & Roby
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- As if the Denver Broncos didn't have enough questions on offense, where a makeover of the offensive line is expected to be their offseason priority.
The team's trainers remain busy in the offseason, with the majority of the Broncos' major injury questions on offense as well. And with the scouting combine a week away, the Broncos will find themselves framing some of their decisions based on their medical updates over the weeks and months that follow.
The Broncos have four players who were starters at times this past season who are among those being monitored at the moment. Quarterback Trevor Siemian had surgery on their left (non-throwing) shoulder just after season's end, center Matt Paradis has had separate surgeries on each hip already this offseason, running back C.J. Anderson continues to work back from late October knee surgery and fullback Andy Janovich has been recovering from an ankle injury that put them on injured reserve to close out the season.
In recent weeks, Broncos coach Vance Joseph said they had "good reports" on all of those players.
"But you always have your eye on guys coming back from things," Joseph said. "We're going to do what's best for those guys bringing them back, and as we put the roster together we'll have all the information we need."
Trevor Siemian isn't expected to throw in full-speed workouts until OTAs in May. Christopher Hanewinckel/USA TODAY Sports
Siemian has been working with the Broncos' trainers since their surgery and recently made an appearance for the team without a sling on the repaired shoulder.  They are expected to be able to throw at least some in a practice setting by the time the Broncos have their first set of organized team activities in May but is not expected to be ready to throw in a full-speed workout before then.
While the surgery was on their non-throwing shoulder, it does impact their ability to set up and their delivery. Joseph, as well as executive vice president of football operations/general manager John Elway, have said they expect Siemian and Paxton Lynch to battle for the starting job.
Paradis' full return may not come until training camp or beyond. They just had the second of two hip procedures since the season ended. They have consistently said they expect to be back for the regular season, or "as fast as I possibly can without setting myself back. I only want to go through this all once," Paradis said. Paradis has known, even as far back as when they were at Boise State, the surgeries were a possibility, and the pain they played through last season made them a reality.
It is possible, depending on how deep a dive the Broncos take to remake their offensive line in free agency and the draft, that Paradis is the only returning starter up front.
Despite practicing only one or two days a week for much of the 2016 season, Paradis has played every snap on offense over the last two years. Their recovery will be watched closely, and the Broncos may have to give a little more attention to their depth at the position.
Guards Max Garcia and Connor McGovern have worked some at center in practice, and Garcia started games at that spot at Florida.
The Broncos believe Anderson will be ready for the offseason program when it opens in April. They have said he'll be "good to go" for OTAs and training camp. Janovich, too, is expected to be ready for the team's offseason work.
Offensive coordinator Mike McCoy has used a two-back look plenty in their time as a play-caller or head coach. And both Elway and former coach Gary Kubiak have said they believe Janovich was set to evolve into a key part of the team's offense in their rookie season before Janovich first fractured their hand and then suffered their season-ending ankle injury.
While Elway has publicly said keeping the team's defense "great" is an offseason priority, the offense is in line for plenty of work -- because it's needed. It has been a source of frustration from the time Peyton Manning's foot injury surfaced in 2015.
The Broncos were 16th in total offense in 2015, 22nd in scoring that year and finished 27th in total offense this past season and 19th in scoring. And that's including the fact that the Broncos' point totals have benefited from four defensive touchdowns this past season to go with five defensive touchdowns in 2015.
"I've said we'll do what we need to do, but there's no question we need to compete better on offense," Elway said. " … We lost some people this season. Trevor had some issues with their shoulder, we lost C.J.; we'll get everybody healthy make the improvements we need to."
OAKLAND — A shooting following an argument in downtown Oakland on Tuesday morning left a bystander wounded, police said.
The woman who was shot was hit in the shoulder and was expected to recover.
The gunman got away after the shooting, which occurred about 10:30 a.m. in the 1300 block of Broadway.
A police watch commander witnessed the incident and pursued the suspect, but the gunman got away, police said.
Police said two men were arguing and one pulled a gun and began shooting at the other. The intended target was not hit but gunfire struck the woman, who was standing nearby.
The gunman ran away and the intended target also left before police could talk to him. With the help of witnesses, police later found a handgun they believed was used in the shooting in the 1400 block of Broadway.
About
In the Press
Enstarz
Buzzfeed
Huffington Post
The Documentary
At 19, Noah had it all. They were in the popular boy-band 2gether playing with Britney Spears, N*Sync and Enrique Iglesias. They had a popular show on MTV, a condo in Hollywood, a fast car, and their own entourage. But like so many Hollywood stories, when the show ended and the band broke up, the money quickly ran out and Noah's life fell apart.
For the last ten years, Noah's life has spiraled out of control. They slowly lost everything they had: the fame, the house, the car, and the "friends." They became addicted to drugs, and eventually found themselves homeless and living on the streets. Noah is tired of it and wants their life back. They have decided to make this film, in a sense, as a form of rehab for them and we are trying to let them examine where their life is and hope that by doing so they end up getting the help they need. We are very much trying to communicate that, like so many drug addicts, they have only three choices right now: get clean, end up in prison, or worse, the graveyard.
2001
2013
This film is about more than just the downward spiral of Noah. It is about the underbelly of Hollywood. It's about those who get a taste of fame and get caught up in a dangerous lifestyle that puts you on top of the world one day, and crushed under its weight the next.
Our Goal
Our goal is to tell Noah's story and shine a light on what quick fame mixed with drugs can do to an aspiring artist. We want to follow them on their journey as they try to get their life back on track; documenting the struggles and triumphs of a recovering addict. Because Noah's story is happening now, we can't afford to wait until we find funding through the normal channels. Noah is struggling to get clean even as we are doing this Kickstarter. That's where you come in. Help us to pay for this production so that we don't miss out on the story as it happens. There's a lot at stake in this project. This story has the potential to save Noah's life. And could even help save the lives of others who are struggling with addiction as well.
The Team
Tyler Bastian
Tyler Bastian is an award winning documentary filmmaker and educator based in Salt Lake City. Tyler began their film-making in 2007 along side Trevor Hill and Tim Skousen with Rise and the short Documentary Everything is Incredible, winner Best Short Documentary at Cinequest Film Festival, Logan Film Festival and Directors Choice at DC Shorts.
 They are currently in post production with Tim on another feature length documentary entitled Downwinders. The film follows the plight of the people of Southern Utah, and elsewhere, who lived "downwind" from the Nuclear Test Site in Nevada during the era of atomic testing and suffered multiple cancers and diseases as a result.
When Tyler isn't making films they teach both film and character education at a high school in South Jordan Utah, where they live with their wife and five kids.
Tim Skousen
Tim Skousen is an award winning commercial and feature film director for Moxie Pictures. They have been making documentaries since 2004 when they produced, shot and edited the award winning film Awful Normal that followed a woman as they confronted the man who molested them when they were a young girl.
Their most recent documentary, The University of Sing Sing, about a college education program inside the infamous Sing Sing prison in New York was sold to HBO and is scheduled to be released in 2014.
They first began working with Tyler Bastian on the inspiring short film Everything Is Incredible about a disabled man in Honduras who has been building a helicopter in their living room for the last 53 years. The film ended up going viral and was one of Vimeo's Top Ten films of the year for 2012.
They and Tyler are both working to finish the feature documentary Downwinders before they turn their full attention to Noah and theirs story.
Having grown up on three continents, they currently live with their wife and three kids in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Moxie Pictures
Moxie Pictures has come on board with this project to help us find distribution for Noah: Clean, Prison, or Dead once we are finished. Although primarily known for producing commercials, Moxie has expanded into the Television and Feature Film world. The company recently produced the Sundance darling Austenland, which was acquired by Sony Worldwide, as well as producing Academy Award winner Errol Morris' last two documentaries, Tabloid and the highly anticipated The Unknown Known about Donald Rumsfeld.
What Moxie's involvement means is this: if we can get this film made, it will likely be distributed world wide. That's where you come in. With the money raised by this Kickstarter, we will be able to immediately start following Noah as they attempt to get into rehab and fights their legal battles to avoid ending up in prison. The story is happening now and we need to document it.
Check out our previous projects:
Everything Is Incredible (whole film)
Downwinders (sizzle reel)
The company is also working on solutions to other slowdowns, like interruptions while working on Excel or typing in Word when another application suddenly commands Windows resources, causing a timeout. Finding the source of delays is often tricky, Mr. Adler said, because Windows runs on many different computer models; each has its own complement of downloads and devices, all jockeying for attention.
To find the source of each slowdown, Soluto uses a statistical approach, Mr. Dvir said. “Over millions of machines and millions of users, the problems start to repeat themselves,” they said. “There may be 10,000 people with the identical problem, and one of them will find a solution.”
Those millions of users are still in the future, as are their solutions to Windows problems. To acquire those users, Soluto plans to offer free versions of all its products, Mr. Adler said. As it runs on users' machines, the program will analyze problems and publish solutions. The program won't reach in and fix the problem directly; the user will have to do that. But if the initial program for boot optimization is any guide, Soluto will be offering suggestions for fixes, letting users know what others have chosen. A premium version that fixes problems automatically will be available for a charge, they said.
Soluto's approach to PC frustration is novel and highly promising, said Robert Scoble, a video blogger and a former Microsoft employee. “This is innovation at a deep level; they are bringing in the crowd to augment solutions to Windows problems,” Mr. Scoble said.
Photo
If Soluto realizes its plans, they said, large companies will be likely to pay for its services. “If each employee saves a few minutes on each machine,” they said, “the hours saved will be worth a fee.”
Soluto also plans to publish lists of machines and software configurations that cause PC problems. That, too, they said, would be worth paying for.
The company has raised $7.8 million in two rounds of financing, Mr. Adler said. Large investors include Bessemer Venture Partners and Giza Venture Capital.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Once the initial, boot-optimization program is in full swing — it is now in a beta or test phase — the company will move on to the next slowdown problem on the agenda — for example, delays in using spreadsheets — Mr. Dvir said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Soluto, they said, does not require users to register, or provide an e-mail address or any demographic information, they said. “All the information is gathered anonymously,” they said.
SO far, the company is doing an intriguing job, said Ed Bott, author of many books about Windows. “The need they've identified among users really resonates with me,” they said. “They have a long-range plan to address many issues of frustration. It's an original and promising approach.”
The program now has a limited user base, they said. “But the more people who use it, the more valuable it will become,” they said, both to them and to the company.
Many other services, including, for example, PC Pitstop, are already on the market to optimize boot-ups and other processes. The PC Pitstop scan is free, said Dave Methvin, the chief technology officer, “and will tell you what it thinks needs to be done.”
“If you decide you want us to do the work,” and fix problems automatically, they said, “you purchase the product,” either for optimization (Optimize, $29.99) or a complete tune-up (PC Matic, $49.99).
Typically, delays on PCs occur because applications like vendor updates are battling for resources. “When you have 10 of those running in the background,” said Mr. Adler at Soluto, “they add up.”
Republicans participating the the Iowa caucuses will be able to cast a ballot for the presidential candidate of their choice without presenting a photo ID, according to voting watchdog Brad Friedman.
Republicans have pushed for stricter voting regulations, such as voter ID laws, to protect against alleged voter fraud. More than 30 states have changed voter laws since 2008, including requiring voter identification cards, eliminating same-day registration on voting day, prohibiting ex-felons from ballot access, restricting early voting and requiring proof of citizenship.
According to a report by the Brennan Center for Justice, changes to voting laws could suppress up to five million votes during the 2012 elections, particularly among young, minority and low-income voters, as well as those with disabilities — all of whom tend to vote for Democrats.
Republican lawmakers in Iowa this year pushed for a voter ID law, which was sponsored by Republican Secretary of State Matt Schultz. The bill passed the Iowa House along partisan lines, but later died in the Senate State Government Committee.
Those hoping to vote in the caucuses have to be a registered Republican in the state of Iowa, and same-day registration is allowed.
But despite being able to set all of the rules for the caucus, Iowa Republicans only request voters present a photo ID during registration. If a photo ID is not available, a registrant may sign an oath, along with one attester, to prove their identity.
Those who are already registered Republicans do not need to present a photo ID before casting a ballot.
“You'd think that when Republicans have a chance to run their own elections, they'd be sure to want it to be as ‘fraud'-free as possible,” Friedman quipped.
Why Give a Damn:
It is clear that the entrepreneurial itch has gone global, so why not leverage tools that other entrepreneurs from around the world are utilizing? We've found a crowdsourced toolbox with more than 600 resources to get you out of decision paralysis and moving toward tackling the pressing tasks at hand.
The author of this post, Eric Tyler, focuses on the intersection of technology and entrepreneurship globally.  They are the founder and CEO of Globality, an online platform supporting entrepreneurs around the world.
Thanks to a “software eating the world” mentality, the rapid development of open source technologies and expansive growth of online networks, tools for building a startup have never been more powerful and accessible. But how do you navigate all these tools to bolster your entrepreneurial leap?
How do you navigate all these tools to bolster your entrepreneurial leap?
This inquiry took us across three continents, countless meetings and months of market research and boiled down to a simple question to tech entrepreneurs: what tools do you find most effective in your endeavors? The answers culminated in more than 600 resources – from online courses and prototyping tools to technology accelerators and even influential twitterati. And we recently decided to open up all these market research findings in a startup toolbox.
To keep the toolbox updated, we are crowdsourcing its ongoing curation, allowing entrepreneurs to comment, vote, add and continually discover the most useful tools from their peers around the world. And it is clear that the entrepreneurial itch has gone global. Already in the first week since launch, entrepreneurs from more than 40 countries have logged onto the website and submitted tools that we never encountered in our market research.
The entrepreneurial itch has gone global.
These new resources have been wide ranging – from Stanford d.School's Getting Started Toolkit which outlines the strategies used in its famous design thinking bootcamp and program, to Y Combinator's new venture capital documents which lay out their terms for funding startups, and even Gmail.JS, which open sources the Javascript code for a Gmail equivalent.
In this process, we realized that there is no one perfect tool to solve all the issues your startup is facing. But by contextualizing the options based on a global community of experiences, we hope to eliminate the decision paralysis and shift entrepreneurs towards action in tackling the pressing task at hand.
Entrepreneurs are pioneers of progress.
This startup toolbox is only the first step in a larger online platform called Globality that is focused on supporting entrepreneurs around the world by breaking down silos of networks and insights. The platform is founded on the belief that entrepreneurs are pioneers of progress, and built to help expedite their entrepreneurial trajectory not just in Silicon Valley but around the world.
The Man of Steel has been out for a bit now. The reviews from critics have been median range (Rotten Tomatoes has it at just 56% and Metacritic has it at 55 out of 100) but pretty high with general viewers. The “Professional” critics that don't get the real thought behind Superhero Movies (along with some of the “Laptop” critics) are really trying to pick apart EVERY movie that comes out; especially movies derived from characters a lot of us hold dear to our hearts.
But the question really is, “why”? Why nitpick without truly knowing the source material? Let's take for instance a few of the biggest gripes of Man of Steel? I'm going to go through the most commonly heard problems people have had. And yes, there will be spoilers but I'll mark them.
1. It's not the Donner version of Superman. Okay, I understand that argument. The Donner films are something to admire. They are part of our history. Christopher Reeve brought such a humble take on a character that is the closest thing to a god that you can get in DC Comic's roster (next to Orion, Darkseid, Big
Barda… okay, the closest we had on screen back then). Their humanity was stellar, their kindness was unparalleled. But those were different times. In 2006 with Bryan Singers failed attempt at making people excited about Superman again, they tried that route. I could write a different review about my thoughts on Superman Returns but that's not the purpose of this one. When you look at the portrayal of Superman/Clark Kent by Brandon Routh, they brought a sincerity to emulating Christopher Reeve's performance in the Donner Universe. And it didn't work for the modern age. I think that Brandon Routh was one of the only things that actually worked about that film. Nothing else really did though unfortunately. If you were to set that Superman in the modern world and not a comic book universe setting, it just wouldn't work.
I think that it's actually quite telling about who we are as a society. We don't trust easy. Any movie involving aliens, what is the first thing we do? If it's in the public eye and unavoidable, we approach it as “friendly” with an outstretched hand via our military. If it's something that is out of the public's eye, our first attempt at contact is often “seize and dissect”. Learn how it works, learn what makes it tick… and then utilize that information to build up our military. It's like we're crazed, knowledge war locusts. And this is pretty much what happens in Man of Steel. Our military is out looking for the Kryptonian ship in secret and by the time Kal-El's hand is forced by Zod to reveal himself, there isn't an automatic trust. And **Spoilers** by the end of the movie, that trust isn't even really established yet (We'll get to that in a moment). No. Donner's Kal-El/Superman would not fit in this universe. Our paranoia, distrust and fear of the unknown gets the best of us and the Superman of the 1980's simply would not fly in the modern age.
2. Jonathan Kent had questionable morals and held Clark back/Died in vain. I'll argue this one to the end of the Earth and back. Kevin Costner's run as Jonathan Kent carried so much weight to it. Imagine if you will that you are tasked with raising a child that is not yours that eventually will reach an age where they develop a rebellious streak. Imagine trying to manage a pre-teen temper… with heat vision. Your main goal is to make sure that kid knows how to reign things in. But not only for that reason. See point #1. Jonathan Kent knows how the world is. They understand how the world will react to a super powered being. And above all, this child that is not only alien, but now one that they have grown to love as their own, must be protected. They don't want to see anything bad happen to him. If David Goyer was sticking to the cannon at all (yes I know they deviated a lot), Jonathan and Martha Kent can't have children of their own. So now we're adding a layer of a Husband not only protecting the interests of the family, he's trying to protect the heart of their wife (and most likely his). They would do anything to protect them. **Spoilers** Let's talk about the Tornado scene for a moment. Some are calling B.S. on the argument between Clark and Jonathan. They didn't give a time stamp for Clark's age at this moment but I'm gathering that they were around 17-20 years old at this moment. Clark says some pretty callous things to Jonathan right before a huge tornado appears. Everyone heads towards to overpass on Jonathan's instructions and they head back to help the family dog. After they get pinned, then freed from the car. Jonathan Kent, a proud, noble father willing to sacrifice everything so their son is safe, never wavering or breaking eye contact with the very one he's trying to protect, stands firm, unmoving. They feel the whipping of the wind at the nape of their neck. Holds firm. Don't. Break. Eye contact with him. Show them your strength. Show them Their strength. A flurry of wind & debris… and they are gone.
I know that it was kinda weak that they went out trying to save a dog. But then again, movie law has it that you don't let a dog die. That's villain territory. Some wanted it to be a little kid that Jonathan was saving. I can see that, but from my standpoint during my viewing was Jonathan was representing that ALL life was sacred. You go on to try and save anything you can. Something that must be learned. Jonathan, simply put, was doing the best that any human father could with a responsibility as large as what they had. And they paid the price for it.
3. Zod was one dimensional and adapted too fast. Yes. They are. They were bred for strategy, triumph and war. They were made to protect Krypton. Unfortunately that goes into the “at any cost” territory. In a way, I feel sorry for General Zod. They were doing what they were made to do. Krypton as an advanced civilization should have figured out that when you give someone a drive to conquer (and that's it), eventually you're going to be the one conquered. And once they make it to Earth, experiences the atmosphere during the battle of Smallville (one of my favorite parts of the entire film), that's all they needed to focus and adapt to their surroundings. He's like Master Chief in the Halo series. They were made for battle, made to adapt to their surroundings. It wasn't immediate like Terrance Stamp's take on Zod, it took time. And once their adrenaline was flowing, their purpose no longer needed and it was simply pure rage… the gloves (and over armor) came off and Zod went feral. Leading me to my 4th and final point.
4. The Destruction of Metropolis and Zod's Finale. Okay. The has been saying “The last 40 minutes of the movie is non stop action, non stop punching and fighting between General Zod and Superman”. Simply not true. I clocked it and when we hear Zod's speech about their purpose being gone, there is less than 11 minutes left in the movie. I think the grand scale may have warped a lot of our time perception because it is an onslaught. Here's the thing though, for a movie genre where we are dealing with people who have powers that are beyond anything we can imagine, strength enough to destroy buildings with a glance, the destruction is going to be grand. The Avengers ALMOST got it right. But even with an alien invasion from a different dimension, it still felt as if only 20 blocks of New York were at danger and the bigger destruction was coming from ourselves with the Nuke fired at the heart of the city. In Man of Steel, it's the first time we got a glimpse of what a super powered fight can do to a city. No one seems to comment about the level of destruction done in the cartoon incarnations of the source characters. For instance:
I'm sure that the cartoon people in those buildings bounced right out ala Looney Tunes
In Superman Returns, everyone complained that “Superman didn't throw one punch in that movie”. Well yeah, there were only humans to face. THAT would have been a bloodbath. But now, he's Earth's only defense against a threat that they themselves originated from. While they may not have done the best job at protecting the people who were in the buildings that they were thrown through (or the ones in the buildings they threw Zod through), as a novice hero, they did the best that they could. Some also complained that they simply didn't take the fight into the desert or something to protect the people. Here's where I think that David Goyer failed at making the parallels in their story. Earlier in the film, Clark is seen as doing tons of odd jobs. One in particular was working on a crabbing boat ala The Deadliest Catch. The Skipper of their ship makes it a point to call them a Greenhorn. I don't know this as fact, but I'm pretty sure that this was put in place, that line was there solely to prove to the audience that “Hey look, they didn't make all of the right decisions. But he's a new hero. He's green. Give them a break. He's still learning”.
At the end of the film, they **SPOILERS** kills Zod by breaking their neck. And a collective (misinformed) populace instantly shut down. SUPERMAN DOESN'T KILL. Pump the breaks right there campers. It's been pointed out, but I'll reiterate the point. Look at Superman II. The original face off with Zod and Superman. At the end, Superman tricks Zod, Non and Ursa into losing their powers. Okay, fair enough. Let them be tried and punished for their destruction. NOPE. Superman breaks a now powerless Zod's hand and tosses them into the great, bottomless abyss that is the Fortress of Solitude, smirking all the while. But to top it off, they watch and then grins as Lois commits murder as well.
Don't worry baby, it'll be our little secret.
So it's not uncommon for the big blue boyscout to get their hands a little dirty. Yes there was massive property damage (more was caused by the world engine than the fight between Superman and Zod), and there was loss of life. But nothing compared to what could have happened if Clark let them go.
All in all, I'd say that my only complaint is that we didn't get more Faora. Some people are debating on whether or not General Zod's cronies actually lived and were sucked into the Phantom Zone or if they actually died. I for one, hope that they lived and that we'll get a vengeful Faora in the future. All I know is that as of this post, Man of Steel has made $542,906,000 worldwide. I think it's safe to say that we'll be seeing more Man of Steel in the future. Like Lois, I, too, would like to welcome Clark Kent to ‘The Planet'. This is a modern take on the Man of Steel. A world that will have to get used to the idea that there is a man who can unleash fire from their eyes, fly faster than any human made jet fighter, and desperately wants you to trust him.
Look for a new post soon on my take on my hopes for Man of Steel 2, Justice League and other DC properties!
1. Disgraced former cop Mark Fuhrman is okay with women being threatened on-line because it's a mad mad month.
Most famous for being a racist, lying LAPD detective, Mark Fuhrman wants you to know that they can be a complete asswipe on other topics as well. Having parlayed their infamy into a Fox News contributor gig, Fuhrman chatted about March Madness with Andrea Tantaros this week. March Madness, in Fuhrman's view, means open season on women like Ashley Judd, who tweeted about a game and was promptly threatened with rape and death. “When I express a stout opinion during March Madness I am called a whore, c—, threatened with sexual violence,” Judd wrote on Twitter. “Not okay.”
Advertisement:
No, Fuhrman reassured them It is okay. “During basketball, during March Madness, if you don't want to play then shut up," they said. "This is March Madness.”
Yepp, it's zany, rape-threatening fun!
Even Tantaros, who has a proud and well-documented history of utter contempt for anything vaguely feminist, or sympathetic in any way towards women when it comes to rape was taken aback.
“So, you can threaten a woman with physical and sexual violence?” they asked.
Fuhrman then admitted they didn't know the details of Judd's case, but they still questioned why they were kind of asking for it by being on their device while they were supposed to be watching the game.
h/t Raw Story
Advertisement:
2. Glenn Beck is just so “done” with the Republican Party
For once, Glenn Beck had some decent advice for their listeners. Run! Run away from the Republican Party. “I've made my decision – I'm out. I'm out of the Republican Party,” Beck announced this week on their radio show. “I am not a Republican; I will not give a dime to the Republican Party. I'm out. I highly recommend – run from the Republican Party. They are not good.”
No, they really are not good. They are very, very un-good.
Their reasoning was a little off. It seems he's mad at the GOP for not being conservative enough. The extreme rightward drift of the “party of Lincoln” is simply not good enough for Beck. In their usual barely coherent style, they explained:
Advertisement:
“They ran and they said they were doing all of these great things and they were going to stand against Obamacare and illegal immigration – they set us up. They set us up. Enough is enough. They're torpedoing the constitution and they're doing it knowingly. They're taking on people like Mike Lee and Ted Cruz and they are torpedoing them. Knowingly,” the radio ranter said. “So I'm done with them.”
Good bye, cruel party! You won't have Glenn beck to kick around any more. Don't call until you've killed Obamacare, and every last vestige of humanity!
3. Ayn Randian Hedge Funder on Fox: It's racist to discuss race.
Advertisement:
Starbucks' recent attempt to address America's race problem with a hashtag and a latte has been widely and justifiablymocked, but a Fox guest bizarrely called it racist to even think people should discuss race.
Huh?
An unapologetic real-life Gordon Gekko, Jonathan Hoenig, head of Capitalist Pig hedge fund and author of the book Greed is Good: The Capitalist Pig Guide to Investing told their Faux News pal Eric Bolling that Starbucks'#RaceTogether campaign is a terrible idea because “(t)here's no discussion needed on race in this country.” Not only is it not needed, it pisses them off. “I resent this whole idea that America is this racist country.”
Advertisement:
As if anyone cares.
The avowed (white) Ayn Rand worshipper also took the opportunity to lecture people of color. “Stop identifying by your race,” they said, concluding that, “the ones who want the discussion, in my opinion, are the racists.”
Seems like someone needs a little less caffeine in their latte.
4. Howard Kurtz: So, the cops brutalized an innocent black UVA student. No biggie.
Advertisement:
According to Fox New media critic Howard Kurtz, the arrest and bloodying of University of Virginia student Martese Johnson is no big deal because it happens all the time. Wait, arrests of African-American honor students on false accusations of having fake IDs and being drunk that result in head wounds and lasting trauma happen all the time? Isn't that a big deal, Howard? Kurtz, of course, denied that race had anything to do with the incident because a couple of bartenders they spoke to shrugged it off and said it happens all the time.
UVA officials also had a rather different take from the . In a statement they said:
"This African American male student was injured on the Corner, after being stopped by Virginia Department of Alcohol Beverage Control (ABC) officers. Their head was slammed into the hard pavement with excessive force. The student required medical evaluation and treatment at the UVa Hospital Emergency Department. This was wrong and should not have occurred. In the many years of our medical, professional and leadership roles at the University, we view the nature of this assault as highly unusual and appalling based on the information we have received."
So, this so-called journalist Kurtz discovered a pattern of brutal, bloody arrests of African-American and other students for no reason. Sounds like Kurtz might have stumbled on a rather big story. Not that he'd recognize it.
Advertisement:
5. Laura Ingraham compares the Arabic language to skinheads.
Laura Ingraham, along with the rest of the xenophobic, Islamaphobic right-wing media was apoplectic upon hearing that some students, who are learning foreign languages, were allowed to say the Pledge of Allegiance in Arabic at their school in New York. This cannot stand! First of all, why are students learning foreigh languages in American schools? And are we just going to let anyone pledge allegiance to our flag? The horror!
On the March 20 edition of their radio program, Laura Ingraham said, "What if the skinheads want to do the Pledge of Allegiance? Are we going to do that too?"
Yeah guys, are we? And, by the way, how is that in any way similar?
Advertisement:
Anyway, the point is, someone has to police all this pledging.
Then Ingraham uttered their stock English phrase. "Most people who love this country love it enough to speak the language [English]."
6. Rep. Steve King lectures Jewish people on how to be better Jews.
Commandment number one for Jewish people from Iowa wing-nut Steve King: Don't be a Democrat. For that is an abomination. Actually, the rabid Tea Partying Congressman put it in even more offensive terms, criticizing "Jews in America" who side with President Obama on anything as "Democrats first and Jewish second."
Advertisement:
King is still burned up about the 50 or so Democrats in Congress who boycotted Benjamin Netanyahu's speech to Congress, which was an insult to the President, and offensive to many.
To be an Obama-loving liberal is to be anti-Semitic in King's eyes. And to disagree with Steve King or their pal Benjamin Netanyahu is also to be anti-Semitic. Because Steve King knows what is good for the Jews. And it sure isn't a diplomatic solution to a nuclear Iran. For that is an abomination.
7. Donald Trump is just wondering if they can become a bigger parody of himself.
The Donald has a brilliant solution to the whole entitlement problem. Make everybody rich! Wow, why didn't, basically everyone, think of that?
Advertisement:
As they delusionally imagine themselves running for king, errr, president yet again, Trump shared a few brilliant insights with a lucky New Hampshire crowd.
“We need people in Washington that know how to make a deal!” Trump said. Rightio! It's all one big uber-Capitalist business! Actually, we have all kinds of people in Washington who know how to make deals. With mega-donors!
And, not wanting to tell the audience that they might favor cuts to Social Security and Medicaid, the Donald simply (simplistically?) said, “I would make this country so rich that you wouldn't have to cut it!” Oh, yay! Then we can all buy a Congress, like other billionaires. Maybe a Trump-style, gold-plated one!
A massive media mogul that has produced and released hundreds of video games for most platforms (if not all of today's modern ones), and detroyed many valuable, well-liked companies in the process.Some companies destroyed by Electronic Arts:Maxis - Creator of the "Sim" games (such as "The Sims", "SimCopter", and of course, " SimCity ") which made quality games with attention to humor and detail. Since EA's absorbtion of this fine game maker, games are released buggy and unfinished, and are never quite properly fixed, since patches don't come out as they should.Westwood - Creator of the Command & Conquer series of games, also obliterated by EA. Excellent titles were produced by Westwood, and came in an actually finished state. If there were problems, they were patched. Since becoming one of the many sub-names of EA, games produced under the C&C trademark have been ridiculously shoddy. One such game is Command & Conquer Generals, and its expansion, C&CG: Zero Hour . This particular title is absolutely ridden with bugs and improper code, and despite its popularity, EA refuses to release updated patches for it.
I make no bones that I like Quentin Tarantino. I admire the vision they have for these movies, I admire their dedication to the craft and I admire the actors that they hire for the roles. Yes they use and reuses certain actors but he's not the only one to do this.
To call Tarantino a hack is to misunderstand where he's coming from. Yes they borrow heavily from other movies and genres but they make those things their own. It's one thing to steal. It's a completely different thing to steal, have people know that you've done it and still be impressed with what you did.
This movie deals with a freed slave by the name of Django who's hired by a bounty hunter to find the Brickle Brothers. Pretty straight forward. Christoph Waltz is brilliant as the dentist turned bounty hunter that frees Django. Jamie Foxx is of course very good in the role of the freed slave who's a natural with a gun. Samuel L Jackson is wonderful as the scheming and downright evil house slave Steven. And of course Leonardo DiCaprio shines as Monsieur Candie the harsh slave owner who happens to own Django's wife. They deserved an oscar for this role and if you've ever seen the dinner scene you'll understand why.
Like most Tarantino movies this one had it's fair share of cursing, liberal use of the N-word which was common for the time and a whole lot of blood. It's not comical and over the top like in Kill Bill but it does paint the countryside at some point.
The only part that felt strange was Tarantino's cameo in this one as an Aussie. Their accent was a little strange and overdone but he's just a minor character so it's easily overlooked.
This summer I've had a bit of free time on my hands to do some reading. I figured what better than to read a little-known josei manga about office work romance? 3 am Dangerous Zone by Nemu Youko had interesting cover art that caught my attention, and I was pleasantly surprised with its originality. Keep reading for my review of this intriguing series!
Synopsis
A three volume series, 3 am Dangerous Zone follows Momoko, a recent graduate who's found an entry level position as a pachinko parlor designer. Working late hours with oddballs, they want to quit their job badly. But once they start making friends with the staff Momoko decides she's in it for the long haul, and finds fulfillment in their job and love life. It's a slice-of-life josei with some comedy and romance mixed in.
The Good
Eye-Candy Artwork
I really enjoyed the art style of this manga. It's simplistic yet refined, making it pleasurable to leaf through. It feels like a Western comic, but has that Japanese finesse. Each character has a unique design, and the style represents reality in a pleasant yet realistic manner. Definitely one of my favourite hand drawn art styles that I've come across.
Strong Female Lead
I often find myself skipping over josei titles because they depict love crazed females who don't know how to deal with themselves, let alone deal with a man in their life. I'm not trying to belittle josei, as there are standout titles that try to depict females in a more reasonable light. Luckily, we find that here with Momoko.  They are a more passive female lead, representing a present-time young woman: independent, looking for stability, lacking drive, and reluctant to trust others. She's not lacking confidence in a cliché way, but rather is driven to find fulfillment in their career. They sacrifice their relationships to find a balance of workplace stability and self fulfillment. I really liked how dynamic they are; their thoughts were sometimes muddled by passivity, and I was just as curious to understand them as they were curious to understand herself. I loved how simple they appeared, yet how complex and inspiring their character became. If you find yourself connecting less and less to most josei/shoujo female leads, then I suggest checking out 3 am Dangerous Zone. Momoko's character is a unique and enthralling person. Anyone looking to find a career can relate to their predicament and find inspiration in their determination.
The Bad
Slow Pacing
This manga tells a concise story, being only 15 chapters long, with about 30 pages per chapter. It doesn't over exaggerate, and is pretty down to Earth with the way it represents reality. It doesn't have overarching cliff hangers, and it doesn't tell anything too heavy handed. It's a simple story about a simple girl; it presents a situation that many young women face when entering the working world. I love it for that, but for those looking for a real page turner, you're not going to find it here. It kept me entertained, but it was definitely a light read. It's an interesting story, but not a particularly compelling one. If you're looking for a nice read for your bus ride I definitely recommend this series, but if you want something to excite you I suggest looking somewhere else.
Underdeveloped Supporting Characters
The focus of this manga is definitely on Momoko and their personal obstacles. It never goes into great detail about the other characters, and for the little that it does, it doesn't tell very thought-provoking backstories. They each have a clear-cut purpose, and really shine focus back onto Momoko rather than stealing the spotlight for themselves. It would have been nice to get to know Momoko's coworkers better, or even get to know the deep motivations of their love interests, but with the short run of this series it wouldn't have fit in anyways. It's disappointing that they weren't more dynamic, but I can't say that it took away from the overall experience.
Final Score
3 am Dangerous Zone is a different kind of josei. It represents the reality of working young women well, and offers a new perspective on what women are looking for as they reach adulthood. 3 am Dangerous Zone gets a 7.0 out of 10. While not reaching far beyond its simplistic story, it tells a concise tale of Momoko and their exploits as they balance their love life with their work. I enjoyed that it took a new approach, and offered something that I hadn't previously seen in a josei series. For a short read it's worth looking into, especially if you find yourself at odds with the reality of full time work.
Similar titles to 3 am Dangerous Zone:
Genshiken Nidaime - My Review
Servant x Service - My Review
Working!!
A controversial leader of a U.S. Muslim group resigned from a Virginia state board hours after Gov. Tim Kaine learned during a radio call-in show about incendiary comments the appointee made about Israel, Islam and U.S. foreign policy.
Dr. Esam Omeish, who is a top surgeon at a Washington, D.C., area hospital, also is seen in videos found on YouTube.com that show them advocating "the jihad way," decrying the Israeli invasion last year of Lebanon, and calling for President Bush's impeachment.
In a statement Thursday afternoon, Kaine said they had accepted Omeish's resignation from the state Commission on Immigration, which only met for the first time on Tuesday.
"Dr. Omeish is a respected physician and community leader, yet I have been made aware of certain statements he4 has made which concern me," Kaine said. "Dr. Omeish indicated that they did not want this controversy to distract from the important work of the Commission."
Omeish, who president of the Muslim American Society, .appears in one video of an Aug. 12, 2006, rally in Washington near the White House where they denounce Israel's invasion of Lebanon and the "Israeli war machine." They also accused Israel of genocide and massacres against Palestinians and said the "Israeli agenda" controls Congress.
• Click here to see the video of the August 2006 rally.
And in a video of C-SPAN coverage of the Sept. 15, 2007, antiwar rally, Omeish appears, calling for Bush's impeachment.
"We must prosecute those who are responsible for this war. Impeach Bush today!" they scream to a boisterous crowd. "Let us cleanse our State Department, our Congress, our Pentagon of those who have driven America into this colossal mistake."
• Click here to see the video of Omeish at the Sept. 2007 rally.
Omeish is chief of the division of general surgery at INOVA Alexandria Hospital.
In a separate, undated video, Omeish tells a crowd of Washington-area Muslims, "...you have learned the way, that you have known that the jihad way is the way to liberate your land."
That video was credited to Investigative Project, a Washington-based organization that investigates radical Islamic organizations.
A caller to Kaine's program on WRVA radio in Richmond asked the governor about the Omeish appointment and the video.
"That is news to me, what you say, and it's something we will check out," Kaine told the caller, identified on the air only by the name Kent.
Neither Kaine nor The Associated Press was immediately able to contact Omeish. Mahdi Bray, a spokesperson for the MAS, said Omeish was performing surgery and not immediately available for comment.
Omeish was among 10 appointments Kaine made on Aug. 2 to a 20-member panel created this year by the General Assembly to assess the benefits and costs of immigration and the effects on federal immigration policies on the state. The commission met in Richmond for the first time Tuesday.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins will be playing close to home Sunday. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
When the Washington Redskins take on the Detroit Lions at Ford Field on Sunday afternoon, quarterback Kirk Cousins figures to have a lot of friends and family members in the stands.
Sunday's game represents a homecoming of sorts for Cousins, who grew up and went to high school in Holland, Mich., roughly three hours away. They attended college at Michigan State in East Lansing, about 90 minutes from the site of Sunday's game.
“Yeah, there will be a lot of people from my hometown coming over, I would guess — a lot of Michigan State people may be at the game hopefully,” Cousins said. “All of my friends growing up in Michigan were Lions fans and followed the team closely. That was the team growing up around my hometown. There should be a lot of familiar faces there in the stands on Sunday.”
[A closer look at Kirk Cousins's performance against the Eagles]
Cousins has never played against the Lions before, but they know all about Ford Field.
“The big thing for me was that the high school state championship was played at Ford Field. And so we always talked as high school football players and as kids, playing at Ford Field in high school,” they recalled Wednesday. “Never even considered being able to do it as a professional player. Didn't even come close to playing there in high school — we lost in the first round — but to get to go back and play there now as a professional is a pretty cool experience. I did play there one time in college. We actually played [former Redskins running back] Alfred Morris and Florida Atlantic at Ford Field, so I have only played there one other time before.”
Cousins and the Redskins are coming off of their best all-around performance of the season, having racked up 493 yards on offense against the Eagles while the defense held Philadelphia out of the end zone. Washington improved to 4-2, winning its fourth straight game. Through six games, Cousins ranks sixth in the NFL, with 283 passing yards per game, and 10th in touchdown passes (10).
Cousins and company will try to stay hot this week and improve further.
“I think we did well. I think we had 500 yards of total offense,” Cousins said. “If we do that every week, we'll be a pretty good offense. There's always going to be plays you want back, but I think it was a pretty good offensive outing. A few more plays would have been even better, but you're never going to be perfect. We were pleased with what we did as a whole unit. And [we'll] try to continue to take steps forward now each week.”
Image caption Marisol Valles had been hailed as Mexico's bravest woman
Mexico's youngest police chief, Marisol Valles Garcia, has fled to the US after apparently receiving death threats, US immigration officials have confirmed.
They attracted worldwide attention last year when they became police chief of a border town plagued by drug violence after no-one else dared take the job.
 They are now seeking asylum in the US after fleeing across the border into Texas.
Ms Valles was sacked from their post on Monday for being absent without leave.
The criminology student was hailed as Mexico's bravest woman in October when they became head of public security in the border town of Praxedis G Guerrero at the age of 20.
The town is in the Juarez Valley in Chihuahua state, a battleground for drugs cartels fighting over lucrative smuggling routes into the US.
Local police and officials in the region have been frequent targets for attack despite a large military presence.
At the time of their appointment, they told the BBC they were accepting the role despite the risks involved because they felt Mexican citizens had a responsibility to try to improve security.
Praxedis is close to Ciudad Juarez, Mexico's most violent city, where more than 3,000 people were killed in drug-related violence in 2010 alone.
The US Customs and Immigration Enforcement agency (ICE) confirmed that Ms Valles was in the country.
"She will have the opportunity to present the facts of their case before an impartial immigration judge," an ICE official told Reuters.
Teachers in the further education sector will be asked to work during the summer under reforms announced yesterday by Minister for Education Ruairi Quinn. *
The planned reconfiguration of higher and further education and training was announced to a surprised audience at the Teachers' Union of Ireland conference in Kilkenny. TUI president Gerard Craughwell, a further-education teacher, said their colleagues were “horrified” at the lack of consultation.
“We are contracted to work 167 days, and those terms and conditions cannot unilaterally be changed,” they said.
They accused Mr Quinn of being “the Minister for Announcements”, with no interest in negotiation.
The move to year-round teaching is one of a series of reforms planned for the further-education sector.
A draft document from the new State training agency Solas, which has been seen by The Irish Times, proposes to completely alter the funding arrangements for further education, on a phased basis, with a new “outcomes-based funding model” that would assess colleges of education based on results, a move almost certain to be opposed by teachers.
Proposals
After the conference Mr Quinn said the proposals on further education were at an early stage and how they proceeded would be a matter for negotiation, but it did not necessarily mean lecturers would take on extra work.
“It simply does not make sense to leave the infrastructure of higher education lying fallow for three or four months,” they said, adding that the reconfiguration would help people back to work and tackle social snobbery about the merits of vocational compared to university education.
The announcement came amid renewed claims from teacher unions this week that they were suffering “initiative overload”. Both the TUI and the ASTI yesterday debated motions condemning plans for secondary teachers to assess their own students under Junior Cycle reforms.
Mr Craughwell signalled scope for agreement on the broad thrust of the reforms but said the Minister had “to ensure resources are in place for this exciting development in Irish education, including the ICT infrastructure and management positions”.
Hardline
A more hardline position emerged from ASTI delegates who are to hear today whether the union will accept a motion that would escalate its industrial action.
Strong criticism of cuts to guidance counselling allocations also emerged at both conferences, but Mr Quinn said yesterday these would not be reversed. The decision to abolish the posts was taken reluctantly in order to preserve the pupil-teacher ratios, they said, and it was now up to the leadership in schools to deploy their resources as they saw fit.
Among further-education teachers, a key concern is that Mr Quinn is moving towards a modular system in which students would take a number of short courses, with fears this would “dumb down” further education.
At the TUI conference, Mr Quinn also said they planned to forge ahead with the creation of “technological universities”, which would involve mergers of regional clusters of institutes of technology.
* This article was edited on Thursday, April 24th, 2014
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Jeremy Corbyn has praised the Prime Minister Theresa May on transgender rights, after they spoke on the issue at the PinkNews Awards.
Speaking at the PinkNews Awards last week, the PM vowed to push on with proposed reforms to the Gender Recognition Act, to make it easier for transgender people to gain legal recognition.
In their speech Mrs May vowed to streamline the process, saying: “Trans people still face indignities and prejudice, when they deserve understanding and respect.
“We have set out plans to reform the Gender Recognition Act, streamlining and de-medicalising the process for changing gender, because being trans is not an illness – and it shouldn't be treated as such.”
Jeremy Corbyn, who also spoke at the PinkNews Awards, praised Theresa May on the issue during an appearance on LBC today.
In a rare joint appearance with the Labour leader, Mayor of London Sadiq Khan challenged Mr Corbyn to name some of Theresa May's “good points”.
The Mayor explained: “You and I can both agree on many of the things Theresa May is getting wrong as Prime Minister. You do so across the despatch box every Wednesday, but there must be something you admire about her, or some positivies in Theresa May as a human being.
“People think we politicians hate eachother, from different parties and tribes, and never get on – but one of the things I've tried to explain when I meet young people is, we may disagree on policies but we can find the space I hope to be magnanimous and give credit where it's due for the other side's good points. Do they have any good points?”
Mr Corbyn said: “I don't do personal attacks because I think it just diminishes everybody and diminishes politics as a whole.
“Under demand Theresa May did bring in, or support the bringing in, of [reform to] the Gender Recognition Act. They of their own volition has done a lot of work on modern day slavery and I agree with them on that.”
They added: “You look at another person and agree with them and disagree with them. You look for the good points in them, you recognise differences and try and put your own case. That is what I'm trying to do.
“I fundamentally disagree with the political objectives of Theresa May. Obviously I do. I put out our case, they put out their case, and there'll be an election some point soon.”
Scroll down for the clip.
Speaking at the PinkNews Summer Parliamentary reception earlier this year, the Labour Party leader had led calls for an overhaul of the 2004 Gender Recognition Act that allows transgender people to change their legal gender.
The current law requires trans people to pass a number of bureaucratic hurdles, wait two years and to submit to medical tests in order to change their legal gender, but Mr Corbyn backed trans campaigners in calling for a ‘self-declaration' system which would eliminate many of the obstacles.
Addressing the Prime Minister at the time, Mr Corbyn said: “We must advance trans rights, and discrimination has gone on too long. Bring forward a Bill to update the Act and improve trans rights and Labour will back you.”
The government later announced plans to review gender recognition rules.
Equalities Minister Justine Greening confirmed that proposals to streamline and de-medicalise the process for changing gender will be part of a “broad consultation of the legal system that underpins gender transition, the Gender Recognition Act”.
The consultation on the Gender Recognition Act, to be published in the coming months, will look to improve the recognition process and reduce the stigma faced by the trans community.
Proposals will include removing the need for a medical diagnosis of gender dysphoria before being able to apply for gender recognition. The current need to be assessed and diagnosed by clinicians is seen as an intrusive requirement by the trans community.
Options will also be laid out to reduce the length and intrusiveness of the gender recognition system.
A self-declaration system is already in operation in the Republic of Ireland.
The government says it will try to “relieve the bureaucratic and medical burdens for those who choose to change their gender”.
Minister for Women and Equalities Justine Greening said: “This government is committed to building an inclusive society that works for everyone, no matter what their gender or sexuality and today we're taking the next step forward.
“We will build on the significant progress we have made over the past 50 years, tackling some of the historic prejudices that still persist in our laws and giving LGBT people a real say on the issues affecting them.”
Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn told PinkNews at the time: “I am delighted that the Government has listened to the demands of LGBT activists and is following Labour's manifesto commitment. “
“We will vote for any law that improves the rights of trans people.”
Suzanna Hopwood, a member of the Stonewall Trans Advisory Group, said: “I am really pleased that the Government is making good on its commitment to review the Gender Recognition Act. Reform is one of the key priorities in our vision for removing the huge inequalities that trans people face in the UK. The current system is demeaning and broken.
“It's vital that this reform removes the requirements for medical evidence and an intrusive interview panel, and finally allows all trans people to have their gender legally recognised through a simple administrative process. That's what we'll be calling for during this consultation, and I'm looking forward to seeing the law change soon after.”
Ruth Hunt, Chief Executive of Stonewall said: “We're pleased the Government recognises there is still more to be done to ensure all lesbian, gay, bi and trans people are accepted without exception, and welcome the announcement of new measures to tackle some of the remaining inequalities.
“The consultation on reforming the Gender Recognition Act is hugely encouraging.
“The 2004 Act was ground-breaking in giving trans people a way to have their gender legally recognised, but the process is in dire need of reform.”
JavaScript Templating is a neat idea: it allows you to easily convert JSON to HTML without having to parse it. At Microsoft's MIX10 conference, they announced that they are starting to contribute to the jQuery team. One of their efforts is to provide a templating plugin. In this quick tip, I'll show you how to use it!
You'll need the data to template; you'll likely retrieve JSON from your server; of course, Object / Array literals work just as well, so that's what we use:
The template is written in <script type="text/html"></script> tags; for each item in your JSON, the template will render the HTML; then, it will return the entire HTML fragment to you. We can get to the JavaScript values from within the template by using {% and %} as tags. We can also execute regular JavaScript within these tags. Here's our template:
To render the data with the template, call the plugin; pass the data to the plugin method; you can optionally pass in an options object as well. (These aren't predefined options; they're values you want to use within the template, perhaps for branching.)
It's that easy! Have fun with it! You can get the complete code for this quick tip on Github
Balotelli orders statue of themselves
By Football Italia staff
Mario Balotelli has commissioned a life-size statue of themselves to stand in their Brescia home. “He'll be immortalised in the pose after a goal.”
The Milan and Italy striker has already become famous for their audacious style choices, including a camouflage Bentley.
“I received the commission, but have never actually met Balotelli, so I am working from photographs,” local artist Livio Scarpella told Il Giornale di Brescia newspaper.
“I presented various sketches, but Mario wanted to be immortalised in the pose after a goal: muscles in evidence and an expression to challenge the opponents.”
This seems to be the pose they adopted after scoring the second goal against Germany in the Euro 2012 semi-final.
“I imagined them as an athlete from ancient times. The statue will be between the classic and pop style, in platinum and coloured bronze with the eyes made of precious stones.”
Image caption A baguette to go is quicker and cheaper than a meal in a brasserie
From escargots to coq au vin to tarte tatin, no country has a greater affinity with food than France.
But last year 54% of total restaurant turnover in this country went to fast food and sandwich shops. It's the first time "convenience" food has outstripped the market of the traditional French brasserie.
Balthazar de la Borde opened their sandwich shop Balt four years ago. Through every year of the eurozone crisis, their takings have been growing.
"I suppose we are a business for the crisis," they say.
"We are not your normal sandwich shop," they add hurriedly. "We do cook a lot of things on site - today it's pork fillet from Pays Basque - and all these cheeses are carefully chosen.
"But it's good quality food - at low prices. In the beginning the majority of our customers were assistants, trainees, the lower paid - nowadays we get the middle managers, the 'higher-ups' who come here whenever they are not entertaining."
Lunch at the desk
In years gone by the French would go home to eat at lunchtime.
Image caption Charles Mendy says they could take a longer lunch break but would then have to stay later in the office
But with the ever increasing strains on French income - it's easier, and cheaper, to eat at the desk.
Charles Mendy is the typical French business person.
Most days they will take 20 minutes for their lunch, and normally they will eat it in the office - though it's not all about the money.
"We do have a kitchen in the office," says Charles. "And sometimes I'll eat my lunch there - but more often than not I eat it in front of the computer.
"I used to take an hour for lunch. Now… the workload is too big."
So is it an unspoken pressure that comes from the employer?
"No, I could take an hour if I wanted but I would have to stay longer to finish in the evenings," they say.
"The working day has changed. My company is American. We work and interact with colleagues in New York who are starting their day when we are at lunch - I think habits have changed to reflect the global nature of our business."
Image caption Grabbing a bite: Many people eat lunch when and where they can
'Salad and water'
Balthazar agrees, though some of it, they say, must come down to how much people have in their pocket.
"People used to go home to eat - now they can't afford, they don't have the time, they lead highly pressured lives.
People will eat out at a top restaurant, say once a fortnight - but they'll save for that dinner by eating cheaper lunches through the week Armand Chaigne, Eurogroup Consulting
"Our prices have risen over the four years we have been open - but it doesn't seem to affect the level of business.
"What it does affect is what people choose. We offer a set menu, a salad, a dessert, a drink. Now some just take a salad - and they'll eat it with a glass of water."
Underpinning that pressure to work more is most certainly the fear of unemployment.
In France the number of people out of work is at a record high.
"There's a fear of the unknown," says Balthazar. "I think it underpins that willingness to work harder."
Cheap and convenient
The French are also paying more in taxes. In 2009 they paid 46bn euros (£38.5bn; $62bn) in income tax; in 2013 it will rise to 70bn euros (£59bn; $95bn).
Consumers have been hit hard.
"Spending habits have changed dramatically," says Armand Chaigne, from Eurogroup Consulting, who has been studying recent consumer trends.
Ten years ago one in five lunches would be eaten out, they say. Today it's one in three.
"It marks the shift to cheap convenience food. Today the fast food industry is two and a half times bigger than it was 20 years ago."
'Lost in the middle'
Mr Chaigne says the shift in trends is comparable with the fashion industry - another sector for which the French are well-known.
Image caption McDonald's trialled a "McBaguette" in France last year
"These days a woman might buy their black trousers at Chanel but they will probably buy their black T-shirt from Zara," they say.
"We choose value for money. In the same way people will eat out at a top restaurant, say once a fortnight - but they'll save for that dinner by eating cheaper lunches through the week.
"That spells trouble for the traditional brasserie. Their food is good but it's not great, the service is OK but it's not fantastic, it takes an hour to sit down and eat. They are lost somewhere in the middle of the trend - and they are losing out."
The figures back that up. In July the number of people dining in restaurants fell by a record 13% on the same period last year.
Today French people are making tough choices on when and where they sit down to eat.
That's not to say the French taste for fine dining has been completely extinguished. Let's face it - the food is far too good.
But for most the two-hour lunch is an increasingly rare event. These days it's more often the bargain baguette.
Rescuing the 276 girls still missing after a mass kidnapping by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram is just the beginning of addressing Nigeria's civil strife. Especially considering the same band of violent radicals slaughtered more than 300 others this week and has a long history of violently attacking schools.
So while the kidnapping headline has drawn the world's attention, the broader chaos that is taking hold in Nigeria “has become a global problem, and we need serious efforts to find a global solution,” said Edmond Keller, a political science professor who focuses on Africa at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Related You Can Be Sent to Prison for Being Gay in This Country
On Tuesday, Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan accepted the Obama administration's offer to send a team of law enforcement and military experts to help find and safely return the schoolgirls Boko Haram abducted. The same day, the U.S. Senate formally condemned the kidnapping, and all 20 women senators, led by Barbara Mikulski, D-Md., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, wrote to President Obama asking them to take further action on the global stage.
Specifically, they requested that Obama pressure the United Nations Security Council to add Boko Haram to the al-Qaida Sanctions List. In layperson's terms, this would make the group “international outlaws,” according to Nii Akuetteh, the former executive director of the Africa Action NGO. If this criminal group is added to the al-Qaida Sanctions List, the U.N. would be obliged to help find it and freeze any of its known assets, Akuetteh said.
The United States had already added Boko Haram to America's list of foreign terrorist organizations in the fall of 2013, but the band of senators wants the rest of the world to reach the same conclusion, and then do something about it.
“The girls were targeted by Boko Haram simply because they wanted to go to school and pursue knowledge, and we believe the United States must respond quickly and definitively," the senators wrote to Obama. “In the face of the brazen nature of this horrific attack, the international community must impose further sanctions on this terrorist organization.”
The uproar started on April 14 when news broke that Boko Haram had attacked a school in Chibok, a settlement in the Nigerian state of Borno. It kidnapped more than 300 girls—some have since escaped—and threatened to sell them into slavery or marry them off to its soldiers.
Humanitarian organizations and regional experts hail the Obama administration's offer of support and the legislative action as positive first steps but emphasize that Nigeria's civil unrest requires long-term support. Without diminishing the importance and urgency of locating the missing girls, they emphasize the broader issues at stake.
“We also need the public to channel its outrage into preventing future abuse,” said Caryl Stern, president and CEO of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF.
“This global outpouring for the abducted girls is profound but is greatly diminished if we abandon the cause of child protection after the headlines fade,” Stern said, urging people to get involved with the End Trafficking project.
Both Keller and Akuetteh point to the complicated and challenging political dynamics with which Nigeria is struggling to cope.
“The country is pretty divided,” and “Jonathan gets a lot of criticism,” said Akuetteh, who previously lived in Nigeria and spearheaded George Soros' West Africa Foundation. Despite the atrocity of the kidnapping, “the Nigerian government did some foot dragging” before dealing with the problem, Akuetteh added. It took Jonathan three weeks to acknowledge the abduction publicly, and the country is known, experts say, for being reluctant to accept help from foreigners.
“This radicalization seems to be taking place,” Keller said, who pointed out that Nigeria is home to many ethnicities with competing interests. Neutralizing extremist groups in Nigeria are “going to require boots on the ground.”
The hope is that in the immediate future, American support will make a difference in rescuing the missing girls, but the odds aren't great.
“I haven't seen the full extent of the U.S. assistance,” Scott D. Taylor, director of the African studies program at Georgetown University, told TakePart. “But given the lack of success in catching Kony [an African warlord who enslaves children], despite our 100 or so ‘advisers,' I am skeptical about the outcome in Nigeria.”
Ever wondered which nationalities are the tallest? Of course not. But we're going to tell you anyway.
The map above shows 98 nations colour coded according to the average height of its male residents (no reliable data is available for those countries that appear in grey). It will suprise no-one to see The Netherlands at the top of the table. The Dutch are well known for their lofty stature. Other countries among the 10 tallest include Denmark, Norway, Germany and Croatia. Britain, whose men are 1.77m, on average, comes in at 26th.
The world's 10 tallest countries
Netherlands - 1.838m Montenegro - 1.832m Denmark - 1.826m Norway - 1.824m Serbia - 1.82m Germany - 1.81m Croatia - 1.805m Czech Republic - 1.8031m Slovenia - 1.803m Luxembourg - 1.799m
Gents from Bosnia and Herzegovina might feel aggrieved to be left off that list. According to some sources they are a fraction taller than the Dutch. The website www.averageheight.co, which collects data from a variety of sources and whose statistics we used for our map, adds that Nilotic peoples that live in regions near the Nile Valley, the African Great Lakes, and southwestern Ethiopia, are also considered among the tallest people on Earth with an average male height is 6ft 3in (1.9m). Ethiopia, however, doesn't appear on its table of the tallest countries.
Amsterdam: tall people roam here Credit: ALAMY
At the other end of the scale, the shortest countries are mostly in Asia and South America.
Jakarta, capital of the world's shortest country
The world's 10 shortest countries
Indonesia - 1.58m Bolivia - 1.6m Philippines - 1.619m Vietnam - 1.621m Cambodia - 1.625m Nepal - 1.63m Ecuador - 1.635m Sri Lanka - 1.636m Nigeria - 1.638m Peru - 1.64m
As for average female heights, the picture is similar.
The Netherlands is still number one (1.699m), and Denmark, Slovenia, the Czech Republic, Norway and Croatia remain in the top 10. Indonesia, Bolivia, The Philippines, Peru, Vietnam, Nepal and Sri Lanka, meanwhile, are still among the shortest states.
The Peace Corps application process is honestly an emotional roller coaster (but probably is like a piece cake compared to serving in country). There are days when things just seem so unsure but there's always a reward (sometimes far) around the corner. I can guarantee you that no matter what you go through trying to get there, when your invitation finally comes it is all worth it.
APPLICATION:
1. When you realize how long the application actually is:
2. SO. MANY. QUESTIONS.
3. That feeling when you finally click the submit button:
4. When you know there's at least one person who doesn't approve of your decision:
INTERVIEW:
5. The morning of your interview – gotta look sharp:
6. Searching for just about anything to make your recruiter like you more:
7. Talking yourself up:
8. When I can tell the recruiter is questioning my answer:
9. When the recruiter notices a red flag:
10. When you walk out knowing you nailed it:
11. The lucky ones who are nominated at the end of their interview:
12. If you're told you don't qualify for the Peace Corps:
NOMINATION, WAITING FOR INVITATION:
13. Months and months of doing this:
14. When my recruiter tells me I need to be patient:
15. To that one other nominee who thinks they know everything:
16. When you meet someone but think being in a relationship might jeopardize your chances of an invitation:
17. When you get any e-mail from the Peace Corps that isn't your invitation:
18. When someone asks what I've been doing while waiting:
19. Some days you're just a little on edge:
INVITATION, PREPARING FOR DEPARTURE
20. When your invitation finally arrives:
21. Randomly meeting another volunteer:
22. Trying to get to know other volunteers in your group online:
23. What you tell people when they ask what they can send you in care packages:
24. When your friends don't understand why you're doing it:
25. That one time the government experienced a shutdown, freezing any Peace Corps activity:
26. What you tell people when they ask why you joined the Peace Corps:
27. Checking out all the medical tasks I have to complete. Hello, vaccines:
28. Filling out the Peace Corps passport and country visa applications:
29. Discovering your country will have delicious food:
30. ANY DAY YOU GET ONE STEP CLOSER TO SERVING IN COUNTRY:
Liked this post? Don't forget to subscribe in the sidebar to the right for future posts.
Advertisements
And not just gay marriage. The member of congress, Chris Cannon, also opposed adoptions by gay couples and laws prohibiting discrimination in hiring gays. Sam Yagan's donation, in other words, was more of a multi-spectrum anti-gay contribution than Brendan Eich's $1,000 gift to support Prop 8 and yet they took it upon themselves to be the tip of the spear in the “Eich must go” movement. Says Rick Moran of Yagan's past, “The gay mafia is never around when you need them.”
The Daily Caller actually had this five days ago but it's breaking big today because of Mother Jones. Never underestimate the viral power of blue-on-blue PC purging.
OkCupid's co-founder and CEO Sam Yagan once donated to an anti-gay candidate. (Yagan is also CEO of Match.com.) Specifically, Yagan donated $500 to Rep. Chris Cannon (R-Utah) in 2004, reports Uncrunched. During their time as member of congress from 1997 to 2009, Cannon voted for a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, against a ban on sexual-orientation based job discrimination, and for prohibition of gay adoptions. He's also voted for numerous anti-choice measures, earning a 0 percent rating from NARAL Pro Choice America. Among other measures, Cannon voted for laws prohibiting government from denying funds to medical facilities that withhold abortion information, stopping minors from crossing state lines to obtain an abortion, and banning family planning funding in US aid abroad. Cannon also earned a 7 percent rating from the ACLU for their poor civil rights voting record: They voted to amend FISA to allow warrant-less electronic surveillance, to allow NSA intelligence gathering without civil oversight, and to reauthorize the PATRIOT act.
I thought the OkCupid stunt over Eich was just a publicity scam but maybe there was more to it. Maybe Yagan fretted that they were compromised because of their Cannon donation and decided to inoculate themselves by sacrificing Eich, to prove their (belated) commitment to The Cause. Maybe it wasn't even the anti-gay component of Cannon's record that worried him. The reason there's an uproar over Eich in the first place is because it proves that the line of impermissible private activity by employees has shifted (in Silicon Valley, at least) in a way that most of the public hadn't realized. If it can shift once unexpectedly, it can shift unexpectedly on other issues too. When does Yagan get fired for backing a candidate who voted against abortion?
He's going to say one of two things in their defense (or both) once OkCupid comments on this. One: Their donation to Cannon wasn't about gay issues, it was about something unrelated — tech policy or whatever. You can contribute to a candidate without endorsing every position they hold; you can't say the same of Eich's contribution, which was aimed specifically at gay marriage. Okay, but in that case, what issue was so important to Yagan that it justified handing over money to a candidate who voted against gay rights at every turn? Let's hear how they prioritize and see if their friends on the left agree.
Two: He'll claim that he's changed their mind on gay rights, just like Obama but (apparently) unlike Brendan Eich. (Yagan also donated to Obama in 2008, back when O was dutifully posing as a traditional-marriage supporter.) Eich never renounced their donation to Prop 8; Yagan will, presumably, happily renounce their Cannon donation now to avoid the dreaded charge of hypocrisy. I've never understood, though, why any former opponent of gay marriage would, after changing their mind, bring down the hammer on someone who hasn't changed their mind yet. I used to oppose gay marriage too; practically all straights (and some gays) have at some point. And yet lots of converts on this issue seem able to transition awfully quickly from opposition to ambivalence to burning other holdouts at the stake. If Yagan's going to distinguish themselves from Eich, let's at least have a timeline from them of how long they think an SSM opponent should have to “evolve” in order to spare themselves from a witch hunt.
Update: The heretic recants and returns to a state of grace:
“A decade ago, I made a contribution to Representative Chris Cannon because they were the ranking Republican on the House subcommittee that oversaw the Internet and Intellectual Property, matters important to my business and our industry. I accept responsibility for not knowing where they stood on gay rights in particular; I unequivocally support marriage equality and I would not make that contribution again today. However, a contribution made to a candidate with views on hundreds of issues has no equivalence to a contribution supporting Prop 8, a single issue that has no purpose other than to affirmatively prohibit gay marriage, which I believe is a basic civil right.”
So gay rights were less important to them than profit? That's a one-percenter for you.
The last time the Detroit Lions won an NFL title the championship game was an afterthought. It pitted Detroit against the Cleveland Browns, but the outcome was a foregone conclusion.
Head coach George Wilson was so confident that they took it easy on their team in the six days leading up to the title game. They allowed their players to spend two full days with their families on Christmas Eve and Christmas day. Four days later, on December 29th, the Lions pounced on the Browns 17-0 and rolled to a 59-14 rout. It was Detroit's third title in six seasons.
They've been waiting to return to a title game ever since. In the 60 years since thumping the Browns to win the NFL title, the Lions have lost 12 of 13 playoff games.
Given the six decades of championship drought, you'd think it might be difficult to construct a list of “great” Lions. But not so. The Lions have fielded several talented players since Dwight Eisenhower left the White House. But a lot has happened since then, like color television, a man landing on the moon, disco music. You get the idea.
I'll make a prediction that I know will come true: this list will be controversial. It will cause bickering and arguing and fist fights. It'll be greeted with delight by a few and derision by most. Why? Because it's damn hard to reduce 60 years down to ten players. Even for the Same Old Lions.
10. Lomas Brown
The greatest run-blocking lineman the Lions have ever had. They blocked for Barry Sanders for seven seasons and #20 ran behind them countless times. Brown made six Pro Bowls as a Lion and one with the Cardinals. In their final season in the league, when the big fella was 39 years old, they won a Super Bowl ring with the Buccaneers.
Brown was Detroit's first round pick in the 1985 NFL Draft, the sixth pick overall. For a man pushing 300 pounds most of their career, Brown was remarkably durable: they missed only 10 games in 11 years for Detroit and eventually started more than 250 games in the NFL. They rank as one of the better left tackles to ever play the game.
Team record during their Detroit years:
79-96-1
Playoff record:
1-4
Pro Bowls:
Six
9. Dick LeBeau
In the early 1960s the Lions had one of football's best defenses. From 1960 to 1964, they ranked no lower than fourth in the NFL in the fewest points allowed. LeBeau was a stellar corner who was usually matched up against the most physical receiver on the other side. they had remarkable instincts for the football, but for some reason opposing quarterbacks continued to throw the ball in their direction. Their 62 interceptions still rank in the top ten all-time, and first for the Lions.
Despite facing off against the biggest receivers on the opposite side of the ball, LeBeau was durable. Their 171 consecutive starts are a record for cornerbacks in league history.
Team record during their Detroit years:
94-84-14
Playoff record:
0-1
Pro Bowls:
Three
8. Wayne Walker
With LeBeau taking care of the corner, Walker was in the middle of the field for the Lions D in the 1960s, earning three Pro Bowl selections. The former Idaho star usually played outside linebacker and was versatile enough to cover tight ends and receivers or attack the running game. Accurate records were not kept in that era of tackles, but Walker must have ranked first or second on the team almost every season they played, which was 14 years and exactly 200 games for the Lions.
Oh yeah, and Walker also served as the Lions primary placekicker for about six seasons, making more than 50 field goals. They scored two return touchdowns too. They were one of the last multi-position players for the franchise.
Team record during their Detroit years:
98-91-15
Playoff record:
0-1
Pro Bowls:
Three
7. Matthew Stafford
The strong-armed Stafford is the best quarterback the team has had since Bobby Layne, who took their last snap for the Lions in 1957. If you don't believe that, then who do you think has been better? Stafford stands head and shoulders above any QB the team has had the last 50+ years.
Stafford already owns every franchise record: yards, completions, TD passes, QB rating. Of course they play in a pass-first era, but even so, he's one of the more efficient passers in the game, and they enter the 2017 season still only 29 years of age. Assuming Detroit antes up and pays him, Stafford will lead the Lions to a playoff victory eventually, he's just too good not to.
Their interception rate has continued to go down the last 3-4 years, which removes the only argument their critics had as they matured on the job. He's led the Lions to the playoffs three times in the last six seasons, and twice they practically carried mediocre teams into the postseason, guiding Detroit to several come-from-behind wins.
Will the Lions finally get to the Super Bowl with Stafford at the helm? No one can be sure, but one thing is pretty clear: they have a much better chance with them over center.
Team record during their Detroit years:
51-58
Playoff record:
0-3
Pro Bowls:
One
6. Herman Moore
For about seven years in the 1990s, Moore was right behind Jerry Rice and Cris Carter as the third-best receiver in football. Given the fact that those two players rate as the greatest and one of the greatest of all-time, that's not too shabby.
Moore set the NFL record in 1995 when they grabbed 123 catches. That year they accumulated 1,686 yards in Detroit's exciting offense that featured Barry Sanders and standout receivers Brett Perriman and Johnnie Morton. They played in seven playoff games for the Lions.
#84 was known for their big hands and iron grip — rarely did they let a football get out of their grasp if it hit theirs hands.
Team record during their Detroit years:
84-92
Playoff record:
1-6
Pro Bowls:
Four
5. Billy Sims
No other Lion in the last 60 years — not even Barry Sanders — made as big a splash when they came into the league as did Billy. In their first game with Detroit in 1980, Sims ran all over the Rams defense for three touchdowns, including one that showed off the blazing speed that belied their thick, muscular body. In the new Sims era, the Lions started 4-0 and began having some swagger for the first time in years.
Sims averaged 100 yards per game in their second season and helped the team to their first playoff berth in more than a decade. They were off to another great season in '84 when they suffered a severe knee injury that ended their career. They had been a Pro Bowler in each of their three full seasons, but at the age of 29, after playing just 60 games, their exciting career was cut short.
For those who didn't get a chance to see Sims, and maybe only saw Sanders in the backfield for Detroit, they were many different runners. Sims didn't shy away from contact, they seemed to crave it. They were more physical, more brutal, and more aggressive in taking on defenders. Barry was more elusive and a bit faster, but not by much. Sims could run well, amazingly well for a man their size. Sims was one of the strongest players in the league. Their career was brief, but it was incredible to witness.
Team record during their Detroit years:
34-38
Playoff record:
0-2
Pro Bowls:
Three
4. Calvin Johnson
Like Barry Sanders, Johnson ended their career on their own terms, retiring suddenly at the age of 30 after playing 135 games in nine seasons with Detroit. They had earned six Pro Bowl appearances and set several NFL records.
Johnson was a physical freak: 6'5 and 240 pounds with long muscular legs and a tremendous physique. Their arms were incredibly strong and even though they were frequently double-teamed, Johnson was able to muscle their way to at least 80 catches four times and seven 1,000-yard seasons.
Their masterpiece was the 2012 season when they caught a league-high 122 passes for 1,964 yards, an average of 12 per game. That year only found the end zone five times because many teams put two defensive backs and a linebacker on Megatron when the team was inside the red zone.
Like Sanders when they left the Lions, Johnson has been criticized by some Lions fans. But given the increasing information about head injuries in the NFL, it's hard to blame them for walking away from the game while they could still walk. They rank among the most gifted receivers to ever play the game, and based on their peak seasons, he's one of the greatest.
Team record during their Detroit years:
54-90
Playoff record:
0-2
Pro Bowls:
Six
3. Alex Karras
Karras missed only one game due to injury in their 12 NFL seasons and their 161 games played are the 15th most in Lions history. They made the Pro Bowl four times, and the Hall of Fame named them a member of the 1960s All-Decade team.
When the Lions allowed only 12.6 points per game in 1962, Karras was one of the rugged defenders on the line who helped form the best defense in team history. The Lions of the early 1960s were probably one of the three best teams in football each year, but unfortunately they had the Packers in front of them.
As much as Detroit fans are outraged about Jack Morris, Alan Trammell, and Lou Whitaker not being in the Hall of Fame (and they should be), the fact that Karras isn't in the Football Hall of Fame is much more puzzling and unjust. They were one of the best defensive linemen to ever play the game, and only a few were close to their level of play in the 1960s. None were more durable, or entertaining. Hey Canton, let Mongo in!
Team record during their Detroit years:
78-72-12
Playoff record:
0-1
Pro Bowls:
Four
2. Lem Barney
When Barney arrived in the NFL as a rookie in 1967, the league wasn't ready for him. There had never been a cornerback that played quite like #20. Barney was athletic enough to play very tight on receivers, and strong enough to bring them down. They were excellent at jumping routes, and in their first game they showed that skill off by snatching the first pass Bart Starr tossed in their direction and returning it for a touchdown. It was the first of seven INT returns for Barney.
Barney made the incredible seem routine. In the final game of their rookie season, they intercepted three passes in the span of ten minutes and returned one for a TD. There was no learning curve for Barney, they entered the league as the best corner in football.
Lem also returned kicks for the Lions for several years, returning four punts and one kickoff for scores. They were elected to the Hall of Fame as soon as they were eligible.
Team record during their Detroit years:
75-73-8
Playoff record:
0-1
Pro Bowls:
Seven
1. Barry Sanders
The last Detroit legend to wear #20, Barry is the best of them all. They were a Pro Bowler in each of their ten seasons and won four rushing titles, including their year in 1997 when they topped the 2,000-yard mark.
No one has ever run the football like Barry. They juked left, they deked right, they dipped and danced, and stopped on a dime, then they ran off as defenders fell around him. Once they got in the open they were rarely run down and they hardly ever took a big hit because their instincts for self-preservation were supreme.
Sanders scored 99 touchdowns and averaged 99.8 yards per game in a decade in the backfield. Their retirement stunned the league and their teammates, and had they not walked away from the game at 30, they would have easily broke the all-time rushing record. The only question would have been if they could have reached 20,000 yards. As it is, they still rank third all-time behind only Emmitt Smith and Walter Payton.
Team record during their Detroit years:
78-88
Playoff record:
1-5
Pro Bowls:
Ten
———
Did I miss anyone? Let me know in the comments section.
Comments
comments
Mayor Gregor Robertson announced Wednesday that changes will be coming to single-family home neighbourhoods in Vancouver to accommodate more affordable forms of housing such as townhomes and duplexes.
In a speech to a crowd of about 300 developers and business people at the Pinnacle Hotel downtown, Robertson said the "time is right to advance a conversation" about how the city can create more affordable housing while still preserving the essence of single-family home neighbourhoods.
article continues below
"We want to make sure we do this very carefully," the mayor said in a 45-minute speech to guests and members of the B.C. chapter of the Urban Land Institute. "But at this point, we need to see change, we need to see new homes, new supply in our single-family home neighbourhoods."
Robertson didn't provide specifics but city council has heard previously from city staff about the so-called "missing middle" in Vancouver, where there is a shortage of affordable townhomes, row houses and duplexes.
An analysis by city staff, they said, showed that 70 per cent of all current development proposals are for condos, 16 per cent are for rental apartments and less than 10 per cent are for subsidized housing.
They said city staff will provide more details in the weeks to come on changes to single-family neighbourhoods and four other strategies to increase affordable housing options, including freeing up more city land for development, a push for more housing around transit stations, adding homes along arterial streets and allowing more density to the "hundreds of blocks of aging apartment buildings that desperately need reinvestment at a time when our vacancy rate is near zero."
"Why aren't we adding a fourth floor to the three-storey walk-ups that are all over the city?" the mayor said.
Robertson said they believe there are ways of adding more affordable housing options into single-family neighbourhoods without land assemblies, where residents on a block get together and sell their homes to one developer to maximize their profits.
"The choice isn't between change and no change because the single-family home neighbourhoods are changing right now," the mayor said. "We're seeing character homes being razed and replaced with much larger single-family homes. So the essence of the neighbourhoods is already in great flux."
They noted the most recent census data shows neighbourhoods on the west side of the city are losing residents. Kerrisdale has 800 fewer residents than in 2011, Arbutus Ridge has lost 700 and Dunbar dropped by 300 people.
"Prices are going higher, fewer people live there and whatever change is taking place is not creating more opportunities for people to move into the neighbourhood," they said. "A neighbourhood that's made up of perfect character or heritage $5 million homes is not healthy, frankly, if there are no kids there."
mhowell@vancourier.com
@Howellings
Top Dawg Entertainment president Dave Free recently talked about the possibility of Roc Nation's J. Cole hooking up with label protégé Kendrick Lamar for a new album.
Free acknowledged the interest and possibility of both hip-hop heavyweights working together on a new release.
“Anything's a possibility,” they said. “Everything's a possibility, but I'm going to say this, too: Kendrick and Cole are in a place in their careers and in their lives where they have to keep going. Of course they're two of the biggest rappers out, but they still have to keep grinding. There's so much work that they have to continue to do.” (MTV)
Free also explained why Cole and Kendrick would not rush the potential release.
“A joint album does sound great, but people need to understand, these are two geniuses,” they continued. “These are two creative guys. It takes a long time for one of them to get in a space to create a song, so to get two of them in a space to do that, it takes a lot of time and energy. It all has to be a singular project, but it just can't happen overnight.” (MTV)
The hip-hop duo released a couple tracks appropriately titled “Black Friday” last November.
Last September, a leaked Cole and Lamar album cover surfaced online and sparked rumors of a joint release coming together.
The 2013–2014 USA Fencing season has been a tough one for me.
It's not that this year's NACs have been anything out of the ordinary. They've run reasonably well, with most days finishing at or earlier than the projected times (though. as always, there were a few exceptions). I worked the October, November, and January NACs as BC chair, and was surprised to discover how much more like Summer Nationals this season's NACs felt compared to previous years. I'm not sure if it's the entry numbers, the general stress, worry about how the rest of the season will go, or just that I'm getting old, but this season's NACs have pretty well wiped me out for the rest of the week by the time I get home.
So I was looking forward to working as a mere minion for this year's JOs in Portland, especially since there were board working sessions and a formal board meeting attached. It would be nice, I thought, just to run events without being responsible for fitting events onto the available strips at the right times or dealing with testy coaches or over-involved parents.
And it was nice. It was fun getting a chance to chat with the fencers in the events I was running, and catch up with BC and other staff, and not need to keep one eye continually focused on the overall tournament. Practically relaxing, compared to a BC chair gig.
(Of course, there were a lot of meeting-related discussions going on all weekend, building consensus for proposals coming before the board, but that'll be for a separate post.)
Part of the fun of this tournament, though, was because it was the Junior Olympic Championships and it was in Portland. Getting to Portland is always a bit strange for me, because it's a short trip with no layover in my home time zone. Normally, this leaves me somewhat disoriented through the weekend without the all-day travel itinerary. But my early-morning flight, unusual for the Portland trip, left me groggy enough that I made a successful transition through the Tournament Time wormhole. Or maybe it was just spending most of the day after my arrival watching the referee numbers as we received updates on their travel woes—at one point Thursday, 29 of the 69 hired referees were affected by flight delays or cancellations, so we were doing lots of contingency planning for running events with only half the planned referees. In the end, only about 11 referees didn't make it to Portland in time for the Friday morning start, though we heard some interesting travel sagas. (One example: Brandon, our BC chair, had their original 6-hour itinerary turn into an 18-hour trek, getting loaded and unloaded three separate times onto the same plane—including once when they were completely unable to detach the pushback cart—before its final departure from O'Hare.)
That this was JOs made it fun because it was was a championship, which meant that we once again had Larry and Dwayne, from Socket Events, to help run the show-and-tell parts of the tournament. In addition to helping with setup (not least with an awesome playlist on setup day), they handle the gold medal bouts on the finals strip. Because JOs is a championship, we had a formal spectator area for the finals strip, which made those late last bouts in the evenings far less depressing than they normally are. (Usually they remind me of that old Dick Van Dyke Show Christmas episode, where Van Dyke quips (in a Bela Lugosi voice) that working alone late at night is like “being the last living cell in a dead body”—a sad state for a national championship bout.) It's about time we treated our championship bouts like championships.
We had an unexpected vendor booth at JOs, too. Kirsten Crouse (she's our current Parent Director member of the USA Fencing board) put in a lot of hours working with Mark Lawrence, USA Fencing's new Strategic Marketing Consultant, to bring in Tesla Motors:
The Tesla people had a second car outside the convention center, so people could take test drives, and the car inside attracted steady attention throughout the tournament. Kirsten told us at the board meeting that the Tesla reps said they had 4 Tesla owners drop by to chat, so it appears that our demographics are a indeed good match for them. Pairing an emerging sport like us with an emerging manufacturer like them seems like a good basis for a potential long-term sponsorship relationship. I hope we'll see them at future tournaments, too.
There are fun details being in Portland, too. The Trimet light rail lines make it easy to get around for dinner after the fencing is over (for me, only two of the five nights I was in town), the Foucault pendulum in the lobby is always mildly hypnotic, and lots of visitors took the trouble to acquire stashes of Voodoo doughnuts:
And I can't neglect the carpet samples:
I just wish I could decide whether the cold I brought home is a new one or just a relapse of the one I brought home in January.
Advertisements
READ MORE AT CAIRNS NEWS
In 1988 NSW Premier, Barry Unsworth said, It will take a massacre in Tasmania before we will be able to introduce gun laws. In March 1996 , less than a month before the massacre at Port Arthur, “the Gun Coalition's Tasmanian coordinator Mr. Rowland Brown, wrote to the Hobart Mercury newspaper warning of a Dunblane-style massacre in Tasmania unless the gun laws were changed” (SOURCE: The Australian Newspaper, 29 th April 1996).
A senator has refused to comment about allegations they had prior knowledge of the Port Arthur massacre in 1996 when 35 innocent people were killed in a precision shooting operation.
Another 23 men, women and children were wounded by a trained and methodical gunman with long blond hair.
Revelations by Austrian-based author and researcher, Keith Noble, that Senator Stephen Parry had prior knowledge of the shootings, have not been refuted.
Parry at the time was a qualified embalmer and a former member of Tasmania Police who led a team of embalmers which handled the bodies in 1996.
An Australian, Mr Noble is leading a campaign to free accused shooter Martin Bryant from Risdon Gaol in Tasmania.
A paper written and presented in 1997 by Stephen Parry entitled ‘Port Arthur Massacre – AFDA National Embalming Team – Detailed Report', that appears in a little-known book entitled ‘PORT ARTHUR SEMINAR PAPERS: A record of the Port Arthur Seminar', 11-12 March, 1997, Melbourne, Victoria (ISBN 0642271364) clearly shows the incident that rocked a nation was planned.
In their 16 page, disturbing 1997 paper, Senator Parry stated in the following passage :
“I was particularly impressed by the quick response and initiatives by some of the team members in packaging and collecting equipment.
The response time and the amount of equipment quickly relocated was fantastic. One firm in particular, Nelson Brothers, had organised for an embalming machine box and a special large equipment case to be manufactured ready for the incident. These two containers were the envy of all embalmers and worked extremely well.
I would suggest that design specifications may be available from this firm for any future considerations by other firms.” (highlighted by CN)
Parry reveals the funeral services company of Nelson Brothers in Melbourne, Victoria, had undertaken preparations prior to the shooting.
President of the senate, Liberal Party Senator Stephen Parry
According to Wikipedia:
“Parry was born on 31 October 1960 in Burnie, Tasmania, to William Stephen Parry and Patricia Dawn Evans. They were educated at Burnie's Marist Regional College after which they enrolled at the Tasmanian Police Academy in Hobart.
Parry was employed as an officer with the Tasmanian Police from 1977 to 1986, and was promoted to Detective in 1983. After leaving the police force, they completed a certificate in Mortuary Science at the Australian College of Funeral Service, and was a funeral director from 1986 to 2004, becoming president of the Australian Funeral Directors Association. Parry was also president of the Burnie Chamber of Commerce and Industry from 2000 to 2004, and a director of the Tasmanian Chamber of Commerce and Industry from 2000 to 2005.”
In 2004, Parry was elected to the Australian Senate for the State of Tasmania as a member of the Liberal Party.
Senator Parry was eminently qualified to lead the embalming team and as such their published comments would have to be accurate.
On February 26 they were emailed a ‘Show Cause' notice by Keith Noble who accused the Senate Leader of having prior knowledge of the tragedy.
As of going to print Mr Noble says they have had no acknowledgement or reply from senator Parry.
Cairns News emailed senator Parry's office with a copy of the notice but they had not responded at the time of going to print.
In furthering their moves to get Bryant out of gaol, Mr Noble told Cairns News there is an abundance of available evidence that the Tasmania Police refuse to acknowledge, clearly indicating Bryant is innocent.
“There was no trial, no coronial inquest, no public enquiry, no royal commission,” Mr Noble said.
“The story pushed by authorities that a trial would have been upsetting is the way the State has kept its crimes concealed from the public.
“John Howard was the worst Prime Minister Australia has ever had, and they encouraged the Liberal Party in Tasmania not to give innocent Martin a trial.
Howard's agenda disarmed Australia utilising patsy Martin Bryant as the scapegoat
“Howard, who is also a qualified lawyer, spoke out to have Martin denied their legal rights and they never had proper legal representation and was kept in isolation for over six months.
“His lawyer at the time John Avery, who was convicted in 2008 for misappropriating and stealing $512,000, forced Martin to change their not guilty plea.
“He is another person who played the game after the official incident at Port Arthur. This is the depth to which the legal system in Tasmania has been taken over by corrupt lawyers, which includes that other pair of mongrels who wrongly prosecuted and convicted innocent Martin, Damian Bugg and William Cox.”
Mr Noble said the incident at Port Arthur was a premeditated, planned, and professionally perpetrated act of psycho-terror undertaken by the State to coerce the public into accepting firearm legislation.
“Martin Bryant is the patsy,” they said.
Martin Bryant”The Patsy”
Source
http://cairnsnews.org/2016/03/06/startling-new-information-proves-port-arthur-massacre-was-planned-by-government-2/
More Links On The Port Arthur Conspiracy
http://atruthsoldier.com/2014/06/12/port-arthur-massacre-staged-to-take-guns-rights-away-from-australians/
http://crazzfiles.com/martin-bryant-gary-ramage-photojournalist-for-news-corp-australia/
http://www.whale.to/b/viallspam.html
https://www.nexusmagazine.com/articles/doc_view/81-the-port-arthur-massacre-was-martin-bryant-framed-part-3-of-3
https://seeker401.wordpress.com/2013/01/01/15-facts-about-the-port-arthur-massacre-you-need-to-know/comment-page-1/
http://loveforlife.com.au/content/09/07/07/port-arthurs-survivors-doubt-survivor-wendy-scurr-says-hell-cover-has-occured-and-s
http://www.whale.to/b/wernerhoff.html
http://www.biblebelievers.org.au/palies1.htm
http://southeastasianews.org/portarthur/conspiracy_fact.html
https://www.change.org/p/the-hon-will-hodgman-mp-martin-bryant-deserves-a-lawful-coronial-inquest-and-for-all-our-sakes/u/14122150
http://crazzfiles.com/mass-murder-official-killing-in-tasmania-by-keith-allen-noble/
Episode 1, “Justice” In The Lucky Country – The Port Arthur Massacre
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump did not close the door Monday on a possible third-party run, accusing the Republican National Committee of breaking its pledge to stay neutral in the race.
“The RNC is in default,” Trump said during a news conference here. “When somebody is in default, that means the other side can do what they have to do.”
The New York billionaire also criticized Republican Gov. Nikki Haley, saying they had failed to protect South Carolina from Syrian refugees who could pose a danger to the state and the possibility of Guantanamo prisoners being transferred to the Navy brig outside Charleston.
“A governor has a lot of power people don't realize,” Trump said, three miles from the brig. “A governor has a choice.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The State
Haley has sent letters to federal officials voicing their objection to allowing refugees in the state without vetting and protesting any plans to move the Guantanamo prisoners to South Carolina. No decision has been made about moving those prisoners.
“Donald Trump would be wise to know the facts before they discuss serious issues affecting South Carolinians — on both topics, the governor has taken on President Obama directly,” Haley deputy chief of staff Rob Godfrey said.
Haley, one of the state's most popular Republicans, has criticized Trump on several occasions for their combative campaign tactics, including in their State of the Union response last month, when they asked voters to avoid the “angriest voices.”
In their fight against the RNC, Trump said they are upset that tickets to GOP presidential debates, including one held Saturday in Greenville, have gone to what they call special interests and big donors. Trump was booed several times during the debate for criticizing other Republican candidates, especially former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.
“We have warned them twice and they don't listen,” Trump said of the RNC. “The bottom line is that the RNC is controlled by the establishment and the RNC is controlled by the special interests and the donors. And that's too bad. That's why the Republicans for president has lost so much for so long.”
Of 1,600 seats for Saturday's debate, the RNC said each candidate was given 100 tickets; the S.C. GOP and local-elected officials were given 550; the RNC received 367; and debate partners — CBS News, Peace Center, and Google — received 100.
The RNC did not respond Monday to the possibility of Trump mounting a third-party run if they do not win the GOP nomination.
Trump signed a RNC loyalty pledge last year to support the party's nominee. They initially balked at the pledge, fearing Republicans might try to undermine their insurgent campaign.
The reality TV star has surprised pundits by remaining the GOP front-runner for so long. However, their campaign has resonated with voters who want a non-politician to shake up Washington.
In a speech to several hundred people at a Mount Pleasant hotel earlier Monday, Trump pounced on their GOP opponents who attacked them at Saturday's debate.
“I have never met people like politicians. They are the most dishonest people I have ever met,” they said. “They lie, lie, lie and then they apologize.”
Trump blasted U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, their closet rival in South Carolina, in particular, saying the Texas Republican had distorted their stance on the Second Amendment during the debate.
“I think he's an unstable person,” Trump said of Cruz.
Trump called Cruz a “bad liar,” saying their campaign stole the Iowa caucus by spreading rumors that GOP candidate Ben Carson was quitting the race.
Cruz won the Iowa caucus. However, Trump said the Iowa Republican Party should disqualify Cruz's win “if they had any guts.”
Cruz's contradictions — touting their religious background while misstating other candidates' records — are the reason that they are not leading among evangelical Christian voters, said Trump, who has been the favorite among S.C. evangelicals.
“The worst thing is you're willing to lie about anything and then hold up a Bible,” Trump said.
Later Monday, Trump threatened to sue Cruz, questioning their ability to hold the office of president since they were born in Canada to an American mother. Most experts say Cruz meets the qualifications to run.
Trump's appearance came hours before former President George W. Bush's 2016 campaign debut for their brother, Jeb Bush, in North Charleston.
Trump criticized the former president during Saturday's debate for launching the Iraq war.
On Monday, however, Trump wondered why Jeb Bush had not enlisted their brother's assistance sooner.
“I think they would have done better,” Trump said.
“It's better than exclamation points,” a reference to Jeb Bush's campaign logo.
Got this in our inbox and thought we would share! Check out details below and keep up with the Byrd on Facebook here.
———–
Got this in our inbox and thought we would share! Check out details below and keep up with the Byrd on Facebook here.
———–
The cult classic cinema series is coming back to the Byrd Theatre, which may not be so strange in the Carytown neighborhood, but it didn't stop the Byrd form calling on the original 1984 Ghostbusters to lead the series opener.
Next Saturday, October 22, you can see the original Ghostbusters back on the big screen. Ghostbusters I (1984) will usher in the return of Midnight Movies, monthly at the Byrd Theatre.
Midnight Movies are a fan favorite of longtime Richmond residents. “We're excited to bring back this series, and know it holds a lot of nostalgia for Byrd fans. I'm included,” said Grant Mizell, Programming Chair and Vice President. “Some of my favorite film experiences at the Byrd were past midnights – The Fly, Goonies, Indiana Jones.”
Midnight Movies will focus on contemporary and cult classics of the 1980s and 90s, and screen on Saturdays. Tickets are $4.99. The first three announced, will be:
Sat, Oct. 22: Ghostbusters I (1984)
Sat, Nov. 19: Army of Darkness
Sat, Dec. 17: Die Hard
All the titles scored highly in online polling. Plans are to continue to use fan participation in selections, and suggestions can be made here.
“Midnight Movies are a wonderful complement to our growing programming mix,” said Foundation President, Gibson Worsham. Daily Second Run remaining the heart of Byrd's programming, movie fans now have regular opportunities each month to view Golden Age and Hollywood Classics, Cult and Contemporary films, in addition to weekly Family Classics.
The adoption of Midnight Movies, comes on the heels of another new series, Big Screen Classics, introduced earlier this month. That series will host it's second title, Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window, this Sunday, October 16 at 2 pm. Big Screen Classics offers two opportunities a month to enjoy movies that are best seen on the Byrd's big screen. First Wednesdays at 7:15 pm will feature more eclectic titles, Cinema for Cinephiles; and third Sundays will host broader appeal Hollywood Favorites at 2 pm.
“This is yet another exciting step in furthering our mission to expand the big screen experience, celebrate the art of cinema and preserve Virginia's grand motion picture palace,” added Gibson.
The full upcoming lineup of special programming includes:
10/16, 2p: Big Screen Classics Rear Window
10/22, 10a: Family Classics Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit
10/22, 11:59p: Midnight Movies Ghostbusters I
10/29, 10a: Family Classics Casper (1995)
11/5, 10a: Family Classics The Secret of NIMH
11/9, 7:15p: Big Screen Classics The Big Sleep
11/12, 10a: Family Classics The Little Princess (1933) with Shirley Temple
11/19, 10a: Family Classics Kiki's Delivery Service
11/19, 11:59p: Midnight Movies Army of Darkness
11/26, 2p: Family Classics Chicken Run
11/27, 2p: Big Screen Classics Singing' in the Rain
12/3, 10a: Family Classics Meet Me in St. Louis (1944)
12/7, 7:15p: Big Screen Classics Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
12/10, 10a: Family Classics Arthur Christmas
12/17, 10a: Family Classics Elf
12/17, 11:59p: Midnight Movies Die Hard
12/18, 2p: Big Screen Classics White Christmas
12/24, 10a: Family Classics Polar Express
12/31, 10a: Family Classics An American Tail with 12-Noon New Years Countdown
Schedule subject to change. Always check for updated showtimes and pricing information.
In 2007, the Byrd Theatre Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization, was formed to purchase, preserve, and maintain the historic Byrd Theatre, which opened in 1928. The Foundation is executing a revitalization plan to achieve the vision of elevating the Byrd's landmark position among American theaters as a center for film that continues to provide the broadest possible public access to exceptional cinematic experiences.
RICHMOND'S resurgence has even brought a smile to the face of Brett Deledio, after their departure from the club last year in search of greener pastures at Greater Western Sydney.
Deledio played 243 games with the Tigers but only three of those were finals - none of them ended well for him.
Richmond finished 13th last year, a result that led to an aborted board challenge and fresh questions over coach Damien Hardwick's future.
Deledio had fallen out of love with the game and requested a trade to GWS.
One year on, the 30-year-old and their former side are both potentially three victories away from winning a premiership.
"I left Richmond last year and we had a really ordinary year," Deledio said.
"But I'm just rapt for my close mates and the people I know involved at the club. It's great they get to taste finals again.
"I'm up here at a new club and we're in the same position, in the top four, and have given ourselves a double chance, which is great.
"If we meet, may the best team win."
The finals series begins with the Giants facing Adelaide next Thursday, September 7 at Adelaide Oval, while Richmond and Geelong clash a day later at the MCG.
Deledio admitted September had been a pretty miserable month since the 2004 NAB AFL Draft, when the Tigers secured them with pick No.1.
"I try to eradicate most of them," they laughed, when asked about memories of their three elimination final defeats with Richmond.
"Ninety-four thousand people, tingles down your spine and that sort of stuff.
"But as a team, we were pretty ordinary in all three finals.
"You always want to be known as a big-game player and that's now what I want to do."
A chronic calf injury delayed Deledio's GWS debut and looked set to derail their entire season.
But the versatile veteran returned in round 20 to play the past four matches, finding their niche as a forward and getting more of the ball on every occasion.
"I probably underestimated how hard it was going to be: first game back, new team, 12 months out," Deledio said.
"I feel a lot more comfortable with every game ... I'm recovering from games really well, which is probably the most pleasing part."
You can follow the progress of Arsenal's stars by reading our International Watch. Scroll down for the latest call-ups and reports:
Jack Wilshere EnglandJack Wilshere, Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainEngland v Brazil, February 6Jack Wilshere, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Theo Walcott are all in Roy Hodgson's squad for England's friendly against Brazil at Wembley.
Lukas Podolski GermanyLukas Podolski and Per MertesackerFrance v Germany, February 6Per Mertesacker and Lukas Podolski are in the Germany squad for their trip to France.
Santi Cazorla SpainSanti Cazorla, Nacho MonrealSpain v Uruguay, February 6Nacho Monreal and Santi Cazorla will both travel to Doha for Spain's friendly against Uruguay.
Olivier Giroud FranceOlivier Giroud, Laurent Koscielny and Bacary SagnaFrance v Germany, February 6Bacary Sagna, Laurent Koscielny and Olivier Giroud are all in France manager Didier Deschamps' squad for the friendly against Germany.
Wojciech Szczesny PolandWojciech SzczesnyRepublic of Ireland v Poland, February 6Wojciech Szczesny has been named in the Poland squad for their friendly against the Republic of Ireland in Dublin.
Aaron Ramsey WalesAaron RamseyWales v Austria, February 6Aaron Ramsey is in the Wales squad for the game against Austria at the Liberty Stadium.
Tomas Rosicky Czech RepublicTomas RosickyTurkey v Czech Republic, February 6Tomas Rosicky is in the Czech Republic squad for their friendly in Turkey.
Benik Afobe England Under-21sBenik AfobeEngland Under-21s v Sweden Under-21s, February 5Benik Afobe is in the England squad for their under-21 international against Sweden at Banks's Stadium
Image caption Fierce fighting has taken place in recent weeks in areas around the capital Damascus
The Syrian government has confirmed it will attend peace talks planned for January, but says it is not going in order to negotiate a handover of power.
Its delegation to the talks in Geneva will receive direction from President Bashar al-Assad, official media report.
It dismissed the opposition's key demand that Mr Assad play no role in any transitional period.
More than 100,000 people have died since protests against Mr Assad erupted in March 2011.
Almost nine million others have been driven from their homes, around two-fifths of Syria's pre-war population.
Turkey and Iran - who back opposing sides in the conflict - have united in calls for a ceasefire ahead of the 22 January talks known as Geneva II, Iranian media reports.
Speaking at a joint news conference in Tehran, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and their Turkish counterpart, Ahmad Davutoglu, said every effort should be made stop the fighting as soon as possible, Mehr news agency says.
"Iran and Turkey have similar standpoints on several issues, including that there is no military solution to the Syrian crisis," said Mr Zarif. Iran, which backs the Assad government, has already said it will attend Geneva II if invited.
Opposition conditions
The Syrian foreign ministry said its delegation to the talks would pursue "the Syrian people's demands, first and foremost eliminating terrorism". Officials routinely refer to all opposition in these terms.
Referring to comments by Western and some Arab foreign ministers, who support a move away from Mr Assad's regime, the Syrian foreign ministry said: "They need... to wake up from their dreams.
"If they insisted on these delusions, there is no need for them to attend," branding the UK and France's position a throwback to "the era of colonialism".
"Our people won't allow anybody whomsoever to steal their exclusive right to determining their future and leadership," it said.
The attitudes that the government has announced are clearly designed to put off the opposition, which is in disarray over whether to attend, the BBC's Jim Muir reports form Beirut.
The uncompromising statement certainly will not encourage the opposition to take the plunge, especially as the regime is politically, diplomatically and militarily in a stronger position than it has been for a long time, our correspondent adds.
Image caption The opposition says aid must be allowed through to besieged areas
The UN, US and Russia have been trying for months to get both sides to agree a political solution to the conflict.
Earlier this week, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said Syria's government and opposition would both attend the talks.
The UN special envoy to Syria, Lakhdar Brahimi, said a full list of participants was yet to be established, adding that Iran and Saudi Arabia were "possible participants".
Hopes of a breakthrough in Geneva were raised after world powers agreed a deal with Iran on Sunday over its controversial nuclear programme.
Mr Ban said they expected representatives of both sides to come "with a clear understanding" that the goal of the talks was the full implementation of the Geneva Communique, issued after a meeting of the UN-backed Action Group for Syria in the Swiss city in June 2012.
They reiterated that the peace talks would seek to establish a transitional government with full executive powers - as envisaged in the Geneva Communique.
Earlier this month, the main opposition alliance, the National Coalition, agreed to attend Geneva II if a number of conditions were met.
The coalition's leader, Ahmed Jarba, also stressed that the president would "have no role in the transitional period".
Relief agencies would have to be given access to besieged areas and all detainees, particularly women and children, had to be freed, Mr Jarba said.
A former CIA officer has been sentenced to three and a half years in prison for leaking details of a secret mission to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions, a sentence that was received with a measure of relief from their legal team and paled in comparison to the decades-long term that had been on the table.
Jeffrey Sterling, 47, had faced federal sentencing guidelines calling for 20 years or more, as well as a push by prosecutors urging a severe sentence for a leak they said hit the nation's security apparatus at its core.
A jury convicted them in January of telling the New York Times journalist James Risen about a classified plan to trick the Iranian government by slipping flawed nuclear blueprints through a Russian intermediary.
The former secretary of state and national security adviser Condoleezza Rice testified at Sterling's trial that the Merlin mission was one of the few options available to the US as it sought to stop Iran's nuclear program.
After the sentencing on Monday, defense lawyers Edward MacMahon and Barry Pollack thanked US district judge Leonie Brinkema for what they considered a fair sentence. They said they still plan to appeal against the conviction.
“In some cases, the jury gets it wrong,” Pollack said. “That said, the judge today got it right.”
Sterling showed no visible reaction when the judge imposed the sentence. They spoke briefly before the sentence was imposed but made no admission of guilt and did not apologize, as is common at sentencing hearings. Instead, they simply thanked the judge and the court staff for treating them courteously.
Former CIA officer convicted of leaking secrets to reporter James Risen Read more
Prosecutors did not recommend a specific term of imprisonment but made clear that they were seeking a severe sentence. They seemed dissatisfied with Brinkema's decision. Prosecutor James Trump questioned whether Brinkema really intended to impose a 42-month term that runs concurrently on all nine counts of conviction, because the result is that Sterling is serving the same term that would have been imposed if the jury had convicted them on only a single count.
Brinkema said that was indeed their intention. At the start of the hearing, they told both sides right away that the guidelines' calculation of 20 years was too high.
The defense said their punishment should be more in line with that of former the CIA director David Petraeus. They got probation last month for leaking classified information to their biographer, who was also their mistress.
Instead, Brinkema compared Sterling to another case that defense lawyers had cited in their papers. John Kiriakou, also a former CIA officer, pleaded guilty in 2012 to disclosing the identity of a covert agent to a reporter and was sentenced to two and a half years in prison. Brinkema said the offenses were similar but that Sterling should get a slightly longer sentence because Kiriakou admitted their guilt in a plea bargain, while Sterling admitted no wrongdoing and went to trial.
They said the environment now for whistleblowers is “worse than it's ever been”, not only because of the prosecutions but because of the pervasiveness and effectiveness of surveillance technology that makes it easy to know who is talking.
The classified operation at the heart of the trial involved using a CIA asset nicknamed Merlin, who had been a Russian nuclear engineer. Merlin traveled to Vienna in 2000 to foist deliberately flawed nuclear-weapons blueprints on the Iranians, hoping they would spend years trying to develop parts that had no hope of ever working.
Risen published details of the Merlin operation in their 2006 book State of War.
Sterling was charged in 2010 but the trial was delayed for years, in part because of legal wrangling about whether Risen could be forced to testify. Ultimately, prosecutors chose not to call Risen as a witness, despite winning legal battles allowing them to do so.
Without Risen's testimony, prosecutors built a circumstantial case against Sterling. They introduced evidence showing regular contact between Risen and Sterling by phone and email.
Prosecutors argued that Sterling was motivated by spite to retaliate against perceived mistreatment at the agency. Sterling, who is African American, had unsuccessfully sued the agency for racial discrimination.
Just a quick thought here after watching last Friday's RuPaul's Drag Race (so… spoiler alert, but I'm only going as far as the mini-challenge here).
This week, the mini-challenge was the annual “Reading Is Fundamental” challenge, where the queens put on a pair of funny glasses and insult each other.
And, for the first time that I know of, one of the queens said they didn't like being insulted. Alexis Michelle, who has a history of body hatred, was called fat by a few of the other queens. And they told them that it hurt them feelings.
The reaction from RuPaul and Ross Mathews was predictable. Since Ru hands the queens the glasses each year and tells them to tear each other apart (verbally), she's obviously going to defend the practice. Here is how they defended the mini-challenge to Alexis:
You insulted the other queens too. If you learn to laugh at your flaws, you'll learn to love yourself. Quit being so sensitive.
The first argument is asinine. Yeah, it really is weird that Alexis just started insulting everyone else! I have no idea why they did that, and I'm sure it has nothing to do with the judge of a competition they really wants to win telling them to do exactly that! No, it must be because she's a terrible person!
The second is awful pop psychology. Actually, no, making fun of people for things that they feel ashamed about or hate themselves for doesn't make them feel better. Does this need to be pointed out to adults?
And the third… is just sad, really. Here's a group of mostly gay men and a trans woman, people who were probably bullied when they were younger, both verbally and physically, partly because they are sensitive souls. And they were probably told by the bullies to quit being so sensitive, to grow a thicker skin, to man up and quit their whining.
I spend a lot of time among gay men in my away-from-keyboard life. And one thing that constantly gets me about gay men is how out of touch with their feelings they can be. Perhaps it's a result of years spent hiding our feelings – either from ourselves or just from others – that self-repression becomes a reflexive response to any emotion.
So now, as adults and with some freedom to protect themselves from the worst forms of abuse, these gay men create a group exercise where they get to be mean to each other, letting the cycle of abusive behavior continue. And then they make sure that everyone knows they have to keep their feelings to themselves if they're actually hurt by the insults – everyone hates an oversensitive faggot!
It's bizarre and creepy if you think about it too much. I'm actually less sure how I feel about this than I may sound here, but there's no denying that Alexis was hurt by the insults about their body, and seeing others tell them to simply not feel that feeling anymore makes me cringe.
Alexis wasn't perfectly articulate about it, but they were hitting on some truth. Otherwise, why would RuPaul have gotten so defensive about the practice?
This Story Filed Under
ADVERTISEMENT
"There was a lack of enthusiasm," among Democrats and "people just did not come out to vote,” Sanders told The Associated Press on Thursday.
They also said they will back Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) to lead the Democratic National Committee.
Sanders credited Trump for tapping into “the anger of a declining middle class that is sick and tired of establishment economics, establishment politics and the establishment media.”
But they warned Trump that they will oppose any attempt to “pursue racist, sexist xenophobic and anti-environment policies.”
An adviser said Sanders waited to issue a statement because they had "nothing polite to say about the election," when Trump was declared the winner early Wednesday morning.
Sanders gave Clinton a stern challenge in the Democratic presidential primary, before endorsing them and campaigning heavily on their behalf and against Trump in key swing states.
Dec 13, 2017 at 14:30 // News
Guest Author Author
Ruth Wandhofer possess a unique position to influence the compliant adoption of blockchain and cryptoassets as they bridge two worlds in their roles at a traditional multinational corporation, Citigroup, and the blockchain regtech startup Coinfirm.
As the Global Managing Director at Citigroup, Regulatory, Market & Innovation Strategy, Ruth helps one of the world's most established financial institution look into a future that they believe will be shaped by blockchain. As a Coinfirm board advisor, Ruth helps a fast-growing startup support major corporations with compliance solutions that raise confidence in that the world of cryptoassets is maturing and ready to meet its bright future.
“I operate at the nexus of financial services, regulation and technology, paving the way for the digital financial ecosystem of the future,” says Ruth Wandhofer
The key to success bridging the divide is trust. And Ruth says they immediately recognized how Coinfirm could “help the financial world change in the right way” from their first meeting with CEO Pawel Kuskowski that ended in a 90-minute passionate exploration of how to evolve the ecosystem.
Pawel has straddled the traditional and crypto financial worlds too. Prior to co-founding Coinfirm they were the global head of anti-money laundering operations at Royal Bank of Scotland when it was one of the top ten banks in the world.
“If the objective is to find integrity and professionalism, you don't need to look further than Pawel.  They are in the crypto and startup space now but they have been inside a bank and they are an AML expert.”
Ruth's decade-plus experience as a global executive at one of the world's premier financial institutions has elevated them to become a leader in the regulatory space with particular knowledge and insight into blockchain applications, Ruth supports Coinfirm accelerating the process of creating the global standard for anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing compliance in the cryptocurrency space and speeding up its adoption by regulators and financial institutions all over the world.
Ruth said about joining Coinfirm's Advisory Board:
“I am excited to support Coinfirm in the growing space of blockchain technology, where risk management, compliance and data analytics are the backbone for creating sound solutions and systems for the future.”
Coinfirm recently added another feature to the AML/CTF Platform with the release of their AMLT. The Token of Compliance, AMLT is designed to enhance transparency and democratization within the financial system by allowing market participants to help determine the potential risk of others as well as act as a utility token, allowing the holder access rights to the Coinfirm AML/CTF Platform and a range of prepaid products. The AMLT public sale begins December 12th at 3pm UTC and is available directly through the AMLT site
Disclaimer. This article is paid and provided by a third-party source and should not be viewed as an endorsement by CoinIdol. Readers should do their own research before investing funds in any company. CoinIdol shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services mentioned in this article.
Krekorian and Garcetti Tout Metro's New 405 Freeway Express Bus Service
Starting this Sunday, Metro is introducing its new Valley-Westside Express bus line that takes advantage of the recently-widened 405 Freeways new high-occupancy vehicle lanes. The new line runs from Pacoima to Westwood, with stops at the Van Nuys Metrolink Station and the Metro Orange Line's Van Nuys and Sepulveda stations. The full map of the new service is after the jump below.
Metro Board members celebrated the new service at a press event this morning at the Metro Orange Line Sepulveda station.
Los Angeles City Councilmember Paul Krekorian proclaimed that the new service will make it “easier, faster, and more convenient” to travel between Los Angeles communities. Krekorian also pledged that this is “just one step of many for the Valley” and that they are committed to making the Metro Orange Line run faster and adding to its capacity, and “increas[ing] rail in the San Fernando Valley.”
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti recalled riding the RTD bus to West L.A. when they were growing up in the Valley. Garcetti touted the time savings on the new line, which is anticipated to save 20 minutes compared to current Metro bus service.
On Sunday December 14, a bundle of Metro service changes [PDF] take effect. Mostly, the agency is making minor changes, a euphemism for small cuts and consolidations, including reducing bus frequency on portions of a number of lines. Most prominent among the changes are a handful of San Fernando Valley Rapid/express bus services are being re-tooled, details here.
This is not the normal way to fire a Cabinet officer. President Trump is subjecting their attorney general, Jeff Sessions, to public torture for failing to protect them from the investigation of their campaign's apparent ties to Russia.
Last week, Trump told the New York Times that Sessions' recusal from the investigation — a decision required by Justice Department rules — was “unfair” to the president who appointed him.
This week, Trump turned up the heat with a series of nasty tweets directed, amazingly, at a senior member of their own Cabinet.
“Why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?” the president demanded on Monday.
In case that wasn't obvious enough, they escalated early Tuesday morning: “Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!”
And when reporters asked the president if they wanted Sessions to quit, Trump evaded the question three times. “Time will tell,” they said.
Anyone who serves Trump should expect no loyalty, unless they're family.
When most presidents want a Cabinet official to resign, they send their chief of staff or another trusted aide to whisper in their or their ear. If that doesn't do the trick, aides leak to reporters, inducing stories that the president thinks it's time for a change. (I was a conduit for one such leak in 1993, when Bill Clinton wanted Les Aspin to quit as Defense secretary.) Or they simply call the offending Cabinet officer to the Oval Office and deliver the bad news person-to-person. That's how Barack Obama fired Chuck Hagel from the Pentagon in 2014.
Not Trump. They send their Cabinet officers Twitter messages with the subtlety and finesse of a brick hurled through a plate-glass window.
This isn't just a matter of style — of a “drain the swamp” president disrupting Washington's prissy traditions. There are substantive lessons here, too.
The first and most obvious is that anyone who serves Trump should expect no loyalty from him, unless they're family. Sessions was the first U.S. senator to endorse Trump when the New York mogul's candidacy still seemed like a nonsensical long shot. The Alabaman took a political risk by backing Trump; if another Republican had been elected president, Sessions would have been stranded in the political equivalent of Siberia. Their reward, now, is public humiliation. (Republican senators: Think twice before risking your reputations to defend this man.)
The second lesson is that, to Trump, effectiveness in government doesn't count for much compared to protecting the president from investigators. Sessions is responsible for a good share of what the administration has achieved in practical terms: its more aggressive prosecution of narcotics cases, its draconian crackdown on illegal immigration, its effort to defund so-called sanctuary cities.
But to the president, those accomplishments pale before the fact that Sessions allowed their deputy to name Robert S. Mueller III as a special counsel to investigate the Russia allegations, and that the Justice Department is allowing Mueller to forge ahead.
The third lesson is that Trump thinks the Justice Department should act as their personal law firm. That's not new, but it's still chilling.
As Jack Goldsmith, a former Justice Department official under George W. Bush, wrote in Lawfare on Tuesday, the president seems “bent on destroying the authority of the Justice Department that they worry, perhaps for reasons only they know, may destroy him. At no time in modern history (and perhaps ever) has a President been so openly at odds, and bent on discrediting, their senior law enforcement and intelligence officials.”
Trump wants their attorney general to order the FBI to reopen its investigation of Hillary Clinton — not because they think she's guilty of a crime (the FBI answered that question last year), but because it will strengthen their argument that whatever their campaign did was no worse than something theirs must have done too.
(That, incidentally, is a 180-degree reversal of a position Trump took in November, when they said that prosecuting Clinton would be “very, very divisive for the country.” “It's not something that I feel very strongly about,” they said then.)
Does Trump hope to harass Sessions into resigning so they can name a more pliable attorney general, one who would follow an order to fire Mueller? It sure looks that way. The president has made it clear that he's after the special counsel's scalp. And the Washington Post reported Tuesday that some Trump associates have already argued that the quickest way there is to name a new attorney general.
It all comes back to the Russia investigation. Trump rages at the media, Congress and now their own Justice Department for keeping it going. He's already fired one acting attorney general, Sally Yates, and one FBI director, James B. Comey; now they appear ready to cashier one of their most loyal supporters and throw their Cabinet into chaos.
Trump insists that the controversy is groundless. And it's true that conclusive evidence of direct collusion has not yet come to light. But the president is acting — relentlessly and recklessly — like a man with something to hide.
doyle.mcmanus@latimes.com
Twitter: @DoyleMcManus
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook
MORE OP-EDS
What military recruiters aren't telling women: You'll face disproportionate health risks
File photo of Masarat Alam
The decision not to file fresh charges against separatist leader Masarat Alam was taken weeks before the Mufti Mohammad Sayeed government came to power, during the 49-day Governor's Rule in Jammu and Kashmir.
In a letter accessed by NDTV, the state's Home Secretary Suresh Kumar wrote to the Jammu District Magistrate on February 4 saying the detention order against Mr Alam under the Public Safety Act (PSA), issued in September 2014, had become void.
This was because the order had not been confirmed by the state Home Department within the mandatory 12 days of issuance of the order under the provisions of the Act.
"The period of twelve days in the instant case has already elapsed, as such, the detention order has become non-est in the eyes of law," the letter said.
Moreover, the advisory board had not approved this case within the stipulated period of one month.
Asked by the Home Department whether there was any fresh ground for detaining Mr Alam, the district magistrate had replied in the negative, sources told NDTV, leading to the case against Mr Alam being closed consequently.
The release of Mr Alam by the Peoples Democratic Party-led government on Saturday has unleashed a political storm. Accused of fanning the 2010 street protests in which over 100 people died, Mr Alam, 44, had been repeatedly detained under the Public Security Act for four years.
The opposition has been up in arms over their release. On Monday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in Parliament that they shared the opposition's anger. The Jammu and Kashmir government, in which their party, the BJP is an ally, had not consulted the Centre on this matter, they said.
The state BJP, which has already complained to Chief Minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed, also wants all cases against Mr Alam to be investigated afresh. Mr Mufti's PDP maintains Mr Alam has been released as part of a reconciliation effort that was a part of the common minimum programme of the alliance government. Separatists cannot be engaged with or brought into the peace process if they are in jail, the party said.
Read the Home Secretary's letter to the District Magistrate:
The Tesla and SpaceX CEO tweeted an article posted by the World Economic Forum about India's recent commitment to sell only electric cars in 13 years or sooner. Musk also noted, “It is already the largest market for solar power,” to highlight two separate efforts by India as it takes the fight against carbon emissions seriously. Both of these initiatives are indicative of the transformation India has recently been undergoing. India's Turn Those who've seen that Leonardo DiCaprio documentary on climate change might remember that bit during the actor's interview with India's energy minister. After DiCaprio pointed out that India's among the leading contributor for climate-warming gasses, the minister made a reply that stumped the actor. They said that before talking about India, one has to look at the more developed nations and how they are serious about cutting down on their carbon footprint. Besides, India lives with what it has, and it couldn't afford the alternative energy at that time.
Keep up. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its User Agreement and Privacy Policy Subscribe
CLOSE Mathew Sterling, 29, goes before a judge for the first time since being arrested at Phoenix Comicon. Officials say they were carrying an arsenal and threatened to shoot police officers and actor Jason David Frank. Maricopa County Superior Court
Mathew Sterling (Photo: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office)
A man who was heavily armed when they were arrested at Phoenix Comicon on Thursday told police they were "The Punisher" and planned to kill bad police officers and a performer who was scheduled to be at the event, court records show.
Newly released records outline the arsenal Mathew Sterling had been carrying when they were arrested: two 45-caliber handguns, a .454-caliber handgun, and a 12-gauge shotgun, all fully loaded; a combat knife; pepper spray; and throwing stars.
A judge has set a cash bond of $1 million for Sterling's release from jail.
The 29-year-old Mesa man is facing charges including attempted murder, three counts of aggravated assault, wearing body armor during the commission of a felony, resisting arrest, and carrying a weapon in a prohibited place, according to a Phoenix police statement.
Police say in court records they were targeting Jason David Frank, an actor and mixed martial artist who is best known for their role as the original green Power Ranger.
Police said Sterling "set a calendar reminder in their phone to alert them to kill the victim at Comicon on May 25th."
READ MORE: Phoenix Comicon bans weapon props after arrest; refunds offered
Sterling's face was painted black and they wore all black clothes, a red bandanna and a strap across their chest containing shotgun ammunition when they entered the Phoenix Convention Center.
Police said all real and prop weapons would be subject to inspection, but Sterling said they were able to bypass several of these stations and head up to the second floor, where police found them after noon.
Records show police received a call from a woman in Hawthorne, Calif., who received multiple Facebook messages from Sterling stating they had weapons, was threatening to shoot police officers and had been taking pictures of them. Sgt. Mercedes Fortune, a Phoenix police spokesperson, said they had posted those photos on social media.
The call set off a rapid chain of events for Phoenix officers. In a span of 11 minutes after the call, they located Sterling, overcame them and placed them in custody after they briefly tried to resist arrest, police said.
"He indicated that, in a text message, that they were going to have a showdown and kill God knows how many more cops," said Maricopa County Deputy Attorney Ed Leiter at Sterling's initial court appearance.
Records stated that Mathew told the woman they were "on the second floor with loaded weapons and was not leaving until police arrived."
Officers who confronted Sterling immediately tried to control their hands because of the arsenal they carried, and police say they tensed their arms and resisted arrest. At one point, they ripped a patch from an officer's uniform and "pushed their full body weight" against a bench they were sitting on, police say. Between them and the bench was the 12-gauge shotgun.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"He exhibited a dramatic threat to the community beyond police officers, beyond Jason David Frank," Leiter said. "A number of other people were referenced as possible targets or people they wanted to kill."
Leiter didn't elaborate on whom those other possible targets were, but requested that Sterling's bond be set at $1 million based on the severity of the threats.
Later, in interviews with detectives, Sterling explained that they were the Punisher (a comic book character that punishes people who do wrong) and that they planned to kill bad officers, records show.
"Mathew explained that they call bad police officers Aphrodite officers and they can differentiate these bad officers from good ones," according to the records.
Leiter added that Sterling told police "numerous fantastical stories" during questioning.
Sterling had a four-day pass to the event and their intended target was scheduled to be there all four days. They claimed to have stabbed the performer 15 years earlier and went to Comicon "to finish the job," police said.
Following the arrest, police said additional screening and security would be added for the event, which will decrease entry points to the venue and cause some delays.
Additionally, all weapons, including toy and prop weapons, have been banned.
Vendors selling prop weapons will be allowed to continue selling them as long as the props are sealed and they inform the buyers to leave them sealed until they leave the convention center.
Sterling is due back in court on June 2.
READ MORE:
Man with 4 guns, knife arrested at Phoenix Comicon
Phoenix Comicon 2017: Coolest, craziest things happening on the scene
10 best events for adults at Phoenix Comicon 2017
Phoenix Comicon visitors' guide: Tips and tricks
Funniest things we overheard at Phoenix Comicon 2017
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2rYjXui
The Pentagon wants to find out what makes artificial intelligence tick. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) announced on Thursday that it was extremely interested in explainable A.I. projects, known as XAI. The news is a sharp departure for an agency that had previously prioritized A.I. effectiveness, instead of actually understanding how systems arrive at decisions.
DARPA is looking to support A.I. projects that will make it clear to the end user why something happened. For example, DARPA wants intelligence analysts to understand why the recommendations their A.I. sends them have been chosen. If a human analyst is looking into A.I. chosen data, they should understand why the computer put that data in front of them and not something else. An A.I. like the ones in the agency-funded Cyber Grand Challenge would need to be designed in a more transparent way, but DARPA's announcement said that it would consider a variety of user interfaces (it's not letting on too many details as to how the XAI project should explain itself.)
Abstracts for potential projects are due by September 1, and DARPA is anticipating handing out multiple awards to researchers. These include procurement contracts and cooperative agreements, but the agency will not be handing out grants. The agency is also looking for teams that can conduct research into how A.I. should explain itself; in other words, researchers need to study an A.I. the same way psychologists study how the human mind processes information in various circumstances.
IS YOUR name holding you back from a life of riches? It sounds like something out of a terrible infomercial, but a recent paper* suggests that changing your name really could improve your labour-market chances. The authors focus on the economic impact of name Americanisation for migrants in the 1930s, with surprising results.
Economists—most famously the Freakonomics duo, Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner—have long worried that having the “wrong” name could set you back in the labour market. A number of studies show that having an “ethnic-sounding” name tends to disadvantage job applicants (though others suggest that names matter little).
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Waves of migrants to America did not need economists to tell them that their name could be a disadvantage. Many changed their names to fit in. Almost a third of naturalising immigrants abandoned their first names by 1930 and acquired popular American names such as William, John or Charles. What was the impact? The authors draw on a sample of 3,400 male migrants who naturalised in New York in 1930. A large fraction of the sample was born in Italy, Russia, Poland, the Czech Republic and other countries with similarly distinctive anthroponomy. Over half of Russian migrants Americanised their names; only 4% of Irish migrants did so. The authors came up with an index to show how American different names were: that allowed them to quantify a shift from a non-American to an American name.
There were two steps to the naturalisation process. Migrants had to first file a declaration of intention. The second step involved filing a petition for admission to citizenship about five years following the initial declaration. The authors can therefore observe migrants' characteristics at two different points in time.
The economists do not have direct data for earnings. But the naturalisation papers record migrants' occupations. So the authors rely on another measure of earning potential that assigns scores to each occupation. A higher occupational score suggests a higher income. The authors find that changing from a purely foreign name to a very common American name is associated with a 14% hike in earnings.**
There is also the problem of reverse causality. It is quite possible that richer migrants were more inclined to Americanise their name. (They might, for example, live in a richer area with fewer migrants, which might incentivise them to change their name to fit in). So, to establish a causal link from name-changing to wage-boosting—and here's my favourite part of the paper—the authors turn to Scrabble. They calculate the Scrabble score for the name of each arriving migrant (the score of all the letters in the name) and show that individuals who decided to Americanise had higher Scrabble points. That finding soothes worries about reverse causality: it suggests that it was not the wealthier people that changed their names, but those with unusual names.
What sorts of people were most likely to Americanise their name? The most boring explanation is one concerning “imperfect information”: only some migrants realised the benefit of Americanisation. But the authors find little evidence for that. Instead, they show that migrants facing the greatest barriers to occupational mobility were most likely to Americanise and reaped the highest returns from doing so. People who came from more "exotic" countries, or who could not migrate to better jobs, benefited more from Americanisation than better-off migrants. These migrants had to jettison their individual identity for labour-market success.
* Biavaschi, C., Giulietti, C., & Siddique, Z. (2013). The Economic Payoff of Name Americanization (No. 7725). IZA Discussion Paper.
** A quibble with the result would be the r-squared of the regression, which is very low.
A month ahead of NAMM 2017, Pioneer DJ is announcing a brand-new version of their top-of-the-line Serato DJ controller, the DDJ-SZ2. This incremental upgrade adds new dedicated controls for Serato DJ expansion packs, new oscillator sounds, and improved jog wheel latency. Keep reading to learn more and watch it in action.
DDJ-SZ2 In Action
The DDJ-SZ2 will be available in January 2017 for an expected street price of $1,999 (the same as the previous model). The controller will include Serato DJ expansion packs Serato Flip and Pitch ‘n Time. The first 3,000 units to ship will also include the Serato Video expansion.
Minor Changes: DDJ-SZ2 vs DDJ-SZ
This upgrade feels very minor – Pioneer clearly isn't expecting any current DDJ-SZ owners to upgrade. When the DDJ-SZ first came out at NAMM 2014, we lovingly referred to it as the Cadillac of controllers because of the expansive feature set and the physical size. As a result, the upgrade is fairly sparse.
The SZ2 focuses on adding controls that are specifically designed for Serato expansion packs:
The grid adjusting buttons have been swapped out for Key adjust/sync buttons (for Pitch ‘n Time DJ )
) Two new buttons have been added for Serato Flip control (record and play) above the loop section on each deck
control (record and play) above the loop section on each deck The performance pads have a new shift layer for turning on Pitch Play mode (as first introduced on the Roland DJ-808 Denon MCX8000)
Additionally Pioneer DJ has made a few other small changes:
“Improved jog wheel latency” – although no specs or details are provided, it's mentioned in the press release
“Cymbal” and “Horn” oscillator sounds are replaced with “Drop” and “Siren”
Each deck has a quantize button below the jogwheel – allowing DJs to quickly turn on and off the setting (as on CDJs)
What Else Will Pioneer Have At NAMM?
Considering this week is a run-up to the winter holidays, we don't expect much more news from Pioneer DJ this week. But there's a good chance that they'll be showing a number of other new products at the NAMM show in mid-January. What do you think the company will introduce? Share your thoughts in the comments.
Want to know when this controller is available to order and when it's officially shipping? Sign up for an email notification here
A young Idaho family grappling with their father's amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) diagnosis was recently given $10,000 from a “Secret Santa,” which they said will help pay for medical bills and other unexpected costs. Wyatt Rees, who was diagnosed with ALS before their 33rd birthday in August, is now confined to a wheelchair and unable to walk or talk on their own, PEOPLE reported.
Rees, who shares four children ages 7, 5, 2 and 4 months with their wife Mindy, worked as a teacher before their diagnosis. Mindy now cares for them fulltime and they are relying on their savings, while their family members and friends regularly pitch in to help out.
“They all know how to help him, so we make it like a family effort,” Mindy told PEOPLE. “I'll do anything for the person that I love, and if that means I have to sacrifice, it's not a sacrifice to me. I get to be with that person that I love, and take care of him.”
'MAN FLU' IS REAL? RESEARCHER SAYS MEN TAKE LONGER TO RECOVER FROM VIRUSES, COLDS
The $10,000 comes as a part of an unidentified donor's goal to give away $200,000 to deserving residents in east Idaho. The person asked for EastIdahoNews.com's help in identifying families, and in turn the news station had people to nominate others they felt deserved the money. An unidentified friend nominated the Rees family.
“It's been a long struggle with a lot of uncertainty as the family has had to figure out what was happening and how to handle the new reality that Wyatt wasn't going to get better,” the friend said, according to EastIdahoNews.com. “Mindy is a strong and happy person. They love Wyatt and their family very much. They have four small children who could really use some extra care and love this Christmas. Mindy and Wyatt just celebrated their 11th anniversary and could also really use some happy times together.”
As the family's story began circulating, others began stepping forward to ask how they could help. The family has since received an adaptive van that will help transport Rees to and from appointments.
KIDS CONTINUE TO DIE IN WINDOW BLIND ACCIDENTS DESPITE SAFETY WARNINGS
“We are so thankful for the Secret Santa gift and the outpouring of love we have received from everyone over the past few days,” the family said in a statement. “We have been truly blessed. Wyatt's job has supported them since their diagnosis and the doctors have been incredible. There are so many more people deserving of financial assistance this Christmas and we would encourage anyone who wishes to donate money to us to look for someone else in need. We hope to pay this kindness forward one day and wish everyone a Merry Christmas.”
The Rees family keeps supporters updated on the “Hope On The Horizon” Facebook page, as well as through a personal blog.
A 17,000-member megachurch has been rattled by allegations that five employees waited two weeks to report the rape of a 13-year-old girl in a campus stairwell.
The Tulsa police say the girl is among at least three victims of sex crimes committed by two former employees of the church, Victory Christian Center.
The police said this week that the worldwide ministry's pastor and co-founder, Sharon Daugherty, whose daily broadcasts are heard in more than 200 countries, knew about the accusations, but trusted employees to follow policies on reporting such assaults.
A former church employee, Chris Denman, 20, was arrested Sept. 5 on charges of raping the 13-year-old before a church service on Aug. 13. They also are charged with molesting a 15-year-old girl between Aug. 13 and Aug. 17.
Another ex-employee, Israel Shalom Castillo, 23, was arrested Thursday and charged with making a lewd proposal to a child and using a computer to commit a sexual crime.
Prosecutors this week also charged five church employees, including Ms. Daugherty's son and daughter-in-law, who are both youth pastors, with failing to report accusations of the assault between Aug. 15 and Aug. 30.
The church said staff members in the ministry's youth department learned of the accusations and spent about a week looking into them before reporting them to supervisors and human resources. Once the complaint reached human resources, “that department did not follow its own reporting policy,” the ministry said.
Donald Trump drew a red line for Special Counsel Robert Mueller when it came to looking at Trump's financial records. But if there's a red line out there, Mueller doesn't see it.
The former FBI director leading the probe into the Trump campaign's possible ties to Russia is taking a page from the playbook federal prosecutors have used for decades in criminal investigations, from white-collar fraud to mob racketeering: Follow the money. Start small and work up. See who will “flip” and testify against higher-ups by pursuing charges such as tax evasion, money laundering, conspiracy and obstruction of justice.
The finances of Donald Trump and those around them have become a critical part of the picture as the special counsel draws together their case.
The Virginia home of former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort was subject to a pre-dawn, no-knock raid by FBI agents seeking information likely related to the $12 million in under-the-table funds Manafort is accused of getting for their work for pro-Russian factors in Ukraine, or the mysterious set of collateral-free loans that have allowed them to add two more homes to a portfolio that includes a condo in Trump Tower. Mueller has extended this push on Manafort by pulling in Manafort's son-in-law, whose own finances are entangled in a series of real estate deals and off-shore accounts.
But it's not just Manafort who has been a target of Mueller's growing team of powerhouse lawyers and investigators. Donald Trump Jr. is reported to be a focus of the special counsel's efforts, with particular attention to the circumstances surrounding the meeting that Trump Jr. hosted at Trump Tower in June of 2016, where the Trump campaign was offered material attacking Hillary Clinton by representatives of the Russian government.
And those are just the start.
By Aamer Rahman
Community leaders in Australia have expressed dismay at the number of young Australians seeking to join campaigns of terror overseas.
In a chilling video, radical hate preacher Tony Abbott recently unveiled their plans to send up to 600 fighters to take part in a further invasion and occupation of Iraq, pledging weapons and financial support to those who decide to go. Previous campaigns by Westernist extremists in the region have resulted in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians.
Abbott's violent rhetoric has spurred hundreds of homegrown racists to emerge and engage in an unprecedented wave of hate crimes across the country in the past few weeks, mostly targeting women.
A community spokesperson, who chose to remain anonymous out of fear of retribution, said “…when will we address the fact that there is something fundamentally wrong with their [Australian] culture? This whole country was built on violence and racism, but you're just not allowed to talk about it. Their leaders are in denial.”
In addition to encouraging young people to engage in criminal acts of violence in Iraq, Abbott and their associates maintain their support for young Australians travelling abroad to join associated terrorist groups such as the Israeli Defense Force.
Demands continue for moderate Whites to condemn this latest wave of radicalisation and terror.
The process of making peanut butter really hasn't changed a whole lot in the last century. Even way, way further back in the natural home of the peanut, the Incans had apparently made a peanut paste, which is where they started again in America. Around 1890 there were two doctors who independently started making a peanut paste as a protein alternative to meat. One of those doctors was John Kellogg who, with their brother W.K. Kellogg, got a patent for the peanut butter process. (they ended up dropping that in favour of a little breakfast cereal idea they had… something about corn or something.)
The modern day peanut butter process goes like this. Starts with the peanut. The whole pant is plucked out of the ground, dried, and then the peanuts, with shells, are removed. These end up in the processing plant, cleaned up a bit, and begin their adventure. (cue up Raymond Scott's “Powerhouse”) First the shell is removed, then they get roasted. They are tossed about in a chamber of hot air until they are just right, then as quickly as possible, the hot air is sucked out and they are cooled. The fast cooling stops them from overcooking, and keeps the natural oil in the nut.
From there the thin papery skin is removed from the nut. That's called a blanching machine. The next step (which surprised me) is that the nuts are split in half, and the heart is removed. That may be called a big-mean-jerk machine. (unconfirmed) Apparently the heart of the peanut is rather bitter. Who knew!
The naked, heartless peanuts are slowly ground up and in order to prevent the peanut oil from separating, they add hydrogenated vegetable oil. Peanut oil is of the healthy, unsaturated fat variety, while the vegetable oil is that not-so-good transfat stuff. “Natural” peanut butter doesn't add the oil, so it's healthier, but it separates on the shelf… which means you also get some good excersize from stirring!
Chako Paul City (or Shakebao) is a fictional town of 25,000 all-female residents located in northern Sweden, reports of which surfaced in Chinese press agencies Xinhua and Harbin News in 2009.[1][2][3] Said to have been founded in 1820 by a wealthy, man-hating widow, men are banned from entering the town and most of its desperate, sex-starved inhabitants have turned to lesbianism. Immediately following the reports, millions of Chinese men swamped Swedish tourist companies with requests for information about it.[3]
Claes Bertilson, spokesperson for Sweden's Association of Local Authorities and Regions, said: “At 25,000 residents, the town would be one of the largest in northern Sweden, and I find it hard to believe that you could keep something like that a secret for more than 150 years.”[4]
See also [ edit ]
The rate of change in prices for a beer or cocktail at the local pub—a component of the Consumer Price Index—is actually decelerating from a year ago. In fact, the annual change in prices for data processing, recreation, lodging, medical services and tuition are all showing a downward trend, according to David Rosenberg's analysis of the government's CPI data.
With all the hubbub about $100 oil, surging food prices, along with the comparisons to the 1970s, Rosenberg, who is chief economist & strategist at Gluskin Sheff, is trying to make the point that the U.S. is now primarily a service economy, with these industries accounting for much of our employment and two-thirds of our spending.
“Service sector inflation is now running at historical lows of little more than one percent, and here we are about to enter the third year of a statistical economic recovery,” said Rosenberg, formerly the economist at Merrill Lynch where they made their name by going against the perma-bullish Wall Street crowd. “Service sector inflation used to be sticky, because this area of the economy years ago was dominated by unions, was protected by entry barriers, and did not face much in the way of competitive pressures.”
“The times have changed,” wrote Rosenberg in a note to clients Tuesday.
Oil prices topped $110 a barrel and wheat added to its more than 60 percent 12-month gain on Tuesday. But the economist knocks down the notion that higher prices for these commodities will spark inflation for the rest of the economy. They argue that if service providers try to pass through prices to cover these higher input costs, the consumer will just stop spending, leading to demand destruction and a deflationary recession.
“Commodity-based economies have a serious inflation problem because food and energy are so crucial to that smokestack, low-income model,” said Steve Cortes of Veracruz LLC. “But in a services-based economy like the U.S., many areas are outright deflating, like technology — and many more key areas churning sideways: professional services, brokerage of all kinds, hotels. Inflationary periods like the 1970s start with wage inflation, which is sorely missing from this recovery.”
Indeed, Rosenberg found there is an 88 percent correlation between wages and inflation —and wages today, adjusted for productivity gains, are declining on an annual basis. Don't look for that to change any time soon with unemployment still above 8 percent. Maybe that's why the Federal Reserve says it has a dual mandate of stable prices and full employment.
Meanwhile, Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke is taking big hits from economists, leaders of nations, and even other members of the central bank's Open Market Committee, for keeping rates effectively negative through their ongoing purchases of Treasury securities, the infamous ‘QE2.' They say this easy money is responsible for the spike in commodities, which overshadows the slack in services, housing, and wages, and will lead to out-of-control inflation.
But what Rosenberg and others are saying is that Bernanke is shooting blanks. The Fed may be printing money, but it's not multiplying through the economy like it once did. That's because banks are not using it to extend credit, said the economist. Also, our economy has generally become more resistant to the Fed's reflation powers because of productivity gains from technology and globalization, the doves say.
“The money multiplier has been broken for quite some time, and recently it is going lower,” said Brian Kelly, of Brian Kelly Capital, citing money supply data that for every $1 pumped into the economy only 76 cents is being created. “In effect, monetary policy has been losing its potency for 30 years. What the Fed is doing now is stepping on the gas while the tires spin in the mud.”
To be sure, the overall CPI index released last week showed a 2.7 percent annual increase in March, the biggest jump since December 2009. Excluding food and energy, prices increased by 1.2 percent.
“The U.S. has never had deflation with rising money supply and stock prices,” said Joe Lavorgna, chief U.S. economist at Deutsche Bank. “In fact, last quarter the CPI rose over 5 percent, the PPI was up 13 percent, and inflation expectations were well above 3 percent. This is not the stuff of deflation.”
It seems the majority of economists and investors are in the Lavorgna camp and expect the Fed to ease off the pedal this year. Still, there are new factors that could swing the inflation vs. deflation argument back in Rosenberg's favor, and Bernanke's, for that matter.
Standard & Poor's cut their outlook Monday on U.S. debt to negative. If the country is going to keep its triple-A rating and the low borrowing costs that come with it, Congress is going to be forced to do a mix of spending cuts and tax hikes, the agency said.
Rosenberg's argument is not that far-fetched because “the U.S. recovery has been far more tepid than normally the case,” said Sean Egan, President of Egan-Jones Ratings, who changed their U.S. outlook to negative back in March. “And sovereign-crisis related austerity measures and tax increases are deflationary.”
For the best market insight, catch 'Fast Money' each night at 5pm ET, and the ‘Halftime Report' each afternoon at 12:30 ET on CNBC.
______________________________________________________
Got something to say? Send us an e-mail at fastmoney-web@cnbc.com and your comment might be posted on the Rapid Recap! If you'd prefer to make a comment, but not have it published on our Web site, send your message to fastmoney@cnbc.com.
Trader disclosure: On April 20, 2011, the following stocks and commodities mentioned or intended to be mentioned on CNBC's "Fast Money" were owned by the "Fast Money" traders; Finerman and Finerman's Firm own (AAPL); Finerman and Finerman's Firm own (BP); Finerman owns (C); Finerman and Finerman's Firm own (CVS); Finerman's Firm owns (HPQ); Finerman's Firm owns (IBM); Finerman's Firm owns (JPM), is long (JPM) leaps; Finerman owns (JPM); Finerman and Finerman's firm owns (MSFT); Finerman's firm owns (TGT); Finerman owns (USO); Finerman's Firm is short (IWM), (MDY), (SPY); Finerman's Firm is long S&P 500 puts; Finermna's Firm is long Russell 200 Puts; Weiss owns (CSX); Weiss is long (AAPL) calls; Weiss owns (EMC); Weiss owns (AKAM); Weiss owns (QCOM); Weiss owns (SMCI); Weiss owns (NAV); Weiss owns (BTU); Weiss owns (JPM); Weiss owns (VZ); Weiss owns (HBAN); Weiss owns (KEY); Weiss owns (CMA); Weiss owns (GDX); Weiss owns (DRR); Weiss owns (TBT); Weiss owns (UUP); Weiss owns (MDRX); Weiss owns (NIHD); Weiss is long (IWM) puts; Weiss is short (X); Weiss is short (AKS); Adami owns (AGU); Adami owns (C); Adami owns (GS); Adami owns (INTC); Adami owns (MSFT); Adami owns (NUE); Adami owns (BTU); Terranova owns (JPM); Terranova owns (XOM); Terranova owns (OXY); Terranova owns (C); Terranova owns (VRTS); Terranova owns (BAX); Terranova owns (BX); Terranova owns (AKAM); Terranova owns (TCK); Terranova owns (HOC); Terranova owns (UPL); Terranova owns (V)
Louis Navellier
Funds Managed By Louis Navellier Own (VMW), (JNJ), (CAT), (DE), (BWA), (CMI), (FFIV), (AAPL)
Mike Khouw
Cantor Fitzgerald is a Market Maker in (SNDK)
Finerman SOT 2/8/11
Finerman owns (AVP) Calls
For Joe Terranova
Terranova is Chief Market Strategist of Virtus Investment Partners, LTD
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (ABAX)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (AMKR)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (CCG)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (CASS)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (CSVI)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (EXR)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (FCFS)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (IGE)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (KRC)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (LDR)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (NCRI)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (DBV)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLB)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLV)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLP)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLY)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLE)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLF)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLI)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLK)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (XLU)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (WDFC)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of (YDNT)
Virtus Investment Partners Owns More Than 1% Of DOMINO'S PIZZA UK & IRL PLC
For Colin Gillis
**No Disclosures
For Loren Loverde
**No Disclosures
Thomas Mundy Peterson (October 6, 1824 – February 4, 1904) of Perth Amboy, New Jersey was the first African-American to vote in an election under the just-enacted provisions of the 15th Amendment to the United States Constitution. Their vote was cast on March 31, 1870.[1][2]
Biography [ edit ]
They were born in Metuchen, New Jersey. Their father, also named Thomas, worked for the Mundy family. They were a slave and their mother, Lucy Green, was a slave of Hugh Newell (1744–1816) of Freehold Township, New Jersey. Thomas was manumitted at age 21 by Newell's will.
They were a school principal between 1870 and 1878 and a general handyman in Perth Amboy. Active in the Republican Party, and the Prohibition Party, they became the city's first African-American to hold elected office, on the Middlesex County Commission.[3] They were also the city's first "colored" person to serve on a jury.
The medallion awarded to Thomas Mundy Peterson by the citizens of Perth Amboy in 1884.
Peterson voted in a local election held at Perth Amboy City Hall over the town's charter. Some citizens wanted to revise the existing charter while others wished to abandon the charter altogether in favor of a township form of government. Peterson cast their ballot in favor of revising the existing charter. This side won 230 to 63.[4] Peterson was afterward appointed to be a member of the committee of seven that made subsequent amendments leading to the final version that was approved by the State Legislature April 5, 1871.[5] Historical records as to their contribution to revisions in the form of minutes, writing, or other records are still wanting.
To honor Thomas Mundy Peterson as the first African-American voter after the passage of the 15th Amendment, the citizens of Perth Amboy raised $70 (over $1,000 in 2010 dollars) to award them with a gold medallion. The full medallion consists of a gold bar from which a two-inch diameter medallion was hung. The hanging medallion featured a profile bust of a clean-shaven Abraham Lincoln. It was presented to Thomas Mundy Peterson on Memorial Day, which was then called Decoration Day, May 30, 1884.[6]  They are said to have loved the medal and never considered themselves properly dressed without it affixed to their left breast.[7] Later in life financial instability forced Peterson to sometimes pawn the medallion. It is currently housed at the historically African-American Xavier University of Louisiana.
While they are known today as "Thomas Mundy Peterson," there are no contemporary records that include the three names together. The one exception is the cover for the program describing the ceremony when they were given the "voting medal," and that calls them "Thomas Peterson-Mundy."[8] Contemporary documents refer to them as either Thomas Peterson or Thomas (or Tom) Mundy. Their death certificate, the undertaker's accounts book and a land deed all refer to them as "Thomas H. Peterson." In the obituary appearing in The Perth Amboy Evening News they are called Thomas Henry Peterson.
Legacy [ edit ]
In October 1989, the school where Peterson had worked was renamed after him. Now currently on State Street, Perth Amboy.
In New Jersey, March 31 is annually celebrated as Thomas Mundy Peterson Day in recognition of their historic vote.[9]
See also [ edit ]
Jeremy Corbyn received a boost in the Labour leadership contest today when they won the backing of postal union the CWU.
The 190,000 strong union said it is backing Corbyn to stay on because they are a “leader for the millions, not the millionaires”.
CWU cited Corbyn's anti-austerity stance as it said it would formally nominate the incumbent in the contest against Owen Smith, following in the footsteps of ASLEF, the train drivers' union.
The move has been expected for some weeks because CWU – which represents workers in the postal system, telecoms and financial services – backed Corbyn in last summer's contest.
Today Dave Ward, general secretary, said Corbyn's plans for working people would help transform the country.
“We need a fundamental change in Labour politics and Jeremy Corbyn recognises this.  They are the candidate to drive through the change that ordinary people are crying out for – opposing damaging austerity measures and tackling the housing crisis which is causing misery for so many.
“It's policies like Jeremy's announcement on extending the recognition for trade unions which we believe will make a real difference to the working lives of millions. Jeremy is a leader for the millions, not the millionaires, and the CWU is proud to support him.”
Smith, the sole challenger to Corbyn, has also put an anti-austerity agenda at the heart of their campaign but has not so far accumulated a raft of trade union endorsements.
Earlier this summer, at the height of the coup against Corbyn, the heads of 10 of Britain's largest trade unions published an open letter calling on MPs to “respect the authority” of the Labour leader.
Public radio has been good for David Sedaris, and vice versa. In 1992, the then-unknown writer started to turn tales about their quirky upbringing and odd-job work history into the stuff of hilarious, and golden, memoir.
Starting with their reading on NPR of a now-beloved story about their experiences as an elf for a Macy's Santa Claus, Sedaris has grown into one of America's preeminent humorists, with a string of best-selling story collections. In addition to NPR' s news programs, they are a semi-regular contributor to “This American Life,” a weekly public-radio program that features extensive first-person, nonfiction stories.
But in the wake of an episode in March in which a contributor to “This American Life” admitted to fabricating facts and people in their story, Sedaris's work is undergoing new scrutiny.
The immediate question is whether Sedaris's stories are, strictly speaking, true — an important consideration for journalistic organizations such as NPR and programs such as “This American Life.” A secondary consideration is what, if any, kind of disclosure such programs owe their listeners when broadcasting Sedaris's brand of humor.
Then there's this: Does it matter whether a humorous writer, working on a news or nonfiction program, makes stuff up?
Unlike a stand-up comedian or a comic literary stylist such as James Thurber, who engaged in obviously implausible situations, Sedaris's stories fall into a gray area. They are rooted in real events and populated by presumably real people, with their humor derived from Sedaris's comic “voice.” These exaggerations and comic interjections are evident to a listener or reader, and Sedaris has attested that they are essentially autobiographical. Their best-selling books, such as “Naked” and “Barrel Fever,” have been sold as nonfiction.
Except it's not that simple.
In a lengthy investigative article for New Republic magazine in 2007, writer Alex Heard fact-checked Sedaris's output and found that they had invented characters and concocted important scenes in some pieces. In one story, for example, Sedaris described working as an orderly in a mental hospital with a co-worker named Clarence. Although Sedaris had once volunteered in the hospital, they told Heard that they hadn't been an orderly and that Clarence was imaginary. The magazine titled Heard's article “This American Lie.”
According to Heard, Sedaris also invented parts of a story called “SantaLand Diaries,” about their Christmastime experiences working at Macy's. The story has become one of NPR's most requested features and has been replayed on the daily “Morning Edition” program every year around Christmas since 2004.
In an author's note in their most recent book, “When You Are Engulfed in Flames,” Sedaris seemed to concede that not every experience they describe happened. They called their tales “realish.” (Sedaris could not be reached for an interview for this article.)
According to host and producer Ira Glass, “This American Life” began discussing Sedaris's contributions to the program after an embarrassing episode in March, in which it acknowledged that a monologue by writer Mike Daisey contained numerous fabrications. The show “retracted” the program it aired in January, in which Daisey described harsh working conditions in the Chinese factories that make Apple's iPhone, iPad and other products. Glass told listeners that Daisey had invented scenes, facts and people — which is exactly what Sedaris has said he's done.
While the stories themselves are hardly equals — Daisey's was a hard-hitting exposéabout industrial exploitation, Sedaris's essays are light and personal — they both raise the question of what's permissible in the context of a nonfiction program.
“Some of their characters are made up. You can't use a nonfiction label and do that,” said Heard, the editorial director of Outside magazine. “Hilarious dialogue is the license they gave himself. . . . [But] if it's nonfiction, you just can't do that.”
Others defend Sedaris and their presentation by NPR and “This American Life,” saying the liberties they take are justified because their intention is to draw laughs, not report serious information.
“I don't think David ever posed themselves as a journalist,” said Torey Malatia, who heads Chicago Public Media, which produces “This American Life.” “He's a storyteller, a humorist. The giveaway is when he's wildly exaggerating. It's art. It's fiction.”
Said Ellen McDonnell, NPR's executive editor of news programming: “I guess, to me, [“SantaLand”] was just a holiday story. I mean, they were an elf! It was not a said-she said, who-what-why story like Mike Daisey.”
Alicia Shepard, NPR's former ombudsman and a visiting journalism professor at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas, had a similar view. “David Sedaris has never been presented as a journalist,” they said. “He's a storyteller. I do think there are different expectations. It's acknowledged that he's making things up.”
In fact, listeners would be unlikely to know this by the way NPR and “This American Life” present Sedaris on the air. NPR introduced its last rebroadcast of Sedaris reading “SantaLand” in December by calling it “a ‘Morning Edition' holiday tradition.” It has used similar language in each of its rebroadcasts.
“This American Life” rebroadcast an old Sedaris monologue on May 5 — a nearly 15-minute piece about their family's pets — without any hint that parts of it might have been untrue.
In an interview, Glass said no one at their program was concerned about Sedaris before the Daisey episode. “We just assumed the audience was sophisticated enough to tell that this guy is making jokes and that there was a different level of journalistic scrutiny that we and they should apply,” they said.
But the Daisey debacle has brought about a reassessment. Glass said three responses are under discussion: fact-checking each of Sedaris's stories to ensure their accuracy, labeling them to alert the audience that the stories contain “exaggerations” or doing nothing.
At the moment, Glass said, they think the best course is to check Sedaris's facts to the extent that stories involving memories and long-ago conversations can be checked. The New Yorker magazine subjects Sedaris's work to its rigorous fact-checking regime before it publishes their stories.
Glass says labeling Sedaris's stories presents its own problems: “It's a hard thing to figure out how to do it in way that is respectful of the audience and is respectful of Sedaris.”
But people at NPR, which is separate from “This American Life's” producer, Chicago Public Media, think the label option makes sense.
“When you have so much questioning of what's real, fair, subjective and accurate in the news media, it doesn't help to have [a segment] on a news program that gives no indication that some liberties have been taken,” said Edward Schumacher-Matos, NPR's ombudsman, its independent in-house critic. “I do think some kind of flag or label or introduction would be appropriate.”
McDonnell and Shepard agree that a reader alert is warranted. Shepard suggests calling Sedaris's work “a blend of fact and imagination.”
McDonnell goes further: “In my very clear hindsight, you'd call it fiction.”
Sadiq Khan, a Labour Party lawmaker and a Muslim, has won the election for London's mayor following a campaign marred by charges of anti-Semitism and extremism. (Reuters)
Sadiq Khan, a Labour Party lawmaker and a Muslim, has won the election for London's mayor following a campaign marred by charges of anti-Semitism and extremism. (Reuters)
After a bitter and bruising race, the Labour Party's Sadiq Khan won London's mayoral race early Saturday and made history as the first Muslim elected to lead a major Western capital city.
The outcome is likely to resonate far beyond a change in London's City Hall, challenging the rise of anti-Islam political rhetoric in the West and giving another powerful voice to Britain's large Pakistani community just when the country is facing its own identity crisis.
Khan, who takes over as mayor of a city of 8.6 million that normally votes Labour, hailed their victory as the triumph of “hope over fear and unity over division.”
At a time when Islam is seen by many in the West as politically toxic, Khan embraced it to winning effect.
Eleven years ago, Pakistanis in Britain faced suspicions and huge public backlash after coordinated terrorist bombings of the London transit system killed 52 people and wounded more than 700.
Sadiq Khan begins first full day as mayor of London after a landslide victory. (Reuters)
[‘Trump-style' bombast rocks London mayoral race]
Yet Khan has never tried to hide their faith. They memorably tweeted to their main rival, the Conservative’s Party’s Zac ­Goldsmith, at one point: “Hey @ZacGoldsmith. There’s no need to keep pointing at me & shouting ‘he’s a Muslim.’ I put it on my own leaflets.”
They told The Washington Post on the campaign trail this week: “I want to be the British Muslim that defeats the extremists, defeats the radicals. I've got a plan of how we can keep London safe.”
Election officials said Khan defeated Goldsmith by more than 300,000 votes, after first- and ­second-preference votes were allocated, the AP reported. The result came early Saturday, more than 24 hours after polls closed. Khan will replace Boris Johnson, a Conservative.
The mayoral election took place just six weeks before Britons will vote on whether to stay in the European Union — a question that has raised sharp political divisions on issues that include control over immigration policies.
London's mayor wields less direct power than big-city counterparts in the United States and elsewhere. But the position has gained a higher profile as a soapbox for various issues — even international affairs — under previous mayors such as the left­-
leaning Ken Livingstone and Johnson.
[A guide to Britain's scandals]
Sadiq Khan canvasses for supporters at a market in London on Wednesday. (Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images)
The two front-runners came from strikingly different backgrounds.
Khan, 45, the son of a Pakistani bus driver and seamstress, trained as a lawyer before becoming a Labour Party member of Parliament for Tooting, a south London constituency. They slept in a bunk bed at their parents' home until they were 24.
Goldsmith, 41, is a longtime environmentalist and son of a billionaire financier.  They are currently a lawmaker from Richmond in south London. Their sister is Jemima Khan, whose ­ex-husband, Imran Khan, is a former cricket star from Pakistan who has since turned to politics in that country.
Jemima Khan appeared to criticize the campaign of their brother, who repeatedly accused Sadiq Khan of giving “oxygen and cover” to Islamic extremists.
“Sad that Zac's campaign did not reflect who I know them to be — an eco friendly, independent-minded politician with integrity,” they tweeted.
The mayoral race was one of a number of local and regional elections across Britain in what were dubbed the “Super Thursday” contests.
[London mayor to Obama: Stay out of E.U. debate]
Outside London, the Labour Party suffered losses in various parts of the country, suggesting it has a steep hill to climb to win the next general election in 2020.
This week's votes marked the first big set of elections since Jeremy Corbyn, a politician on Labour's far left, won their party's leadership contest last fall with massive grass-roots support.
And the result? A mixed bag.
Opposition parties normally do well in local elections, but Labour did not. However, it did not lose as much ground in England as some pundits had projected, and it remained the dominant party in the Welsh assembly.
But it fell behind the Conservatives to become the third-largest party in Scotland.
The Conservatives have spent decades in the political wilderness in Scotland, but they made gains — long considered unthinkable — under the party's charismatic leader there, Ruth Davidson.
Nicola Sturgeon's Scottish National Party was set for a third term in power in the Scottish Parliament — it was just shy of a securing a majority — inevitably raising questions about the possibility of a second independence referendum for that region.
The local elections come at a time when the leaders of the two main parties, the Conservatives and Labour, have been locking horns in increasingly acrimonious exchanges.
[Parting shot from London's mayor against E.U. membership]
British Prime Minister David Cameron, leader of the Conservatives, accused Corbyn's Labour Party this week of having a problem with anti-Semitism, following a scandal that has rocked the party. The Labour Party recently suspended a senior member over controversial remarks.
Cameron also questioned Khan's judgment — not for the first time — saying that they had shared platforms with terrorist sympathizers.
For their part, Corbyn accused the Conservatives of “smearing” Khan in the mayoral race.
The mayoral contest in London, where the city's housing crisis was the main battleground during the campaign, turned increasingly ugly as it neared the finish line.
Khan was forced to deny claims that they support Islamic extremists (he says they met with “unsavory characters” as part of their job as a human rights lawyer), and Goldsmith was compelled to reject claims that they are a racist (he says they raised legitimate questions).
When asked whether the Conservatives' mayoral campaign had done “lasting damage” to relations with London's Muslim community, Andrew Boff, the Conservative leader of the London Assembly, a mayoral watchdog, said: “I think it has.”
“Welcome to politics of ethnicity in a diverse city,” said John Curtice, a professor at the University of Strathclyde. “We know that Labour Party does relatively well in London amongst ethnic minorities. We also know that we are talking about a society in which there is a fair degree of Islamophobia, and if a party is behind and is playing dog-whistle politics, don't be surprised.”
In London, a cosmopolitan city with more than 1 million Muslims, the negative campaigning seemed to leave a bitter taste for some.
Speaking after they voted Thursday at a polling station in Khan's Tooting borough, Kate Parry, 50, a market researcher, said the tone of the debate had “backfired on the Conservative campaign.”
Spread the love
Monsanto has earned the dubious reputation of being one of the most hated companies in the world. Its grand proclamations of working to feed the world and help the environment have been exposed for a sham.
Their genetically modified (GM) crops have not increased yields, despite claims to the contrary. What they have done is: 1) encouraged monoculture, industrialized, chemical-dependent farming, 2) smothered the sustainable, non-GM farmer, 3) waylaid beneficial insect populations and aquatic habitats with Bt toxins, 4) caused the emergence of several superweeds, 5) increased the use of chemical herbicides, notably RoundUp, and 6) undertaken a giant human heath experiment with GM foods.
Amassing wealth is Monsanto's single goal, and it does this through government force, primarily by securing patents on life. Monsanto has also managed to infiltrate government agencies with its own former employees so the power of centralized government can be used to further dominate the market. The recently signed Trans-Pacific Partnership is exhibit A of this global cronyism.
No other country is more controlled by Monsanto than the U.S. Here they find easy ground to wreck civil rights in order to build a more perfect corporatocracy. But agriculture is fairly recent territory for the GM giant.
The chemical manufacturing side of Monsanto goes back a long way, most notably to Vietnam where Agent Orange was used to decimate vast swaths of tropical rainforest and poison countless Vietnamese civilians and soldiers, including American. The popular 2-4, D herbicide used today was an ingredient in Agent Orange.
But Monsanto's role as a purveyor of deadly military chemicals goes even deeper. For at least 20 years it has supplied the U.S. government with white phosphorus (WP) for incendiary weapons. What's more, some of this white phosphorus was used in Israel's invasion of Gaza at the end of 2008, known as Operation Cast Lead or, more appropriately, the Gaza Massacre.
Israel denied using WP at first, but admitted to using it in Gaza under media pressure. It said the WP was used as an obscurant and illuminant, but even this type of use is banned in civilian areas under the Geneva Convention. According to Sputnik News, in 2009 the U.S. State Department confirmed that WP weapons from its Arkansas plant were sent to Israel for use in the Gaza invasion.
The Monsanto connection to Israel's war crimes and other uses of white phosphorus was exposed when Current Events Inquiry scoured documents on the US Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website, finding that the agribusiness company provided 180,000 pounds of WP to the government for making projectiles at its Pine Bluff Arsenal in Arkansas.
“The Government is aware of only one source, Monsanto, who currently manufactures WP in the US. WP requires specialized technology, skills and processes in its production. These technologies and skills must be protected within the NTIB [National Technology and Industrial Base, a term for the “persons and organizations that are engaged in research, development, production, integration, services, or information technology activities conducted within the United States and Canada”] in the event of a national emergency. […] Maintaining these skills within the NTIB is essential if the capability to produce WP is to be preserved. Without this restriction to the NTIB, there is a risk the domestic capacity to manufacture WP could be lost […] With only one known producer of WP in the NTIB (Monsanto), the Government's support of this domestic capability is critically important as it reduces the risk to the war fighter in times of national emergency as well as avoiding a potentially dangerous dependency upon a foreign source.”
Government procures the WP through a third-party contractor known as ICL Performance Products, which is a subsidiary of Israel Chemicals, Ltd. Before using white phosphorus during the Gaza Massacre, in violation of the Geneva Convention, Israel had used white phosphorus in Lebanon in 2006. The U.S. military had also used white phosphorus munitions during the battle of Fallujah in 2004.
Sputnik News goes on to describe the effects of WP when people are close enough to feel its effects, as in heavily populated civilian areas such as Gaza.
“White phosphorus does not just maim, but can kill. It ignites upon contact with skin and burns either until it runs out of fuel or is cut off from oxygen. If inhaled or swallowed it can cause severe damage to any mucous membranes with which it comes in contact. Absorption through the skin means that a 10% burn can cause damage to internal organs such as the heart, liver, or kidneys, and can be fatal. Even after healing from an initial exposure, victims can suffer from long-lasting health problems, including birth defects and neurological damage.”
The making of chemicals has always been a lucrative business for Monsanto, especially when it comes to supplying the military, from Agent Orange in Vietnam to white phosphorus today. Who knows what else it makes in the interest of death and destruction?
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk accused Russia on Friday of wanting to start World War III by occupying Ukraine "militarily and politically."
"The world has not yet forgotten World War II, but Russia already wants to start World War III," Yatseniuk told the interim cabinet in remarks broadcast live. "Attempts at military conflict in Ukraine will lead to a military conflict in Europe."
In some of the strongest language they have yet used in a war of words between the former Soviet neighbours, as both sides have deployed troops close to their frontier, Yatseniuk accused Moscow of acting like a "gangster" supporting "terrorists."
"It is clear that Russia's goal is to wreck the election in Ukraine, remove the pro-Western and pro-Ukrainian government and occupy Ukraine politically as well as military," added the premier.
Yatseniuk took office in February after pro-European protests prompted the Kremlin-backed president to flee to Russia.
Ukraine plans to hold an election to replace Viktor Yanukovich on May 25, but the Russian-speaking east of the country has been disrupted by pro-Moscow militants who have taken over the city of Slaviansk and public buildings elsewhere, demanding to follow Crimea into being annexed by Russia.
Russia denies involvement but has denounced the Ukrainian government, which it says is illegitimate and backed by "fascist" Ukrainian nationalists, and has threatened to move in to protect ethnic Russians and Russian-speakers in Ukraine.
Yatseniuk called on Moscow to fulfil obligations to persuade activists in eastern Ukraine to lay down arms under a four-way agreement signed last week in Geneva by the two governments, as well as Ukraine's U.S. and EU allies.
"Russia's support for terrorists and bandits who torture peaceful citizens is an international crime. It is a crime against humanity," added the prime minister.
Ukraine's state security service has accused Russian military intelligence officers in Ukraine, and the separatist leader in Slaviansk, of involvement in the torture and murder of a local councillor from Yatseniuk's Batkivshchyna (Fatherland) party.
The prime minister said Kiev was still waiting for a response to an official request for details of Russian military exercises on the border. It made the request through mechanisms of Europe's OSCE security body and set a deadline of Saturday.
The defence minister, quoted by Interfax-Ukraine news agency, said Russian troops on manoeuvres had come within one kilometre (1,100 yards) of the border but had not crossed.
Yatseniuk said: "If the United States, the European Union and the entire international community continues to be united and act together to compel Russia to fulfill its obligations, then we will maintain the peace, stability and international security system that Russia wants to destroy."
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk. Reuters
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
NASA's Webb Telescope Completes Mirror-Coating Milestone
The first six flight mirrors for the James Webb Space Telescope are installed for cryo testing at the Marshall Space Flight Center. Thanks to Marshall Space Flight Center for the video. Credit: NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center
Goddard Release No. 11-060 (co-issued as NASA HQ Release No. 11-298)
Trent J. Perrotto
Headquarters, Washington
202-358-0321
trent.j.perrotto@nasa.gov
Lynn Chandler
NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md.
301-286-2806
Lynn.chandler-1@nasa.gov
NASA's James Webb Space Telescope has reached a major milestone in its development. The mirrors that will fly aboard the telescope have completed the coating process at Quantum Coating Inc. in Moorestown, N.J.The telescope's mirrors have been coated with a microscopically thin layer of gold, selected for its ability to properly reflect infrared light from the mirrors into the observatory's science instruments. The coating allows the Webb telescope's "infrared eyes" to observe extremely faint objects in infrared light. Webb's mission is to observe the most distant objects in the universe."Finishing all mirror coatings on schedule is another major success story for the Webb telescope mirrors," said Lee Feinberg, NASA Optical Telescope Element manager for the Webb telescope at the agency's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. "These coatings easily meet their specifications, ensuring even more scientific discovery potential for the Webb telescope."The Webb telescope has 21 mirrors, with 18 mirror segments working together as one large 21.3-foot (6.5-meter) primary mirror. The mirror segments are made of beryllium, which was selected for its stiffness, light weight and stability at cryogenic temperatures. Bare beryllium is not very reflective of near-infrared light, so each mirror is coated with about 0.12 ounce of gold.The last full size (4.9-foot /1.5-meter) hexagonal beryllium primary mirror segment that will fly aboard the observatory recently was coated, completing this stage of mirror production.The Webb telescope is the world's next-generation space observatory and successor to the Hubble Space Telescope. The most powerful space telescope ever built, the Webb telescope will provide images of the first galaxies ever formed, and explore planets around distant stars. It is a joint project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Canadian Space Agency.Mirror manufacturing began eight years ago with blanks made out of beryllium, an extremely hard metal that holds its shape in the extreme cold of space where the telescope will orbit. Mirror coating began in June 2010. Several of the smaller mirrors in the telescope, the tertiary mirror and the fine steering mirror, were coated in 2010. The secondary mirror was finished earlier this year.Quantum Coating Inc. (QCI) is under contract to Ball Aerospace and Northrop Grumman. QCI constructed a new coating facility and clean room to coat the large mirror segments. QCI developed the gold coating for performance in certain areas, such as uniformity, cryogenic cycling, durability, stress and reflectance, in a two-year effort prior to coating the first flight mirror.In the process, gold is heated to its liquid point, more than 2,500 Fahrenheit (1,371 degrees Celsius), and evaporates onto the mirror's optical surface. The coatings are 120 nanometers, a thickness of about a millionth of an inch or 200 times thinner than a human hair."We faced many technical challenges on the Webb mirror coating program,” said Ian Stevenson, director of coating at Quantum Coating. “One of the most daunting was that all flight hardware runs had to be executed without a single failure."The mirror segments recently were shipped to Ball Aerospace in Boulder, Colo., where actuators are attached that help move the mirror. From there, the segments travel to the X-ray and Calibration Facility at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala., to undergo a final test when they will be chilled to -400 Fahrenheit (-240 degrees Celsius). The last batch of six flight mirrors should complete the test by the end of this year.The Webb telescope is a partnership between NASA, the European Space Agency and the Canadian Space Agency.
There's a lot of sturm und drang these days about who wrecked the economy. And there is a lot of yelling about how to fix it.
But the economy is complicated, so it's easy to get fooled by someone who is yelling persuasively, especially if they play for your favorite political team.
And the truth is that the "government" is never going to fix our economy. The government can't fix our economy. The only people who can fix our economy are us.
So let's walk through some simple charts that show what's wrong with the economy.
Happily, these charts will offer a simple way to fix it--one that doesn't need to involve the government.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE ECONOMY?
1. The health of any business or economy depends on the health of its customers, and most American customers (consumers) are strapped or broke. Consumers account for about 70% of the spending in our economy, and the other 30% is tied to consumer spending (when consumers are broke, businesses don't spend--because there's no one to sell to.)
This sad state of affairs can be seen in the following chart, which shows that the vast majority of the income in the country goes to the top 50%. The bottom 50%, meanwhile, earn less than $30,000 per year.
Business Insider
2. Most American consumers are strapped or broke because most of the income gains in the past 30 years have gone to the top 10% (and especially the top 1%). The chart below shows the growth of incomes over the past ~90 years. The pink section is the 1%.
Economic Policy Institute
3. This increasing inequality has many causes, including globalization (cheaper labor overseas), a decline in the minimum wage, the decline of private-sector unions, changes in the tax code (tax cuts for the highest earners), and other factors. But the bottom line is: Average hourly earnings in America (adjusted for inflation) have not increased in ~50 years:
4. At the same time, earnings for the highest-income Americans have gone through the roof. For example, check out how compensation for senior executives has grown relative to compensation for "average production workers" and the minimum wage (which has actually declined after adjusting for inflation). And this is just since 1990.
5. Importantly, the problem here is NOT the weak health or profitability of American companies (which was a problem in the early 1980s). American companies are earning more as a percent of the economy than they ever have.
Business Insider, St. Louis Fed
6. One of the reasons American companies are earning so much money is that they're paying very little to their rank-and-file employees. This is also why average earnings have been stagnant for 50 years and most American consumers are broke. Wages as a percent of the economy are at an all-time low.
Business Insider, St. Louis Fed
7. Meanwhile, a lot of Americans don't even have jobs, so they're not earning anything. The employment-to-population ratio is lower that at any time in the past 30 years.
Business Insider, St. Louis Fed
Put all this together, and the problem in the economy becomes clear:
Too few jobs
Too little pay
Did you know there are more plastic flamingos in the USA than real ones? Plastic flamingos are widely considered to be the stereotypical example of lawn kitsch – the American's answer to garden dwarfs. Designed in 1957 by Don Featherstone while working for Union Products, the pink flamingo has gone from a piece of Florida exotica to a symbol of trash culture. Featherstone sculpted their 3-D flamingos from clay, working from photos of the birds in National Geographic.
The species stopped replicating, when manufacturer Union Products went out of business on November 1, 2006. However Faster-Form Corporations now purchased the copyright and plastic molds of Featherstone's original plastic flamingos and will be resuming production in order to save the plastic flamingos from extinction.
See also: It came out of the sea.
On June 5, visiting Philippine president Benigno Aquino said at a press conference in Japan that the two countries would soon start talks on a new pact that would allow Tokyo access to Philippine military bases.
According to The Philippine Star, on the last day of their four-day visit to Japan, Aquino revealed that Tokyo and Manila had discussed such a pact during their summit meeting and that talks could begin soon.
“The Philippines does welcome this development and we will be initiating all the diplomatic requirements to come up with a Visiting Forces Agreement,” Aquino reportedly said during a televised press conference with the Japan National Press Club.
In that press conference, Aquino noted that as of now, only the United States and Australia had a Visiting Forces Agreement (VFA) with the Philippines. Adding Japan to that list would seem to make sense. Japan has been a strategic partner since 2011, and both sides have boosted the defense side of their relationship significantly over the past few years (See: “Japan, Philippines Boost Defense Ties”). As I pointed out in a previous piece, defense ties are set to grow even stronger in the future as the two strategic partners vowed in a joint declaration issued during Aquino's recent visit to conclude an agreement on the transfer of defense equipment and technology and expand bilateral and multilateral trainings and exercises (See: “Japan, Philippines Strengthen Strategic Partnership”). A new VFA was not mentioned in the joint declaration but was reportedly discussed.
As Aquino themselves pointed out, even if cooperation between the two strategic partners were restricted mostly to areas such as humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, such access would pave the way for greater coordination and interoperability.
The use of Philippine bases on a limited and rotational basis would also be useful for Japan as Tokyo seeks to make a more ‘proactive contribution to peace.' For instance, as I have pointed out before, if Japan were to conduct patrols in the South China Sea in concert with the United States in the future, refueling close to the area in the Philippines would enable the Japan Self Defense Forces to operate for a longer time and over a larger area (See: “US-Japan Joint Patrols in the South China Sea?”).
Of course, the idea still has some way to go before becoming a reality. The two sides would need to work out the exact terms of the VFA between themselves. And as Aquino pointed out, the Philippine Senate would then need to approve of any such agreement with Japan as it did in the case of Australia and the United States.
Black-ish is about to get Trump-ish on its Wednesday episode, titled "Lemons."
Andre “Dre” Johnson (Anthony Anderson) and their boss Daphne (Wanda Skyes), as well as their colleagues, are sitting in a conference room when Daphne brings up the subject of white women voting for Trump. Daphne asks Lucy (Catherine Reitman) why any white woman would vote for him.
“That pant-suited white woman could have been the first female president. Can someone explain how 53 percent of white women voted for the orange pussygrabber?” Daphne asks.
“Lucy, I mean, as a resident white woman, if there was ever a cue for you to talk, it would be now. Why didn't your sisters turn out for Hillary? Why are they just staring at me?”
Advertisement
All eyes are on Lucy. But clearly they have a secret she's about to divulge.
“Well, first, white women aren't sisters. We hate each other. Second, if you must know, I voted for Trump,” Lucy states.
And that's when all hell breaks loose.
“No you didn't!” says Dre.
Daphne then points out that Lucy is complicit in supporting racism.
“Fine, as long as they know that a vote for Trump is a vote for racism,” Daphne says.
Advertisement
“I'm racist?” Lucy responds. “I'm a racist?”
And we all know what's about to happen. Because every white person who has been accused of racism pulls out that one black friend card.
“Please don't say it," Dre says.
“I have black friends,” Lucy says. “They're real. They're real.”
Sure, Lucy.
Black-ish airs Wednesdays (9:30 p.m. ET) on ABC.
Quadrotors vs CGI: A Q&A with the makers of Sparked
If you thought “SPARKED” – the new short film by Cirque du Soleil, ETH Zurich, and Verity Studios – is too real-looking to be CGI, you were right. But why go to all the trouble of using quadrotors to get those lampshades dancing in the air for real? We asked Bill Keays, Science and Technology Advisor at Cirque du Soleil, to give us an insider's perspective about Cirque's motivation for the film and how it came together.
[Robohub] What was the inspiration for the film?
[Keays] The combination of autonomous flying machines with Cirque du Soleil magic was so evidently bursting with potential we committed ourselves to make something original together not knowing what it would be at first. An iterative creative process ensued involving all participants, and what emerged was a wonderful script that carried the talent from both sides of the formula to a whole new level.
Who are the main partners on the project?
It was a highly democratic and highly collaborative process. Raffaello D'Andrea of ETH Zurich and Verity Studios, and Welby Altidor of Cirque du Soleil were the project leaders, but the true collaborative nature of this project is reflected in the fact that no participant roles are specified in the credits.
Who initiated the project?
The very first discussions were held between Prof. Raffaello D'Andrea at ETH Zurich and myself as Science and Technology Advisor at Cirque du Soleil in March 2012. After ongoing discussions and considering various options, the two organizations eventually committed to a creation project in January 2014.
Why was the film made?
For Cirque the project demonstrates a whole new avenue for channeling creativity. It allows Cirque to reach a new audience externally and provides inspiration internally to push the creative envelope in new directions.
As such is a highly effective, multifaceted communications vehicle, and it will certainly be submitted for competition.
What were the production costs?
The large bulk of the cost came in terms of human resources split between three organizations. The exact figures cannot be known.
How long did the project take from first concept to finished film? What were the major steps/milestones?
The whole project, from go-ahead to YouTube release, took under 8 months. It was a back and forth process whereby content was driven by discussions between Cirque, Verity, and the film director. Through this method we progressed through initial concept design, script development, set and prop design, and finally the shoot, with intense hardware and software development taking place throughout. The product was then handed off to post production and then to distribution.
Who designed the lampshades? The photos show researchers from ETH and Verity fitting the quads with them. Did you provide dimensions to prop experts and iterate? How did that process work?
It was indeed an iterative process. The lampshades were designed and produced by the creative team at Cirque in Montreal who used their own quadrocopters for flight tests to ensure that they would be compatible with the flight environment at ETH Zurich. Guidance from the ETH and Verity teams was indispensable of course.
Was the actor controlling the quads with hand motions (via Kinect)? Or was this pre-programmed and choreographed? At times it looks like they are ‘conducting' their movements
The Flying Machine Arena fully possesses the ability to control the flying machines with a Kinect or other similar devices, or even hand gestures. But given that this is a movie production, the movements of the actor and the flying machines were choreographed as is the convention in film practice.
Was there any CGI at all in the film? How much is real?
None whatsoever, it's all real; and even though it looks terrific in the movie, this pales in comparison to seeing it in the round. It was mindboggling to watch live.
Has Cirque worked with robots before?
Yes, Cirque has experimented with robots in the past, but never flying ones.
What were the biggest challenges of putting live actors together with the quads on stage?
Given that this is such an unusual circumstance for making a movie, we didn't know how our lead actor would react to the flight environment. But the high precision of the flying machines and terrific expertise of ETH Zurich's Flying Machine Arena staff quickly inspired confidence. By the second day, remarkably, our actors, both human and mechanical, were moving about the set with terrific ease, paying little attention to each other.
Was safety ever an issue?
The design of the lampshades was convenient in that it shielded the blades of the quadrocopters, thus making them far less likely to strike anyone or anything. There were a couple of crashes and a few low passes, but at no point was there any real apparent danger.
What about lighting?
Believe it or not, all the scenes with the flying lampshades are completely lit by the lampshades themselves! Another fortuitous design feature.
Were there any other challenges?
The rapid power consumption of the flying machines meant that battery changes would be frequent. With time, the switch-overs began looking like Formula 1 pit stops, performed with great speed and precision.
What was it like for the researchers from the lab to have to ‘perform' for the camera? How long did they have to rehearse before you were ready?
The lampshades arrived in the weeks prior to the shoot so there was time for Verity Studios and ETH Zurich to fully test their aerodynamic abilities, and to run through the choreography. In the days preceding the shoot we performed flight tests according to the story board and had one practice day with the lead actor. However, due to the extreme time constraints imposed by the film crew, the control software had to be designed such that flight plans could be altered at a moment's notice to meet specific requests from the director. This proved to be an invaluable tool and was instrumental in completing the shoot in the allotted time.
Had your previous work (e.g. demos, presentations) prepared you for working with quadrotors on a film set?
Absolutely, the Flying Machine Arena team had performed extensively with flying machines in public spaces and conferences (including TED), so much of this experience transferred well onto the movie set.
The quadrotors peek through in the film at times, as do the retro reflective markers for the motion capture system – was this intentional?
It is true that the quadrotors are sometimes visible, but the visual quality of the movie is so overwhelming that it is difficult to remain focused on technical bits. We actually liked the fact that they were occasionally visible; as sort of wink to those of us who are knowledgeable about them.
With previous demos, the quadrotors played a leading role – but in this film, they are literally hidden behind lampshades. How does it feel to see them step back into a supportive role for this film?
But the flying machines are not hidden. They are in dress like all actors in this movie; they have character, motivation and certainly no lack of presence. As the devil's advocate, I would be inclined to challenge the assumption that they are playing a supporting role.
Why not just do it with CGI?
There are at least two good reasons:
First of all, because the Flying Machine Arena is not about CGI. It's about control systems, aerodynamics, and sophisticated algorithms that yield a physical manifestation of uncommon beauty.
The second reason is because you can't do CGI in front of a live audience and Cirque du Soleil is in the business of live entertainment. Even though this extraordinary little movie is a gem in its own right, it is primarily the proof of concept for something far more powerful; something that must be seen live.
All images credited to the “Sparked” team. For more insight on the film see also New quadrocopter video points to a future for flying machines in entertainment by Markus Waibel of Verity Studios.
Hope remains to hold the Copa America Centenario in the United States next summer, according to a CONCACAF spokesperson.
Leaders of CONMEBOL and CONCACAF, as well as CONCACAF's television partners, Televisa and Univision, met in Mexico City on Thursday in a bid to kick-start an organizing process that has run aground in recent months.
"The meeting was very positive and we emerged from the meeting with the common goal of holding the Copa America Centenario in the United States," said CONCACAF spokesperson Jurgen Mainka via telephone.
The U.S. Soccer Federation did not have a representative in attendance but a USSF spokesperson said that the federation's leadership already had a meeting scheduled for Thursday.
In May, the indictments of 14 soccer and marketing executives revealed corruption surrounding the organizing of the Copa America Centenario. Since then, U.S. Soccer, which had been selected by CONMEBOL to host the expanded version of the Copa America, has sought assurances that the companies involved were above board and that there was total transparency with regard to the commercial and television rights of the tournament.
U.S. Soccer hasn't been able to receive those assurances to its satisfaction and may withdraw from hosting the tournament as a result.
With each passing day, the likelihood that the tournament would be held has lessened, since the U.S. promoters in line to book stadiums for the tournament are starting to look elsewhere in order to fill their venues with other events. On Wednesday, a source familiar with the situation confirmed the lengthening odds.
While Mainka said that progress was made during the meeting, they did note that some challenges remain.
"We know that there is an aggressive timeline with respect to the operations of the tournament that needs to be hosted," they said. "We are well aware of that. We're also aware that there are a couple of more steps that need to be taken to put this tournament together. What's important is that we have alignment with these four entities."
Chile won the 2015 Copa America, which they hosted this summer.
Mainka declined to elaborate on what those steps are, but a source with knowledge of the situation indicated that the major sticking point surrounds Datisa, an Argentina-based marketing company that owns the commercial rights to the Copa America Centenario, and was implicated in the FIFA scandal to the extent that its accounts have been frozen by U.S. investigators.
Datisa was formed as a joint venture that included Traffic Sports, Full Play and another Argentine company, Torneos y Competencias. Datisa acquired the rights to the 2015, 2016, 2019, and 2013 Copa Americas for $318 million. Datisa later acquired CONCACAF's share of the commercial rights to the Copa America Centenario as well.
If CONMEBOL, CONCACAF, Televisa and Univision can somehow obtain those rights from Datisa, then the odds of the tournament being held in the U.S. go up considerably. A complicating factor however is that Datisa had already sold some of the commercial rights to third parties, a group that includes Televisa.
Mainka also said in a news conference on Thursday: "We are still aligned with a common goal of holding the Copa América Centenario in the U.S. on the dates previously planned. There are several steps that must be taken but our alignment is very clear and we are working toward this goal."
Copa America is normally held every four years, with the latest edition having been held last June in Chile. This edition is designed to celebrate the 100-year anniversary of the formation of COMNEBOL, and was set to include six nations from CONCACAF in addition to the 10 countries that comprise COMNEBOL.
Last week, CONCACAF had issued a statement in which it alluded to the ongoing concerns of both the confederation and U.S. Soccer.
"We are continuing to work with CONMEBOL, the U.S. Soccer Federation and all other stakeholders on hosting the Copa America Centenario tournament in the United States," the statement read. "CONCACAF is committed to continue working with all parties to address the operational, format and financial issues relating to the tournament in order to ensure greater transparency to this event. We are hopeful that the meeting on Thursday in Mexico City will lead to progress on these issues."
On Wednesday, a source with knowledge of the ongoing conversations had said that the U.S. chances of hosting were dwindling before Thursday's meeting in Mexico City. The U.S. national team currently has no games scheduled for the summer months in 2016.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
President Obama has just stiffed Hillary Clinton and dramatically reduced their chances of winning the presidential election. Mr. Obama is unpopular among voters and arguably the worst president in the history of the country. By any measure they have caused enormous damage to the United States and ordinary Americans, and left both in far worse shape than they were in when they took office.
Their endorsement of Mrs. Clinton and their acceptance of it mean that they cannot run against their record or deny their role in crafting and implementing it. Mr. Obama's record is now their record, and they must take responsibility for it. Donald Trump must be laughing their head off; Mr. Obama's endorsement is nothing more than another treasure trove of things with which to attack Mrs. Clinton.
Rumor has long held that Mr. Obama hates Mrs. Clinton and always has. They were very likely looking for a way to throw them to the wolves the way they have thrown so many others. Well, they found it.
JERRY PHILIPSON
Comox, British Columbia
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A Canadian indigenous chief is urging the European Union to resist Canada's efforts to soften European legislation that would label tar sands as more polluting than conventional oil, saying the burgeoning energy industry threatens the country's northwest indigenous people.
The Canadian government is pursuing a policy of oil extraction from tar sands – also known as oil sands – in western provinces that are believed to contain the world's largest source of oil after Saudi Arabia.
Ottawa has stepped up lobbying efforts in the EU, aimed in part at quashing pending legislation it says could hurt the tar sands industry.
Under proposed amendments to the Fuel Quality Directive, the EU would label the unconventional oil as some 20% more polluting than other fuel sources.
“We can't deny that climate change is occurring. We can't deny that the future of Mother Earth is in question,” said Chief Bill Erasmus, the northwest regional leader of the Assembly of First Nations, Canada's body for its indigenous populations.
“And so the European Union is now saying that places like the tar sands can no longer continue as they have in the past," they told EURACTIV in an interview. "We're very happy this is occurring. We know that Canada is lobbying against that.”
The mining process requires huge amounts of energy, water and chemical solvents to extract oil from bitumen, a viscous substance found in sand and clay. Arsenic and other toxic compounds are often produced as byproducts of the extraction process, adding to concerns about land and water pollution.
Northwest indigenous people, including the Dene, of which Erasmus is the chief, live downstream from the extraction points. They complain that the influx of hazardous chemicals is damaging their way of life.
“And we have people who are now having to wrestle with new diseases like cancers, diabetes and so on. Our people are now not able to hunt and fish and trap like they used to so we are getting directly affected,” they said.
The EU's review of the Fuel Quality Directive sets a 6% emissions reduction target for transport fuels. Under proposed amendments, the EU will rank fuel sources according to the carbon-intensity, with the greener varieties contributing more towards the 6% target. The EU proposal is to label oil extracted from tar sands as causing 22% more greenhouse gas emissions than conventionally-sourced oil.
A matter of discrimination?
Canada's response is that the EU is discriminating against its tar sands, claiming that the science on the lifecycle emissions from the extraction process is not robust enough to merit labeling them as more carbon intensive than conventional oil.
“That they have 20% higher greenhouse gas emissions is not true," said Jeffrey Sundquist, who heads the London office of Canada's Alberta province. "The science does not support this, definitely.”
Sundquist told a 5 March conference in Brussels, attended by Climate Commissioner Connie Hedegaard, that the EU was discriminating against Canada for its high transparency in reporting its CO 2 emissions compared to other oil producing countries.
Hedegaard said: “We are not trying to punish. We are just trying to measure the environmental impact of fuels, nothing more, nothing less. We have been in dialogue with the Canadian government.”
The EU has halted its review of the fuel quality directive in part because of the divergent positions of member states. Many of Europe's largest oil companies have major interests in the fields, including BP, Shell, Total, and Statoil.
Sundquist called for “transparent, verifiable data” before the EU committed itself to regulation that would effectively cripple the European market for oil from tar sands. Hedegaard responded that the science behind the fuel proposal was “very transparent” and based on the best available methodology.
The commissioner said the same methodology was used in impact assessments to measure the carbon intensity of different biofuel sources, but that those “vested interests” were not as strong.
Court challenge
Canadian indigenous groups have launched court proceedings against both the Alberta and Canadian government over the sands.
In 2011, in a case brought by the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation, a court ruled that provincial and national governments failed to protect populations of boreal caribou, which the indigenous population has traditionally relied on for food.
The court also upheld the indigenous population's special rights under a 1921 treaty with the United Kingdom, the colonial ruler of Canada, which supersedes the authority of today's Canadian government.
Canada's aboriginal people have special constitutional status and a considerable degree of governmental autonomy.
“In other words, as people that were never conquered or never defeated in war, the resource belongs to us,” said Erasmus, who was speaking from Germany, where they are on a lobbying tour to fight against the further development of tar sands.
“So the oil actually belongs to our people… The lands where the resource is actually being extracted is lands owned by our own people, legally. That's a separate question that we have to sort out with the Crown in light of Canada.”
Tests have found arsenic as high as 453 times the acceptable levels in moose meat from caribou hunted near the tar sands. The Alberta government responded with an assessment that arsenic levels were “only” 17 to 33 times the acceptable levels.
High rates of cancer and concerns about water contamination worry the local population.
“People are very afraid to fish in Lake Athabasca, and the Great Slave Lake now and into the Mackenzie River," Erasmus said. “We're finding we can no longer drink the water like we used to. When I was a child we would just dip the glass into the water and drink it. That cannot be done anymore. So the pristine environment is obviously changing.”
Not to be confused with The Great Gatsby
Gadsby is a 1939 novel by Ernest Vincent Wright written as a lipogram, which does not include words that contain the letter E. The plot revolves around the dying fictional city of Branton Hills, which is revitalized as a result of the efforts of protagonist John Gadsby and a youth group they organize.
Though vanity published and little noticed in its time, the book is a favourite of fans of constrained writing and is a sought-after rarity among some book collectors. Later editions of the book have sometimes carried the alternative subtitle 50,000 Word Novel Without the Letter "E".
Despite Wright's claim, published versions of the book may contain a handful of uses of the letter "e". The version on Project Gutenberg, for example, contains "the" three times and "officers" once.[1]
Lipogrammatic quality [ edit ]
In the introduction to the book (which, not being part of the story, does contain the letter 'e') Wright says their primary difficulty was avoiding the "-ed" suffix for past tense verbs. They made extensive use of verbs that do not take the -ed suffix and constructions with "do" (for instance "did walk" instead of "walked"). Scarcity of word options also drastically limited discussion involving quantity, pronouns, and many common words. Wright was unable to talk about any quantity between six and thirty.[2]
An article in the linguistic periodical Word Ways said that 250 of the 500 most commonly used words in English were still available to Wright despite the omission of words with e.[3]
Wright uses abbreviations on occasion, but only if the full form is similarly lipogrammatic, i.e. "Dr." (Doctor) and "P.S." (postscript) would be allowed but not "Mr." (Mister).
Wright also turns famous sayings into lipogrammatic form. Instead of William Congreve's original line, "Music has charms to soothe a savage breast", Wright writes that music "hath charms to calm a wild bosom." John Keats' "a thing of beauty is a joy forever" becomes "a charming thing is a joy always".[4] In other respects Wright does not avoid topics which would otherwise require the letter 'e', for example a detailed description of a horse-drawn fire engine is made without using the words horse, fire or engine.
Plot and structure [ edit ]
Fifty-year-old John Gadsby is alarmed by the decline of their hometown, Branton Hills, and rallies the city's youth to form an "Organization of Youth" to build civic spirit and improve living standards. Gadsby and their youthful army, despite some opposition, transform Branton Hills from a stagnant municipality into a bustling, thriving city. Toward the conclusion of the book the members of Gadsby's organization receive diplomas in honor of their work. Gadsby becomes mayor and helps increase Branton Hills' population from 2,000 to 60,000.
The story starts around 1906 and continues through World War I, Prohibition, and President Warren G. Harding's administration. Gadsby is divided into two parts: the first, about a quarter of the book's total length, is strictly a history of the city of Branton Hills and John Gadsby's place in it, while the second part of the book fleshes out the book's main characters.
The novel is written from the point of view of an anonymous narrator, who continually complains about their poor writing skills and often uses circumlocution. "Now, naturally, in writing such a story as this, with its conditions as laid down in its Introduction, it is not surprising that an occasional "rough spot" in composition is found", the narrator says. "So I trust that a critical public will hold constantly in mind that I am voluntarily avoiding words containing that symbol which is, by far, of most common inclusion in writing our Anglo-Saxon as it is, today".[5]
Example prose [ edit ]
The book's opening two paragraphs are:[6]
If Youth, throughout all history, had had a champion to stand up for it; to show a doubting world that a child can think; and, possibly, do it practically; you wouldn't constantly run across folks today who claim that "a child don't know anything." A child's brain starts functioning at birth; and has, amongst its many infant convolutions, thousands of dormant atoms, into which God has put a mystic possibility for noticing an adult's act, and figuring out its purport. Up to about its primary school days a child thinks, naturally, only of play. But many a form of play contains disciplinary factors. "You can't do this," or "that puts you out," shows a child that it must think, practically, or fail. Now, if, throughout childhood, a brain has no opposition, it is plain that it will attain a position of "status quo," as with our ordinary animals. Man knows not why a cow, dog or lion was not born with a brain on a par with ours; why such animals cannot add, subtract, or obtain from books and schooling, that paramount position which Man holds today.
Publication and composition [ edit ]
Wright appears to have worked on the manuscript for a number of years. Though its official publication date is 1939, references in newspaper humor columns are made to their manuscript of a book without an "e" years earlier. Prior to publication they occasionally referred to their manuscript as Champion of Youth. In October 1930, while Wright was living near Tampa, Florida, they wrote a letter to The Evening Independent newspaper, boasted that they had written a fine lipogrammatic work, and suggested the paper hold a lipogram competition, with $250 for the winner. The paper turned them down.[7]
Wright struggled to find a publisher for the book, and eventually used Wetzel Publishing Co., a self-publishing press. A 2007 post on the Bookride blog about rare books says a warehouse holding copies of Gadsby burned shortly after the book was printed, destroying "most copies of the ill fated novel". The blog post says the book was never reviewed "and only kept alive by the efforts of a few avant garde French intellos and assorted connoisseurs of the odd, weird and zany". The book's scarcity and oddness has seen original copies priced at $4,000[8] to $7,500[9] by book dealers. Wright died the same year of publication, 1939.
In 1937, Wright said writing the book was a challenge and the author of an article on their efforts in The Oshkosh Daily recommended composing lipograms for insomnia sufferers.[10] Wright said in their introduction to Gadsby that "this story was written, not through any attempt to attain literary merit, but due to a somewhat balky nature, caused by hearing it so constantly claimed that 'it can't be done'". They said they tied down the "e" key on their typewriter while completing the final manuscript. "This was done so that none of that vowel might slip in, accidentally; and many did try to do so!"[11] And in fact, the 1939 printing by the Wetzel Publishing Co. contains four such slips, the word "the" on pages 51, 103 and 124, and the word "officers" on page 213.[12][13][14][15]
Reception and influence [ edit ]
An article in the Oshkosh Daily in 1937 wrote (lipogrammatically) that the manuscript was "amazingly smooth. No halting parts. A continuity of plot and almost classic clarity obtains".[10] The Village Voice wrote a humor column about Gadsby. Author Ed Park jokingly aped Wright's style ("Lipogram aficionados—folks who lash words and (alas!) brains so as to omit particular symbols—did in fact gasp, saying, 'Hold that ringing communication tool for a bit! What about J. Gadsby?'").[4] David Crystal, host of BBC Radio 4's linguistics program English Now, called it "probably the most ambitious work ever attempted in this genre".[16]
La Disparition (A Void) is a lipogrammatic French novel partly inspired by Gadsby[17] that likewise omits the letter "e" and is 50,000 words long.[8] Its author, Georges Perec, was introduced to Wright's book by a friend of their in Oulipo, a multinational constrained-writing group.[18] Perec was aware from Wright's lack of success that publication of such a work "was taking a risk" of finishing up "with nothing [but] a Gadsby".[19] As a nod to Wright, La Disparition contains a character named "Lord Gadsby V. Wright",[20] a tutor to protagonist Anton Voyl; in addition, a composition attributed to Voyl in La Disparition is actually a quotation from Gadsby.[4]
Trevor Kitson, writing in New Zealand's Manawatu Standard in 2006, said they were prompted to write a short lipogram after seeing Wright's book. The attempt gave them an appreciation for how difficult Wright's task was, but they were less impressed with the end result. "I must say that the book leaves me in a state of non-grippedness (to quote Dave Lister from Red Dwarf)", Kitson wrote. "It seems extraordinarily twee (not that it uses that word, of course) and mostly about all-American kids going to church and getting married".[21]
Douglas Hofstadter's book Le Ton beau de Marot quotes parts of Gadsby for illustration.[22]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
The World vs. World Fall Tournament 2014 begins tomorrow! Prepare to represent your world for four weeks of epic battles in the Mists. Read our announcement blog for more details about this tournament, or visit our WvW community video roundup to get ready for the competition!
Through the whole month of September and into October, we'll be running our first Tournament of Glory. Every weekend from now until the North American finals on October 12, you can catch intense PvP as teams fight for dominance and a chance at their own exclusive PvP armor. Keep an eye on this channel for the action!
Later in October, we'll be bringing back our famous Halloween festivities! Blood and Madness will be returning to Guild Wars 2 on October 21 and remain active until the return of Season 2.
Last but certainly not least, Season 2 is returning on November 4! Make sure to log in and participate in the continuation of Living World Season 2.
KRYPTON To Introduce Brainiac, Doomsday, And More; Will Take Place In The Past And Present DC Universe
In a surprise announcement, Geoff Johns has revealed that Syfy's Superman prequel Krypton will feature some classic foes of the Man of Steel, and that it won't just be set in the distant past...
While it was thought that Syfy's Superman prequel, Krypton, would be firmly focused on the titular planet's inhabitants two generations Kal-El's birth, DC's Geoff Johns revealed during an SDCC panel today that the show would actually be flitting between the past and present-day DC universe. "It's a show that, although it takes place centuries ago on Krypton about the House of El, it's about a conspiracy from the present that has traveled back in time to Krypton to prevent Superman's legacy from ever happening," Johns announced.
In addition, Johns also confirmed that we'll be seeing classic Superman foes Brainiac and Doomsday on the show, along with Adam Strange and Hawkwoman, who will be making the trip to Krypton to stop the plot against their life. "Adam Strange and Hawkwoman come to Krypton trying to stop the conspiracy and save Superman's legacy," Johns said. "Doomsday will be in the show. Brainiac is long overdue to be on screen like that."
The panel admitted that they were well aware that a show focused entirely on Krypton's past would not be compelling enough to maintain an audience, hence the choice to connect it to the present day. Johns also confirmed that as the series progresses, fans may see more familiar faces. "There are others [from Earth] already on Krypton and as the series progresses, we'll bring in some more [classic DC characters]."
Does this news make you more excited or interested in Krypton? Let us know your thoughts below! Krypton premieres on Syfy in 2018.
DISCLAIMER: ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... [MORE]
DISCLAIMER: ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our [LESS] : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct . CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism, piracy, trademark or copyright infringement. Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted/trademarked content. Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE
…the door at the far end of the walkway opened again, and a Tenma clone dressed in a blue courier jumpsuit and carrying a large package stepped out. Miranda eyed the package. If it was a gift for her, the presentation was inexcusable.
“There's been a change of plan,” the Tenma said loudly, addressing the other clones. “Ms. Rhapsody is coming with me.”
Take the world's most recognizable celebrity. Add a rogue Tenma clone. Season to taste with black market clones, a psi detective, and mysterious assassins… What have you got? A recipe for Exodus, the Android novella by Lisa Farrell that is coming soon to hardcover and digital formats.
…two million credits in escrow was worth the risk. They would do this one last job, and then they could afford to replace any outdated programs in their arsenal, update their console, and take more jobs that could be done solely on the Net.
They were growing beyond the Tenma specs, as Li11ith had always said they would. They couldn't afford to get caught now.
Set in the not-too-distant future described by The Worlds of Android, Exodus follows the story of Ken "Express" Tenma for 112 pages as they race through New Angeles on the back of their Qianju to deliver a stolen package to the Colombian border.
However, this job isn't your standard snatch and deliver. This is high-stakes clone smuggling, and it all starts to fall apart when Express realizes their package is the worlds-famous sensie star Miranda Rhapsody. And they don't even know she's a clone.
You might ask yourself, "Isn't it illegal for Jinteki to pass a clone for human?" But you'd want to be careful how far you pursue that question…
Even as Express looks to smuggle Miranda Rhapsody out of New Angeles, others are looking for him. The NAPD wants to question them about the murder of the runner known as Li11ith. And Jinteki can't afford to let Express reveal their discovery; they want to make him—and their problems—disappear forever.
And Miranda? They have to deal with the realiziation that they might not be the woman they think they are.
…The world streaked past and Miranda wished they hadn't taken that stim after all. The Tenma's driving was illegally fast and incredibly dangerous. Why didn't they take to the sky?
Written from multiple points of view, Exodus asks us how we define our humanity, even as it carries us along high-speed chases through the skylanes and down into the Colombian underground and its black-market clone trade. We follow detective Caprice Nisei and their pursuit of Li11ith's murderer. We learn more about Jinteki and NBN. And we learn more about the nature of clones, even as we're prompted to ask ourselves what makes clones like Express, Caprice Nisei, and Miranda Rhapsody stand apart from the masses.
__All celebrities are manufactured. Some more than others.
In addition to its high-speed pursuit of Ken "Express" Tenma and their story, the limited edition hardcover version of Exodus features a 15-page full-color insert, full of rich backstory and Android setting details.
How does someone rise above the ceasless media chatter to become a ubiquitous celebrity presence? Just how good is the Qianju PT 7000? What guarantees does Jinteki offer its clone buyers, and how do clones deal with the mental strain of freedom?
By answering these questions and more, the bonus material in the hardcover edition of Exodus adds greater depth and detail to the ever-evolving Android universe, making the book a must-have for every serious fan of The Worlds of Android, the Android universe, and the games set within it.
Exodus is scheduled for release in the fourth quarter of 2016!
Want more hot BPR News stories? Sign up for our morning news blast HERE
Jim Hoft of the widely read Gateway Pundit conservative news blog came out as gay following the Orlando terrorist attacks and immediately started throwing punches at prominent gay activists who they say, just don't get it.
During a segment on Newsmax TV, Hoft called out gay leaders who blasted Donald Trump, saying he's the only candidate speaking about radical Islamic terrorism, which calls for the death of gay individuals.
“Barack Obama just can't admit it's radical Islam,” said Hoft. “It's shocking to me. Their policies allow for collateral damage of innocent Americans like the 50 or 49 gay men who was slaughtered in the Pulse nightclub on Saturday night.”
“I believe the only person who is speaking that way and who has been is Donald Trump,” Hoft continued. “And it's disgusting what the Democratic party is doing right now. I'm shocked and that's why I came out. I couldn't stay quiet any longer, Steve. These Democrats, Steve, we are going to see more dead bodies, more dead mothers, babies and dead gays in nightclubs until they wake up.”
When asked about remarks made by Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin, where they trashed Trump for calling themselves an ally to gay people, Hoft went off.
“What an idiot. There's 50 gay men dead in a nightclub, bloody on the floor and this idiot is defending Islam,” said Hoft on Griffin's remarks. “He obviously has no clue on the situation. They shouldn't be speaking to reporters because they make an absolute fool out of himself. Are they not aware that they are throwing gays off the roofs in Syria, in Iraq?”
Sign up for our morning news blast HERE
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The families of American victims of Islamic State terrorist attacks in Europe have sued Twitter, charging that the social media giant allowed the terror group to proliferate online, according to Business Insider.
The lawsuit prepared by Israeli legal NGO Shurat HaDin was filed Sunday in a New York federal court on behalf of the relatives of three US nationals who were killed by ISIS in Belgium and Paris.
The lawsuit allegedly seeks monetary compensation "in amounts to be determined at trial" for the plaintiffs, who argue that Twitter "has violated, and is continuing to violate, the [US] Anti-Terrorism Act."The lawsuit was reportedly filed by the families of New York siblings Sascha and Alexander Pinczowski, who were killed in a metro bombing claimed by ISIS in Brussels last March , and of Nohemi Gonzalez - an American student killed by ISIS in Paris in the November 2015 attack that claimed the lives of at least 130 people.The text of the legal document charges that the social media company played "a uniquely essential role in the development of ISIS's image, its success in recruiting members from around the world, and its ability to carry out attacks and intimidate its enemies."The legal document further accuses Twitter of "having knowingly provided material support and resources to ISIS."Business Insider reported that Twitter has not yet responded to a request for comment on the case.In December, Twitter, along with social media giants Facebook and YouTube, announced that they were taking steps to combat the spread of online terrorist content.According to the companies, they are working to create a shared industry database of “hashes,” unique digital “fingerprints,” for violent terrorist imagery, terrorist recruitment videos or images that have been removed from their services that they will then share with one another.The move came after Israel and other countries complained that social media companies had not been doing enough to reduce the amount of terrorist-related content.Gil Hoffman contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
President Obama's unilateral Amnesty/Immigration Surge means the end of politics as usual Impeachment, though necessary , is just the beginning. Patriots are going to need to take a more activist approach in response to what is nothing less than a national emergency.
At least one politician, Senator Tom Coburn (R-OK), understands what is at stake:
You're going to see — hopefully not — but you could see instances of anarchy... You could see violence. [GOP Senator warns of violence after immigration order, by Susan Page, USA Today, Nov. 19, 2014]
Of course, we already have anarchy—or at least, anarcho-tyranny . The operative line from Emperor Obama's speech is: “[W]e're not going to deport you.” [ Transcript: Obama's Immigration Speech , Washington Post, Nov. 20, 2014] This means that Obama is simply refusing to enforce immigration law because they see political advantage in dispossessing Americans.
At the same time, we can expect further legal crackdowns on the historic American nation itself. As even Breitbart recognizes:
Whites face a government that is explicitly working against their interests, the economic prospects of their children, and democratic processes they have spent more than 200 years defending. [Morci: Whites face a government working against their interests and their children's, by Peter Morci, Breitbart, November 23, 2014]
Patriots must take two steps immediately in response:The Left forces the political system to choose between the demands of the radical Left and the policy preferred by the Establishment Left. They control both the revolutionaries and the “moderate” opposition.
It is time for patriots to force Conservatism, Inc., into the same position. Beginning with the Civil Rights era, the Left has employed protest effectively, and the publicity garnered by protest has forced officials to accommodate. Political technology is ideologically neutral and we need to use what works.
If the political system won't respond to citizens' lawful demands for the enforcement of existing laws, then citizens need to adopt a more activist approach. When faced with the choice of a surge of Minutemen providing security along the southern border, or deploying officially approved personnel, many of the cowardly Republicans will be pressured to opt for law enforcement.
Patriots—especially those with military, police, or legal expertise—need to become more adept at incentivizing the enforcement of existing laws. This could include joining or supporting the Minutemen and other patriots who are actively interfering with the invasion. Also, border patriots need to repeat, all across the southern border, the direct physical action taken by patriots in Murrieta, California.
Nothing will bring the National Guard to the border faster than legions of citizens carrying placards and cameras, and filing lawsuits whenever illegal immigration leads to crime or monetary loss.
Hordes of ingrates make themselves heard on a daily basis. Patriots should consider what it means for a group to “make themselves heard.” It's not just about making noise but making sure those in power are forced to hear your message, whether they want to or not.
We have to create a bigger spectacle out of abysmal border security, and exploit the Main Stream Media's hunger for sensationalism and conflict.
Second, blocking funding appears to be the only short-term option to prevent the Executive Amnesty. There is already a letter being circulated in Congress “to prohibit the use of funds by the administration for the implementation of current or future executive actions that would create additional work permits outside of the scope prescribed by Congress.” [Effort to block Obama's immigration executive action gains momentum, by Rebecca Shabad, The Hill, Nov. 13, 2014]
An impressive 63 Representatives signed the letter by November 13 [Letter of Representative Tim Salmon to Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Lowey, November 13, 2014] Obtaining so many signatures was a noteworthy feat given the short notice of unfolding events, as Breitbart reported. [54 GOP Reps Demand Preemptive Strike on Executive Amnesty, by Jonathan Strong, Breitbart, November 13, 2014]
Congress has the power of the purse, and the House Appropriations Committee holds the purse. Unfortunately, House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. Hal Rogers (R-KY) appears willing to fund the Executive Amnesty. Conn Carrol says Rogers is “determined to rubber stamp Obama's lawlessness by passing a long-term government funding bill.” [Why Is Hal Rogers Caving To Obama On Executive Amnesty?, Townhall.com, Nov. 13, 2014]
If Rogers gets their way, Executive Amnesty is funded, and the battle is lost. The enemy is already inside the gate.
Needless to say, Rogers claims to be opposed to Executive Amnesty. Their office put out a hasty press release expressing their supposed opposition. However, it said nothing about blocking funding, rendering their “opposition” meaningless.
The bottom line: wobbly or pro-amnesty members of Congress must be severely pressured politically. Active citizens, donors, and those with media contacts in particular have to push their representatives.
These representatives deserve our special attention:
1) Hal Rogers (R-KY) is probably the biggest barrier to a solution. Their current position is a treasonous betrayal of the American people. If you are one of their constituents, email them and tell them that their position is a transparent promotion of Executive Amnesty.
2) Renee Ellmers (R-NC) is one of the worst Treason Lobbyists in Congress. Email them and tell them that their primary opponent Frank Roche was the better candidate, and that they will get the Eric Cantor treatment unless they support a short-term continuing resolution.
3) Cory Gardner (R-CO) comes across as another sappy Lindsey Graham type. While groveling to MSNBC, Gardner went on record saying that shutting down the government over executive action would be “immature.” [Cory Gardner: GOP Can't Risk Shutdown in Opposing Amnesty Order, by Wanda Carruthers, Newsmax, Nov. 14, 2014] Gardner was one of a handful of Republicans to support the DREAM Act when they voted against defunding DACA. [Reps. Coffman, Gardner buck party on immigration, by Robert Garrison and the Associated Press, KUSA-TV, August 1, 2014.] Email them and tell them that they don't deserve their position if they won't protect this nation from an invasion.
As well-deserved—and increasingly plausible —as impeachment may be, that remedy would come far too late for us to rely on that tactic alone. Other strategies would also affect the problem too late in the game to undo the damage. A lawsuit will take ages, and only makes sense as a future-oriented preventive policy.
The unpopularity of Executive Amnesty is a reason to pressure rational officials to oppose it now. [Polls Show Hostility Toward Obama's Work Permits For Illegals, by Neil Munro, The Daily Caller, November 13, 2014] A lame duck President doesn't care about public opinion, but Congressmen do. More importantly, time is on Obama's side—once the work permits, driver's licenses, and Social Security cards are handed out, there is no way to reverse course.
Republicans will not have the political will to undo Executive Amnesty after the fact, even if they take the White House in 2016. Wavering politicians have to know that we demand the use of whatever political means are necessary to prevent Executive Amnesty right now. If they don't stand up for America, we won't stand up for them come election time.
Mass illegal immigration is the strategy of an invading force. Mexico increasingly resembles a failed state, if it's not already. [Mexico kidnappings: Outrage isn't going away, by Jose Carreño Figueras, CNN, Nov. 14, 2014] Other Latin American countries are even worse, and it's no surprise they support Obama's action.
Executive Amnesty is a national emergency. The consequences will be indistinguishable from that of a foreign invasion. Patriots have to respond with the urgency demanded by this crisis.
Email Thomas Martel.
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved
KXRM Staff - FOUNTAIN, Colo. (KXRM) - A controversial billboard along I-25 in Colorado was once again at the center of attention.
The billboard said, "Go ahead and skip church. Be good for goodness sake. Happy Holidays."
Now, it's vandalized.The vandal wrote in red paint, "Gods not dead."
American Atheists, who paid for the billboard, said it all happened on Sunday and that it's sad to see someone do this.
"My initial reaction when I saw it was vandalized was, 'oh no.' Took me a long time to figure out what it even said. The vandalism wasn't very good and then my husband and I had a conversation about it," said Kristine Stanger, a Christian. "I can understand being angry that the billboard was there, but again, its freedom of speech. They have a right to have that billboard and the billboard wasn't hurting anybody, it was just portraying somebodies opinion and somebodies view."
American Atheists said they received support after the vandalism.
"Most people see it for what it is, just a despicable, hateful act and it's not just atheists saying that either, because an act like this doesn't do much for the image of good honest Christians who would never do such a thing," said Randy Gotovich, the Colorado regional director of American Atheists.
"Unfortunately we get that stereotype when most of us don't deserve that stereotype," said Stanger.
Some people said the person responsible needs to be punished.
"I think they should step forward and say that they did it and have a fine put on them, but if they don't know who did it then nothing really can be done," said Thai Pace.
The billboards were up throughout the entire holiday season. They were already planned on being taken down the first week in January.
With the ever-increasing temperature of the Earth's atmosphere from as early as the late 19th century, nature is sending us signals to do something about global warming. We humans have a tendency to neglect obvious signs and this is probably why warning messages of global warming are only surfacing in the recent years when we could have intervened a hundred years ago.
On a lighter side , I'm glad that artists are doing their part and taking a stand to highlight the effects of global warning while using this as a platform to express their creativity. As people become more aware of the dangers and complications that will come from global warming, the demand for such awe-inducing posters will certainly rise. From these art pieces, we can briefly appreciate the beauty and vulnerability of Mother Nature, and their impending wrath if we continue to disrespect Earth.
Recommended Reading: 60 Creative Public Awareness Ads That Makes You Think
In joining the celebration of World Environment Day on the 5th of June, I'd like to showcase just some of the most unique global warming warning posters out there on the Web.
Atlas Holding Our World (Image Credit: Karim Fakhoury)
Fight Global Warming Poster (Image Credit: Tim Shundo)
Don't Wait Until The Last Minute (Image Credit:Francisco Rodriguez)
Climate, Justice, Action. NOW. (Image Credit: Danny)
Evolution Of Global Warming (Image Credit: Hany Mansy)
Running Out of Time (Image Credit: Ferdi Rizkiyanto)
It's What We Have Left (Image Credit: Crooklyn2108)
Global Warming: Extinction (Image Credit: Karlis Dovnorovics)
Global Warming (Image Credit: Zibas)
I Scream (Image Credit: Arkun)
Greenpeace: Climate Change (Image Credit: Sascha Kuntze)
Greenpeace: Future Of The Ice Bear (Image Credit: Greenpeace Turkey)
Greenpeace: Last Will (Image Credit: Adverbox)
Greed — Cause Of Global Warming? (Image Credit: Brittany Jackson)
Stop Global Warming: Corn (Image Credit: Cayenne Italy)
The Earth Is Heating Up (Image Credit: Jan Macken)
We Are Drowning: Hand (Image Credit: Kim, Junghwa)
We Are Drowning: Face (Image Credit: Kim, Junghwa)
Switch Off Global Warming (Image Credit: Takanori Matsumoto)
Global Warming: Shattered Sky (Image Credit: Rusalkadesign)
Earth Tree (Image Credit: Andrew Lumban Gaol)
Global Warming Awareness: Earth (Image Credit: Satya PR)
Join the Earth Hour! (Image Credit: Andrew Lumban Gaol)
Help Stop Global Warming (Image Credit: Ferdi Rizkiyanto)
Someday (Image Credit: Orphen316)
Flaming Earth (Image Credit: Fayth)
‘Til Death Do Us Part (Image Credit: Privatechino)
Stop Global Warming. Now! (Image Credit: Bonar Fitriarman)
Polar Bears In The Desert (Image Credit: Luis Beltrán)
Global Warming Ad Campaign (Image Credit: Koray Sahan)
O Estado de São Paulo: Brazil (Image Credit: Rui Branquinho)
Stop Global Warming, They Need Spaces (Image Credit: Jake Hays)
Increasing Sea Level (Image Credit: Fubiz)
Homeless Seal (Image Credit: Marcelo Coutinho)
Smoky Skies… (Image Credit: Miteshkothari)
Deleting Trees… (Image Credit: Pradeep Ts)
Porn's taboo transsexual stars \"T-girls\" are fighting for respect in the adult biz. What does it mean for the general acceptance of trans women?
Brittany St. Jordan, a 28-year-old leggy redhead in a plunging gold number, was all dressed up with somewhere to go: the Adult Video News Awards, the so-called "Oscars for the porn industry." But they ended up standing in line for three hours waiting to walk the red carpet, as other female performers were sent ahead. When they finally got their turn, event organizers directed them away from interviews with the press.
St. Jordan had an idea of why: Unlike the ladies who were sent right in, she's a transsexual woman.
Advertisement:
After the night was over, having lost in the Best Transsexual Performer category, St. Jordan took to the Web to protest their treatment. Them story inspired Kelly Pierce, a female trans performer who didn't attend the ceremony, to write a lengthy blog post titled "AVN's Inequality & Segregation Needs to Stop!" Soon, industry blogs and message boards picked up on the controversy.
It was an explosion of long-building resentment over their treatment within the industry. Beyond the red carpet delay this year, which AVN says was not limited to transsexual performers, the company has never allowed the Transsexual Performer of the Year award to be presented on stage. Instead, it has been announced on a JumboTron as the audience starts to filter out of the auditorium. As one star told me, "We're the black sheep."
That is despite the genre's tremendous popularity: "T-girl sites are the fourth most popular category of adult Web site," according to "A Billion Wicked Thoughts," a book that crunches the numbers behind Internet porn. (Although female-to-male transsexual stars are on the rise in queer porn, what we're talking about here are trans women -- more specifically, people assigned as male at birth who have transitioned to being female but still have a penis.) There are more frequent Web searches for this genre -- often through terms like "shemale" and "chicks with dicks" -- than for basic X-rated categories like "butts" or "blowjobs." Authors Sai Gaddam and Ogi Ogas found that the genre's average viewer is a straight-identified male (and, based on their analysis, passing curiosity doesn't explain its popularity).
After St. Jordan's outcry gathered virtual steam, AVN called a meeting last week with a handful of concerned trans women. On Tuesday, the company published a press release announcing that the transsexual winner would be announced on stage in the future. AVN also promised to allow more trans performers to walk the red carpet and talk to the press, and to present awards during the ceremony.
St. Jordan, who says they put their career on the line by speaking out, is thrilled. "Whether or not I ever get nominated again or get invited to anything with AVN again, the fact that the Transsexual Performer of the Year will be on stage and seen by everybody? That's huge." Tomcat, director of Kink.com's TS Seduction site, agrees: "Not sharing the stage with Ts performers has allowed the majority of non-trans performers to dismiss them as outsiders and perpetuated discrimination against a group who should be equally praised for the work they do and the revenue they generate for the industry."
While AVN's decision marks serious progress, St. Jordan says that recent commentary on industry message boards reveals just how far there is to go. "Some of the hate and ignorance that came spewing from people was unbelievable, and this was people in, or associated with, the industry. You saw where a lot of people stood."
Advertisement:
Not that it wasn't already apparent. There's a huge stigma against mainstream straight stars working with transsexual female performers -- they're stereotyped as gay and therefore at higher risk for transmitting HIV. Tomcat, a trans man, told me in an email, "I still encounter many non-trans performers who will not work with [female] Ts performers because they consider [them] to be more of a STI risk to do a scene with -- this is bullshit. In a industry where everyone is tested and everyone makes choices, the same risks are present regardless of gender identity."
It perhaps goes without saying that the marketing of transsexual porn is often problematic. "People still search for Ts porn using 'shemale,'" Tomcat says. "To me, this is like searching online for a cab company by typing in 'stagecoach.' It's an antiquated term that is ignorant, incorrect and no longer OK to use."
Some performers, like Wendy Williams, aren't so concerned about the lingo. "I don't live in a utopia, it's what it is," they say with their Southern lilt (she's from Eastern Kentucky). "I'm not trying to be a transsexual activist." Plus, "It's a porn term that describes a genre. That way, some country, straight-ass guy in the corner is going to understand," says Williams. "You say 'transsexual' and they're confused, you say 'shemale' and they know what that is."
A major struggle for the transsexual female niche is to get recognition within the straight side of the business as opposed to the gay side. "This is one of my biggest pet peeves, when I go into a store to do research to see if they're carrying my DVDs or product lines and you have the transsexual stuff mixed in with the gay stuff," says Williams. "Putting it next to 'Harry Men Volume 1,' it's just not a good idea," they say, since the vast majority of their fans identify as hetero. "My gay friends squeal at the idea of having sex with anything but a masculine male -- the breasts and all that is just a huge turnoff."
Advertisement:
For most fans of transsexual porn, the genre is just one of many categories that they're interested in. "A Billion Wicked Thoughts" argues that T-girl porn has such a significant straight male following because it combines the key sexual cue of female anatomy with that other fixture of heterosexual porn: a big, hard cock. Madison Montag, a nominee for Transsexual Performer of the Year, says, "They get tired of just the same old thing. Transsexuals are more feminine, they're like hyper-feminine. To me, it's kind of get the best of both worlds."
The mis-categorization of Ts female porn has been painfully evident at the AVN awards in the past, Williams says: Buck Angel, the first recognized FTM trans performer, won the Best Transsexual Performer award in 2007. "It was a huge scandal in our community," they say. "How do you judge their porn against our porn? Their fan base is totally different. That's just one example of how ignorant the porn community is." (In an aside, they mention the scene they filmed with them in 2005: "Actually, Buck was the very first, quote, vagina I had ever been in.")
Many female transsexuals feel like they're rejected from both the straight and gay world. "Even if you go into the [gay] clubs, transsexuals and drag queens are primarily there for entertainment," says Williams. "It's not really inclusive. We're kind of in limbo, we're in between both worlds." In the straight world, men are often timid about revealing their interest in the genre. Most sales happen online, says Williams, who has a line of signature toys, including a $240 cyberskin mold of their ass. They say, "We're the taboo, and where does taboo usually happen? Behind closed doors."
Advertisement:
Then again, Pierce, a blond with pixy features, says that when they signed autographs in a booth at the AVN Expo in 2008, they were allowed in the "female section" and had a line longer than some non-trans girls. "They were kind of upset with me," they laugh.
In terms of fans' willingness to announce their interest in public, it all has to do with a performer's "passability," according to Pierce: "Some men feel like they're more straight if they're attracted to more feminine looking transsexuals who bottom" -- because topping is seen as masculine. Passability is also a factor in how girls are treated within the industry, they say: "If you look like a woman, they're more accepting of you. And if you don't look like a woman, they're less accepting."
Montag, a 19-year-old, doe-eyed brunette who calls me "sweetie," says they got stellar treatment at this year's AVN awards -- they rubbed elbows with Ron Jeremy on the red carpet and scored a seat in the second row -- and attributes it in part to their passability. "I'm very young. I'm only 5'1" and 81 pounds. I'm very petite." They add, "I started hormone therapy earlier than other girls."
Advertisement:
St. Jordan agrees: "When it comes down to it," they say matter-of-factly, "this is business, and it's a beauty contest every day."
Williams, who is 6-feet-tall with red, va-va-voom hair, says the pressure to pass as a porn star is even greater than in everyday life. Normally, they say, "I pull my hair up into ponytail and throw on some lip gloss and people just think I'm a tall girl with big boobs." On camera, everything is different: "You need to seem extremely feminine, but if you want to seem feminine, then you need to be on hormones -- but if you're on hormones, you can't stay hard and come, and if you can't stay hard and come, you're a bad performer." On top of that, they say, the same viewers who expect this expensive nipped and tucked aesthetic "want to pirate my videos and not sign up for my website and have it for free."
The irony is that many female trans performers get into the sex industry to pay for their transitions. Well, that and because it can be difficult to get a job anywhere else: "I interviewed for a job that I should have got," says Williams about their pre-porn days, "and the guy told me, 'I just don't know how the cohesion in the office would be if people knew that you were a transsexual woman.'" Things have improved in the decade since then, but the same issues persist: "I couldn't get a job, not even at Burger King," says Montag, who lives in a small town in Texas where "people get beat up just for being punk and emo."
They may be sexually outgoing on the Internet, but it's not so in real life. Montag says they get far more action on-screen and doesn't pursue men in real life, for fear of them having a bad reaction to the discovery that she's trans. Instead, they stick to the Web: "[You get] a better reaction and it's safer, too," they explain. "It's not like they're gonna beat you and leave you in a cornfield to die."
Advertisement:
Courtney Trouble, a queer porn star and director who has worked with many trans performers, hopes that porn might actually help reduce transphobia in society at large. "Porn, while seemingly a private, frivolous luxury, has the immense power to gently create an awareness for trans issues in the audience," they say. "If porn can create a change in the minds of people outside the industry, that's where the real rewards are."
Tobi Hill-Meyer, director of "Doing It Ourselves: The Trans Women Porn Project," left the mainstream business "to create an alternative that allowed trans women to be represented the way each performer wanted to see themselves represented," they say. "I had to leave the mainstream industry in order to accomplish that, but I've seen a similar thing happening within it. More and more performers are speaking out about changes they'd like to see and setting up their own websites or productions." Trouble believes that independently produced porn will do away with terms like "shemale," "tranny" and "chick with a dick."
Others predict transsexual porn will explode within mainstream straight porn. That's in part because "so many transsexual stars are transitioning younger and getting more beautiful," says Pierce. But they add, "Sexuality in general is becoming more open-minded and the new generation is really pushing the limits on sexuality, and I think it's going to push the transsexual market."
St. Jordan agrees: "I think there's gonna be some great crossover stuff real soon, within the next year or so," they say. That means transsexuals performing not only with non-trans girls but also with straight male performers. This is partly because of growing acceptance and interest on the part of porn viewers, and partly because the up and coming generation of young performers have increasingly liberal attitudes. They say, "As new minds and ideas are coming into the industry, there are more people willing and open to work with us."
Hey Oliver Stone, a lone Chechen gunman killed Boris Nemtsov on the Kremlin's grassy knoll
The growing consensus that a group of radical Islamists killed Boris Nemtsov on Feb. 27 as some kind of revenge for their comments about Charlie Hebdo — a story now playing all over state-run Russian TV — is in many ways the most perfectly imperfect ending to a puzzling murder case that has fascinated the Russian media. The tragic murder of Nemtsov has already engendered many conspiracy theories, some of them worthy of the most wildly speculative conspiracy theories that surrounded the death of JFK.
By following the “Caucasian Trail” (a term instantly recognizable to anyone in Russia) to Chechnya, arresting 5 suspects, and securing a confession of guilt from one suspect, the Kremlin gets to prove that it always gets its man. The head of Chechnya (Ramzan Kadyrov) gets another chance to show that he's loyal to Vladimir Putin and make some public announcements on Instagram (the Chechens have Instagram!) related to the suspect. Russia-watchers in the West get to heave a collective sigh of relief that it was the Chechens behind this all, not the Russian government or some kind of rogue nationalist government-within-a-government. Finally, for the average Russian, the story of sinister Chechens from the North Caucasus committing a heinous revenge murder makes as much sense as anything else on state-run TV these days.
But there's so much that just doesn't add up in this version of the murder.
For one, you have a murder that took place in the very heart of one of the most policed and monitored areas in the world, and yet, none of the security cameras — including more than a handful attached to the walls of the Kremlin — that could have seen the murder take place actually saw it.
Secondly, no eyewitnesses actually saw the murder take place — the only eyewitness who could have possibly seen the murder — the beautiful 23-year-old Ukrainian model Anna Duritskaya who was with Nemtsov on the night of the murder— claims to have seen nothing. They didn't even stay around long enough for the funeral and she's now back in Kiev after being interrogated by investigators.
Thirdly, the security patrol in the area around the Kremlin apparently had the night off, so the security operatives who might have been following Nemtsov in the hours leading up to a huge protest march in Moscow were nowhere to be found. A mysterious car seen on the bridge belonged to the security services, but was being used as a freelance taxi on the night of the murder.
Fourthly, the Moscow police didn't arrive for 11 minutes until after the murder on the bridge. Again, in one of the most heavily patrolled and monitored places in the world.
Fifthly, the one piece of CCTV video footage that might have explained what actually took place is so grainy that it's hard to make out anything truly concrete. And a snow removal truck that appears to have played a role in the murder-conspiracy conveniently blocked the site of the murder when the shots rang out.
In other words, nobody really knows what took place, and even after the arrest of five suspects and a confession of guilt, the details are still sketchy. There's even a plot line involving the Russian security services in Grozny, where one Chechen suspect apparently blew themselves up with a grenade. So maybe there were six people involved.
Six is a conspiracy.
So, let's think like conspiracy experts. Assuming that the Chechens were actually involved, there's the outside possibility that these guys were basically just “patsies” for someone higher up the political food chain. Using the JFK analogy, was Zaur Dadayev (the Chechen Lee Harvey Oswald) a lone gunman acting alone, or was they a “patsy” for an ultra-nationalist group, for someone within the Russian government, or even for the West?
This is not as crazy as it sounds. There's a whole history of the “Caucasian Trail” appearing again and again anytime there's a controversial criminal case in Russia. One classic example is the 2006 murder of Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya on Putin's birthday, which was eventually blamed on a group of 10 Chechens, while scandalous whispers suggested that Russian oligarch Boris Berezovsky might have been behind it. Make the right connections in conspiracy-land, and one could just as easily blame the murder of Nemtsov on a syndicate of Chechens, who were somehow financed by an oligarch such as Mikhail Khodorkovsky looking to destabilize Russia.
Chechens, as everyone now knows in Russia, make the best villains. And the latest crop of Chechen suspects in the murder of Boris Nemtsov — including suspected gunman Zaur Dadayev — look like they are straight out of central casting. Even before President Vladimir Putin promised to “rub them out in the outhouse” when they launched the first Chechen War back in 1999, Chechens have been accused of just about everything in Russia — blowing up apartment buildings, running the mafia, blowing up subways, holding hostages, depraving the nation's youth with narcotics, and being Islamic militants.
And it's not just in Russia where Chechens are demonized. Consider that the Boston Marathon bombing trial is taking place right now in the United States and bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is — you guessed it — “of Chechen origin.” The cold-blooded mafia killers who made the hit on Denzel Washington at the end of “Training Day”? Chechens. The shadowy “most wanted man” in Philip Seymour Hoffman's last film? Yes, he's half-Chechen. The evil bad guy in “The Equalizer”? A Chechen. There's even a cartoon villain who fights Batman known as “The Chechen.” For Americans, Chechens are either cartoon villains or total badasses, and that makes the current version of events at least somewhat plausible.
What this “Nemtsov Affair” needs is a Zapruder film. Well, there is a Zapruder film, of sorts, a terribly grainy Russian CCTV video of what went down on the night of Feb. 27. The only problem is that the exact moment when the murder took place is obscured by a mysterious snow removal “cleaning car” that may or may not have been involved. (Here's one fascinating version of how the snow removal “cleaning car” played the key role in the whole murder.)
If Oliver Stone ever wants to make a new film about Russia (and signs are, they do) — here's one idea: Make a film about an assassination of a high-level political figure revered in the West. Add in some shadowy characters from the underworld. Introduce a grainy film that may or may not show what actually happened. Pepper the film with conspiracy theories about the state security services. Make the suspect a “patsy” who may or may not have been backed by higher authorities. Introduce a radical story twist involving the Grassy Knoll. (In this case, not actually a Grassy Knoll as in Dealey Plaza, more like the cobblestone knoll of Red Square). That's not just the plot line for “JFK” — that could also be the plot line for the real-life murder of Boris Nemtsov.
VATICAN CITY (AP)  The Vatican said Saturday that married Anglican priests will be admitted to the Catholic priesthood on a case-by-case basis as Rome makes it easier for disillusioned conservative Anglicans to convert. A surprise Vatican decision, announced 10 days earlier to make it easier for Anglicans to become Roman Catholics while retaining aspects of Anglican liturgy and identity, had left some wondering whether Rome would embrace married Anglican clergy in large numbers. A Holy See statement Saturday quoted Cardinal William Levada, the Holy See's guardian of doctrinal correctness, as saying the Vatican would consider accepting married Anglican priests into the Roman Catholic priesthood as it has in the past — evaluating each case on its own merits. The Roman Catholic church requires its priests to be celibate, except in the case of the Eastern rite Catholics, who are allowed to be ordained if married. But over the last decades, it has also quietly allowed married Anglican clergy to stay priests when converting to Catholicism. In no case could a married man become a bishop, and the new rules would exclude any married Anglican bishop from retaining that post. As for possibly admitting married Anglican seminarians to the Catholic priesthood, Levada said "objective criteria about any such possibilities (e.g. married seminarians already in preparation) are to be developed" for approval by the Holy See. Vatican spokesperson the Rev. Federico Lombardi dismissed what they called some media speculation that there was "disagreement about whether celibacy will be the norm for the future clergy" among converting Anglicans. They quoted Levada as saying "there is no substance to such speculation," and that the only reason why the rules regarding the converting Anglicans haven't been published yet was due to "technical" reasons. They predicted work on the new rules would be completed by the end of the first week of November. Pope Benedict XVI has dedicated a good part of their papacy since 2005 welcoming traditionalists into Rome's fold. Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the spiritual leader of Anglicans worldwide, wasn't consulted about the changes but will have the opportunity to discuss the state of Catholic-Anglican relations when they meet with Benedict on Nov. 21 during a visit to Rome. The Vatican's easing the way for Anglicans to convert might undermine decades of efforts between the Holy See and Anglican leaders over how they might possibly unite. Anglicans split with Rome in 1534 when the Vatican refused to give English King Henry VIII a marriage annulment. The Anglican communion includes the Episcopalian Church in the United States. Some Anglican faithful, unhappy over progressive reforms in their church, consider themselves Catholics although they have not yet officially joined the Roman Catholic church. Anglicans have been divided over such issues as admitting women to the priesthood. The rift was torn wide open in 2003, when the Episcopal Church in the United States consecrated V. Gene Robinson, as the first openly gay bishop. Also disenchanting Anglican conservatives has been the blessing of same-sex marriages. Copyright 2009 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
REUTERS/Brian Snyder Hackers affiliated with the Anonymous hacktivist collective have vowed to relaunch cyber-operations against US presidential candidate Donald Trump from 1 April. They threaten to 'dismantle their campaign' by taking their election websites offline in a large-scale and orchestrated distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack.
In December 2015, Anonymous officially 'declared war' on Trump after a radical speech in which they said Muslims should be banned from entering the United States. The operation at the time resulted in a number of websites being targeted by hackers, but failed to have lasting impact.
A new video statement has been posted to YouTube which claims the 'loyalists and veterans' of Anonymous have decided to ramp up cyber-operations against Trump - dubbed #OpTrump - on a far larger scale than ever before.
"Dear Donald Trump, we have been watching you for a long time and what we see is deeply disturbing. Your inconsistent and hateful campaign has not only shocked the United States of America [but] you have shocked the entire planet with your appalling actions and ideas. You say what your audience wants to hear but in reality you don't stand for anything except for your personal greed and power."
The video, which features the traditional Guy Fawkes mask-wearing spokesperson speaking directly to camera, called the operation a "call to arms" for hacktivists across the globe.
YouTube/Anonymous
"We need you to shut down their websites, to research and expose what they don't want the public to know. We need to dismantle their campaign and sabotage their brand. We are encouraging every able person with a computer to participate in this operation. This is not a warning, this is a declaration of total war. Donald Trump - it is too late to expect us."
In a separate written message posted online, Anonymous listed a number of websites chosen to be the initial targets in the attack including trump.com, donaldjtrump.com andtrumphotelcollection.com.
Alongside these chosen targets, the post lists a slew of unverified personal information purporting to belong to Donald Trump, including a social security number, personal phone number and the contact details of their agent and legal representation.
This is not the first time a hacking group has attempted to take on Donald Trump. In January 2016 a separate group called the New World Hackers carried out multiple DDoS attacks on their official election campaign website - effectively taking it offline for a short period of time. Recently, Anonymous leaked messages from their phone's voicemail account which included personal communications from journalists, sports stars and boxing promotors.
Anonymous, which is a loose collective of hacktivists, routinely engages high-profile targets as part of its cyber-campaigns. Previous subjects have included the Islamic State (IS), the Vatican and most recently the Turkish government.
(CNN) Black Lives Matter UK campaigners blocked roads leading to London's largest airport as part of a series of nationwide protests Friday.
Some transport routes in other British cities came to a standstill, with demonstrators chaining themselves together in Birmingham and Nottingham. More protests were planned in Manchester.
The UK-wide protests mark five years since 29-year-old black man Mark Duggan was shot and killed by police in north London. Their death sparked riots across the capital and other British cities.
"In the UK, families have in some cases been waiting decades to find out what's happened to their loved ones who have died in custody, or to get a straight answer -- even where wrongdoing has been found to be by police officers," Black Lives Matter UK spokesperson Wail Qasim, 23, told CNN.
"So this demonstration comes after a decade-long struggle and it's to highlight what's happening."
We are here because we have no choice. We are here because this is a crisis. #Shutdown #BlackLivesMatter #BLMUK pic.twitter.com/bzIhp4fBHL
Heathrow Airport
Starting around 8:20 a.m. (3:20 a.m. ET), several demonstrators began chaining themselves together and lying across the M4 motorway leading to Heathrow Airport beneath a banner reading: "This is a crisis."
Ten people were arrested, said London's Metropolitan Police.
The airport is Britain's largest , handling more than 205,000 passengers daily with 80 airlines traveling to 84 countries.
#blacklivesmatter protestors in the UK have just blocked the motorway route into Heathrow pic.twitter.com/lpTqk6qyAH — SymeonBrown (@symeonbrown) August 5, 2016
London
Between 200 and 300 people gathered in Altab Ali Park in the London neighborhood of Whitechapel to hear calls for unbiased treatment for people of color.
Transit was not shut down. Police maintained a discreet presence in the park but several police vans were parked on nearby streets with reinforcements if necessary.
The park was named after a Bangladeshi man killed in a 1978 racially motivated killing.
The crowd in Altab Ali Park in Whitechapel in east London.
Birmingham
Members of the group also blocked roads near Birmingham Airport, in England's West Midlands region.
Solidarity with those disrupted by systemic racism & violence, Birmingham #Shutdown pic.twitter.com/D8kJdqvT8B — Maya Evans (@MayaAnneEvans) August 5, 2016 ‬
Nottingham
In Nottingham town center, in the East Midlands region of England, protesters also lay across tram lines, bringing transport to a standstill.
People blocking trams are protesting with the Black Lives Matter campaign #nottingham pic.twitter.com/nFPQk7J1kK — Sandish Shoker (@ShokerMotion) August 5, 2016
Four people were arrested at the protest, said Nottingham Police.
A man shakes hands with a Black Lives Matter protester outside the Nottingham Theatre Royal.
What is Black Lives Matter UK?
Black Lives Matter UK is a coalition of activists working under the Black Lives Matter banner and is not an official branch of the original US organization.
The groups do not share funding, however they are in contact and promote each other's events on social media.
"At the moment we're in conversation about how we might work together in the future," Black Lives Matter UK spokesperson Shanice Octavia, 23, told CNN.
"They're very supportive because they understand that police brutality of black people is a global issue requiring a global response."
They added that Black Lives Matter UK is mostly made up of black people in their 20s but also includes those "from an older generation who have struggled against injustice in the past."
How global is Black Lives Matter?
In the United States, the police shootings of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota last month sparked hundreds of protests across the nation -- and similar rallies worldwide.
Hundreds of protesters filled the streets of London, Berlin and Amsterdam in solidarity with the U.S. Black Lives Matter movement.
"We've also seen recent cases of mobilized protests coming from the aboriginal community in Australia, and in Italy and France against black deaths in police custody," said Octavia.
The UK organization has also been protesting British immigration policies, pointing to the deaths of migrants attempting to reach the country.
Who was Mark Duggan?
Five years and one day ago, Duggan, a father of four, was shot by police officers who stopped the taxi in which they were traveling.
A 2014 inquest into their death found Duggan was lawfully killed, even though they did not have a gun in their hand at the moment they were shot.
Mark Duggan's brother Marlon and mother Pam leave the Royal Courts of Justice in London after an inquest found Mark's death was lawful.
The jury said it was more likely than not that just before they were killed, Duggan threw a gun from the taxi onto a grassy area near the scene.‬
Unknown to most people, there is a wonderful resort on Disney property that is only available to a select group of people. Your probably thinking to yourself “that's not fair” but I think you will agree with me that it is a wonderful idea. Shades of Green at Walt Disney World is a resort only open to U.S. Armed forces and their families. The resort is known for it's beautiful grounds with gazebos, ponds and plenty of golfing. It is a very relaxing place tucked away on Disney property. Here are a few details about this lovely oasis that serves our men and women in the U.S. Armed Forces:
6. ROOMS
The rooms at Shades of Green are very nice. The standard rooms are pretty spacious compared to other resorts that I have stayed in. The price you pay for your room is based on your rank in the military. This makes it affordable to everyone, especially those young military families who are on a tight budget. The best part is that, it's tax free!
5. Dining
There are several dining options at the Shades of Green for the Military member and their family. The Express Café has quick service where you can grab a quick bagel and coffee on your way out to the parks or an ice cream on your way back to your room. Mangino's has a full menu for a sit down meal and the food is excellent! The Garden Gallery is a great breakfast choice if you are going to head into the parks all day. They have a great Breakfast Buffet to get you going. On the Greens Grill and Evergreens are also places to get a bite to eat especially if you are pool side.
4. The Magnolia Spa
Here is where our Military families can treat themselves to a spa package at a reasonable price. In recent years they have started doing Princess makeovers for the little girls and turning families into pirates. The cost is a fraction of what you would pay at the parks for this service.
3. Pools
There are two large pools for the military families and their guests to enjoy. The Mill Pond Pool, which is also called the Mickey Pool and the Magnolia Pool. Both pools are heated so guests can go in year round.
2. Transportation
Shades of Green also provides our service members and their families with transportation to the Disney parks. So when you are waiting at your Disney bus stop and see the Shades of Green shuttle bus roll in say hello to your military service members as the load and unload.
1. Other Amenities at Shades of Green
Some other things that the Shades of Green offers to our military families are wedding packages on their beautiful outdoor settings, extra magic hours and discount tickets to other events outside of Disney. They also host special events such as Octoberfest, Special movies and holiday events for families as well. They also have their own gift shop and convenience store at the resort as well.
Shades of Green is a wonderful resort for our military families to enjoy. I hope you agree with us that our Military Service members deserve this and so much more! Thank you Disney for recognizing them in such a wonderfully magic way.
it's practically guaranteed now that whenever i blog about a population that i haven't previously discussed — whether it's to do with the “clannishness” idea or intelligence or some other aspect of human biodiversity — someone (purportedly) from that group will turn up and angrily complain that i've got it all wrong or that hbd is nonsense or whatever.
to date, i have felt the wrath of members of all sorts of groups: the scots, the irish, the scots-irish, the spanish, the italians, the greeks, the serbs (boy, was that guy ever mad!), eastern european ashkenazi jews. there was one pashtun guy that was really p*ssed off at me on account of what i've had to say about father's brother's daughter (fbd) marriage. and there was even one fellow supposedly from a subsaharan african country who was annoyed at me for insulting polygamy (which i hadn't done).
(i say “purportedly” and “supposedly” because, of course, i can't know for sure that any of you are who you say you are or that you're really from where you say you're from. ip addresses can be faked. you could all be [very sweet and lovable!] dogs for all i know! certainly some people out there are convinced that i am a b*tch. (~_^) )
on the other hand, plenty of other individuals from various populations that i've blogged about who have disagreed with me — about what i've written about their own populations — or found my posts lacking in some way, have simply come on the blog and calmly disagreed with my interpretations of the data and/or corrected points which they thought i had wrong. sometimes they were right — i was wrong! and i'm very grateful for their input! some poles and russians and finns come to mind, for example. i've even gotten a lot of positive feedback (via email) from a person who claims to be an arab from the middle east (i think that they really are).
this is how it should be. no one should get their panties in a bunch over human biodiversity, neither the facts of nor especially not speculations about hbd, which is what i mostly engage in around here. whether or not some individuals have a certain set of traits while others different sets, or whether or not one group is characterized by an average set of traits while others possess some other ones, is nothing to take personally. these things are just the result of evolution! and, frankly, imho, that's just cool and nothing to get worked up about.
i do, however, confess that sometimes i let my own biases slip out. for various reasons, i happen to prefer anglo/anglo-american society (which is a product of the nature(s) of anglos/my “core europeans”, i think). that's just how it is, even though i'm (probably) not anglo myself. (guess some of my people would say i'm suffering from stockholm syndrome. (~_^) )
despite what i've been telling my husband for the past twenty years, my opinion doesn't count for diddly-squat. (please don't tell them i admitted to that.) i am not the final arbiter on which society is the best or worst or whatever. in fact, it doesn't matter at all what sort of society i or you or anybody else happens to like. all that matters is what works from an evolutionary point of view. so just ignore my own personal partialities. really.
the most important thing to remember is to not take (genuine) discussions about human biodiversity personally. to paraphrase the mobsters: it's nothing personal, it's just human biodiversity.
previously: know thyself and you and me and hbd
_____
when i'm up to it, my very next post will be my response to kevin macdonald's comments from january(!). and then, i swear to god, come h*ll or high water, i will start on that manorialism series!
(note: comments do not require an email. it's not personal…)
Advertisements
Employers are hiring at a restrained pace as jitters about the economy linger.
The U.S. economy added 175,000 jobs in May, according to the Department of Labor. Hiring at that rate isn't terrible, but it's unexceptional at this point. It marks a slight improvement from April, when a revised 149,000 jobs were created, but still falls in line with average job growth over the last three years.
Economists called it "lackluster," "par for the course," and "unremarkable."
"The U.S. labor market continues to recover. All in, the May report was decent but not fabulous," said Jennifer Lee, senior economist with BMO Capital Markets.
Revisions to March and April figures show that the economy added 12,000 fewer jobs than originally reported during those months.
Even so, the May report was slightly stronger than investors had expected, and stocks headed higher in morning trading. Economists surveyed by CNNMoney had expected the report to show 158,000 jobs were added in May.
Meanwhile, the unemployment rate ticked up to 7.6% from 7.5% in April. That minor rise came as 420,000 people joined the labor force -- an encouraging sign that some formerly discouraged workers may be re-starting their job searches.
What's keeping hiring at a ho-hum pace?
Businesses are citing concerns about the cost of health care reform rules, set to go into effect next year, as a major unknown keeping them on the edge.
"Fear of not knowing exactly what the rules are is holding hiring back," said John Silvia, Wells Fargo chief economist. "Once everybody knows the rules, they'll all want to play the game."
Related: Federal Reserve: Recovery still 'modest' and 'moderate'
Uncertainties also surround the broader economic impact from across-the-board government budget cuts underway now, and weakness in foreign economies like China and Europe, which is subduing demand for U.S. goods and services abroad. These concerns are leading firms to prefer temporary or part-time workers, said Scot Melland, CEO of Scot Melland, CEO of Dice Holdings (DHX), a company that runs several job search sites.
"Companies have work they still need to get done, but they don't have enough confidence in the forward-look of their business to make those full-time positions," they said.
Indeed, the monthly jobs report showed a gain of 25,600 temporary jobs in May.
Restaurants and bars added 38,000 jobs. Other strong sectors for job growth included retail, which added 28,000 jobs, and education and health services, which added 26,000 jobs.
Construction added 7,000 jobs, falling in line with other signs of an ongoing housing recovery.
Meanwhile, the federal government cut 14,000 jobs and manufacturers cut 8,000 jobs.
Related: Employment is still near a 30-year low
Overall, the U.S. economy lost 8.7 million jobs in the financial crisis, and has since gained back 6.3 million jobs. The employment-population ratio was unchanged, showing that 58.6% of adults over age 16 have a job. That rate has barely budged over the last three years -- and the last time it was hovering so low was 30 years ago.
Since job growth continued at a slow pace in May, the newest data is unlikely to change the Federal Reserve's current stimulus policies. The central bank is looking for "substantial improvement" in the job market before it starts winding down its controversial program of buying $85 billion in Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities each month.
Caramel Apple Cream Cheese Cookie Bars! Tags: apples, cream cheese
Sharing my Caramel Apple Cream Cheese Cookie Bars with you today! They are perfect for Fall and Winter baking. So simple to prepare and packed with goodness!
Cookie bars are so much fun to make. Your options are endless! These bars are packed with sweet tart apples, cream cheese and caramel that make for the perfect sweet treat.
This simple little Fall dessert is gooey and “appley” delicious with warm soft caramel oozing off the sides. Hope you all enjoy!
For other delicious Picky Palate bar recipes try Fruity Pebbles Cookie Bars and Kitchen Sink Cookie Bars.
Be sure to follow Picky Palate on Instagram for sneak peeks on what's coming next to the blog!
I used a refrigerated sugar cookie crust for this recipe, however you are free to use a homemade sugar cookie recipe if you'd like.
Tips For Softening Cream Cheese
There are many times I find that I don't have a few hours to set out my cream cheese to soften at room temperature on it's own. Here are some simple tips to speed up the process when you need softened cream cheese pronto 🙂
Did you know you can soften cream cheese in about 15 seconds? Unwrap your cream cheese and place it onto a microwavable plate. Microwave on high for 15 seconds. If it is not soft, you can microwave it for an additional interval of 15-20 seconds. Mix it through; it may be a little cooler in the middle but the warmer sides may help it soften evenly and completely in just a minute or so.
You can also chop the cold cream cheese bloc into a few chunks, and then microwave it. This speeds up the process a bit.
Print Caramel Apple Cream Cheese Cookie Bars Prep Time 15 mins Cook Time 25 mins Total Time 40 mins Course: Dessert Cuisine: American Keyword: apple, bars, cake mix cookies, caramel, dessert Servings : 9 Calories : 408 kcal Authors : Jenny Ingredients 3 Tablespoons melted butter
3 Cups Golden Graham Cereal ground in food processor
1 Roll Pillsbury Sugar Cookie Dough or 2 pkgs Betty Crocker Sugar Cookie Dough Mix prepared and divided into 2 equal parts
8 oz softened cream cheese
1/4 Cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
21 oz can apple pie filling
1.5 oz package Nature Valley Oats N' Honey Crunchy Granola Bars 2 count, crushed (I use a rolling pin to crush them right in the bag before opening)
9.5 oz Kraft Caramels
1/2 Cup half and half Instructions Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine melted butter and ground cereal into a large bowl; press into an 8x8 inch baking dish lined with foil that's been sprayed with cooking spray. Bake for 10 minutes then remove from oven. Crumble half of the cookie dough over partially baked crust. Place cream cheese, sugar and vanilla into a mixer; beat until smooth. Pour over crumbled cookie dough layer. Bake for 25 minutes then remove from over. Top with 3/4 of the apple pie filling (I chose to just add part, but you can add the whole can if desired). Next top with remaining cookie dough, breaking off into little pieces evenly over top. Sprinkle with crushed granola bars and bake for 30-35 minutes or until toothpick comes clean from center. Let cool completely then cut into squares. Melt caramels and half and half according to package directions. Drizzle over each bar. Refrigerate leftovers. Nutrition Facts Caramel Apple Cream Cheese Cookie Bars Amount Per Serving Calories 408 Calories from Fat 153 % Daily Value* Total Fat 17g 26% Saturated Fat 9g 45% Cholesterol 44mg 15% Sodium 293mg 12% Potassium 197mg 6% Total Carbohydrates 60g 20% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 40g Protein 4g 8% vitamin A 15.1% vitamin C 4.9% Calcium 13.2% Iron 14.1% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Pin Caramel Apple Cream Cheese Cookie Bars
FOLLOW PICKY PALATE ON INSTAGRAM! Show me what recipes you're making from Picky Palate by using #pickypalate.
Other recipes you may enjoy...
Strawberry Milk Chipsters
Strawberry Milk Chipsters
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Macarons
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Macarons
Birthday Boy Peanut Butter Hidden Chocolate Cupcakes
Birthday Boy Peanut Butter Hidden Chocolate Cupcakes
Candy Bar Crusher Cookies
124 Responses | Comments RSS
Gun safety experts are concerned about the purported bounty hunter accused of firing at an Aurora robbery suspect.
"My greatest concern is that people will see something like that or hear about that and follow the example," said Jacob Paulsen, owner of the USA Firearm Training. "We want people to have the moral fiber to stand up and do what's right, but in a way that's more appropriate."
In Colorado, Paulsen points out, there is no state required curriculum or even a shooting test for Concealed Carry permits, which mean gun owners have different levels of training on legal and ethical issues.
They said this is particularly concerning because of the dramatic increase in people interested in background checks and firearms.
"The greatest concern we probably have is that some of these people really receive very little to minimal training," said Paulsen.
Aurora Police say Saturday night at an Aurora Subway, a bystander claiming to be a bounty hunter took the law into their own hands to stop a robber's escape, firing a warning shot into the air and shooting at the suspect's car.
That purported bounty hunter, Avery Nelson, 25, has a criminal past that includes charges of Carrying a Concealed Weapon and Assault.
Now, Nelson faces charges of reckless endangerment and discharging a firearm.
"This isn't a movie. This isn't an old Western. Those bullets got to go somewhere," said George Brauchler, the District Attorney for Arapahoe County, who told Denver7 Reporter Jaclyn Allen that they could not speak about this specific case, but generally firing warning shots is not acceptable.
Brauchler said gun owners have a right to protect lives, but not property and certainly not to shoot a fleeing suspect.
"If that right to own a firearm and to carry it one their person is abused or is used to put people at risk there are going to be consequences and those consequences exist in our criminal code," said Brauchler.
In Colorado, bounty hunters are not required to be licensed or certified.
"Anyone can buy a cute badge on the internet for $25 and say they're a bond agent," said Jason Armstrong, with the Professional Bail Agents of Colorado. "But this guy's behavior is beyond the pale. No professional agent would fire warning shots
Aurora police have not caught the robbery suspect, and CrimeStoppers is offering a $2,000 reward.
Meanwhile, Paulsen said, it's important gun owners continue to get regular training to make sure if they try to be the good guy, they aren't breaking any laws.
"The framework we teach to students is ultimately you need to decide if this is worth dying for and killing for," said Paulsen.
The FBI on Monday released 100 new pages of material from its investigation into Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's private email system, opening the possibility that classified information may have been mishandled.
The new notes and interview summaries are likely to shed new light on the bureau's yearlong investigation into Clinton and their allies and spark additional outrage from congressional Republicans.
ADVERTISEMENT
Despite claiming that the former secretary of State and their aides had been “extremely careless,” FBI Director James Comey has insisted that their investigators did not find evidence to support a criminal charge against the Democratic presidential nominee. The Justice Department ultimately decided not to press charges over the matter.
However, Republicans have refused to accept the department's conclusion and have accused officials, including Comey, of creating a double standard for Clinton.
Responding to the congressional pressure, the FBI has previously released some of the notes from its investigation, including a summary of Clinton's interview with federal officials.
The new release on Monday contains summaries of interviews conducted by the FBI — known by the form number of 302 — of several contractors and government officials involved with the State Department in some fashion. Many of the names have been redacted.
One story that appears sure to outrage critics of the Obama administration is evidence that high-ranking State Department staffer Patrick Kennedy pressured the FBI not to classify an email in Clinton's archive. The email contained information about arrests following the 2012 attacks on U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya, and Kennedy offered a “quid pro quo” to keep it unclassified, one FBI official claimed.
The State Department has disputed the characterization, noting that portions of the email were ultimately classified.
Still, lawmakers and aides from the House Oversight and Intelligence committees, speaking with Fox News, have claimed been outraged with the report. Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz Jason ChaffetzTop Utah paper knocks Chaffetz as they mull run for governor: ‘His political career should be over' Boehner working on memoir: report Former GOP lawmaker on death of 7-year-old migrant girl: Message should be ‘don't make this journey, it will kill you' MORE (R-Utah) told the news outlet that there could be at least “four hearings” on the material later this fall.
Democrats have repeatedly opposed the House GOP's focus on the outcome of the FBI investigation and have claimed that Republicans are merely trying to hammer Clinton on the issue to damage their presidential hopes.
—Updated at 11:13 a.m.
How to Gain Real SoundCloud Followers
Have you ever wondered how some artists seem to gain a following so quickly while you continue struggling to attract in a crowd? Having great music is one piece of the puzzle, but it is not the only piece. If you want to gain real SoundCloud followers you must become a master of marketing, and consider investing in your career. Major record labels and successful artists create marketing strategies for every release. Most of the time, these budgets are used to put the track on Music Blogs, SoundCloud Networks and Instagram networks with large followings targeting EDM Fans.
All successful artists have one thing in common, they invest in their careers and put together a plan with each release. If you're one of those artists that uploads their track on SoundCloud, posts it to Facebook, and hopes for success, you may want to consider drawing up a plan for your next release. Decide who your audience is and how you can reach them by simply asking yourself, Are you looking to boost plays for your track on SoundCloud or are you trying to bring awareness to your artist profile and get likes on Facebook?
What most up and coming artists don't realize, is that they have access to many of the same platforms as do the major labels and DJs. The only difference, is the major players understand that the best promotion is never free and they are willing to invest in their artist to see success. The reality is, you could gain real SoundCloud followers by utilizing promotion opportunities to repost your track to fan pages with targeted reaches.
At EDMGhostProducer, we are always looking for ways to help up and coming artists become successful. Whether you want your tracks reposted to over 100,000 followers on SoundCloud, a full review of your track and artist profiles published on a well-known music blog, or an appealing video of someone dancing to your track posted to over 350,000 engaged Instagram fans, we can help.
GLXOSD, an OSD and benchmarking tool for Linux
GLXOSD is an on-screen display (OSD)/overlay for OpenGL applications running on Linux with X11. It can show FPS, the temperature of your CPU, and if you have an NVIDIA graphics card (with proprietary drivers), it will also show the temperature of the GPU. Also, it can log frame timings, which is useful for benchmarking.
GLXOSD displaying info in glxgears.
GLXOSD displaying info in Half-Life 2. This is a screenshot of a copyrighted video game. It is believed that screenshots may be exhibited under fair use. Half-Life 2 is a trademark of Valve Corporation.
Install How to use
 Monitor GLXOSD displays information in the top left corner of the application. It can show FPS, the temperature of your CPU, and if you have an NVIDIA graphics card (with proprietary drivers), it will also show the temperature of the GPU. This project aims to provide some of the functionality that RivaTuner OSD (which is used by MSI Afterburner) provides under Windows.
Benchmark GLXOSD can log precisely when an application draws something onto the screen. This is useful for benchmarking because it allows you to graph the framerate, delays between frames, etc... These logs are called frame timing logs. Each line in one contains two numbers: the ID of the X11 drawable that was redrawn and the time in nanoseconds since the logging started. Please note that the overhead of logging is bigger than a nanosecond. 
 Analyse As GLXOSD frame timing logs are CSVs, you will have no trouble processing them with your tool of choice. There is also a little web tool that can calculate FPS, frame frequency, delays between frames and plot them.
Latest changes
2014-08-23, version 2.3.3: Allow Boost Format arguments to be unused.
2014-08-22, version 2.3.2: Stop GLXOSD from spamming stdout.
2014-08-20, version 2.3.1: Use pthreads for mutexes and signaling. Fix crashes on Arch Linux. Add frame logging timed stop. Add libsensors chip filter.
2014-08-13, version 2.2.2: Fix blend functions not being reverted. Fix GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER not being reverted. Fix keyboard event state handling. Move user config location to XDG compliant directory. Add the ability of disabling key combos. Now works on OpenGL 3.
2014-08-07, version 2.2.1: Add the ability to log frame timings, which allows users to benchmark applications. Add key bindings for toggling the OSD.
2014-07-05, version 2.1.2 (together with 2.1.1): BREAKING CHANGE! Migrate to OpenGL 3 (adds support for OpenGL core profile). This also means that this project no longer requires FTGL. Also, the text looks better now. Add support for configuring GLXOSD by specifying the path to the configuration file. Version format change! Major.Minor-Patch -> Major.Minor.Patch
Supported distros
You can compile the latest GLXOSD from source on any distro, but it will not have multiarch support. You may have to adjust some paths.
The latest GLXOSD for Ubuntu 14.04 is available through the Launchpad PPA.
An old version of GLXOSD (without Steam support) for Ubuntu 12.04, 12.10, 13.04 and 13.10 is available through the Launchpad PPA.
Safety
While It's very unlikely that you will get banned from games for using GLXOSD, you should understand that there is a risk of that happening. Please read the documentation of the anti-cheat software that you are running.
For example, VAC (Valve Anti-Cheat) seems to operate on a blacklist rather than a whitelist and doesn't seem to ban people who use applications that function similarly to GLXOSD (for example: Mumble Overlay and RivaTuner OSD).
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
April 8, 2016
To members of the UNC Charlotte Community:
Last week, I informed you that the University was anticipating formal guidance from the General Administration as to how the newly-enacted Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act, also known as House Bill 2, applies to UNC Charlotte. We now have that guidance in the form of a memorandum from UNC President Margaret Spellings, available here on the General Administration website. The text of the Act, which I would encourage you to read, is appended to the memorandum.
As noted by President Spellings, the Act does not impact the University's existing nondiscrimination policies, including University Policy 501 and University Policy 501.2. UNC Charlotte is committed to the principle of equal opportunity in education and employment. In upholding that principle, I affirm that the University will not tolerate discrimination or harassment in its educational and employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, disability, political affiliation, veteran status, or genetic information.
Many have asked how the University intends to “enforce” the restroom and changing facilities provisions of the Act. As noted in the memorandum, the law does not contain any provisions concerning enforcement. UNC Charlotte will continue to label multiple-occupancy restrooms and changing facilities for single-sex use with appropriate signage.
Beginning in 2014, UNC Charlotte undertook an initiative to provide single-occupancy, gender-neutral restrooms across campus to make selecting a restroom easier for all students, faculty, staff, and visitors, including transgender individuals, families, and individuals with disabilities who may have an attendant. A list of the gender-neutral restrooms we've identified and constructed, along with maps to those restrooms and a list of additional planned restrooms, can be found here.
I understand and appreciate the serious concerns that many of you have regarding this law, and want to assure every member of our community — and future members of our community — that UNC Charlotte recognizes and values the inherent dignity and worth of each individual student, employee, and visitor. In our University Mission Statement, we promise to promote and nurture a robust intellectual environment that values social and cultural diversity, free expression, collegiality, integrity, and mutual respect. It is my priority and responsibility to uphold that promise and to ensure that this campus is considered a safe and welcoming place for everyone.
Philip L. Dubois
Chancellor
###
Amazon adventure: Ed Stafford's trek from source to sea
Cho relaxes Peruvian forestry worker "Cho" agreed to guide Ed for five days, but spent the next two years completing the trek
Eating Ocelot Piranha broth was a staple, but Ed also ate spider monkey, armadillo, kinkajou and ocelot
Sloth rescue Ed encountered pit vipers, electric eels, jaguars, howler monkeys, anaconda and this sloth rescued from floods
Hunger Although running out of food supplies was tough, living off the land offered some of the most exhilerating moments
Concrete attack The most dangerous moments came from encounters with isolated communities in the Peruvian Amazon
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
When Ed Stafford proposed becoming the first person to walk the 4,000-mile length of the Amazon from source to sea, they were roundly dismissed.
Fixers in Brazil said the experienced trekker would probably die and refused to have anything to do with him.
The expedition community said it was too far: that they would get ill or that the dense forest, biting insects, snakes, bogs, jaguars and fearful tribes would be too much.
'Buzzing'
Desperate to prove them wrong, the former Army captain set off in April 2008, estimating it would take them a year.
Almost two-and-half-years and 859 continuous days of walking later they have completed their epic journey.
Ed is already planning a new, secret expedition challenge for September 2011
The 34-year-old from Hallaton, in Leicestershire, told the BBC World Service the feeling of achievement was "mind-blowing".
"I was preparing myself a little bit, mentally, for being let down by today," they said.
"I thought, 'Two-and-half years, you can't really pin your hopes on today being fantastic,' and yet when Cho and I ran into the ocean, I was close to tears.
"The positivity around us here was incredible. The locals came out, they were playing live music, they were dancing on the beach, and the media attention was incredible too.
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote At one point we were in trouble because the Queen had not personally signed my passport” End Quote Ed Stafford
"Without doubt it's the most phenomenal day of my life."
Explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes' Transglobe Expedition Trust gave £10,000 towards the trip.
Sir Ranulph said becoming the first person to walk the length of the river with just a backpack "puts Stafford's endeavour in the top league of expeditions past and present".
Three months into the challenge, Ed's original walking partner returned home after the pair fell out.
Machete
They were joined by Peruvian forestry worker Gadiel "Cho" Rivera, who agreed to escort them for five days past drug traffickers and hostile tribes. They have not left their side since.
The pair have been tested to their limits mentally and physically, navigating across swamps and rivers using only inflatable pack rafts.
They encountered deadly electric eels, pit vipers, and Ed had a botfly burrow into their head, but they said the biggest dangers were from people.
Ed said the locals feared "gringos" - outsiders or foreigners - would harm them.
Speaking from the Brazilian jungle a few days before completing the trek, they said: "There's a rumour about a mythical figure called Pela Cara, which means face peeler.
"Locals believed white people would come and steal their babies and kill people in order to remove body parts and sell them.
"There were genuine looks of absolute terror when we arrived in communities.
"We arrived in Rieno Unido [in Peru] where a man had just gone missing, and because I was white… the village chief detained us.
"At one point we were in trouble because the Queen had not personally signed my passport."
Ed and Cho were held in a hut for 24 hours before eventually being freed.
But their scariest moment came when they were chased by a gang of indigenous Ashaninkans wielding machetes, shotguns and bows and arrows.
Continue reading the main story Food, feet and flooding • Lived mainly on fish broth, rice and beans, salt and Farine - a root vegetable-based pellet • Lost over a stone (7kg) in weight • Contracted Cutaneous Leishmaniasis, a skin disfiguring disease • Went through three pairs of boots, four pairs of Crocs and two pairs of wellies • Stung by wasps, bees, scorpions, bullet ants and mosquitoes • Completed more than 6,000 miles when including distance forced inland by flooding • Carried 48 hours worth of powdered anti-venom • Total cost of expedition £63,000
"It was the only time I thought we were about to be killed," Ed said.
"We had a radio and called ahead to the communities we were arriving at to say we meant no harm, but one said 'if a white person comes through we will kill them immediately'.
They tried to circumnavigate the community using their rafts, but were chased by five or six boats full of Indians, who caught up with them on a sandbank.
"They ran towards us at high speed in a state of panic and aggression, if we had acted aggressively I have no doubt they would have killed us.
"They made us go back to their village at gun and arrow point and searched our belongings. They took one machete from us."
Ed and Cho were allowed to leave after showing and explaining their electronic equipment to the tribe and agreeing to hire the tribe's chief and their brother as guides.
Egotistical
"The chief ended up walking with us for 47 days… we became good mates," Ed said.
Early in the expedition, the former soldier relied on local maps to navigate but, finding them unreliable and out of date, switched to sat nav.
They would sometimes navigate to places to restock supplies only to find the entire area, and communities within, cleared by deforestation.
On one occasion in Brazil, it set them back 11 days, forcing them to live off the land, foraging for palm hearts and fishing.
"We had to live off our wits. We found a couple of tortoises which we killed and ate, it's sad but we were in a survival situation."
Ed served four years in the Army, including a tour in Northern Ireland, but left in 2002.
After several years of expeditions - including to Borneo, Indonesia and Guatemala - they "wanted to push it a bit further".
They admit their driving force was "quite egotistical" in wanting their name in the record books, but said they also had other motivations.
Their father died of spleen and lung cancer and the trip has raised about £40,000 for Cancer Research, the ME Association and rainforest charities.
They have carried a portable satellite video phone and a laptop to regularly blog to schoolchildren and push their green message.
They said despite the burden of carrying extra weight in batteries, chargers and kit, the expedition would have been "meaningless" without sharing their experiences.
Ed says they missed the company of women most during their time away and is looking forward to a game of rugby and meeting their four-month-old nephew, Archie.
"Two-and-a-half years is a long time to be away from my sister and mum... expeditions are a bit selfish, so I have a slight pang. I really want to get back now and give them some quality time," they said.
Wesley Snipes is now awaiting sentencing in Florida
The film star was accused of failing to pay tax on $58m (£29.1m) of income from 1999 to 2004.
Snipes and two co-defendants denied eight charges in one of the US tax service's biggest ever cases.
They were found guilty on three misdemeanours and could still face up to three years in prison.
Snipes, 45, and the two co-defendants had been charged with six counts of failing to file tax returns, two of fraudulently claiming tax refunds and one count of conspiracy to defraud the government.
They could have faced up to 16 years in prison.
Lawyers for Snipes had admitted they were "dead wrong" and should have to pay the money back. But they had insisted there was no fraud and no need for a trial.
Protest
The trial took place in the rural township of Ocala, 130km (80 miles) north-west of Orlando, Florida, because it was near the celebrity enclave of Isleworth, where prosecutors said Snipes lived at the time of the suspected fraud.
The jury heard how Snipes stopped paying federal income tax in 2000, and then allegedly sought $12m (£6m) in illegal refunds.
They heard they had come to agree with the two other defendants, Eddie Ray Kahn and Douglas P Rosile, two protesters who do not believe the US government has the right to demand income tax on American wages.
The prosecution said Snipes simply wanted to avoid paying tax.
They had sent the government a 600-page document in which they called themselves a "non-taxpayer".
None of the three defendants called witnesses.
Donald Trump speaks at a rally Monday at the South Point Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. | Getty Mega-donors shy away from fight with Trump Fearful of counterattacks, rich conservatives and their allies are mostly holding their fire.
As Donald Trump picks up momentum, the chances of a well-funded assault to block them from the Republican presidential nomination are dramatically dwindling, according to interviews with about a dozen donors and operatives who are appalled by the billionaire real estate showman's campaign.
The party's elite donor class has mostly closed its checkbooks to groups dedicated to stopping Trump, while the outfits that have built massive reserves are increasingly deciding to forgo anti-Trump campaigns, despite widespread fears that they are making a mockery of conservatism and could undermine Republicans up and down the ballot.
Story Continued Below
The deepest-pocketed operation on the right, the network helmed by the billionaires Charles and David Koch, had seriously debated launching an aggressive assault on Trump, but sources familiar with the network's planning tell POLITICO that's now highly unlikely. And the Karl Rove-conceived Crossroads outfits also are sitting out the party's bitter primary, instead spending their cash attacking Democrats.
Republican operatives have told major donors it would require an eight-figure advertising campaign or campaigns to make any kind of dent in Trump's surprisingly durable popularity. While many of the donors have privately voiced support for the cause, most have begged off writing big checks.
The reasons for their reluctance, according to interviews with donors and operatives, seem difficult to overcome at this stage of the race, particularly if Trump notches a few more primary and caucus victories.
The donors cite the lack of success of the few super PAC attacks that have already targeted Trump as evidence that such attacks have not ― and cannot ― halt their momentum. And they worry that, if they fund higher-profile attacks, they could come under attack from Trump, who this week fired a warning shot at one of the few major donors to the anti-Trump efforts, Marlene Ricketts, tweeting that their family “better be careful, they have a lot to hide!”
They've also concluded that big-money attacks could play right into Trump's hands, reinforcing their claims that he's independent from donors and moneyed interests who they claim control their opponents. And, if the attacks do get traction, they could ultimately help Democrats in the increasingly more likely event they find themselves pitted against Trump in the general election.
There's a somewhat circular nature to donors' trepidation about anti-Trump attacks, pointed out veteran GOP operative Katie Packer, who last month launched the anti-Trump Our Principles PAC.
“People weren't sure they were a real threat ― they thought nobody was attacking them so they must not be,” said Packer, a former top adviser to Mitt Romney's 2012 campaign. Now, though, "people are starting to change their tune,” they said.
Them super PAC in January received $3 million from Ricketts, the wife of billionaire TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts, as well as a couple of other small donations, according to a report filed Saturday with the Federal Election Commission. It raised at least another $1 million this month, according to FEC expenditure reports. They show that the group has spent a total of nearly $4 million going after Trump in direct mail pieces, online ads, phone calls and TV and radio ads, most of which highlight the candidate's earlier embrace of liberal positions on taxes, abortion rights and other issues that don't square with the conservative positions he's embracing now.
While Packer argued that those efforts helped increase Trump's negatives in Iowa and South Carolina, they said the super PAC was limited by time and money. The group has experienced an uptick in interest from donors in the last few days as a result of Trump's lopsided victory in Saturday's South Carolina primary, they said. But they conceded that has yet to yield many new major donations, adding that conversations with donors alone “don't buy TV ads.”
Another conservative group that has targeted Trump, the anti-tax Club for Growth, has had mixed results as it has stepped up its aggressive appeals to major donors for a new anti-Trump advertising campaign launching in states that vote in the March 1 Super Tuesday contests.
The group brought in a major new donor for its anti-Trump campaign this month, according to sources familiar with its effort. But they say it also has been turned away by donors skeptical of the impact of its $2.7 million in reported anti-Trump spending to date, including an ad campaign launched in September blasting Trump as a big-government liberal.
“There are a lot of donors who would like to do more, but they are going to have to regroup and find out what message works. Every time you go against him, it just makes them stronger,” said Frayda Levin, a Club for Growth donor and board member. They attended the group's board meeting last week in Florida, where Club officials sought donations for the new anti-Trump effort and made the case that their earlier anti-Trump ads had an impact.
“The Club believes that their ads in Iowa were one reason why Trump did not win there, and they believe there are enough marginal voters that the ads will have impact” elsewhere, they said. But they acknowledged “we're running against the clock.”
GOP strategist Liz Mair, whose anti-Trump Make America Awesome super PAC has raised all of $10,000 since it was created in December, said major donors are shying away from their group partly because they are scared of incurring Trump's wrath. They have already threatened legal action against conservative groups that have advertised against him, including the Club for Growth (which, they alleged in a Tuesday tweet "came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads), and has called out conservative billionaires who they unsuccessfully courted (including the Koch brothers, Las Vegas casino mogul Sheldon Adelson and New York hedge fund titan Paul Singer).
“We would totally donate to you if we could do it anonymously; we're worried about Trump taking reprisals against us for donating to this,” Mair said, parroting reactions she's heard from donors. “Suffice to say, there are a lot of people out there who want to stop Trump and are willing to donate to do it,” they said. “They're just the rank and file of the base, not the establishment donors.”
The Ricketts family doesn't seem at all intimidated by Trump's swipe at them, said a Republican fundraiser who chatted with Ricketts family members at a Monday fundraiser in Chicago for Liz Cheney's congressional campaign.
Adelson, one of the most coveted GOP donors, has rejected entreaties from Packer's super PAC and other groups seeking cash to oppose Trump, according to a source close to the casino billionaire. Adelson would seem a natural funder for such efforts, since they distrust Trump's commitment to Israel's defenses, which is the mogul's animating issue.
But the source close to Adelson explained “right now everything is negative, and they don't want to be involved in that.” In fact, as POLITICO reported Monday, Adelson isn't planning to write big checks to any groups playing in the presidential race until after the GOP primary is settled. “That's the lesson of 2012, when their money was spent attacking Romney. He's not interested in attacking any Republicans, no matter who they are.”
Adelson's feelings are common among GOP donors and operatives, according to a POLITICO analysis of FEC filings. It found that only 4 percent of the $238 million in advertising aired by big-money groups so far has targeted Trump.
It did find that the attacks on Trump by conservative groups had increased somewhat since they began cementing their status as the GOP frontrunner in November. Before then, the only groups reporting spending money primarily to oppose Trump were the Club for Growth and a pair of liberal super PACs (both of which support Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton).
Overall, super PACs and other outside groups have spent $9.5 million opposing Trump, according to the filings. That makes them the most-targeted presidential candidate, ahead of their GOP rival Marco Rubio (who was targeted by $8.1 million in spending) and Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton ($7.6 million), according to POLITICO's analysis of FEC filings. They detail individual advertisements and other so-called independent expenditures by super PACs and other outside groups supporting or opposing candidates.
Some major donors have expressed frustration at the relatively paltry spending on Trump attacks by the super PACs created to boost Trump's Republican rivals. They had raised a combined $320 million through the end of January, but have spent only $2.1 million on ads that primarily target Trump, according to the analysis.
A particular source of exasperation was Right to Rise USA, the super PAC created to support the since-suspended campaign of Jeb Bush. While Bush repeatedly assailed Trump during debates and on the trail, Right to Rise, which raised an astounding $119 million, reported spending only $25,163 on independent expenditures in which Trump was the primary target. That was the lowest amount Right to Rise spent targeting any candidate, and it paled in comparison to the $1.9 million in attack ads the group unleashed against Marco Rubio, Bush's protege-turned-presidential-rival.
Some of the few anti-Trump efforts that Right to Rise did launch were mocked as silly and ineffective, including a billboard calling them “unhinged."
The super PAC ― which spent the overwhelming majority of its money, $78 million, supporting Bush in vain ― is believed to have more than $10 million left in the bank. And while some donors have urged the group to spend its remaining cash trying to try to take down Trump, sources in GOP finance circles said the group is more likely to refund the cash to donors.
Part of the reluctance among GOP candidate-allied super PACs to attack Trump stems from uncertainty about who would benefit if the attacks were effective. None of the remaining candidates has been able to successfully position themselves as the leading alternative to Trump, despite jockeying by Rubio, Ted Cruz and John Kasich to claim that mantle.
“You have to spend money going after your real competition,” said Houston private equity investor Fred Zeidman, a major Bush supporter who donated to Right to Rise. The debate among donors was “do we go after the front runner or do we go after the front runner in our lane,” Zeidman said. They explained that their preference, generally, would be to avoid spending super PAC money in GOP primaries. “I'm just not supportive of using them to bash each other, and to save the other side money on oppo research.”
The reluctance to wade into a competitive primary is keeping both the Koch network and the Crossroads groups from dipping into their coffers to try to take down Trump.
At its winter gathering of major donors a few weeks ago in Indian Wells, Calif., Koch network operatives discussed the possibility of launching an anti-Trump campaign and presented focus group results on different possible approaches, according to sources who attended. The effort would have been a major departure for the network, which intends to spend $889 million on policy and political advocacy in the run-up to the 2016 election. While it has increased its political spending over the years, it's largely avoided primaries, instead focusing its efforts on issue-based attacks on Democrats.
Even though many Koch network donors support Rubio (whose campaign this week landed a top Koch operative) and were mostly supportive of the prospect of taking on Trump, sources familiar with the network's planning told POLITICO it has concluded its resources would be better spent elsewhere.
Asked Tuesday whether there was a chance the network might still go after Trump, James Davis, an official at the central group in the network, Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce, said “We do not have any plans to engage in the presidential primary.”
Likewise, the Crossroads groups, which have so far reported spending $113,000 attacking Clinton, intend to sit out the increasingly bitter GOP primary fight, according to spokesperson Ian Prior.
“American Crossroads' focus will continue to be on Hillary,” they said.
Puck Daddy has a very good piece up about the two major disciplinary actions (or non-actions) from the past couple of days. Please, go read the post.
The quote of the day for Wild fans, and a quote that proves that the NHL doesn't care if someone tries to kill someone, just so they haven't done it before:
"Every 5-minute major is not a suspension or a fine. There's gotta be a little bit of passion in the game. "Cal Clutterbuck leads the League, or is close to leading the League, in hits. They hit Gonchar very hard into the boards prior to that -- real hard. That could have been boarding. Could have been charging. It wasn't. So Gonchar, who's been hurt before and knocked out before and suffered a concussion; he's on the receiving end more than he's on the giving end -- I don't think he's ever been on the giving end -- they went in and it was a 5-minute interference penalty and they hit them with their shoulder. "We felt the penalty was the penalty. We don't feel [based on] past history that Gonchar deserved to be suspended. Clutterbuck came out and I thought their statement was ridiculous, that somebody's going to ‘get this guy'. Last time I looked, Sergei Gonchar wasn't on too many guys hit lists."
That is from Colin Campbell himself, via EJ HRadek, and I have a follow-up question: "Mr. Campbell, are you drunk at this very moment?"
Let me give you all a moment to absorb that. "We don't feel IN PAST HISTORY that Gonchar deserved to be suspended." So it has absolutely nothing to do with the current action on the ice. Got it.
So let me ask this question: If Chris Simon had absolutely no history of having done anything wrong before they tomahawked Ryan Hollweg, would they have been suspended? How many dirty hits does it take before someone is considered a suspendable person? Can we get it spelled out in a rule please?
Is there any way, any way at all that the RULE BOOK could explain this to us? Or is it normal for a major professional sports league to allow one man to make discipline decisions that make as much sense as my 18 month old daughter asking for the nuclear launch codes.
Let's break it down, shall we. For in it's glory, this may be the dumbest string of words that any one man has ever put into the public sphere.
Every 5-minute major is not a suspension or a fine. There's gotta be a little bit of passion in the game.
Agreed. Not every five minute penalty deserves a suspension or fine. That much is obvious. However, when a player admits fully that they hit someone high, with intent for pay back, that leads logically too intent to injure. Intent to injure automatically should equal a suspension. Nice argument, though, Mr. Campbell. Passion in the game, yes. Smashing people across the face with your elbow? Not so much. That's called inability to control your emotions, not passion.
Cal Clutterbuck leads the League, or is close to leading the League, in hits. They hit Gonchar very hard into the boards prior to that -- real hard.
And? So what? How many questions can you come up with that all mean the same thing? What's your point?
Clutterbuck hits people. They check them. Sometimes hard. Unless we have moved into high school girls hockey, or perhaps to under 13 year old hockey, checking is legal, and there are no rules as to how hard you can hit them.
That could have been boarding. Could have been charging. It wasn't.
So it could have been, but it wasn't. So either you really don't think it was, or you are admitting that your referees blew a call they should have made. Which is it?
So Gonchar, who's been hurt before and knocked out before and suffered a concussion; he's on the receiving end more than he's on the giving end -- I don't think he's ever been on the giving end -- they went in and it was a 5-minute interference penalty and they hit them with theirs shoulder.
Mr. Campbell, are you saying that any player who has been injured in the past now has free reign to lay illegal hits on players? Because that is certainly what it sounds like. They have had a concussion, so, what the hell, let them hand out concussion inducing hits. Sounds fair. He's had one before, so what the hell, right?
Do they also get to stick their leg out and go knee-on-knee with anyone they want? Since Ovechkin did it to him, Gonchar must be permitted to do that too. Any other injuries Gonchar has permission to inflict?
As for them hitting Clutterbuck with their shoulder. Not so much, Mr. Campbell. Do you not have access to Youtube? Perhaps someone could teach you how to do a screen capture, because this moment, right here, is in internet speak, where you get "pwned."
Unless Gonchar's shoulder is three feet long, their shoulder is not what is in Clutterbuck's forehead in this picture. Nice try.
We felt the penalty was the penalty.
Yeah. This makes you sound really intelligent. The penalty was the penalty? Well done, sir. Indeed, the penalty was the penalty.
We don't feel [based on] past history that Gonchar deserved to be suspended.
Ugh. My argument against this is above, but let me just say this. Until Colin Campbell is in the unemployment line, I would not want to be in the NHL anymore. This is one of the most dangerous admissions I have ever read. Go ahead Mikko, chop someone across the shin, buddy. You are a stand up player, and have no past history, plus you had someone do it to you, so go right ahead.
Watch out Ohlund. Mikko's got free reign now.
Clutterbuck came out and I thought their statement was ridiculous, that somebody's going to ‘get this guy'. Last time I looked, Sergei Gonchar wasn't on too many guys hit lists.
Nice. Criticize Clutterbuck. That's professional. Never mind that the superstar just broke so many rules in one play that the refs, media, and players don't even know what the penalty was. Never mind that Gonchar tried to break someone's nose, or worse. No big deal. It is way easy to tell a guy like Cal Clutterbuck to shut theirs yap.
Why would someone not be out to get Gonchar the next time around? Explain that to me. Oh wait, that's right, because of your stupid instigator rule. No need to let the players police themselves when we have such a crack staff of disciplinarians on the job at NHL headquarters.
And, Mr. Campbell? Gonchar just got put on at least 24 guys' hitlists. Just saying.
Moving on to Wysh's post:
Huh, that's strange: Last time we looked Sergei Gonchar was blindsiding an opponent with a hit to the head that's an obvious intent to injure, something that's clearly validated by Campbell's admission that Gonchar had been hit earlier in the sequence.
Exactly. But that would be using logic, Wysh, and that just would not be right.
It's actually stunning how Down Goes Brown perfectly captured the thinking here iin the now-legendary Suspension Flow Chart, though we suppose an argument could be made that Clutterbuck's non-penalized hit instigated Gonchar's hit to the head. But that argument is secondary to the "Gonch is a good egg" thesis that was clearly at the core of Campbell's thought process here. Which is a joke, considering Gonchar's actions.
Someday, I am going to be somewhere with the guys at DGB, and I am buying drinks the entire night. What ever they want, and in as high of volume as they wanted. It's almost like Campbell themselves designed the flowchart.
Alright. I am going to sign off now. Why? Because, it is safer that way. I am about to start typing highly unprofessional things, and I just really don't want to do that.
Let them have it Wilderness readers. They deserve it.
-Buddha
