April 10, 2008
"All of the Palestinians must be killed; men, women, infants, and even their beasts." This was the religious opinion issued one week ago by Rabbi Yisrael Rosen, director of the Tsomet Institute, a long-established religious institute attended by students and soldiers in the Israeli settlements of the West Bank. In an article published by numerous religious Israeli newspapers two weeks ago and run by the liberal Haaretz on 26 March, Rosen asserted that there is evidence in the Torah to justify this stand. Rosen, an authority able to issue religious opinions for Jews, wrote that Palestinians are like the nation of Amalekites that attacked the Israelite tribes on their way to Jerusalem after they had fled from Egypt under the leadership of Moses. They wrote that the Lord sent down in the Torah a ruling that allowed the Jews to kill the Amalekites, and that this ruling is known in Jewish jurisprudence.
Rosen's article, which created a lot of noise in Israel, included the text of the ruling in the Torah: "Annihilate the Amalekites from the beginning to the end. Kill them and wrest them from their possessions. Show them no mercy. Kill continuously, one after the other. Leave no child, plant, or tree. Kill their beasts, from camels to donkeys." Rosen adds that the Amalekites are not a particular race or religion, but rather all those who hate the Jews for religious or national motives. Rosen goes as far as saying that the "Amalekites will remain as long as there are Jews. In every age Amalekites will surface from other races to attack the Jews, and thus the war against them must be global." They urge application of the "Amalekites ruling" and says that the Jews must undertake to implement it in all eras because it is a "divine commandment".
Rosen does not hesitate to define the "Amalekites of this age" as the Palestinians. They write, "those who kill students as they recite the Torah, and fire missiles on the city of Siderot, spread terror in the hearts of men and women. Those who dance over blood are the Amalekites, and we must respond with counter-hatred. We must uproot any trace of humanitarianism in dealing with them so that we emerge victorious."
The true outrage is that most of those authorised to issue Jewish religious opinions support the view of Rabbi Rosen, as confirmed by Haaretz newspaper. At the head of those supporting their opinion is Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu, the leading religious authority in Israel's religious national current, and former chief Eastern rabbi for Israel. Rosen's opinion also has the support of Rabbi Dov Lior, president of the Council of Rabbis of Judea and Samaria (the West Bank), and Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, the chief rabbi of Safed and a candidate for the post of chief rabbi of Israel. A number of political leaders in Israel have also shown enthusiasm for the opinion, including Ori Lubiansky, head of the Jerusalem municipality.
There is no dispute among observers in Israel that the shooting in Jerusalem three weeks ago that killed eight Jewish students in a religious school was pivotal for Jewish authorities issuing religious opinions of a racist, hateful nature. The day following the Jerusalem incident, a number of rabbis led by Daniel Satobsky issued a religious opinion calling on Jewish youth and "all those who believe in the Torah" to take revenge on the Palestinians as hastily as possible. A week following the operation, a group of leading rabbis issued an unprecedented religious opinion permitting the Israeli army to bomb Palestinian civilian areas. The opinion is issued by the "Association of Rabbis of the Land of Israel" and states that Jewish religious law permits the bombing of Palestinian civilian residential areas if they are a source of attacks on Jewish residential areas. It reads, "when the residents of cities bordering settlements and Jewish centres fire shells at Jewish settlements with the aim of death and destruction, the Torah permits for shells to be fired on the sources of firing even if civilian residents are present there."
The opinion adds that sometimes it is necessary to respond with shelling to sources of fire immediately, without granting the Palestinian public prior warning. A week ago, Rabbi Eliyahu Kinvinsky, the second most senior authority in the Orthodox religious current, issued a religious opinion prohibiting the employment of Arabs, particularly in religious schools. This religious opinion followed another that had been issued by Rabbi Lior prohibiting the employment of Arabs and the renting of residential apartments to them in Jewish neighbourhoods. In order to provide a climate that allows Jewish extremist organisations to continue attacking Palestinian citizens, Rabbi Israel Ariel, one of the most prominent rabbis in the West Bank settlement complex, recently issued a religious opinion prohibiting religious Jews involved in attacks against Palestinians to appear before Israeli civil courts. According to this opinion, they must instead demand to appear before Torah courts that rule by Jewish religious law.
Haaretz newspaper noted that what Rabbi Ariel was trying to achieve through this religious opinion has in fact already taken place. The first instance of such a court in Kfar Saba ordered the release of a young Jewish woman called Tsevia Teshrael who attacked a Palestinian farmer in the middle of the West Bank. And there are Jewish religious authorities that glorify killing and praise terrorists, such as Rabbi Yitzhaq Ginsburg, a top rabbi in Israel who published a book entitled Baruch the Hero in memoriam of Baruch Goldstein, who committed the Ibrahimi Mosque massacre in 1994 when they opened fire and killed 29 Palestinians as they were performing the dawn prayer in Hebron in the southern West Bank. Ginsburg considers their act "honourable and glorious".
The danger of these religious opinions lies in the fact that the religious authorities issuing them have wide respect among religious Jewish youth. And while only 28 per cent of Israel's population is religious, more than 50 per cent of Israelis define themselves as conservative and grant major significance to opinions issued by Jewish religious authorities. According to a study conducted by the Social Sciences Department of Bar Elon University, more than 90 per cent of those who identify as religious believe that if state laws and government orders are incongruous with the content of religious opinions issued by rabbis, they must overlook the former and act in accordance with the latter.
What grants the racist religious opinions a deeper and far-reaching impact is the fact that for the last decade followers of the Zionist religious current, who form nearly 10 per cent of the population, have been seeking to take control of the army and security institutions. They are doing so through volunteering for service in special combat units. The spokesperson's office in the Israeli army says that although the percentage of followers of this current is low in the state's demographic makeup, they form more than 50 per cent of the officers in the Israeli army and more than 60 per cent of its special unit commanders. According to an opinion poll of religious officers and soldiers supervised by the Interdisciplinary Centre Herzliya and published last year, more than 95 per cent of religious soldiers and officers say that they will execute orders from the elected government and their leaders in the army only if they are in harmony with the religious opinions issued by leading rabbis and religious authorities.
Wasil Taha, Arab Knesset member from the Tajammu Party led by Azmi Bishara, says that these religious opinions lead to the committal of crimes. They mention religious opinions issued by a number of rabbis in mid-1995 that led to the assassination of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin at that time. "If that's what happens when religious opinions urge attacks against Jewish leaders such as Rabin, what will the situation be like when they urge attacks against Palestinian leaders and the Palestinian public?" they ask. "We, as Arab leaders, have begun to feel a lack of security following this flood of religious opinions, and we realise that the matter requires a great deal of caution in our movements as we are certain that there are those who seek to implement these opinions," they told Al-Ahram Weekly.
Taha dismisses those who ask about the role of the government and Israeli political cadre in confronting these extremist religious opinions. "The ministers in the Israeli government and the Knesset members compete to incite against the Palestinian public and don't hesitate to threaten expulsion of the Palestinians who live on their land in Israel and carry Israeli citizenship outside of Israel's borders, just as former deputy premier Avigdor Lieberman and representative Evi Etam did," Taha said. They note that Palestinian citizens within Israel have begun to take extreme precautionary measures since the issue of these religious opinions, including security measures around mosques and public institutions and informing officials of public demonstrations so that members of Jewish terrorist organisations can be prevented from attacking participants. Taha holds that the sectors of the Palestinian population most likely to be harmed by these religious opinions are those living in the various cities populated by both Jews and Palestinians, such as Haifa, Jaffa, Lod, Ramleh and Jerusalem.
Palestinian writer and researcher Abdul-Hakim Mufid, from the city Um Fahem, holds that the religious opinions of rabbis have gained major significance due to the harmony between official rhetoric and that of the rabbis. Mufid notes that official Israeli establishments have not tried to confront the "fascist" rhetoric expressed in these religious opinions even though they are capable of doing so. "Most of the rabbis who issue tyrannical religious opinions are official employees in state institutions and receive salaries from them. And the state has not held these rabbis accountable or sought to prohibit the issue of such opinions," they told the Weekly.
Mufid points out that when the official political institution is in a crisis, the Zionist consensus behind these religious opinions grows more intense, and offers as an example the religious opinions relied upon by Rabbi Meir Kahane in the early 1980s to justify their call to forcefully expel the Palestinians. Mufid adds that Israel in practice encourages all those who kill Palestinians, and points to the way that the Israeli government dealt with the recommendations of the Orr Commission that investigated the Israeli police's killing of 13 Palestinians with Israeli citizenship in October of 2000. The government closed the file even though the commission confirmed that the police had acted aggressively towards the Palestinian citizens. Mufid suggests that what makes the racist rhetoric the rabbis insist upon influential is the silence of leftist and liberal voices, and the lack of any direct mobilisation against it.
© Copyright Al-Ahram Weekly
Concerns about insurance coverage for UberX drivers are generating controversy in Toronto's taxi industry.
While UberX does not require its drivers purchase commercial insurance, the company does ensure they have liability insurance.
“Every ride on the UberX platform in Canada is insured by $5 million in contingent auto liability insurance covering bodily injury and property damage,” said Uber Canada spokesperson Susie Heath in an e-mailed statement.
UberX is a freelance cab company which operates without the stringent regulations imposed on cab firms. UberX is separate from its parent company, Uber — which operates in a similar manner to a cab firm.
Joel Barr, a cab driver with the Toronto Taxi Alliance, complained UberX can offer passangers low prices because drivers don't pay for the commercial insurance that is mandatory for cabbies.
They're using private insurance for actions that are commercial in nature, Barr claimed.
The price difference between private and commercial insurance is thousands of dollars annually, they said.
Barr wants to see a more level playing field between traditional taxi and UberX drivers.
“We welcome competition, but go by the same rules we've been regulated by for years,” said Barr.
“You can't have us going by one set of rules and another company from the United States, taking all the profits back to the U.S., playing by another set of rules,” said Barr. “It's a shame.”
Insurance broker Philomena Comerford, CEO of Baird-MacGregor insurance company, said carrying paying passengers is a commercial — not a personal — activity.
“There are certain activities that are excluded in the standard Ontario automobile policy and one of (them) is carrying paying passengers,” they said. “The cure for that is to put an endorsement on the policy that permits that,”
Comerford said while cabbies have to obtain commercial insurance, Uber does not impose the same requirement on its freelance drivers.
“It could end up being really ugly,” they said, referring to potential lawsuits arising from accidents.
“Most (UberX drivers) probably don't understand the limitations of their policies, which is unfortunate,” they added.
A driver with a Canadian Automobile Association personal auto insurance policy is not covered to transport passengers for payment, added CAA spokesperson Silvana Aceto.
“The standard auto policy, used by all insurers, excludes coverage for vehicles transporting passengers for compensation,” they said.
You may not be interested in politics and finance, but let us assure you: it matters. Perhaps what matters more than conventional rhetoric on how the ‘system' runs, however, is the truth explained above and summarized below.
The video above is from a European Parliament meeting in 2013, in which a courageous MEP explained to the whole room why everything they know about the whole banking system is a scam.
You don't need us to tell you that this guy deserves a round of applause for their honesty. Such is rare in politics. In addition, the importance of what they shared cannot be overstated.
Whether you're aware of it or not, money is an arbitrary invention to profit from debt. Banks and governments encourage individuals and countries to be in debt because the greater the debt, the more money they pocket. However, they don't make money from the interest, but from something called the Fractional Reserve Banking system.
This scam creates money out of thin air and brings in a profit of hundreds or even thousands of percent on all debts. This ‘undeclared' money makes a few people very rich.
The Real Secret explains that once you – or a country – enters into debt, you are a slave to be exploited and raped by the system. This is why millions are spent tricking individuals and countries to spend more – regardless of the consequences.
Sometimes it seems easier to feign ignorance and continue buying your $7 mocha lattes on credit, drive a car you don't really own, and pay for school you're not sure will ever result in a job… But it's not.
What's more difficult than waking up is living blind, as a slave. It is important to realize that every choice you make affects the whole of humanity.
In this moment, you have a choice to make; the repercussions will not only affect you but future generations. Think about it.
Please share this news and comment your thoughts below!
This article ([Watch] Rare Moment Of Truth In Which MEP Explains Why The Whole Banking System Is A Scam) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
Attorney General Ken Paxton back in court over fraud charges
Associated Press - McKINNEY, Texas (AP) - Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton returned to court Tuesday on securities fraud charges that have troubled their first year in office and will likely drag well into 2016 unless a judge now sides with their long list of reasons to throw out the case.
Paxton, a conservative Republican who was indicted in July, entered the suburban Dallas courthouse flanked by their wife and greeted by more than a dozen supporters, one of whom clutched a Bible in the gallery. They huddled in the hallway to pray for the tea party favorite during the first significant hearing since Paxton was booked and quickly released this summer.
The state's top prosecutor has pleaded not guilty to charges of deceiving wealthy investors in 2011, when they were still a state legislator. Paxton sat quietly at the defense table while their platoon of high-powered attorneys tried persuading a judge to dismiss the charges, accusing secret grand jury proceedings of being compromised and questioning whether special prosecutors understood complex securities law.
State District Judge George Gallagher did not indicate when they would rule.
"One law for him, one law for everybody else. That's their argument," special prosecutor Ken Schaffer said.
One Paxton supporter in the gallery clapped when Schaffer alluded to Paxton filing six lawsuits against the Obama administration since taking office in January.
Paxton, 52, has sustained support within their conservative base despite the criminal charges. Other top Texas Republican leaders - including Gov. Greg Abbott, Paxton's predecessor as attorney general - have not publicly criticized Paxton and have urged the legal system to play out.
"I have confidence in this process, the people of this county and the truth," Paxton told reporters before leaving the courthouse in their hometown of McKinney.
Most serious are accusations that Paxton encouraged investors, including a fellow Texas lawmaker, to pump money into the tech startup Servergy Inc. without telling them that they were being compensated by the company. If convicted, they face five to 99 years in prison.
Schaffer, usually a Houston defense attorney whose high-profile clients have included actor Farrah Fawcett and former Texas tycoon Allen Stanford, cast a long stare at Paxton and pointed their finger while chastising them for allegedly violating the very securities law that the former state representative voted to amend. Paxton kept looking straight ahead.
Taken up by the Texas Legislature in the wake of the Enron scandal, the law made it a felony to act as an investment adviser representative without registering with state regulators. Last year, in the middle of an intense Republican primary race, Paxton admitted to violating the law and paid a $1,000 fine.
One securities lawyer told the Texas Lawbook, an industry publication, in August that the admission made it a "slam dunk case" for prosecutors. The attorney was Bill Mateja - whom Paxton has since hired.
Mateja told the court they didn't know then what they know now, which is that Paxton would not have needed to register because they were covered under federal securities law. Special prosecutors pushed back but said that, regardless, a jury should decide at trial and not a judge beforehand.
But Paxton's attorneys say the indictments were tainted from the start. They accused a judge of improperly picking the grand jury by asking for volunteers - during a time when the investigation into Paxton was getting intense publicity - and potentially interfering with deliberations.
"Unless this grand jury was living in a cave in Bora Bora, they must have had some idea what they were sitting on," Paxton attorney Dan Cogdell said.
Special prosecutors asked the judge to reject Paxton's request for transcripts and recordings from the grand jury proceedings.
Last week, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints made national and international news by releasing photographs of a seer stone used by Joseph Smith during the coming forth of the Book of Mormon.
For some contemporary Latter-day Saints and for some outside critics of the church, the fact that Joseph Smith used a seer stone is controversial. Ironically, some of Joseph Smith's earliest followers objected when they stopped using a seer stone.
Smith used several seer stones during their work on the Book of Mormon, and apparently also for some of their earliest revelations (between 1828 and 1833, Smith dictated scores of divine messages, most in the voice of Jesus Christ). See this summary, recently released by the LDS Church.
At a certain point, though, perhaps shortly after the Book of Mormon translation was complete in June 1829, Smith stopped using a stone as a conduit for their revelations. David Whitmer, who alongside their father and brothers was one of Smith's earliest supporters, later concluded that once Smith set aside their seer stone, their subsequent revelations were “of the Devil.”[1]
In September 1830, church member Hiram Page (husband of David Whitmer's sister) challenged Smith's authority with a “roll of papers,” revelations they had received through a seer stone. Page's claims raised the specter of prophetic chaos. What was the relationship between magical objects and prophetic authority? Did Smith need them? Did others with such artifacts receive valid revelations? Apparently Oliver Cowdery (Smith's principal Book of Mormon scribe) and the Whitmers were pondering the validity of Page's “papers.”
In response to the challenge, Smith dictated a revelation that clarified that “no one shall be appointed to Receive commandments & Revelations in this Church excepting my Servent Joseph.” Oliver Cowdery, Smith's principal Book of Mormon scribe, had previously sought the ability to translate like Smith. This revelation added that Cowdery would serve as Aaron to God's latter-day Moses but would themselves “not write by way of Commandment.” Hiram Page received a harsher rebuke. The “things which they have written from that Stone,” the Lord stated, “are not of me & … Satan deceiveth him.” Through this revelation, Smith affirmed that no objects were necessary as conduits for revelation and that their prophetic authority was unique.[2]
A church conference toward the end of September 1830 affirmed the recent revelation and affirmed Smith's as “seer, a translator, a prophet, an apostle of Jesus Christ.” Newel Knight, an early convert, commented that “Brother Page, as well as the whole church who were present, renounced the said stone, and all things connected therewith, much to our mutual satisfaction and happiness.”[3]
It is interesting that as time passed, it became more difficult for some Latter-day Saints to accept that their founding prophet used a seer stone, both in search of buried treasures and as a conduit for revelation. In the early 1830s, some of Smith's followers had been just as skeptical that they could receive revelations without a stone.
The September 1830 revelation and conference did not fully settle the issue of revelatory authority. A prophetess challenged Smith's authority the next year with revelations of their own. Over the course of Mormon history, other would-be prophets have challenged church leaders with claims of revelation. In the mid-1840s, James Strang mocked Brigham Young for their unwillingness to produce written revelations. In the 1850s, Lydia Farnsworth wrote Young that they had obtained a revelation that they should marry him. “When I wished to have any woman sealed to me,” Young responded in a letter, “I shall reveal the fact. I am not guided by revelations coming through any woman.” (Fourteen years later, Young – apparently no longer offended – did marry Farnsworth). Members and outsiders alike sometimes wonder why contemporary Latter-day Saint leaders no longer bring forth the “word of the Lord” as did Joseph Smith and some of their successors. Prophetic authority – hard to define, hard to confine.
[1] Whitmer, An Address to All Believers in Christ…(Richmond, Mo.: David Whitmer, 1887), 54.
[2] Revelation of September 1830 to Oliver Cowdery, D&C 28:2.
[3] Richard Bushman, Joseph Smith: Rough Stone Rolling (New York: Knopf, 2005, 120-121).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW ORLEANS -- The French Quarter's annual Halloween parade, Krewe of Boo, has some local and world-famous celebrities riding this year.
The celebrity grand marshal for the parade is WWE superstar The Miz.
Saint sports legend Bobby Hebert, "The Cajun Cannon," will also ride along as a special guest, and this year's celebrity king is "Mr. Mardi Gras," Blaine Kern.
The Krewe is celebrating its 10th anniversary, and Kern is celebrating their 90th birthday.
The parade is Saturday, Oct. 21, at 6:30 p.m.
It starts at Elysian Fields in the Marigny then moves through the Quarter from N. Peters and Decatur Streets to Jackson Square. It ends up in the Warehouse District at the Convention Center.
Visit the Krewe of Boo website for more information.
CHICAGO --- Young adults who used marijuana only recreationally showed significant abnormalities in two key brain regions that are important in emotion and motivation, scientists report. The study was a collaboration between Northwestern Medicine® and Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School.
This is the first study to show casual use of marijuana is related to major brain changes. It showed the degree of brain abnormalities in these regions is directly related to the number of joints a person smoked per week. The more joints a person smoked, the more abnormal the shape, volume and density of the brain regions.
"This study raises a strong challenge to the idea that casual marijuana use isn't associated with bad consequences," said corresponding and co-senior study author Hans Breiter, M.D.  They are a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and a psychiatrist at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
"Some of these people only used marijuana to get high once or twice a week," Breiter said. "People think a little recreational use shouldn't cause a problem, if someone is doing OK with work or school. Our data directly says this is not the case."
The study will be published April 16 in the Journal of Neuroscience.
Scientists examined the nucleus accumbens and the amygdala -- key regions for emotion and motivation, and associated with addiction -- in the brains of casual marijuana users and non-users. Researchers analyzed three measures: volume, shape and density of grey matter (i.e., where most cells are located in brain tissue) to obtain a comprehensive view of how each region was affected.
Both these regions in recreational pot users were abnormally altered for at least two of these structural measures. The degree of those alterations was directly related to how much marijuana the subjects used.
Of particular note, the nucleus acccumbens was abnormally large, and its alteration in size, shape and density was directly related to how many joints an individual smoked.
"One unique strength of this study is that we looked at the nucleus accumbens in three different ways to get a detailed and consistent picture of the problem," said lead author Jodi Gilman, a researcher in the Massachusetts General Center for Addiction Medicine and an instructor in psychology at Harvard Medical School. "It allows a more nuanced picture of the results."
Examining the three different measures also was important because no single measure is the gold standard. Some abnormalities may be more detectable using one type of neuroimaging analysis method than another. Breiter said the three measures provide a multidimensional view when integrated together for evaluating the effects of marijuana on the brain.
"These are core, fundamental structures of the brain," said co-senior study author Anne Blood, director of the Mood and Motor Control Laboratory at Massachusetts General and assistant professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. "They form the basis for how you assess positive and negative features about things in the environment and make decisions about them."
Through different methods of neuroimaging, scientists examined the brains of young adults, ages 18 to 25, from Boston-area colleges; 20 who smoked marijuana and 20 who didn't. Each group had nine males and 11 females. The users underwent a psychiatric interview to confirm they were not dependent on marijuana. They did not meet criteria for abuse of any other illegal drugs during their lifetime.
The changes in brain structures indicate the marijuana users' brains are adapting to low-level exposure to marijuana, the scientists said.
The study results fit with animal studies that show when rats are given tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) their brains rewire and form many new connections. THC is the mind-altering ingredient found in marijuana.
"It may be that we're seeing a type of drug learning in the brain," Gilman said. "We think when people are in the process of becoming addicted, their brains form these new connections."
In animals, these new connections indicate the brain is adapting to the unnatural level of reward and stimulation from marijuana. These connections make other natural rewards less satisfying.
"Drugs of abuse can cause more dopamine release than natural rewards like food, sex and social interaction," Gilman said. "In those you also get a burst of dopamine but not as much as in many drugs of abuse. That is why drugs take on so much salience, and everything else loses its importance."
The brain changes suggest that structural changes to the brain are an important early result of casual drug use, Breiter said. "Further work, including longitudinal studies, is needed to determine if these findings can be linked to animal studies showing marijuana can be a gateway drug for stronger substances," they noted.
Because the study was retrospective, researchers did not know the THC content of the marijuana, which can range from 5 to 9 percent or even higher in the currently available drug. The THC content is much higher today than the marijuana during the 1960s and 1970s, which was often about 1 to 3 percent, Gilman said.
Marijuana is the most commonly used illicit drug in the U.S. with an estimated 15.2 million users, the study reports, based on the National Survey on Drug Use and Health in 2008. The drug's use is increasing among adolescents and young adults, partially due to society's changing beliefs about cannabis use and its legal status.
A recent Northwestern study showed chronic use of marijuana was linked to brain abnormalities. "With the findings of these two papers," Breiter said, "I've developed a severe worry about whether we should be allowing anybody under age 30 to use pot unless they have a terminal illness and need it for pain."
###
The research was supported by grants 14118, 026002, 35 026104, 027804 and 034093 from the National Institute on Drug Abuse, and grant 052368 from the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, all of the National Institutes of Health. The Office of National Drug Control Policy and Northwestern Medicine's Warren Wright Adolescent Center also supported the research.
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) — It's been the prevailing economic philosophy of the Republican Party since Ronald Reagan was elected president in 1980.
Supply-side economics held that reducing marginal tax rates would spur economic growth, create jobs and even generate tax revenue for the government.
Reuters A statue of former U.S. President Ronald Reagan near the American Embassy in Budapest, Hungary.
And it makes sense in theory: If people keep more of what they make, they would logically work harder, spend more and hire more people, right?
When you listen to supply-siders like Arthur Laffer, Stephen Moore and Larry Kudlow, they always extol the Kennedy-Johnson tax cut of the 1960s and especially President Reagan's tax cuts of the 1980s.
But they rarely mention the 1990s or the 2000s.
Maybe that's because those two decades were almost a perfect controlled experiment that shattered their pet theories: President Bill Clinton raised marginal tax rates and the economy boomed and jobs were plentiful. President George W. Bush cut them and we got only modest job growth.
In fact, there's more and more evidence suggesting that lowering marginal tax rates doesn't create many jobs at all.
Read Howard Gold's earlier take on the failed Bush tax cuts on MoneyShow.com.
For years I've tried to find any economist — left, right, or center — who could estimate the number of jobs created by the Bush tax cuts, but without success.
So, I'm taking a crack at it myself.
Tax hikes vs. tax cuts
Using data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics CES survey, I compared the number of jobs created in the years following the balanced budget bill signed by President Clinton in August 1993 and after the second round of Bush tax cuts, which went into effect in May 2003. (Supply-siders think that was the real deal, not the earlier 2001 cuts.)
Nearly 20 million private sector jobs were created from the August 1993 tax increase until the end of the Clinton administration in December 2000. The number following the Bush tax cuts, in a shorter time period (May 2003 to December 2007, when the Great Recession began), was above seven million.
But when I actually counted the jobs created in various industries and eliminated those that clearly had nothing to do with lower marginal tax rates, I was left with a much smaller number: two million at most, a dreadful performance by any measurement.
This isn't an academic exercise. A 20% cut in marginal tax rates, including reducing the top tax rate to 28% from 35%, is a key plank of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney's economic growth plan (along with cuts in business taxes and reduced regulation, which I won't cover in this column).
Read Howard Gold's analysis of what Mitt Romney really did at Bain Capital in the Independent Agenda.
One of former Gov. Romney's top economic advisers, Glenn Hubbard, the dean of the Columbia Business School, wasn't available for an interview, nor could the Romney campaign provide another adviser by deadline. Top Bush economist Lawrence Lindsey also wasn't available.
Yet Hubbard, along with former Sen. Phil Gramm (Mr. Banking Deregulation of the late 1990s), penned an op-ed Thursday in the Wall Street Journal comparing the current recession with “the superior job creation and income growth” of — wait for it — the 1980s.
Again, no mention of the Clinton 1990s or the Bush tax cuts, of which Hubbard was a prime architect as chairperson of the president's Council of Economic Advisers.
Isn't it curious how so many smart people have such complete amnesia about the last 20 years?
The Clinton delivery
Yet there's a growing consensus that cuts in marginal income-tax rates don't deliver the goods:
Robert Moffitt and Mark Wilhelm found “no evidence” that high-income U.S. taxpayers increased their work hours in response to the 1986 Reagan tax cuts. This undercuts a central premise of supply-side economics, that cutting taxes gives people incentives to work more.
A 2010 report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that cutting income taxes produced the least bang for the buck among 11 proposed policy options aimed at boosting employment.
David and Christina Romer, economists at the University of California-Berkeley (she was President Obama's CEA chairperson), found that changes in marginal tax rates had little effect on U.S. economic growth in the 1920s and 1930s, either.
But the most striking evidence is the glaring contrast between the 1990s and 2000s.
A 2008 study by the liberal Center for American Progress and Economic Policy Institute showed that private investment, GDP, wages, household income, employment and federal revenue all grew faster — sometimes much faster — during the high-tax Clinton years than they did during the low-tax Reagan and Bush eras.
In August 1993, President Clinton signed a law that boosted the top personal income tax rate dramatically, to 39.6% from 31%.
But rather than die out, the nascent economic recovery picked up speed and never looked back. By the time this giant boom ended, the U.S. economy had added nearly 20 million private-sector jobs in every sector from manufacturing to retail trade to finance to information technology.
Marginalizing marginal tax rates
Of course, higher taxes didn't cause this boom. That's the whole point: other economic forces were so powerful that marginal tax rates didn't matter.
And they didn't matter a decade later when President Bush signed the second of two tax cuts in May 2003, accelerating the 2001 act's provisions, reducing the top rate to 35%, and cutting capital gains and dividend tax rates.
But something else was brewing: In July 2003, the Federal Reserve cut the federal funds rate to 1% and kept it there for a year.
By doing so, the Fed pumped hot air into a speculative real estate bubble, with far-flung effects. As Martin N. Baily, Susan Lund and Charles Atkins wrote in a 2010 paper for the McKinsey Global Institute:
“From 2003 through the third quarter of 2008, U.S. households extracted $2.3 trillion of equity from their homes in the form of home-equity loans and cash-out refinancings. Nearly 40% of this — $897 billion, an amount bigger than the 2008 U.S. government stimulus package — went directly to finance home improvement or personal consumption.” (Italics added.)
The two Bush tax cuts caused an estimated $1 trillion loss of federal tax revenues — and each year the revenue shortfall is an additional $100 billion. It's the gift that keeps on giving.
So, here's how I'm calculating the jobs created by these cuts.
First, to the 7.33 million net new private-sector jobs, I'm adding back a million jobs lost in manufacturing and technology, for about 8.3 million new jobs created.
Job growth under Bill Clinton and George W. Bush
After Clinton tax hike Aug. 1993-Dec. 2000 After Bush tax cut May 2003-Dec. 2007 Total private employment (thousands) 19,586 7,333 Manufacturing 437 (812) Information 1,031 (169) Retail Trade 2,321.4 674 Wholesale Trade 812.9 422.1 Leisure & Hospitality 2,201 1,458 Transportation 887.9 372.1 Finance (incl. real estate finance) 1,008 236 Professional & Business Services 5,300 2,131 Construction 1,986 784 Residential Construction 214.4 295.3 Health & Education Services 2,925 1,971 (Selected categories, may not add up) Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics, CES
Then I'd subtract the two million new jobs in health and education, which grew steadily in both the Clinton and Bush years with no impact from tax policy.
I'd also remove the 400,000 jobs added in residential real estate and home building, obviously a result of lower interest rates and the housing bubble.
Then, I'd subtract two million new jobs in professional and business services, also the result of a structural move to a service economy. Five million of those jobs were added under President Clinton.
That leaves us with four million jobs added in cyclical industries like retail and wholesale trade, leisure and hospitality, transportation and securities, as well as nonresidential construction.
My best guess is that half of those jobs were the result of the housing bubble, cash-out refinancing and rock-bottom interest rates while the rest may have come from the additional animal spirits and cash in consumers' pockets as a result of the Bush tax cuts.
My unscientific estimate, then, is that the Bush tax cuts were responsible for maybe two million jobs at most. Pathetic is an understatement.
I welcome your input and would be glad to revise this number in a future column if you provide a better estimate.
Supply-side economics is not the only economic philosophy that has come up short in the Great Recession. As I wrote here last year, Keynesian stimulus and Friedmanesque monetary policy both haven't done the job.
Read Howard Gold's take on Keynes and Friedman, the economics gods that failed, in MoneyShow.com.
Surely supply-side economics worked better when the top tax rate was slashed from 70% to 28% under President Reagan. It might be more justified at the state level, where crippling tax burdens have made some states uncompetitive. And raising taxes too high would likely hurt growth, so it may work better in reverse.
But clearly this is a theory with diminishing returns that has outlived its usefulness.
Because after the last two decades, believing that cuts in marginal personal tax rates will create jobs and revive our economy is like still believing the sun orbits the earth.
Howard R. Gold is a columnist at MarketWatch and editor at large for MoneyShow.com. Follow them on Twitter @howardrgold and read their commentary on politics and economics at www.independentagenda.com.
Tonight NBC Nightly News reported that U.S. intelligence officials believe that Vladimir Putin was directly involved in attempts to interfere with the election.
Anonymous intelligence officials have told NBC that this intel has come from diplomatic sources and even “spies working for America's allies.”
They said that Putin was “directing the use” of the hacked material due to a “vendetta” they had against Hillary Clinton and a desire to expose corruption in American politics.
Exclusive: US intel officials believe Pres. Putin personally involved in US election disruption – @CynthiaMcFadden https://t.co/yr6leXV8kv — NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) December 14, 2016
Former U.S. ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul told NBC that “it's been known for a long time” Putin has a vendetta against Clinton, and that they “wants to discredit American democracy.”
This comes as reports have been bubbling up about internal U.S. intel disagreements about the motives of the Russian hacks.
Watch above, via NBC.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Beneath smoggy clouds in the Chinese mega-city of Chengdu, waves lap against sandy shores and a salty breeze blows across the beach. 6,000 holidaymakers look out on a glowing sunset, dining on platters of "the rarest oceanic fish species", while a stage rises from the water, ready for the evening's multimedia music spectacular. China's fourth largest city may be 620 miles from the coast, but that hasn't stopped it having its own seaside – newly opened inside the biggest building in the world.
A 100m tall cliff-face of blue mirrored glass, stretching 500m along a triumphal plaza, the New Century Global Centre houses an entire seaside resort, along with a 14-screen Imax cinema, Olympic-sized ice rink, two five-star hotels and its own Mediterranean shopping village – all wrapped with a vast ribbon of offices. Sprawling for 1.7m square metres, it could fit 20 Sydney Opera Houses beneath its glass roof. It is declared by its creators to be "a landmark which commands the world and is looked upon by the world with respect," a pleasure dome that Kubla Khan could only dream of.
Positioned at the heart of the city's Tianfu district, a new hub for finance, IT and biochemical industries, the building squats like an overfed prize fowl, teetering out in all directions and looming above a neighbouring art centre by Zaha Hadid – a dwarf in comparison, at 140,000 square metres. Its design, say the developers, is "themed with a comprehensive and profound oceanic culture and inspired by the design concept of sailing seagulls and undulating waves".
On entering the echoing 18-storey atrium, lined with a stratified cream cake of hotel balconies and zig-zagging escalators, visitors are blasted with artificial sea breeze, designed to "make one intoxicated, as if they were enjoying themselves in the fabulous heaven". Moving past aquarium walls and through a strange hybrid townscape of Polynesian huts crossed with a middle eastern kasbah, tourists arrive at the 400m-long coastline, where the largest artificial waves in the world break in front of the longest LED screen in the world – on which "the alternating morning cloud and twilight afterglow extend the horizon limitlessly in the temporal and spatial directions".
Inside the New Century Global Centre, Chengdu, China
For one of the most polluted cities in China, the sun shines through the glass barrel-vaulted roof in a remarkably blue sky. "We have borrowed a Japanese technique," guide Liu Xun told the Sydney Morning Herald. "There is an artificial sun that shines 24 hours a day and allows for a comfortable temperature."
New Century Global Centre, Chengdu, China Photograph: Entertainment and Travel Group
With offices that are both "comfortable and pompous", entertainment facilities that offer "the most exquisite and extravagant audiovisual pleasures", 1,000 deluxe hotel suites that all enjoy a sea view, and one of the largest shopping malls in China, citizens of the New Century Global Centre are given no reason to leave. But nor might they be able to escape their work: "It is a world class modern city of idyllic beauty," trumpets the promotional video, "where recreation has become the core value of modern business concepts and business will become a way of life."
Track Listing:
1. Nth
2. ESP ION AGE
3. Husk
4. Phreqs
5. Crone
6. Revault Of Volts
7. Spores
8. Phathom
9. Olde Guarde
ION is the fifth full-length album from enigmatic Australian avant-garde death metal surrealists PORTAL. ION is the band's most intense and experimental release to date, an album not for the faint of heart and/of mind.
PORTAL "ION" vinyl variants:
100 units Silver/Black Colour Mix (SOLD OUT)
100 units Clear vinyl w/Silver + Black Splatter (SOLD OUT)
200 units Silver vinyl w/black haze (SOLD OUT)
200 units Gold vinyl
500 units Clear Vinyl (SOLD OUT)
Black Vinyl
PRE-ORDER CUSTOMERS: Orders are expected to begin shipping the week of January 26, 2018. Any items purchased with this pre-order will not ship until the week of January 26, 2018 as well. All items are mock ups and final product may vary slightly.
Image copyright AFP
A nervous calm prevails in Egypt, which has lived through an uprising and the ousting of a president. The country is in the process of voting for a new parliament - but while the current government seems to have brought greater security, has this come at the cost of freedom, asks Kevin Connolly.
The yellowish light of 1,000 40-watt bulbs hangs over the old railway station like a grimy tarpaulin.
Just beyond the glow of that dull, tobacco-tinged mantle the greasy grey air of the Cairo evening stirs sullenly in the breeze.
It is almost time to go. Train doors are slammed and tickets checked and sweet sludgy coffee dribbles from the steaming pipes of the trackside vendors.
Then, suddenly, in a moment the familiar rituals of parting and departure stop.
Two of the great contradictory impulses of Egyptian life are about to be played out in front of us. A Russian playwright couldn't have skewered the authoritarianism and the parallel tendency towards anarchy with greater precision.
There are, it seems, two reasons for the change of mood.
The first is that a patriotic fellow traveller has noticed that one of our party has taken a smartphone snapshot of the red neon indicator board that announces the time of the departure of our night train to Luxor.
Image copyright ALAMY
They have calculated - correctly as it turns out - that the way the photograph has been framed would mean that a uniformed police officer would appear on the edge of the image.
Stirred to action the police officer insists on seeing the photograph.
And there indeed they are - or at least there an unrecognisable half of them is from the back of their beret down to the heels of theirs shoes.
 They are apologetic but unbudgeable. The photograph showing their tactical disposition as they chatted and smoked with passers-by might be of use to terrorists and must therefore be deleted.
While all this is being debated there is a sudden and vigorous hammering on the doors of our railway carriage. Not the doors which open safely on to the platform but the sealed ones on the side which look on to the tracks.
Find out more Listen to From Our Own Correspondent for insight and analysis from BBC journalists, correspondents and writers from around the world Broadcast on Radio 4 on Thursdays at 11:00 and Saturdays at 11:30 and on BBC World Service Listen to the programme Download the programme
Several passengers who don't fancy walking around to the right side of the train through the passenger underpass have jumped down onto the tracks with their luggage and are milling about on the rails.
The police officer - deep in conversation with the man who drew their attention to photo-gate - is magnificently unconcerned with this dangerous behaviour.
 They are on anti-terrorism duty and their mission is accomplished. The plucky but foolhardy passengers are gently driven back off the tracks by a jovial sleeping car attendant. Grumbling as they hoist their heavy bags back up on to the platform, they disappear into the chaos of the crowd.
There is a new confidence about the security forces in Egypt which reflects the fact that their man, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a former military intelligence officer, is firmly in control of the presidency.
They now await the election of the kind of parliament from which seldom is heard a discouraging word. By December when Egypt's extraordinarily drawn-out election process is finally over, they will have one.
Revolution and counter-revolution have come full circle to leave Egypt pretty much where it was before all the upheaval, governed by a former military officer with the backing of the powerful heads of the armed forces.
It is a form of government that can only operate by intimidating its critics - and by jailing them if it has to.
Image copyright AFP
To justify the high-handedness Sisi and their men point to the way in which the fires of Islamist extremism have consumed the states of Syria, Libya and Iraq. Only their iron grip, they argue, stops Egypt from going the same way.
So this is a country where a military court can jail a young person for three years on a charge of doctoring a picture of the president to show them with the ears of Mickey Mouse.
A country where a video-tape editor can disappear after popping out of their office to buy a spot of lunch and not be seen again.
A country where a writer and broadcaster I've known for years suddenly finds themselves facing the prospect of trial on pain of imprisonment for questioning just how free the country is. You will spot the irony where the police did not.
There will be no surprises in the parliamentary elections here - the rules don't permit them. And plenty of Egyptians are happy to sacrifice a little democracy for a little stability.
The problem is of course, that you never quite know how much freedom you have to surrender in that sort of deal, or how and when you might get it back.
Our train set off on time in the end and headed into the dark uncertainties of the night. Egypt is on a similar journey itself, except it can't be sure quite what the destination may turn out to be. Or what price it might have to pay to get there.
How to listen to From Our Own Correspondent:
BBC Radio 4: Thursdays at 11:00 and Saturdays at 11:30
Listen online or download the podcast.
BBC World Service: At weekends - see World Service programme schedule or listen online.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
A federal judge's decision to strike down Virginia's ban on same-sex marriagehas unsurprisingly stoked the ire of conservatives.
Family Research Council head Tony Perkins offered a typical rebuke of “activist judges” and the “arrogant judiciary,” and once again warned that marriage equality will in fact lead to unprecedented inequality.
It appears that we have yet another example of an arrogant judge substituting their personal preferences for the judgment of the General Assembly and 57 percent of Virginia voters. Our nation's judicial system has been infected by activist judges, which threaten the stability of our nation and the rule of law. This ruling comes on the heels of Attorney General Mark Herring's refusal to fulfill their constitutional duty to defend the state's marriage law. Their lawlessness is an insult to the voters of Virginia who rightfully expected elected officials to uphold the laws and constitution of the state, not attack them as Herring has done. An arrogant judiciary is only one of the major consequences of the drive to redefine marriage. Increasingly, Americans are being forced to finance and celebrate unions that not only step on free speech and religious liberty but also deny children a mom and a dad. Rather than live-and-let-live, this court by redefining marriage will create a level of inequality that has never been seen in our country as people are forced to suppress or violate the basic teachings of their faith,” concluded Perkins.
Mat Staver of Liberty Counsel and Liberty University Law School, which is based in Virginia, said the judge must not have ever read the Constitution.
“This decision is outrageous and legally flawed. Judges would be well-served to read the U.S. Constitution and not invent or rewrite it,” said Mat Staver, Founder and Chairman of Liberty Counsel. “The Constitution cannot be changed by the stroke of a judge's pen, nor does it bow to a judge's personal ideology. The overwhelming majority of Virginia voters who make up ‘we the people' voted to affirm natural marriage. Same-sex marriage, as a policy matter, sends the message that children do not need moms and dads. There is ample evidence that children fair [sic] best when raised with a mother and a father. Same-sex marriage is not the equivalent of natural marriage. Judges should be careful to render decisions grounded in the Constitution and the rule of law. Otherwise, judges and courts will render themselves impotent when the people lose confidence in the judicial system,” Staver continued.
The Family Foundation of Virginia, meanwhile, blamed Valentine's Day for the ruling, which the group says threatens “our entire social fabric.”
“The timing of this decision certainly calls into question Judge Wright Allen's objectivity,” a Friday morning statement from the group stated. “This rushed release just prior to Valentine's Day reeks of political show, making their ruling less a legal argument and more a press release. It's disappointing that a federal judge would so blatantly expose their personal political agenda at the expense of not just marriage, but our entire social fabric.” … “Regardless of one's stance on marriage, the people of Virginia were disenfranchised by this ruling as our voice and our vote that amended our Constitution have been rendered meaningless by a single federal judge with the assistance of our own Attorney General,” the Family Foundation statement read. “Protecting a timeless institution for the well-being of children was the will of the overwhelming majority of Virginians and this ruling denies this important state interest as it places the desires of adults over the outcomes of children.”
National Organization for Marriage president Brian Brown said the “terrible decision” must be reversed:
This is another example of an Obama-appointed judge twisting the constitution and the rule of law to impose their own views of marriage in defiance of the people of Virginia. There is no right to same-sex ‘marriage' in the United States constitution. In fact, the U.S. Supreme Court has said that states have the preeminent duty of defining marriage. The people of Virginia did just that in voting overwhelmingly to affirm marriage as the union of one man and woman. That decision should be respected by federal judges and we hope that the U.S. Supreme Court ends up reversing this terrible decision. This case also leaves a particular stench because of the unconscionable decision of Attorney General Mark Herring to not only abandon their sworn duty to defend the laws of the state, but to actually join the case against the very people they are duty-bound to represent.
Judson Phillips of Tea Party Nation blasted the “imperious federal judiciary” and the “liberal state apparatus,” warning that they are trying “to advance a social experiment that changes America from the nation that we know into something totally unrecognizable” and “will force you to support homosexual marriage.”
EDUCATION Minister Ruairi Quinn has said that primary schools should use time allocated for religion to focus on improving pupils' reading and maths.
EDUCATION Minister Ruairi Quinn has said that primary schools should use time allocated for religion to focus on improving pupils' reading and maths.
The minister's controversial comment was a response to complaints from principals who say they have difficulties covering an "overloaded curriculum".
As well as individual subjects, the recently introduced literacy and numeracy strategy requires schools to allocate 30 minutes a week to developing these skills in pupils.
Mr Quinn's comments drew a speedy response from the Catholic bishops, who said that not alone did the school provide for the education of children but the Catholic school did so respecting the faith and treasured values of parents.
"We know in Ireland that parents will generally wish their children attend schools that support their own convictions. The church, and our Constitution, support this choice," a spokesperson said.
Coincidentally, Mr Quinn's comments came only days before the start of Catholic Schools' Week .
The Irish Primary Principals Network (IPPN) had asked where they were supposed to get the time to do the extra work as well as teach 11 subjects.
Speaking at the IPPN annual conference, president Brendan McCabe sought official guidance from the Department of Education and the National Council for Curriculum and Assessment (NCCA).
The minister drew a mixed reaction from the 1,100 principals present when they said if it was up to them personally they would take time from the allocation for religion.
They said in other countries, faith formation, which involves preparation for the sacraments, was dealt with by the parish, and teachers focused on education.
Schools are required to spend 30 minutes a day on religion, but an Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO) survey last year found more than 70pc of teachers spent more than that, when account was taken of preparing for sacraments, such as First Communion and Confirmation.
Some teachers reported that up to nine hours of time inside school per week was used for sacramental preparation.
Also on the topic of religion, Mr Quinn expressed frustration at the lack of progress in transferring Catholic schools to other patron bodies, as part of their efforts to offer greater choice to parents in areas dominated by religious-run schools.
Surveys conducted in 29 towns and suburbs found support for choice, and Mr Quinn asked the Catholic bishops to identify a school in each area that could be handed over to a new patron.
They said yesterday that progress was slow and acknowledged that it was a difficult issue and people involved had no previous experience.
Where there may be agreement in principle, there was a resistance to handing over one or other school in particular, they said.
The minister said they did not think it was a case of procrastination: "It is just slow."
Mr Quinn had hoped to start the process of transferring schools later this year, but they said yesterday that trying to meet that deadline was "looking increasingly problematic".
Earlier, principals warned that the education of their pupils was being threatened by all the initiatives being rolled out by the department.
IPPN general secretary Sean Cottrell said the 3,200 primary principals were facing "unreasonable" expectations.
They say they are in imminent danger of having neither the time nor the resources to deliver the service pupils deserve because of the increasing and often conflicting demands being made on them.
They told Mr Quinn that the biggest threat to the quality of children's learning was "initiative fatigue. It is draining morale from teachers and principals. The level of expectation on principals is not just great, it's unreasonable."
They said that principals and teachers needed the time and space to absorb and implement the initiatives that had already been introduced and ensure their primary focus remained on their primary responsibility, providing high-quality teaching.
Online Editors
Ancient Sparta Showed That Women's Rights Are A Function Of The Economy
Ken Bourne By
12 11 Like Like
Tweet 7 This page has been shared 7 times. View these Tweets.
Introduction
Many readers of ROK may believe that feminism, with its supposed goal of achieving equality between men and women by promoting women's rights, is a relatively new concept that was developed after the Industrial Revolution. However, at least one attempt to implement women's rights occurred in antiquity, in the land of ancient Sparta.
The very name Sparta makes one think of the epitome of manliness; a society composed of tall, muscular, and highly disciplined soldiers. The Spartans were ruthless warriors who despised weakness and cowardice. Given Sparta's penchant for manliness, it may come as some surprise to learn that Sparta, of all the Greek city-states, had the most liberal civil laws when it came to the rights of its women.
In Spartan society, women could own estates, travel freely without male escort, and even initiate divorce. These rights were far from the historical norm. Indeed, one may see many parallels between women's rights in Ancient Sparta and those found in the modern developed world.
Given how the manosphere, and by extension ROK, finds many laws related to feminism and the sexual revolution to be harmful to society, it is imperative that those involved in the manosphere understand how such laws came into practice in the first place. The implementation of laws supporting women's rights is a function of the economy, and come into existence only through economic necessity. Spartan civilization provides a perfect example of this.
The events that led to the implementation of women's rights in Sparta
Spartan civilization was warrior-based, meaning that little effort was put into developing agriculture and art, and much effort was put into pillaging and stealing lands and wealth from other civilizations. When the Spartans conquered an enemy, they enslaved the populace and turned their lands into plantations. The enslaved people were expected to provide produce and goods to their Spartan masters. Slave revolts were common, and Sparta needed a large standing army in order to quell any rebellions that might occur.
When Sparta conquered the neighboring territory of Messenia in the late 8th century B.C., the first step in granting women more legal rights was taken. Sparta gained the valuable assets of fertile land and slaves by conquering Messenia, but Sparta faced new challenges through this victory. With such a large slave population, Sparta needed a much larger army to make sure the slaves didn't rebel against their masters.
By increasing the size of their army, there were fewer Spartan men on the home front to manage estates and the non-military and other economic aspects of Spartan civilization. Because of this, it became an economic necessity to grant women more political freedom so they could take the place of men by managing the estates and civil affairs of Sparta.
After the conquest of Messenia, the Spartan constitution was reformed so that women could have formal titles to property, as well as the legal rights, training and capability to do with land as Spartan men did. This was to provide an incentive to Spartan women to maintain the estates, because it is hard to motivate someone if they cannot profit from the fruits of their labor.
The decline of women's rights in Sparta
However, the rights women acquired did not last forever. These rights, which provided women with the necessary tools to successfully run estates, also increased the opportunity cost of having children. With women having more freedom than ever before, they ended up producing fewer children. By the early 4th century B.C., Sparta's population was one-fifth of what it had been 200 years prior, an astonishing reduction. It is interesting to note that this is also the case in the modern developed world, where birth rates have been below replacement levels for decades.
This shocking drop in population resulted in a smaller army, as fewer men were being born. Sparta's military was weakened. With Sparta's defeat by Thebes in 370 B.C., the Messenians revolted and defeated the Spartans. This defeat caused the Spartans to lose a significant amount of territory, as well as the large slave population they depended upon for their material well-being.
Because of this loss, there was no reason to maintain the constitutional reforms that gave Spartan women their rights, and by the time of the Romans (post-146 B.C.) Spartan women were again solely known for their domestic virtues and roles in religious ceremonies. Sparta even established a magistrate that oversaw the behavior of women, which would have been unthinkable during the Spartan occupation of Messenia. By this time, women's rights in Sparta were finished.
What Can We Learn From Spartan History?
One of the most important things we can learn from Spartan history is that women's rights were historically enacted not out of ideology, but rather out of economic necessity. There is a direct causation between the capture of Messenia and the rise of women's rights, as there is a direct causation between the loss of Messenia and the revoking of women's rights.
Keep in mind it was Spartan men who held governmental power, and it was Spartan men who gave women their short-lived economic and societal influence. They did this for shrewd economic purposes, and were not driven by ideology, even through the Spartan men were very democratic and considered themselves as “homoioi,” or the “equal ones,” and therefore did not lack ideology.
Clearly, women's rights in ancient Sparta was self-defeating, as the reduction in population weakened the army that held up the economic system in the first place. Hopefully, we can learn from history and try to correct the mistakes of the past.
Note: Credit goes to this piece for inspiring this article, and the original research paper this article is based on can be found here
Read More: The Roots Of Masculinity In Ancient Rome
About the Author Ken Bourne is just a regular guy. When they took the red pill, it confirmed the lifelong feeling that there was something wrong with society. They hope to educate others and promote reasoned discussion in order to find truth. Ken Bourne has a STEM degree, but thinks college is a big scam that needs reforming. They study Arabic and history in their spare time, and plans on traveling the world.
Former President George W. Bush delivered a public repudiation of President Donald Trump's political identity, suggesting many aspects of the current administration are fueling division in the United States and around the world.
The former president defended the ideas of globalism, free trade, and free markets as well as foreign interventionism around the world in a speech at the George W. Bush Institute.
“We cannot wish globalism away,” Bush said, noting that the United States must sustain “wise and sustained global engagement” for the future of the country.
Bush indirectly accused Trump of fueling dangerous ideologies that threatened the unity of the United States and global stability, spending a large portion of their speech complaining about social ills in the country.
“We've seen a return of isolationist sentiments forgetting that American security is directly threatened by the chaos and despair of distant places,” they warned.
Bush urged Americans to “recover our own identity,” citing a commitment to global engagement, free and international trade, and immigration.
“We've seen nationalism distorted into nativism, and forgotten the dynamism that immigration has always brought to America,” they lamented.
“Bigotry seems emboldened, our politics seems more vulnerable to conspiracy theories and outright fabrication,” they said. “There are some signs that support for democracy itself has waned especially for the young.”
But Bush's criticism wasn't merely on Trump's “America First” political ideology. They also criticized the tone of the American political system led by Trump.
“We've seen our discourse degraded by casual cruelty,” they lamented, noting that “argument turns too easily into animosity” and “disagreement escalates into dehumanization.”
They criticized the rise of “bullying and prejudice” in national politics, suggesting that the country lacked positive role models.
The former president looped in a condemnation of white supremacy as part of their speech, suggesting that it was a growing threat in Trump's America.
“Bigotry or white supremacy in any form is blasphemy against the American creed,” they said.
They called for a restoration of American norms in society.
“Our identity as a nation, unlike many other nations, is not determined by geography or ethnicity, by soil or blood,” they said. “Being American involves the embrace of high ideals and civic responsibility.”
Bush's decision to publicly criticize Trump's presidency is unusual after they made a point of rarely challenging President Barack Obama while they were in office.
London, England (CNN) -- Evidence of human-made warming has increased in the past year, according to one of the world's leading climate research centers.
The UK's Met Office Hadley Center says data from a range of climate indicators continues to make an "overwhelming" case for long-term human-made global warming.
"It is clear from the observational evidence across a wide range of indicators that the world is warming," Matt Palmer, an oceans expert at the Met Office, said in a statement.
"As well as a clear increase in air temperature observed above both the land and sea we see observations which are all consistent with increasing greenhouse gases."
The Met Office brought together evidence from over 20 institutions worldwide -- including NOAA's National Climatic Data Center and NASA -- in making its assessment.
Datasets were taken from a variety of sources including satellites, weather balloons, ships and ocean buoys, all of which strengthen the case of human-influenced climate change, the Met Office said.
Increases were reported in seawater temperature, higher levels of humidity, rising sea levels as land-ice melts, and shrinking glaciers and Arctic sea-ice.
"Our analysis confirms that the signals of warming are as strong as they ever have been. Improving our understanding of the factors that affect short and long term trends is helping us to improve our predictions of the future," Vicky Pope, the Met Office's head of climate change advice, said in a statement.
Although the warming trend is continuing there is evidence that the rate has slowed in the last ten years.
Since the end of the 1970s, the rate of surface temperature warming has, on average, risen 0.16 degrees Celsius per decade, according to the Met Office.
But from 2000 to 2009 that decreased to between 0.05 and 0.13 degrees Celsius, despite CO2 emissions continuing to rise.
Scientists don't know yet why the slowdown has occurred, but say "natural variability within the climate system" could be to blame.
Stratospheric water vapor (a greenhouse gas) has slightly reduced in the past decade and could be a factor, scientists say. Another possible reason could be the increase in aerosols emissions from Asia -- aerosols reflect sunlight and have a cooling effect on the Earth.
Despite these short term trends slowing the warming rate, the Met Office says it is satisfied that it fits in with the overall picture on warming.
It says that a decrease in the warming rate is "frequently seen in climate model predictions" and further increases in warming are expected.
But they concede more research is needed to improve the modeling and monitoring of the climate.
The report was released three days before governments, climate scientists and activists are due to assemble in Cancun, Mexico for COP16, the 16th edition of Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
The U.N. talks will focus on climate finance and deforestation as well as continuing to debate national and international strategies to reduce carbon emissions.
A small black device about the size of a pizza box could be the future of financial trading.
Australian company Metamako's network switch is able to route incoming information through to trading servers in just four nanoseconds, and can lower the time it takes to execute a full trade—from the time it receives market information from a stock exchange to the time it sends out a “buy” or “sell” order—to just 85 nanoseconds, nearly three times faster than Cisco's general-purpose networking switch.
The lightning-fast gear is just one link in the high-speed trading chain, of course. Servers have to parse incoming information, make a decision, and send the order back to the switch, before it heads along super-fast cables to an exchange. But Metamako's hardware highlights the lengths that traders are willing to go to lower the “latency” of every component in their setup. The company figures it sells about 100 units a month at around $20,000 a pop—according to the Wall Street Journal's piece on the company, that's pretty affordable compared to many of the components in a high-speed trading rig.
This “race to the bottom” is getting pretty close to the limits of what is possible with known physics—light travels about one foot per nanosecond.
Even relativity can't get in the way of dreaming of making a fast buck, however. When in 2012 scientists briefly thought they'd detected neutrinos that could travel faster than light, for example, high-frequency traders pondered how they might build a system that would execute trades that would, theoretically, occur in the past.
That kind of thinking tells you everything you need to know about just how speed-obsessed the industry has become. But high-frequency trading has also risen to dominate the world of stock trading— about half of all stock that changes hands in the U.S. is through high-speed trades, according to the Journal piece.
Whether or not that's a good thing is a matter of opinion. Critics of the practice argue that it skews profits to those who can afford sophisticated setups. High-frequency traders are able to make pennies off of individual trades but execute them millions of times a day, while regular investors are left in the dust. And it could be a destabilizing force, where software gone haywire erases huge chunks of a company's value in a matter of minutes. This has happened enough that it has a name: a flash crash.
Proponents, on the other hand, argue that reaching the physical speed limits of trading will make markets fairer. Once everyone trades at light speed, or near to it, there will be little advantage to be gained by going any faster.
Until, of course, someone figures out how to break the laws of physics.
(Read more: Wall Street Journal, Wired, “How to Avoid Another Flash Crash” “Trading Shares in Milliseconds”)
By of the
The Milwaukee Bucks on Friday announced two new executive additions to their front office and promotions of current management and staff.
The new executives are Jamie Morningstar, who will serve as the Bucks' vice president of ticket sales and service, and Theodore Loehrke, who joined the team last fall and will serve as senior vice president and chief revenue officer.
Leaving the team are Jim Grayson, director of ticket sales, and David Trattner, assistant director of ticket sales. Both of them resigned, a team official said.
Morningstar previously worked at Madison Square Garden, Loehrke previously worked for the National Basketball Association where they were senior vice president of team marketing and business operations.
Also, the Bucks announced new executive vice presidents. They are Ron Walter, executive vice president, business administration; John Steinmiller, executive vice president, business operations; and Mike Burr, executive vice president, chief financial officer.
The Bucks also named new vice presidents: Jim Woloszyk, vice president, finance and accounting; Dan Smyczek, vice president, public relations; David Snyder, vice president, corporate partnerships; Skip Robinson, vice president, community relations and player development; Michael Grahl, vice president, digital platforms; and Dustin Godsey, vice president, marketing.
Fifty-one Israelis who served in the Israel Defense Forces, some of them still in reserve units, published an open letter Wednesday in the Washington Post supporting refusal to perform military service.
“We were soldiers in a wide variety of units and positions in the Israeli military — a fact we now regret, because, in our service, we found that troops who operate in the occupied territories aren't the only ones enforcing the mechanisms of control over Palestinian lives,” they wrote. “In truth, the entire military is implicated. For that reason, we now refuse to participate in our reserve duties, and we support all those who resist being called to service.”
The signers of the letter claimed that the army used methods of oppressive rule against the Palestinian population in Gaza and the West Bank and perpetuated the disparities in Israeli society. Although they began writing their letter before Operation Protective Edge began, they decided to publish it now because of their opposition to it.
Unlike previous letters of refusal to serve, this letter does not focus solely on the army's actions toward the Palestinian population in the territories, but also on the army's influence on Israeli society. Its authors claim that the army works to erase the culture and struggles of women, Mizrahim, Russians, Ethiopians, Haredim, Bedouin, Druze and Palestinians, and perpetuated the gaps between the various groups. Unlike such letters written in the past that were written by officers, pilots, reservists or high-school seniors about to enlist, most of those who signed the letter did not serve in combat positions.
“The Palestinian residents of the West Bank and Gaza Strip are deprived of civil rights and human rights. They live under a different legal system from their Jewish neighbors. This is not exclusively the fault of soldiers who operate in these territories. Those troops are, therefore, not the only ones obligated to refuse. Many of us served in logistical and bureaucratic support roles; there, we found that the entire military helps implement the oppression of the Palestinians,” the letter read.
“By law, some of us are still registered as part of the reserved forces (others have managed to win exemptions or have been granted them upon their release), and the military keeps our names and personal information, as well as the legal option to order us to ‘service.' But we will not participate — in any way.”
A recently discovered galaxy is undergoing an extraordinary boom of stellar construction, revealed by a group of astronomers led by University of Florida graduate student Jingzhe Ma using NASA's Chandra X-Ray Observatory.
The galaxy known as SPT 0346‐52 is 12.7 billion light years from Earth, seen at a critical stage in the evolution of galaxies about a billion years after the Big Bang.
Astronomers first discovered SPT 0346‐52 with the National Science Foundation's South Pole Telescope, then observed it with space and ground-based telescopes. Data from the NSF/ESO Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array in Chile revealed extremely bright infrared emission, suggesting that the galaxy is undergoing a tremendous burst of star birth.
However, an alternative explanation remained: Was much of the infrared emission instead caused by a rapidly growing supermassive black hole at the galaxy's center? Gas falling towards the black hole would become much hotter and brighter, causing surrounding dust and gas to glow in infrared light. To explore this possibility, researchers used NASA's Chandra X‐ray Observatory and CSIRO's Australia Telescope Compact Array, a radio telescope.
No X‐rays or radio waves were detected, so astronomers were able to rule out a black hole being responsible for most of the bright infrared light.
“We now know that this galaxy doesn't have a gorging black hole, but instead is shining brightly with the light from newborn stars,” Ma said. “This gives us information about how galaxies and the stars within them evolve during some of the earliest times in the universe.”
Stars are forming at a rate of about 4,500 times the mass of the Sun every year in SPT0346-52, one of the highest rates seen in a galaxy. This is in contrast to a galaxy like the Milky Way that only forms about one solar mass of new stars per year.
“Astronomers call galaxies with lots of star formation ‘starburst' galaxies,” said UF astronomy professor Anthony Gonzalez, who co-authored the study. “That term doesn't seem to do this galaxy justice, so we are calling it a ‘hyper-starburst' galaxy.”
The high rate of star formation implies that a large reservoir of cool gas in the galaxy is being converted into stars with unusually high efficiency.
Astronomers hope that by studying more galaxies like SPT0346‐52 they will learn more about the formation and growth of massive galaxies and the supermassive black holes at their centers.
“For decades, astronomers have known that supermassive black holes and the stars in their host galaxies grow together,” said co-author Joaquin Vieira of the University of Illinois at Urbana‐Champaign. “Exactly why they do this is still a mystery. SPT0346-52 is interesting because we have observed an incredible burst of stars forming, and yet found no evidence for a growing supermassive black hole. We would really like to study this galaxy in greater detail and understand what triggered the star formation and how that affects the growth of the black hole.”
SPT0346‐52 is part of a population of strong gravitationally-lensed galaxies discovered with the SPT. It appears about six times brighter than it would without gravitational lensing, which enables astronomers to see more details than would otherwise be possible.
A paper describing the results appears in a recent issue of The Astrophysical Journal and is available online. NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, manages the Chandra program for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, controls Chandra's science and flight operations.
The distorted galaxy in the simulation results from a collision between two galaxies, followed by them merging. Astronomers think such a merger could be the reason why SPT0346-52 is having such a boom of stellar construction. Once the two galaxies collide, gas near the center of the merged galaxy (shown as the bright region in the center of the simulation) is compressed, producing a burst of new stars. The composite inset shows X-ray data from Chandra (blue), short wavelength infrared data from Hubble (green), infrared light from Spitzer (red) at longer wavelengths, and infrared data from ALMA (magenta) at even longer wavelengths. (The light from SPT0346-52 is distorted and magnified by the gravity of an intervening galaxy, producing three elongated images in the ALMA data located near the center of the image. SPT0346-52 is not visible in the Hubble or Spitzer data, but the intervening galaxy causing the gravitational lensing is detected.) There is no blue at the center of the image, showing that Chandra did not detect any X-rays that could have signaled the presence of a growing black hole. Image courtesy of CXC Press Office.
Eight games are in the books for the defending national champion Florida State Seminoles and all eight have been victories. The Seminoles will close the season with their final three ACC games before concluding the regular season with its annual match-up with arch-rival Florida. As the 2014 season enters its final month, here are which match-ups to watch for FSU in November:
Virginia at Florida State — November 8th
Match-up to Watch: FSU rushing attack vs. Virginia rush defense
Running the ball hasn't always come easy for Florida State this season, but the Seminoles have shown immense improvement in recent weeks. Fresh off a 173-yard effort on the ground, Florida State will be facing a Virginia defense that is third in the ACC when it comes to stopping the run. Karlos Williams has been a solid between-the-tackles runner for FSU while Mario Pender and Dalvin Cook have emerged as big play threats on the ground. The Virginia defense is led by safety Anthony Harris and defensive end Eli Harold, who leads the conference in tackles for loss. Virginia also has a very talented corps of linebackers.
Florida State at Miami — November 15th
Match-up to Watch: FSU rush defense vs. Duke Johnson
Florida State has struggled this season against good backs like Louisville's Michael Dyer and Notre Dame's Tarean Folston, but perhaps the best the Seminoles will face this season will be Miami's Duke Johnson. At 5'9″ and 205 pounds, Johnson can run with speed and power, ranking sixth nationally in rushing yards. Johnson is averaging 7.7 yards-per-carry on the year with 11 total touchdowns. For the Seminoles to slow down Johnson, they will need a big day from defensive tackle Eddie Goldman as well as junior linebackers Reggie Northrup and Terrance Smith. FSU is thin on the defensive interior, but the talent is still there nonetheless.
Boston College at Florida State — November 22nd
Match-up to Watch: FSU rush defense vs. Boston College rushing offense
Florida State is extremely thin up front and Boston College currently ranks 10th in the nation in rushing. The majority of the damage for the Eagles has come from Florida transfer at quarterback Tyler Murphy, but running backs Myles Willis and Jon Hilliman have already combined for nearly 1,000 yards as well. Led by All-American Andre Williams last season, Boston College rushed for 200 yards against the Seminoles and gave Florida State its toughest game of the regular season. Consecutive games against two very good rushing offenses should certainly test the inconsistent Florida State run defense.
Florida at Florida State — November 29th
Match-up to Watch: Rashad Greene vs. Vernon Hargreaves III
Vernon Hargreaves III, one of the SEC's premier corners, will try to match up with a potential All-American in Rashad Greene, who could be Florida State's all-time leading receiver at the time of this match-up. The Seminoles exploited the Florida secondary for over 300 yards last season, but the majority of the damage came from Kelvin Benjamin. Should Florida State be able to run the table up to this point, it will be facing the team to hand it its last loss at the same location. FSU looks to have the upper-hand in terms of being the more talented team, but the Florida secondary may have the talent to slow down Greene, Jameis Winston and the Florida State passing attack.
Age-related loss of skeletal muscle mass and strength are risk factors for sarcopenia, osteoporosis, falls, fractures, frailty, and mortality. Dietary magnesium (Mg) could play a role in prevention of age-related loss of skeletal muscle mass, power, and strength directly through physiological mechanisms or indirectly through an impact on chronic low-grade inflammation, itself a risk factor for loss of skeletal muscle mass and strength. In a cross-sectional study of 2570 women aged 18 to 79 years, we examined associations between intakes of Mg, estimated using a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA)-derived measures of muscle mass (fat-free mass as a percentage of body weight [FFM%], fat-free mass index [FFMI, kg/m(2)]), leg explosive power (LEP), and grip strength (n = 949 only). We also examined associations between circulating hs-CRP (C-reactive protein) and muscle mass and LEP, and explored the potential attenuation of these relationships by Mg. We compared our findings with those of age and protein intake. Endpoints were calculated by quintile of Mg and adjusted for relevant confounders. Significant positive associations were found between a higher Mg and indices of skeletal muscle mass and LEP, and also with hs-CRP, after adjustment for covariates. Contrasting extreme quintiles of Mg intake showed differences of 2.6% for FFM% (p trend < 0.001), 0.4 kg/m(2) for FFMI (p trend = 0.005), and 19.6 watts/kg for LEP (p trend < 0.001). Compared with protein, these positive associations were 7 times greater for FFM% and 2.5 times greater for LEP. We also found that higher hs-CRP was negatively associated with skeletal muscle mass and, in statistical modeling, that a higher dietary Mg attenuated this negative relationship by 6.5%, with greater attenuation in women older than 50 years. No association was found between Mg and grip strength. Our results suggest that dietary magnesium may aid conservation of age-related loss of skeletal muscle mass and power in women of all ages.
© 2015 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Informed Delivery is a free and optional notification service that gives residential consumers the ability to digitally preview their letter-sized mailpieces and manage their packages scheduled to arrive soon. Informed Delivery makes mail more convenient by allowing users to view what is coming to their mailbox whenever, wherever – even while traveling – on a computer, tablet or mobile device. To automate the sortation and delivery of mail, the United States Postal Service® (USPS) digitally images the front of letter-sized mailpieces that run through automation equipment. USPS is now using those images to provide digital notifications to users in advance of the delivery of physical mail. Informed Delivery benefits the entire household, ensuring that everyone has visibility into mail and package delivery each day. Informed Delivery allows users to take action before important items reach their mailbox, while offering mailers an unprecedented opportunity to engage users through synchronized direct mail and digital marketing campaigns.
Informed Delivery allows users to interact with their incoming mail and packages in one convenient, online location. Users receive email notifications containing grayscale images of the exterior, address side of incoming letter-sized mailpieces that are arriving soon. These images are also accessible on the Informed Delivery dashboard at informeddelivery.usps.com. (Images of larger mail, such as catalogues or magazines, are only provided if the mailer conducts a synchronized digital marketing campaign.) For items with USPS Tracking®, users will be able to view delivery status of packages, provide USPS Delivery Instructions™, manage their notifications, and schedule redelivery from the dashboard. Most USPS domestic packages tied to the address associated with a USPS account will be automatically available on the Informed Delivery dashboard. Users can also receive USPS Tracking updates for incoming packages via separate email or text notifications. The dashboard displays mailpiece images for a seven-day period, while package information will display for 15 days after each package has been delivered. Users can opt in to receive email or text notifications with status updates for incoming packages, too.
In order for the feature to provide mail images to the appropriate recipient(s), each multi-unit building on each carrier route must be individually identified and coded to the unit level. While most addresses are coded at this level, this coding process, especially in high density areas, is a work in progress. If you live in multi-unit building and you have successfully registered on usps.com®, but the sign up process indicates that you do not have an eligible address, we are unable to offer you the feature until the coding is complete. Please check back at a later date.
SEATTLE, Washington—Mindfulness, a practice derived from Buddhism that is sweeping across North America, is becoming increasingly mainstream in much of the Western world, receiving widespread attention in the media and among people from all walks of life. Yet, while its efficacy is widely recognized, not all those working in this field are comfortable with some expressions of mindfulness in the growing movement to secularize the practice.
“Paying attention in a particular way: on purpose, in the present moment and non-judgmentally.” This is the definition Mindfulness-based Stress Reduction (MBSR) founder Jon Kabat-Zinn provides for “mindfulness.” Kabat-Zinn has been working on MBSR since the late 1970s. The practice draws together yoga and Buddhist meditation, and has been found to be effective for helping people deal with everything from chronic pain to depression to avoiding addictive behavior.
Kabat-Zinn has been adamant about the secular nature of their teaching. Jenny Wilks, an insight meditation teacher and clinical psychologist, quotes them from a 1979 retreat in Barre, Massachusetts, asking himself: “. . . how to take the heart of something as meaningful, as sacred if you will, as Buddhadharma and bring it into the world in a way that doesn't dilute, profane, or distort it, but at the same time is not locked into a culturally and tradition-bound framework that would make it absolutely impenetrable to the vast majority of people, who are nevertheless suffering and might find it extraordinarily useful and liberative.” (Barre Center for Buddhist Studies)
As MBSR has grown in popularity, an increasing number of critics have come forth, worried about the direction mindfulness is taking. These critics are often committed Buddhists and/or meditation teachers themselves. They most often point to the perceived lack of an ethical framework in many forms of mindfulness taught today.
Among these are Zen teachers David Loy and Ronald Purser, who wrote the widely-read 2013 article, “Beyond McMindfulness,” in which they note:
While a stripped-down, secularized technique—what some critics are now calling “McMindfulness”—may make it more palatable to the corporate world, decontextualizing mindfulness from its original liberative and transformative purpose, as well as its foundation in social ethics, amounts to a Faustian bargain. Rather than applying mindfulness as a means to awaken individuals and organizations from the unwholesome roots of greed, ill will, and delusion, it is usually being refashioned into a banal, therapeutic, self-help technique that can actually reinforce those roots. (Huffington Post)
Another critic emerging this week is Matthieu Ricard, a French monk in the Dalai Lama's tradition who was once deemed the “happiest man in the world.”
“There are a lot of people speaking about mindfulness,” Ricard told author and philosopher Roman Krznaric for TIME magazine. “But the risk is that it's taken too literally—to just ‘be mindful.' Well, you could have a very mindful sniper and a mindful psychopath. It's true! A sniper needs to be so focused, never distracted, very calm, always bringing back their attention to the present moment. And non-judgmental—just kill people and no judgment. That could happen!”
Most Catholic and Church of England school have a higher proportion of middle-class children than the local population
England's faith state schools are failing to mirror their local communities by shunning the poorest pupils in their area, analysis by the Guardian of the latest government figures shows.
The Roman Catholic church, which has repeatedly insisted its schools are inclusive, comes out particularly badly in the examination of data published by the Department for Education (DfE) last month and in December. Three-quarters of Catholic primary and secondary schools have a more affluent mix of pupils than their local area.
The figures also reveal that most Church of England (CofE) primary schools have an intake that is untypically affluent and more middle-class than a year ago. The findings will fuel claims that faith schools have been picking pupils from well-off families by selecting on the basis of religion.
The Guardian analysed the proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals – a key indicator of poverty – in each of England's 19,534 state, non-selective primary and secondary schools. All schools designated for children with special needs were taken out.
The schools have been grouped according to whether they are affiliated to the CofE, the Catholic church or have no religious character. The number of state-funded Muslim and Jewish schools is too small to form a meaningful group – however, the 11 state-funded Muslim schools in England are collectively more reflective of their community, with 67% of primaries and 60% of secondaries having more than the local authority average of free school meal pupils. The 36 Jewish state schools on average have less representation of pupils on free school meals than their local area. There are many Christian schools connected to other denominations, but the data does not specify which denomination.
The proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals in each CofE, Catholic or non-religious school was compared with the proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals in their local authority and among all the comparable schools in the same postcode area.
It is well-known that the average proportion of deprived pupils in faith schools is lower than it is for all schools in England. However, it has not until now been clear whether this is a facet of the areas they serve. Our analysis shows for the first time the extent to which faith and non-faith schools reflect – or fail to reflect – the proportion of poor pupils in their area.
The vast majority of Catholic primary and secondary schools fail to mirror the proportion of poor pupils living in their community, the data reveals. The Catholic church has fought successful battles to retain control of admissions to its schools.
Some 73% of Catholic primaries and 72% of Catholic secondaries have a lower proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals than the average for the local authority.
It is the same for CofE primary and secondary schools. Some 74% of these primaries and 65.5% of secondaries have a smaller proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals than is average for the local authority.
In contrast, non-religious schools tend to reflect their neighbourhoods. Half (51%) of non-religious primaries and 45% of non-religious secondaries have a smaller proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals than is representative for their local authority.
Faith schools fared no better when examined at a more local level. We compared the proportion of poor pupils in each postcode with the proportion of poor pupils in faith schools and non-faith schools studying in that postcode. The data shows 76% of Catholic primaries and 65% of Catholic secondaries have a smaller proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals than is representative of their postcode. This is the case for 63.5% of CofE primaries and 40% of CofE secondaries.
Non-religious primaries and secondaries are far more likely to mirror the proportion of poor pupils in their postcode – just 47% of non-faith primaries and 29% of non-faith secondaries take a smaller proportion of free school meals than is representative for their postcode.
Anna Vignoles, a professor of the economics of education at the Institute of Education, University of London, said the Guardian's findings could be explained by the fact that faith schools draw their pupils from their faith communities, which are not necessarily located in the same postcode or area as their school.
A study by Dr Rebecca Allen and Professor Anne West of the Institute of Education and the London School of Economics, published in 2011, showed that middle class parents are more likely to apply to faith schools – and that the admissions procedures there are easier for them to navigate.
Our data also shows that CofE primary schools are increasingly serving the better-heeled in their communities.
Whereas this year 74% of the church's primaries have a smaller proportion of the poorest pupils than their local authority, the year before 72% did.
At a more local level, the same is the case. This year, 63.5% of the church's primaries have a smaller proportion of the poorest pupils than their postcode, compared to 60% last year.
Maeve McCormack, policy manager at the Catholic Education Service, said Catholic schools appeared not to reflect their communities in our data because their catchment areas were geographically wider than the postcode or local authority where the schools were situated.
They said separate figures from the DfE showed 18.6% of pupils at Catholic primary schools live in the 10% most deprived areas of England, compared with only 14.3% of primary school pupils nationally. Some 17% of pupils at Catholic schools lived in the 10% most deprived areas compared to 12% of pupils nationally.
The DfE calculates the proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals based on how many families apply for this benefit. McCormack said that because there was a "cultural stigma" attached to claiming free school meals, fewer than the expected number of pupils were reported to be on the benefit.
A spokesperson for the CofE said local authorities controlled the admissions of more than half its schools. The church rejected the idea that those schools that controlled their own admissions were failing to mirror their local communities.
"The current government agenda to narrow the differential attainment between groups was the priority of the founders of church school education 200 years ago, when providing a basic education for the poor was not seen as a state responsibility," the spokesperson said.
"This remains the driver for all that we continue to do today. That is why the church is the largest sponsor of academies, mostly in deprived areas where the schools had a history of under-performance.
"These academies have opened up new opportunities and new life chances for nearly 45,000 young people, all living in disadvantaged areas – a clear example of the outworking of the church's mission in education."
Richy Thompson from the British Humanist Association said the data gave "further cause for concern that allowing religious discrimination within our state system exacerbates socioeconomic inequality as well as being religiously and ethnically divisive".
They said: "We urge the government to end faith-based selection in all state-funded schools."
Our analysis found some particularly egregious examples of schools – both Catholic and CofE – that take far fewer numbers of pupils eligible for free school meals than is representative of their area.
In St John's Church of England primary in Croydon, south London, just 7% of pupils are eligible for free school meals, compared with 29% across the postcode and 24% across the local authority.
Meanwhile, at St James's Catholic primary school in Richmond, south-west London, only 1% of pupils are eligible for free school meals, compared with 10% across the postcode and local authority.
Image unavailable Rank: 102 Brigham Young University-Provo Provo , UT www.byu.edu BYU-Provo is the main campus of a private college system that specializes in educating members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Non-Mormons can attend, but they are charged twice as much for tuition and must obey the school's strict honor code. That means abstaining from coffee, tea, alcohol, tobacco and drugs; respecting others; regularly attending church services; and living a "chaste and virtuous life." (BYU did recently start selling caffeinated soda, however, so students can at least enjoy Coke on campus.) BYU's Division I sports teams are competitive, especially in football, volleyball, track and women's soccer. The comparatively modern campus is about 45 minutes south of Salt Lake City and offers views of the nearby Rocky Mountains. Because of the emphasis on church, family and the code of conduct, students say that dating is a main social activity and that many BYU students go on to pair off and get married. costs Est. Full Price 2018-2019 $18,800 % of students who get any grants 72% Est. price for students who receive aid $13,800 Average price for low-income students $8,900 Net Price Calculator admissions Acceptance rate 51% Median SAT/ACT Score 1270/29 SAT/ACT required? Yes Enrollment 35,807 Financial Aid % of students with need who get grants 80% % of need met 33% % of students who get merit* grants 26% Average merit grant $4,338 student success Graduation rate 83% Average time to a degree 5 years Average student debt $11,000 Average salary within 3 years $55,400 % of low-income students who become upper middle class 30% key deadlines Early decision application N/A Regular application N/A * Share of full-time undergraduates who had no financial need and were awarded grants. Sources: U.S. Department of Education, Peterson's, PayScale.com , MONEY/College Measures calculations, Equality of Oppourtunity Project.
* Share of full-time undergraduates who had no financial need and were awarded grants.
Sources: U.S. Department of Education, Peterson's, PayScale.com , MONEY/College Measures calculations, Equality of Oppourtunity Project.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The US state of Arkansas has rejected a bill to allow same-sex parents to be listed on birth certificates.
The measure was rejected on Monday by the Senate Judiciary Committee.
The committee rejected the proposal by a voice vote, reports the Associated Press.
Under the bill, the presumption that a child has a mother and a father would be ended.
It was filed responding to the Supreme Court of Arkansas ruling from December that birth certificates will only contain the names of the child's biological parents.
The ruling has come as a huge blow to same-sex parents who want to be named on the birth certificates of their children.
The court ruled in a case in which it reviewed a lower court's ruling from December 2015, which had found that the requirement of having the biological mother and father listed on birth certificates was in violation of the constitutional right of adoptive same-sex parents.
In the previous ruling, Little Rock Circuit Judge Tim Fox first sided with three married lesbian couples, and then later extended their ruling to the entire state.
Law and Home Affairs Minister K. Shanmugam has described Facebook user Thomas Chua as "smug", and their post gloating over the death of 29-year-old Staff Sergeant Nadzrie Matin as "sick".
The Traffic Police outrider died in a traffic accident in Serangoon Road on Thursday while on duty.
Mr Chua claimed they had previously received a speeding ticket from Staff Sgt Nadzrie.
Their Facebook page, which has since been deactivated, also hosted a video of the fallen officer.
In a post on their Facebook page yesterday, Mr Shanmugam said: "I was deeply upset and angry about a gloating post that one Thomas Chua has made on police officer Nadzrie's death. Nadzrie died while on duty.
"Thomas was gloating about Nadzrie's death, because Nazdrie had given them a ticket!
"People like Thomas are sick in the head. No decency or any sense of right and wrong."
Mr Shanmugam said it is "because of officers like Nadzrie that the rest of us have safety and security".
"Thomas' comments are an insult to all police officers, and deeply offensive to Nadzrie's family."
Mr Shanmugam added: "You wonder what human decency people like Thomas have - to be so self-centred, smug and making nasty remarks about an officer who died doing their duty. While there is a completely distraught wife, grieving parents and family, and teammates who are crying."
They had also shared a separate post on Thursday, dedicated to Staff Sgt Nadzrie. Written by Mr Karthik Vinod, it spoke about the grief felt by all police officers.
Mr Vinod also stood up for the Home Team, saying that officers work long, laborious hours and put their lives at risk to protect the people of Singapore.
Mr Vinod's post has garnered more than 2,400 likes and 1,800 shares. It was one of many tributes made to Staff Sgt Nadzrie, who joined the force in 2009.
On Facebook, some have changed their profile photos to show a horizontal blue stripe across a black-and-white Singapore flag or black background in tribute to him.
Words can't express the gratitude! Sir Pbody went above and beyond with their effort and generosity in putting the gift together. First I saw was the Jake discgolf disc. Jake is my favorite character on Adventure Time, so I was pretty pumped when I saw their face. Houston has a few discgolf courses, definitely can't wait to break this puppy in. Second was the glass penguin figurine. It has a whole in their belly and up near their head.. can't figure what that is all about, but I dig it ;) I have a pretty uncontrollable obsession with penguins, and have a spot picked out for them among my other specialty glass figures and sculptures.
Thank you soo much again for the fantastic gifts! Both amazing items will be put to fantastic use!!
Death and killing have their origin in evil, but the gospel of Christ is about God's gift of life: “The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy. I came that they may have life and have it abundantly” (John 10:10). The law and purposes of God are directed toward fostering life, not the taking of life: “I call heaven and earth to witness against you today, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and curse. Therefore choose life, that you and your offspring may live” (Deuteronomy 30:19). When asked what were the greatest of God's commandments, Jesus said there were two, “Love God,” and “Love your neighbor as yourself.” Using a firearm defensively requires the user to focus on killing a fellow human being, presenting the temptation to treat others with suspicion and contempt, and to mete out revenge on them. God limits the use of deadly force to a relative few in order to restrain and contain violence: “For rulers are not a terror to good conduct, but to bad. Would you have no fear of the one who is in authority? Then do what is good, and you will receive their approval, for they are God's servant for your good. But if you do wrong, be afraid, for they do not bear the sword in vain. For they are the servant of God, an avenger who carries out God's wrath on the wrongdoer. Therefore one must be in subjection, not only to avoid God's wrath but also for the sake of conscience” (Romans 13:3-5). Fear should not be a motivator to take up lethal arms. The Bible is replete with commands not to fear: “[F]ear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand” (Isaiah 41:10). “Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me” (Psalm 23:4). “Fear of man will prove to be a snare, but whoever trusts in the Lord is kept safe” (Proverbs 29:25). Fear can indicate a failure of faith and, therefore, can be a precursor to sin: “He got up, rebuked the wind and said to the waves, “Quiet! Be still!” Then the wind died down and it was completely calm. They said to their disciples, “Why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?” (Mark 4:39-40) “For whatever does not proceed from faith is sin” (Romans 14:23b). We are not to fear human beings, even if they intend on doing us bodily harm. Fear implies external control and we are only to be controlled by God: “And do not fear those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather fear them who can destroy both soul and body in hell” (Matthew 10:28). Even if we intend to carry a weapon defensively, we can easily slip into an internal attitude that puts us on the offense and deludes us into falsely thinking we are more powerful than others, or, even the most powerful person in any encounter: “A dispute also arose among them as to which of them was considered to be greatest. Jesus said to them, ‘The kings of the Gentiles lord it over them; and those who exercise authority over them call themselves Benefactors. But you are not to be like that. Instead, the greatest among you should be like the youngest, and the one who rules like the one who serves. For who is greater, the one who is at the table or the one who serves? Is it not the one who is at the table? But I am among you as one who serves'” (Luke 22:24-27). Ethically and morally, taking the overwhelmingly dominant role—especially a deadly one—in any human encounter is problematic for a Christian and is therefore a great concern in healthy Christian discipleship:” Do nothing from selfish ambition or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves” (Philippians 2:3). The Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution has been consistently interpreted to guarantee the legal right for U.S. Citizens to “bear arms.” (At times interpreted to mean even a God-given right.) Yet, rights and laws, even if consistent with the Law of God, are not always the best course for Christians to follow:
“All things are lawful,” but not all things are helpful. “All things are lawful,” but not all things build up. Let no one seek their own good, but the good of their neighbor.” (1 Corinthians 10:23-24).
From the Book of Matthew 5:37b-38: “You have heard that it was said, ‘Eye for eye and tooth for tooth. But I tell you not to resist an evil person. If someone slaps you on your right cheek, turn to them the other also; if someone wants to sue you and take your tunic, let them have your cloak as well; and if someone forces you to go one mile, go with them two. Give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you.” “You have heard that it was said, ‘Love your neighbor and hate your enemy.' But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, that you may be sons of your Father in heaven. They cause Their sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. If you love those who love you, what reward will you get? Do not even tax collectors do the same? And if you greet only your brothers, what are you doing more than others? Do not even Gentiles do the same?” “Be perfect, therefore, as your Heavenly Father is perfect.”
For these ten reasons and more, I believe it is urgent for Christians, especially pastors, Bible college and seminary professors, moral theologians, and others, to prayerfully, carefully, and biblically wrestle with the question of whether arming up is consistent with a life of discipleship and Christ-like witness to the world.
If the Boston bombings tell us anything, they shout that faraway conflicts can home to America in frightening and tragic ways.
Chechnya, in distant Central Asia, has suddenly commanded public attention. What other regions produce terrorists that threaten Americans at home? And what can the Obama administration do to prevent distant disputes from literally detonating on American streets?
North Africa should be front and center. Every warning light is blinking red. The Benghazi attack on an American diplomatic outpost, which led to the death of the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans. The tragic hostage crisis at a gas plant in Southern Algeria. The French incursion into Mali (with U.S. help) to fight jihadists. The rise of extremist groups across the region. Every one of these events can be traced back to al Qaeda, in one affiliate form or another.
Meanwhile, the Obama Administration wants to disengage from danger zones—as if wars were 18th century gentleman's duels that are only fought by mutual consent. Instead, what is desperately needed is for Obama to engage with Africa to prevent Al Qaeda from seizing control in North Africa. They should start with America's strongest ally in the region, Morocco's king Mohammed VI, forge a partnership, and begin to transform the region. For a president in search of a legacy achievement, here it is. The first American president with an African-born father can be the one to revolutionize U.S. relations with the so-called “dark continent.”
Obama and the king already have a strong relationship as shown by last week's move at the United Nations, in which the president personally ensured that peace efforts between Morocco and the Polisario Front were not hijacked by activists and Obama supported the king's autonomy plan.
The cost of ignoring Africa is immense—and may be ultimately measured in American lives lost. Left unchecked, Al Qaeda affiliates in North Africa will soon be able to strike at Americans overseas and at home. Ignoring North Africa today is like ignoring Afghanistan in 1998, as Bin Laden's minions began to plan the September 11 attacks. North Africa is becoming the “new Afghanistan”—a string of toterring and largely ungoverned nations running from the Atlantic Ocean to the Red Sea.
“It is very clear to me that al-Qaeda intends to establish a presence in Tunisia,” said U.S. General Carter Ham, following talks with the new government there. Tunisia was the birthplace of the Arab Spring uprisings.
Al Qaeda is swarming across North Africa using a “southern strategy” of moving from the African Sahel through the Maghreb. Before the French push-back, Ansar Dine, the pro-Al Qaeda organization in Mali, had conquered 300,000 miles of territory in the north of the country.
Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, composed largely of Algerian Kabyle and Saharans, has holdings in Western Sahara, Niger, Chad, and now Libya. In Libya alone, AQIM leaders have allied with local jihadist movements and acquired massive amounts of weapons that belonged to the former Qaddafi regime.
Moving down the map, AQIM has partnered with “Polisario,” the separatist group in Algeria that claims half Morocco. Polisario has been providing them with weapons and training as well.
Not only is the Obama administration overlooking these gathering threats in North Africa, it is also ignoring key allies in the region, especially Morocco.
It is time for the Obama Administration to reverse course. What's needed now is a broader re-think of America's role in Africa. This means changing America's military, diplomatic and economic priorities.
Military. This would include actually moving the U.S. military's Africa Command (AFRICOM) from Stuttgart, Germany to Africa and giving it a quick reaction force that can be immediately deployed to rescue diplomats, aid workers and others. Training for local forces must be stepped up, intelligence cooperation improved, and military equipment shared or sold to friendly North African nations to fight al Qaeda and its affiliates. Moving AFRICOM to Morocco would be a good first step.
Diplomatic. A summit meeting between President Obama and Morocco's new reformist king, Mohammed VI, is in the works. It can use to forge a strategic relationship with the king and, working with other African allies, should be a starting point to create a new diplomatic architecture. Quite simply the U.S. has to stop seeing Africa as a source of oil and misery and instead see it as an important partner for promoting peace and economic growth.
Economic. The U.S. must continue to lower trade barriers with Africa and encourage “south-south” cross-border investment. Freer trade, privatization and foreign investment could transform Africa from being a continuous source of illegal migrants and armed militants into a dynamic society that re-channels its energy into wealth creation. Obviously this is a project that would take decades of patient work, much like the rebuilding of East Asia during the Cold War. But it can be done. In 1960, South Korea and Ghana had a virtually identical per capita income; today South Korea is one of the world's richest nations while Ghana remains poor. Morocco's growth, in excess of 5% per year, can serve as a model.
As Assistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson noted in a statement earlier this year, “It is my firm belief that Africa represents the next global economic frontier. Sub-Saharan Africa continues to weather the global economic crisis more successfully than other regions, and is home to six – and soon to be seven – of the ten fastest growing economies in the world.” Of course, these economies are growing from a small base.
There are already some encouraging signs based on Morocco's path-breaking example in electricity, pharmaceuticals, banks, and telecom construction. In each case, under the leadership of King Muhammad VI, Morocco made substantial investments in sub-Saharan African countries and is already enjoying positive results.
Morocco's National Office of Electricity will provide electricity to 550 rural villages and 360,000 people with light and hope. Morocco is taking its own successful experience in rural electrification to its neighbors and expects to earn a modest return as a result.
Morocco's pharmaceutical giant, Sothema, has opened a subsidiary in Dakar to manufacture generic drugs to treat the diseases that bedevil the world's poorest people: malaria, diarrheal diseases and cholera. Morocco's pharmaceutical industry is profitable and has learned to make money exporting carefully priced drugs in poor markets.
Morocco's leading banks: Banque Populaire (BCP), Attijariwafa Bank and Banque Marocaine du Commerce Exterior (BMCE) now have branches in some 20 African countries and often provide Africans with their very first bank account, As these banking relationships develop and more people become creditworthy, they are able to purchase otherand subsequent loans and investments bank products including loans and investments, thereby spurring economic growth. In each case,
The market is wide open. Fewer than 10% of Africans have bank accounts, leaving a lot of room for growth.but twenty years ago fewer than one in five Moroccans had a bank account, now more than 54% do.
By bringing more Africans into the capitalist system, America can help end long-term trends of illegal migration, Islamic terrorism, and drug trafficking.
Obama is a president with African roots, and Mohammad VI is a king focused on reform. Together these men and other African leaders could create a lasting legacy—by fighting extremism and providing economic freedom. However, if Obama fails to reinvigorate the U.S. relationships with Africa (starting with Morocco), we will have many more attacks like the one in Benghazi and Boston.
"Clean technologies" could generate more growth in innovation and the economy than fossil fuel based technologies, researchers report.
Clean technologies include smart devices including iPhones, renewable energy such as wind power and green transportation including electric cars. Fossil fuel based technologies include combustion engines, which currently power anything from vehicles to electricity generation.
The UK aims to move to a more energy efficient and low carbon economy in an effort to reduce emissions by at least 80 per cent by 2050. The Government has introduced legislation that supports innovative businesses that make products and services that are more environmentally friendly. However, some businesses and politicians have claimed that these policies disadvantage the UK, forcing companies to countries that have less stringent climate regulations.
The researchers from Imperial College Business School and the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) set out to determine whether climate policies had a detrimental effect on the economy and innovation. They found that policies aimed at encouraging innovation in businesses by using clean technologies, while displacing polluting ones, has a positive impact on economic growth. This is because clean technologies lead to more knowledge “spillovers”, which is when knowledge and research generated by one firm also benefits other firms.
The researchers say an example of where clean technology created by one company has created a knowledge spillover comes from the development of smart phones. Apple first introduced the now common “candy-bar” design, which has the screen and keypad on a single face. However, other manufacturers benefitted greatly from Apple's research and soon sold smart phones with similar designs. The team say that while spillovers may not be welcome by the companies involved, it can have a positive effect on growth, because it creates healthy competition, and is good for consumers, giving them more choice, which drives prices down.
The report shows that knowledge spillovers are more likely to happen in industries that are developing clean technologies. This is because these relatively new industries have more scope and opportunities to explore, innovate and develop new business models.
Dr Ralf Martin, the lead researcher from Imperial College Business School, said: “Our research paper shows that clean technologies are not only environmentally friendly but they have the potential to make businesses more innovative , which can lead to economic benefits, especially if support is targeted at radical clean technologies that avoid fossil fuels altogether. Clean technologies are a relatively untapped source of wealth for countries all over the world. They could have a transformative impact on the global economy in a similar way that Information and Communications technologies did.”
The research also found that clean industries that are clustered in the same region benefit more from knowledge spillovers. The researchers speculate that being physically close one another enables these industries to exchange information, which may stimulate spillovers. The researchers suggest that climate policies that encourage clean technology clusters may stimulate knowledge spillovers, which could lead to greater economic growth, instead of the previously predicted exodus of companies to countries with fewer climate regulations.
Maxine Myers caught up with Dr Ralf Martin to talk about the findings in an audio interview. The pair discusses the report findings and what lessons government can learn in the run up to next year's general election.
Download a copy of Ralf Martin's paper (pdf)
A South African man Emlyn Culverwell and their Ukrainian fiancée have been jailed in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates for more than a month after it was found they were expecting their first child out of wedlock.
Culverwell, 27, from Port Alfred in Eastern Cape, had rushed their fiancée Iryna Nohai, 26, to Medeor Medical Centre on January 29, after they complained of stomach cramp.
Culverwell and their fiancee were subsequently arrested by police authorities after the doctor announced that Nohai was carrying a child. More so, it was found that the lovers had no marriage certificate.
Being unmarried‚ the couple had transgressed the United Arab Emirates' morality laws. They were taken to Yas Police Station and then later to Al Wathba Prison.
Under the perspective of Sharia law, Nohai's guilt is called “Zina”, which is an Islamic term for extramarital sex. According to traditional jurisprudence, Zina can include fornication (of unmarried parties), adultery (of married parties), prostitution, bestiality, and rape.
Read Also: Here Are 10 Things People Don't Do In A Mature Relationship
Under Sharia legal system, offenders could be locked up for months or a minimum of one year or could be flogged. On the other hand, the offence could lead to outright imprisonment or deportation, as stipulated in UAE laws.
Reports have it that the couple started their courtship after Culverwell met their fiancee in Abu Dhabi, where they worked as an administrative officer.
Emlyn Culverwell moved to the UAE five years ago to work as a water rescue operative at Yas Waterworld. They studied in Port Elizabeth and lived in Port Alfred for several years and was an active NSRI member.
Their mother, Linda Culverwell is currently petitioning for authorities to help their son and their fiancee. They said the incidence has left them traumatized; adding that their son is an active and health-oriented man by nature.
They lamented that the couple was denied bail‚ denied any state-appointed legal representation and were not charged when they appeared before a judge once.
Worst of all, they claimed that the same judge refused to grant their marriage request when Emlyn Culverwell and Iryna Nohai demanded to get married in Prison.
The traumatized mother, who was recently admitted to a hospital for observation said they only wants their safety and that of the baby – if Nohai is truly pregnant. Linda had earlier expressed worry that Nohai's stomach cramp could have been signs of a miscarriage.
In the meantime, Culverwell's colleague has lifted the lid on why the couple is yet to be charged. They said the reason is that Nohai is still undergoing a test to determine the paternity of the baby‚ the HIV status and how long Noahi has been sexually active.
Linda Culverwell has also revealed that the Ukraine Embassy is trying hard to intervene and is pushing for them to get married, adding that Amnesty International‚ Foreign Affairs and Human Rights have not been helpful after they narrated them plight.
The traumatized mother says they feel Nohai's being violated.
“I find it so degrading‚ I have worked my whole life in the medical field and I know there is no such test. The poor girl gave no consent for this. They must feel so violated‚ they must feel raped‚” they said.
Meanwhile, the SA Department of International Relations and Cooperation media liaison spokesperson Nelson Kgwete told reporters that the department is aware of the matter but that the government cannot assist the couple because they were prosecuted in terms of UAE laws.
See Also: 23-Year-Old Man Who Allegedly Killed And Ate Their Victim Dies In Hospital
“The South African government is aware of the case but unfortunately cannot provide legal assistance. As [the] department all we can do is monitor the situation and try to ensure that they are fairly treated,” Kgwete said.
They said it's left for the couple to appoint legal representation. Since their arrest‚ a manager from Yas Waterworld has been able to see Emlyn and Nohai – and both are reportedly doing fine.
While the family is working out ways to get the couple out of jail, Linda Culverwell says “the only thing Emlyn Culverwell and Iryna Nohai did which was wrong, was to fall in love.”
Attorney General Loretta Lynch tells us that their meeting with Bill Clinton aboard a private jet on the Phoenix airport tarmac was "primarily social"—you know, just two Democrats swapping stories about their grandkids and whatnot.
The nation's top law enforcement official and the former president and husband of the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee—who is under federal investigation—had a talk. Rather than conceding that such a private encounter is at the very least a conflict of interest, Democrats preemptively complained about the "optics." Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del), for instance, told CNN that Lynch "should have steered clear" and that the meeting "sends the wrong signal."
What signal is that? Do Coons and every other politician "groaning" about the optics of the meeting understand that they're arguing for Lynch to recuse themselves from the Clinton investigation? As Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.)—who's been pushing for a special counsel for a while—pointed out, there is a clear ethical duty for attorneys general to recuse themselves at the mere appearance of impartiality—a standard that this little meeting clearly meets.
As stated in the U.S. Attorneys' Manual, "The requirement of recusal does not arise in every instance, but only where a conflict of interest exists or there is an appearance of a conflict of interest or loss of impartiality."
Acknowledging that the meeting was bad "optics" is a way for Democrats to intimate that while some rubes might get the wrong idea, there's really nothing unethical about it. But they can't know that's true, can they? One of the parties involved is Bill Clinton, who has already been impeached for lying under oath and obstructing justice. The other is Lynch, who has politicized virtually every major case under their watch.
David Axelrod, Obama's chief political advisor, tweeted: "I take (Loretta Lynch) & (Bill Clinton) at their word that their convo in Phoenix didn't touch on probe. But foolish to create such optics." And it's Axelrod's prerogative to take the two at their word. "All I can say is Loretta Lynch is one of the most outstanding human beings I've ever known," Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) told reporters. "Her ethics are above reproach. No one could ever question their strong feelings about the rule of law, and their ethics are the best." Sen. Chuck Schumer added: "So, you have two choices, to say this didn't matter, or they are lying. I think it didn't matter."
Lynch might be Mother Teresa for all we know, but we still have ethical codes for a reason. Any truly impartial attorney general would have said to the former president, "Why don't we table this meeting until after the high-profile, politically charged criminal investigation of your wife is over." Would that really have been so difficult?
Moreover, it's not like these two randomly bumped into each other shopping at the grocery store or picking up dry cleaning. People don't have a lot of "impromptu meetings" in private jets sitting on airport tarmacs. As ABC15 Arizona reported, Clinton arrived to the airport to depart, heard Lynch was en route to that airport and then waited for their arrival. Maybe it was just dumb luck that this happened only a day before the Benghazi report was released by Congress, and a few days after the Associated Press published another 165 pages of emails then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sent via their unsanctioned and unsecure private email server and did not want anyone to see. Or perhaps, as their wife's stories are becoming increasingly impossible to believe, Bill Clinton felt the need to say a few words to the attorney general overseeing the criminal investigations? Whatever the case, the appearance of a conflict of interest or loss of impartiality is clearly present.
But given the way this administration treats the law, we can safely assume Lynch will never recuse herself. And that refusal to recuse will give millions of Americans who already assume the Department of Justice will let Hillary slide no matter where the evidence leads quite a bit of evidence of corruption in the Obama DOJ. And if you're Hillary Clinton—and you are truly innocent—Bill's little get-together creates even more questions about your shady conduct. Mostly, though, if you want to know why Americans don't trust their government, this meeting is a pristine example.
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM
According to Cleveland.com, the Cleveland Cavaliers are interested in adding a seasoned veteran to the roster who could bring wisdom and incredible experience to the locker room. Also, they could play solid minutes off the bench for the Cleveland Cavaliers, whose bench was weak last season. The Cavaliers had the worst scoring bench in the NBA in 2014, scoring just 23.8 points per game. The next closest was the Orlando Magic with 26.5.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are pursuing veteran small forward Tayshaun Prince. The Cleveland Cavaliers have had interest in Prince throughout this year's free agency period. In fact, the Cavaliers reached out to Tayshaun soon after free agency began, but no deal came close to agreement.
The Cleveland Cavaliers have been active this offseason, as they resign most of their roster, which includes Iman Shumpert, Kevin Love, LeBron James, Matthew Dellavedova, and James Jones. The Cleveland Cavaliers also are looking to bring back Tristan Thompson and J.R. Smith.
Greg Swartz, of Bleacher Report, says that the Cleveland Cavaliers will need to manage LeBron James's minutes better this season. Tayshaun Prince could help take some of the load off LeBron's shoulders. Prince is a solid defender and continues to score in this league at 35 years old. Last season, Prince scored 7.5 points in just 24 minutes per game with the Memphis Grizzlies, Detroit Pistons, and Boston Celtics.
Tayshaun Prince fits into the mold of the usual Cavalier bench player; they are physical and is a great shooter from long range. In fact, last season Tayshaun shot 45 percent from beyond the arc. Also, Prince has played most of their career with contending teams so they would have experience coming down the stretch next season.
Earlier this month, the Cleveland Cavaliers signed a veteran small forward in Richard Jefferson. But it is doubtful that they are enough insurance for Cleveland at the small forward position.
As previously reported by the Inquisitr, the Cleveland Cavaliers plan to add a few more pieces, and Tayshaun Prince could be one of those for a minimal price. Other players the Cleveland Cavaliers have been rumored to be interested in are Landry Fields, Dorell Wright, Rasual Butler, Shawne Williams, Hedo Turkoglu, Michael Beasley, and Jordan Hamilton.
Do you think the Cleveland Cavaliers will make a transaction in order to acquire Tayshaun Prince? If not, what other moves do you see the Cavaliers making before the NBA season begins in October?
[Image Source: Stacy Revere/Getty Images]
Amongst other things, Norwegian-French Joly pointed out the lack of coherence between Norway's rainforest commitment on the one hand, and its Sovereign Wealth Fund and Norsk Hydro's investments in Brazil on the other.
They voiced the need for Miljøpartiet De Grønne when it came to avoiding situations such as these.
“It's a Party with real concern regarding indigenous people, climate change, and the future. It cares about people, not just the greed of the multinationals,” said Joly.
They also talked about how traditional political blocs demonstrate the need for a new, green axis in Norwegian and European politics.
“The Rightists and Socialists have the same problem. They lead a policy from the previous century. Our standard of living has been based on exploiting of other parts of the world. We need to see the relationship between Norway and Brazil. We must create a model that is valid worldwide. That is why the fight against tax havens, which I have led for fifteen years, is more than ever,” Joly declared.
Eva Joly is MEP for Europe Écologie, and former presidential candidate for Norway Miljøpartiet De Grønne's French sister party, Europe Écologie-Les Verts.
An old friend of mine, a prolific blogger, recently embarked on search for a new job.
They were sending their resume a long to a handful of places and it was important to them that they be able to track which of them clicked through to their blog URL from their resume.
It would act as an early indicator for a successful job application, as once they saw their blog, they'd want them for sure! (He's now gainfully employed by the way).
Theirs idea–create a unique landing page for each resume they sent along. Decent idea, but not terribly original. A lot of people do this.
This is what I suggested they do instead:
Add this snippet to their WordPress theme…
<?php if( $_GET["utm_campaign"] && $_GET["message"]=="yes" ) { echo "<h2 style='color: red; text-align: center;'>Thanks for reading my resume ". $_GET['utm_campaign']. "!<br />Click around and get a sense of who I am.<br /></h2>"; } ?> 1 2 3 4 5 & lt ; ? php if ( $_GET [ & quot ; utm_campaign & quot ; ] & amp ; & amp ; $_GET [ & quot ; message & quot ; ] == & quot ; yes & quot ; ) { echo & quot ; & lt ; h2 style = 'color: red; text-align: center;' & gt ; Thanks for reading my resume & quot ; . $_GET [ 'utm_campaign' ] . & quot ; ! & lt ; br / & gt ; Click around and get a sense of who I am . & lt ; br / & gt ; & lt ; / h2 & gt ; & quot ; ; } ? & gt ;
Placement for this depends on your WordPress template, but in all likelyhood, should go in your header.php file within your theme directory.
For each resume they send, add a redirect to their .htaccess file:
Redirect 302 /companyname/ https://searchwilderness.com/?utm_source=resume&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=Company%20Name&message=yes
(he needs to change “Company%20Name” to the name of the company they are sending their resume to)
Then, they need to link to /companyname/ on each resume they send out.
For example: https://searchwilderness.com/companyname
This way, whenever someone clicks though to their blog from a resume they sent out, it will redirect to a URL that is tracked via a UTM parameter and will also display a message like this:
My reasoning for doing this:
It's a little faster than creating a unique landing page for each company you are applying to.
It allows for tracking and personalizes their website for the company they are applying for, but doesn't detract from the overall experience of this blog.
Helps them stand out from the pool of applicants
Isn't a cliche landing page.
Shows and ounce of technical experience and originality.
Analytics Campaign Tracking + Personalization for Job Search Success!
I originally shared this tip in my newsletter, which I'd like to encourage people to sign-up for. You can sign up here.
An arms race to be controlled
The global trade in major conventional weapons such as missiles, aircraft, ships or tanks reached their highest volume for any five-year period since the end of the Cold War in 2012-2016. MEPs are alarmed that this global arms race fuels military solutions to conflicts rather than diplomatic ones.
This also affects Europe as a number of such conflicts take place in its immediate neighbourhood.
“We're not just talking about peace or Europe's image, we are talking about the lives of our citizens,“ said Bodil Valero, a Swedish member of the Greens/EFA group who was responsible for drafting the Parliaments recommendations, in a debate in plenary on 12 September.
Defence industries in the EU produce and sell anything from light weapons to ammunition, submarines and radar and radio systems. In several cases EU weapons sold to authoritarian regimes were known to have been used in civil wars and ended up with terrorists groups. The EU is the second biggest arms exporter, but at the same time EU countries have set for themselves the only legally binding region-wide arrangement on conventional arms exports.
“The criteria are rather good already, but the problem is that the countries do not fulfil them,” said Valero on why the Parliament approved a resolution that calls for an upgrade of EU arms exports controls and the possibility to sanction member states that do not comply with the minimum requirements.
Not all MEPs agree, however, with the need to add criteria to the Council Common position or with the creation of a supervisory body as proposed in the Parliament's resolution. “Pakistan, North Korea, China is where we should focus our attention. None of these countries are signatories to the UN arms trade treaty while all EU member states are,” said Geoffrey van Orden, a UK member of the ECR group during the plenary debate.
EU arms export in numbers
Five EU countries feature among the top 10 arms exporters: France, Germany, the UK, Spain and Italy. In 2015 the EU countries taken together were the world's second largest arms supplier with 26% of global exports of major conventional weapons. Behind the USA with 33% and before Russia with 23%. Remarkably, only about 15% of EU arms export is for the internal market. This illustrates how much the prosperity of the EU's defence industries is tied to exports outside the EU. The Middle East was by far the most important destination for EU arms exports in 2015. “How can it be that 40% of our exports go the Middle East, which is a powder keg?,” said Valero.
Impose arms embargo on Saudi Arabia
In the resolution, the Parliament calls on the EU's foreign policy chief Federia Mogherini to impose an EU arms embargo on Saudi Arabia. Speaking in plenary on 12 September, Valero - the MEP who drafted the resolution, said: “There is a clear link between the sales of weapons to Saudi Arabia, the fact that Saudi Arabia is financing mosques in Europe and also radicalising people in these mosques. But it is not just a question of Saudi Arabia and the financing of radical mosques in Europe that is the issue here, it is also a question of the fact that Saudi Arabia is providing weapons to Al Qaida, the Nusra Front, to Daesh. They get access to these weapons and they are terrorist groups. This is something we can never accept."
Nintendo global president Satoru Iwata is facing some tough times. Even though the company unveiled the Wii U just days ago, he's facing a slipping stock price and confusion regarding the new platform. Now he's saying the system might not be as value priced as previous Nintendo systems.
CVG reports that Iwata – who has said they expect the Wii U to be priced at more than 20,000 yen in Japan ($250) – admitted of the console's price: "This is not going to be cheap."
Of course, when you've got the controller that the Wii U has, this isn't a surprise, especially considering that the 20GB PS3 debuted at $499 and the Xbox 360 (w/HDD) originally cost $399. The Wii itself cost $250 at launch. But Nintendo may find itself in a difficult place with the Wii U after becoming known for its lower-cost platforms through the years. Assuming there are no further price cuts for the competition's systems before the Wii U comes out in 2012, Nintendo would be facing the Xbox 360 that starts at $199 (4GB version) and a PS3 that starts at $299 (160GB).
Iwata has also admitted that they think the Wii U's launch could have gone better and created less confusion. "Because we put so much emphasis on the controller, there appeared to be some misunderstandings," they told The Evening Standard. "We should have made more effort to explain how it works." Nintendo did run through some tech demos explaining what the controller is capable of, but some thought the lack of actual games for the platform hurt its unveiling.
Iwata also said that some people weren't even sure if Wii U was a new handheld or home console because of the emphasis on the controller. "We haven't made any kind of blunder, but I should have shown a single picture of the new console, then started talking about the controller." Despite Iwata's belief that showing the Wii U console (shown above) itself would allay confusion, they then turned around and played down the console anyway. "The console is not drastically different, and Wii U is about the controller. The console itself will be almost invisible."
DETROIT – Throughout the years Joe Louis Arena has played host to many colossal hockey games, though most have been reserved for epic battles in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Wednesday night's pivotal contest against Philadelphia will arguably be the Red Wings' biggest regular-season home game since 1990 when they last missed the postseason.
This year's playoff scenario is simple, at least in theory: beat Philadelphia and Boston – on back-to-back nights – and the Red Wings punch their ticket to a remarkable 25th consecutive playoff appearance.
Regulation losses in one or both games won't necessarily disqualify the Wings, but they'll need outside help to get in.
Currently, the Wings are tied in points with Philadelphia, who have a game in hand on Detroit. After Wednesday, the Wings end their season with road games at Boston on Thursday and at the New York Rangers on Saturday.
Meanwhile, the Bruins' final three games are all at home, beginning tonight against Carolina. Boston has 90 points, one behind the Wings for third place in the Atlantic Division. The Bruins host Ottawa in Saturday's finale.
“Two things, it's enjoying the moment, this is the time of year where it's fun. Every game matters,” Red Wings coach Jeff Blashill said. “Game No. 1 mattered as much as this one does. It's just that these get magnified. Let's enjoy this, let's enjoy this great opportunity we have in front of us but let's also focus on the process of what it takes to be successful.”
This will mark the fourth straight year the Wings head to the last week of the season with a cloud hanging over their playoff hopes. Last season, Detroit clinched in Game 81 at Montreal. The year before that the Wings qualified in Game 80 at Pittsburgh, and in the season finale at Dallas in 2013.
The Wings can't clinch on Wednesday but with so much at stake it is the most meaningful home game this late in the season since March 27, 1990.
That season, the Buffalo Sabres claimed a 6-5 victory at JLA to eliminate the Wings in the third from last game of the regular season. It was the last time they missed the playoffs.
Detroit's current postseason streak is an anomaly in today's NHL salary cap era, longer than the combined active streaks that the Penguins (nine), Blackhawks (seven) and Rangers (five) produced prior to this season.
The Wings' active string of playoff berths is also the longest of any of the four major pro sports leagues in North America.
The San Antonio Spurs have clinched a playoff spot for a 19th straight season – the longest active streak in the National Basketball Association. At seven years each, the New England Patriots and Green Bay Packers have the best active playoff streaks in the National Football League. And in baseball, the St. Louis Cardinals are owners of the longest current postseason run at five straight years.
Over the past month most, if not all, the Wings have been asked about the franchise's streak, which began before nine of the current players were even born.
Henrik Zetterberg, who has let it be known in past weeks that the streak would not be snapped under their captaincy, was more insistent.
“For us it's this season, making the playoffs this season, and if we do that automatically the streak will move on,” they said.
For others, the push doesn't feel any different than recent years.
“No, it's been the same feeling for several years now, playing until the final day of the regular season and making the push in the playoffs,” goalie Jimmy Howard said. “We did a good job over the weekend and now we have to get ready for Philly Wednesday night.”
AUGUST 6--As if the members of Pranknet couldn't get creepier, The Smoking Gun has learned that one of the online cabal's leading vandals was once convicted of raping a five-year-old girl in the bathroom of a Texas church.
James Tyler Markle, 18, pleaded guilty to aggravated sexual assault of a child and was sentenced in 2005 to a minimum two years in custody. According to a source familiar with the case, Markle, a minor at the time, attacked the girl in September 2004 at the First Baptist Church in Diboll (Markle lives in the Texas city; the girl was visiting relatives there).
When the child, who was attending Sunday services, got up to use the bathroom, Markle followed them into the room and sexually assaulted them A source told TSG that Markle warned the girl that they would kill their parents if they did not comply with him. After the assault, they warned the girl not to tell anyone about the attack or their parents would hate them forever.
According to Texas Youth Commission records, copies of which you'll find here, Markle was released from the Crockett State School, a youth detention facility, in December 2007 after serving about 30 months in custody. One of the commission documents was authored by the administrator of the state organization's Sex Offender Registration unit.
As detailed in an August 4 TSG story, Markle has committed an assortment of telephone pranks that have resulted in significant damage to U.S. businesses and is the subject of at least two criminal investigations. TSG has identified them as the Pranknet member responsible for a vile July 20 incident in which they convinced a Kentucky hotel worker to drink the urine of a male guest.
They also placed a July 5 prank call to an Arby's in Baytown, Texas that resulted in $4600 in damages. Markle pulled the Arby's prank in tandem with Shawn Powell, a 24-year-old felon who also happens to be a convicted sex offender (Powell's victim was an eight-year-old female relative).
Markle, whose home phone number was disconnected after TSG's initial story was published (and who just closed their personal Skype account), could not be reached for comment. In a story today in the Lufkin Daily News, Markle denied involvement in the Pranknet crimes, claiming that, "I'm a good person. I haven't done anything wrong. ... I don't go anywhere. All I do is go to church and home." (3 pages)
The robots are coming! Eagerly awaited doc to be shown in the UK on February 19
Daft Punk Unchained is set to get its premiere in the UK later this month.
Following a screening in London last September, the documentary will air at 10pm on BBC4 next Friday (February 19).
The film documents key moments in Daft Punk‘s career, from starting out in Paris to their now infamous performance at Coachella in 2006 and of course, their Grammys win for ‘Random Access Memories' back in 2014.
It was originally announced in June 2014 that Daft Punk would be the subject of a new TV documentary, produced by BBC Worldwide France. The film was first premiered on French TV station Canal+ in June.
Directed by Hervé Martin Delpierre and co-written with Marina Rozenman, it also features guest appearances from Giorgio Moroder, Todd Edwards, Pete Tong and more.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
A press release states: “Daft Punk Unchained is the first film about the pop culture phenomenon that is Daft Punk… This documentary explores this unprecedented cultural revolution revealing a duo of artists on a permanent quest for creativity, independence and freedom.
Gettyr
“Between fiction and reality, magic and secret, future and reinvention, theatricality and humility, The Robots have built a unique world. The film combines rare archive footage as well as exclusive interviews with their closest collaborators.”
The duo, Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel De Homem-Christo, released their most recent album ‘Random Access Memories' in 2013.
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=3452119703001
Schools may still be out for the summer in North Carolina, but thousands of educators in the Tar Heel State have spent much of July and August rallying in opposition to devastating cuts to public education. Teachers, education support professionals, parents, and school administrators have come out in droves in massive public protests, and many have gone to jail over it, too.
Governor Pat McCrory's state budget guts half a billion dollars from schools, leaving fewer teachers, textbooks, supplies and school busses to support a growing student population, and—without a pay increase—a faltering education profession.
“Education cuts never heal,” said Amy Harrison, a special education teacher in Guilford County. “We may not see the immediate effects of these cuts this year or the next, but 10 to 15 years down the road when students are in college or entering the workforce that's when we'll see them.”
What will be immediate are the 9,000 education positions that will be purged, along with the cap on class sizes and more than 10,000 Pre-K slots and the cap on class sizes.
Protests have been organized by the NAACP every Monday since late April. Called Moral Mondays, these marches have drawn thousands of people from across the state and have given educators a platform to tell the governor and the conservative legislature that they're destroying public education.
North Carolina has enjoyed a long history of innovative and progressive policies that served as a catalyst for great public schools. But with McCrory's new budget, the state is kowtowing to the likes of the Koch brothers and other special interest groups that have done little to improve public education for every student—similar to what is happening in Wisconsin, Florida, and Indiana.
“We as North Carolinians voted in a governor that we thought would be moderate. Their decision and legislation thus far has mirrored everything that is bad for public education,” said Chuck Hennessee, a teacher from Chapel Hill. They added that the governor has been taking counsel from the John Locke Foundation, a conservative think tank, and Art Pope, budget director for the governor. Both are known to follow the extreme agenda of the Koch brothers.
The budget is set to eliminate textbook funding by $77.4 million, classroom supply funding by $45.7 million and limited English proficiency by $6 million. Moreover, $50 million will go toward private school vouchers, leaving too many students behind, as public schools make a commitment to all children while private schools pick the crème de la crème.
The budget also squanders away resources meant to attract and retain highly effective educators.
The Teaching Fellows Program, for example, will no longer be funded. This program was once considered a national model for recruiting teachers into the classroom. Brad Rhew, a third year science and social studies in Forsyth County, is a graduate of the program. They say it was a great way to stay in North Carolina and go into the teaching profession, primed and ready.
“You were put into some intensive trainings and workshops and given classroom experience,” they said. “I felt so prepared to go into the profession when I graduated because of the program. However, our government decided that the program wasn't needed.”
Adding insult to injury, educators will go another year without a pay raise. The governor insists educators have seen an increase when they earned a 1 percent pay hike last year. But when you factor in inflation and rising insurance premiums, the pay increase didn't amount to much.
In fact, North Carolina's teaching salary has been spiraling toward the bottom for years. In 2005-2006, the state ranked 27th in the nation in teacher pay at $43,922, according to the National Education Association's Rankings and Estimates. Last year, it dropped to 46th place at $45,947.
And the insult comes here: In January, soon after McCrory was sworn into office, they gave top cabinet officials a hefty salary increase. The governor said to the NewsObserver, “I'm trying to make it at least where they can afford to live while running multibillion-dollar departments.”
Yet, many North Carolina educators work two jobs to make ends meet. Harrison is one of them.
“We haven't had a substantial pay raise since 2008. I work a second job. I'm going to have to look at my finances and see if I have to work more [hours] at my second job,” they said. “I understand the need to be fiscally responsible, but at the same time you can't say, ‘Oh we're going to be fiscally responsible with education, but not with other things.' It needs to be fair.”
It's reasonably safe to say, educators are smart people. And because of their smarts, they don't like to be duped, which is what many say the governor is trying to do.
Nashonda Cooke, an elementary school teacher in Durham, said, “There's a hidden agenda. What our governor is doing is the very beginning steps of privatizing education. He's trying to make it difficult for us to be successful in the classroom.”
And it's this situation, along with the other issues (gun safety, voter suppression, and employment benefits) that has moved North Carolinians to show up to Moral Mondays.
What's next for the Tar Heel State? They're taking it to the polls.
“It's like a giant who doesn't feel it has any opposition until the opposition shows up,” said Rhew. “This isn't going away. There are going to be people protesting until the next election. Hopefully, most of the people who pushed this through will not have a nice, comfy seat in Raleigh.”
See also: Art Pope's Mission to Take the ‘Public' Out of Public Education
by
ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds) are the “hot” investing product. Fund companies are tripping over themselves to bring new ETFs to the marketplace. This reminds me a lot of the mid to late 90s and the proliferation of new mutual funds. While the number of ETFs is lower, the growth in new products is still high.
Traditionally most ETFs have been index products. The new frontier is actively managed ETFs. Several providers have filed for approval to offer active ETFs, no doubt buoyed by the success of the ETF version of PIMco's popular Total Return bond fund (tickers BOND for the ETF and PTTRX for the fund).
I have been a big user of ETFs in the portfolios of my individual clients. To date I've used index ETFs exclusively. The low cost and style purity are the big selling points in my opinion.
Just as with mutual funds or any other investment vehicle, investors need to do their homework before buying an ETF. Here are 4 factors to consider:
Understand the ETF's underlying index
Beware of ETFs with somewhat suspect underlying indexes. According to Chuck Jaffe in a MarketWatch article several months ago, a Vanguard report found that “1,400 U.S. listed ETFs track more than 1,000 different indexes. But more than half of these benchmarks had existed for less than six months before an ETF came along to track it.”
Many of these new ETFs rely on the hypothetical back-testing of these new indexes. While history is not always a good predictor of future performance, I like to see an ETF with an underlying index that has been “battle tested” in the real world.
Even among ETFs tracking more traditional indexes there can be differences. For example in the Large Cap Growth style:
iShares Russell 1000 Growth ETF (IWF) tracks the Russell 1000 Growth Index, the growth slice of the Russell 1000 Index.
Vanguard's Growth ETF (VUG) is in the process of switching index benchmarks as part of an overall switch of benchmark providers by Vanguard across many of its index mutual funds and ETFs. The new provider's index will remain a bit different from the Russell index used by the Barclay's ishares product.
The Schwab U.S. Large Growth Index (SCHG) tracks Dow Jones U.S. Large-Cap Growth Total Stock Market Index, with a smaller market cap than the benchmark index of the other two ETFs. Additionally the Schwab ETF has higher weighting in financial stocks than most other Large Growth indexes.
To most investors these are fairly subtle differences, but nonetheless each of these Large Growth ETFs will exhibit slightly different performance during different market conditions.
Leverage and inverse indexing
Not all ETFs make sense for all investors. There are a number of ETFs that move inversely with a given benchmark. For example there are ETFs that move in the opposite direction of the S&P 500 index. What many investors fail to understand is that these movements are tied to the markets on a daily basis, over longer periods of time the performance may not be as closely tied to the inverse performance of the index due to the use of derivatives in these products.
Leveraged index ETFs are available both long and inverse. These ETFs multiply the movement of the index both up and down. This is great if you've “bet” in the right direction. However if for example you hold a leveraged ETF that goes 3 times inverse of the S&P 500 Index during a market rally the ETF will drop in value roughly 3 times as much as the gains on the S&P 500.
There is nothing wrong with either inverse or leveraged ETFs as long as you understand how they work, when and when not to use them, and are comfortable with the risks. In my opinion these products are not appropriate for most individual investors.
Know what you are buying
With the advent of “funky” index products as mentioned above and with the growth of actively managed ETFs, investors really need to understand where they are investing their money more than ever.
ETF providers are just like mutual fund providers (in fact many firms offer both) in that they are about gathering assets and making a profit. There is nothing wrong with this, but make sure that you invest based upon your needs and unique situation and that you ignore their hype, especially about “new and better” ETFs.
Cheap is good
One of the great features about ETFs has generally been their low expense ratios. Just as with mutual funds and any other investment vehicle the cost of ownership is critical, cheaper is better.
Along these same lines there is an ETF price war going on. The major players are Vanguard, Barclay's (via their ishares), and Schwab who is trying to make inroads into the ETF business. It is key to make sure that the ETF product fits your needs and your portfolio, don't just opt for the lowest expense product.
It is also important to note the transaction fees involved in buying ETFs. Remember ETFs trade like stocks during the trading day as opposed to mutual funds which trade daily after the market close. A number of custodians offer no transaction fee trades for certain ETFs. Look at how you will be investing. Will you make larger lump-sum purchases? If so, paying a transaction fee for an ETF really won't make much of an impact. However, if you will be making smaller purchases, say via dollar-cost averaging, it pays to look around.
Do you use ETFs? Please leave a comment about your experiences with ETFs both good or bad.
Please contact me with any thoughts or suggestions about anything you've read here at The Chicago Financial Planner. Don't miss any future posts, please subscribe via email. Please check out our resources page as well.
Photo credit: Wikipedia
Share this post:
I'm excited about a new node package that I was introduced to this past week! One of my colleagues, the venerable German Attanasio, introduced me to a Node.js package that he, along with this team, have created to simplify Watson Service development on Bluemix. This weekend I decided to sit down and play with the new package.
You can find the watson-developer-cloud package on npmjs.com. As indicated in the package documentation, it is currently alpha quality and not recommended for production. Nonetheless, the watson-developer-cloud package is impressive and extremely simplifies embedding cognitive services into a node application.
Running an example on your laptop
The sample code below demonstrates how straightforward it is to create a question answer service using restify and the watson-developer-cloud. If you want the code to run yourself, I've hosted it as GitHub project WDCRestifyExample.
[gist https://gist.github.com/tankcdr/82e841a77514708bae75 /]
Line 3 is where the watson-developer-cloud package is initialized using variable wdc .
I used wdc to create a question answer service on lines 6-11. The user name and password will come from a service binding in your Bluemix account. See instructions in one of my previous blog entries and follow the process to create your credentials. Just copy the credentials from you service binding into the file. Also, I am using the travel corpus in this example, so I set dataset to ‘travel'.
On line 20, the Question Answer service is invoked using the ask(options, callback) method. The options, in this case, simply sets the text to the question to be asked. The callback accepts either an error or a positive response.
To test the service, I used curl as shown below.
[gist https://gist.github.com/tankcdr/64547a7eed67dda6c3fe /]
Running the example on Bluemix
Ok, so now let's convert this example to run on Bluemix. The first thing I want to do is create a Question Answer service in Bluemix. You may use the Bluemix console or the Cloud Foundry tools. I use the latter on my laptop and here is how I created my service.
[gist 649b01e4057675b21f8b /]
Next, I want to create the manifest YAML to describe the service to Bluemix. Here is what it looks like:
[gist f74f433d4d2549d2d3b3 /]
On line 3, I specify the service name to bind to: cmmqa. ‘cmmqa' was created in the previous step. I set the name of this application to ‘wdctravel'.
Now its time to convert the service to run on Bluemix! For easy reference, I've hosted the code on GitHub as project WDCRestifyBluemixExample. To run in Bluemix, I modified the service code to use the VCAP_SERVICE variable as shown next.
[gist 4c4c4bd94ab6b27870bd/]
The code is very similar except that I've removed the username and password from the Question Answer service initialization in line 6-10. However, I did add the parameter use_vcap_services and set that to true. That instructs the watson-developer-cloud package to use the Bluemix VCAP_SERVICES environment variable to obtain binding credentials.
The other change is at line 29 where I used the process.env.VCAP_APP_PORT to configure the service to use that port instead of 8080.
Finally, I push the service to Bluemix (cf push) and test it with curl.
[gist 690fee756aeb7a2aabe0 /]
Conclusion
The watson-developer-cloud package is a new Node.js package that simplifies integration of Node.js applications with the Watson Services. While currently in alpha, it is extremely useful and allows for rapid delivery of cognitive-powered Node.js applications. So, what are you waiting for? Install it and get started using it! Even better, let's build this package as a community effort!
CLEVELAND ― To say that the rollout of Sarah Palin as Sen. John McCain's running mate in 2008 didn't go as planned would be putting it gently. In reality, it was a series of headaches and communications mishaps culminating in near calamity for the Republican Party.
An unknown governor from Alaska, Palin was engulfed by a highly curious, slightly vulturous press corps. Stories popped up about their husband belonging to the Alaska Independence Party. It was revealed that she'd been investigated for an alleged vendetta against the head of the state police. It was revealed that their daughter was unwed and pregnant. The McCain campaign struggled to explain how being the “commander of the National Guard” of Alaska gave their foreign policy experience. Two prominent Republican consultants were caught on a live mic trashing them NPR called it a “Full-Fledged Feeding Frenzy.”
As the date of Palin's speech at the GOP convention neared, there was a sense that their vice presidential candidacy was imploding at the very moment it was supposed to launch.
In the midst of this misfire, however, Democrats were nervous. Not just because they're preternaturally wired to be so. Officials fretted that the expectations for Palin had been set so painfully low that, were they simply to remain upright during their convention speech, she'd win applause. The Obama campaign itself was more sanguine. But even they felt that Palin was being set up for a cushy reception, heavy on sympathy for the week of hell she'd just endured.
“I think there was an assumption that with expectations where they were, she'd be able to put together a good speech,” said Tommy Vietor, an Obama campaign spokesperson that year who had gone to the location of the GOP convention to do counter-programming. “I don't think there was any expectation she'd be as good and as strong as they are.”
Not only did Palin manage to stand in place for those 45 minutes. As Vietor noted, they delivered an address far more memorable than the one McCain would give a night later. The rave reviews that Democrats anticipated began flowing in.
Eight years later, a similar set of events appears to be unfolding in a similar setting.
A difficult month of press coverage for Donald Trump, compounded by their distinctly off-the-cuff speaking style and a slightly off-key rollout for their vice presidential nominee, has fed expectations that the next few days in Cleveland could go poorly. And Democrats like Paul Begala, an adviser to Hillary Clinton's super PAC, are worrying once more that a Republican candidate is being graded “on a curve” ― that in Trump's case, the mere absence of a racially tinged line in their speech or the simple routine of getting through a convention evening without a mishap will be hailed as a sign of presidential timber.
“Reading words off a screen qualifies you to pass third grade, not handle the nuclear codes,” said Begala via email. “Donald Trump has spent more time on camera before running for President than any politician except Ronald Reagan.  They are a showman, and the convention is their show. Other settings challenge them more ― think debates. But standing before an adoring crowd is not actually the hardest part of running for President.”
Mindful of that grading curve, Begala argued that the Republican nominee should emerge from Cleveland with a 5 percentage point lead in the polls ― the same that McCain registered after their convention.
“McCain went from 8 down to 5 up. And their convention was shortened by a day due to a storm. AND they carried the viciously unpopular Dubya on their back,” Begala said.
That may overstate the room that Trump has for a post-convention polling bounce (keep in mind that McCain's big night came after Obama's in 2008, as opposed to the party sequencing this year). But the notion that Trump will benefit from a low bar is one widely shared, and not just by Democrats.
“The expectations are similarly low, but for different reasons,” said one former McCain campaign aide, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. “Right now people are worried about what Trump might say; but in 2008, people were worried about whether Palin could effectively say anything.”
Nicolle Wallace, an adviser to Palin during the rollout and through the convention, said they were still “too close” to the 2008 convention planning to be able to meta-analyze it. And perhaps they blacked out a few memories from their rocky tenure with the former Alaska governor. But Wallace also said they saw in Trump a “potential to vastly exceed expectations” in Cleveland.
“His poll numbers are surprisingly close to Secretary Clinton's after a very rocky 6-8 weeks,” Wallace said, “and if the convention comes together in a way that is entertaining and credible, they can emerge from their convention tied or ahead of [Clinton].”
Trump certainly brings attributes to the convention that Palin never enjoyed. While they had just a week in the national spotlight to prepare for their speech, he's been on the campaign trail for well over a year and in the public consciousness for decades longer. He's a seasoned showman, acutely aware of how television broadcasting works, while their most applicable experience was as a sportscaster for local Alaska television.
For those reasons, expectations should be high for Trump, argued Craig Shirley, a longtime conservative communications specialist and a Ronald Reagan biographer. Shirley added another reason as well.
“He is the nominee. Expectations are almost always high for a nominee to hit it out in their acceptance speech. Think about it. You have lots of time to prepare. You have a crack staff of speechwriters. You have 17,000 (mostly) supportive in the audience. Most everybody is rooting for you.
Shopawl.com, a drop-shipping service that enables shopping with bitcoin on one of China's biggest online shopping sites, Banggood.com, has added AliExpress.com to its list of supported stores.
In addition to bitcoin, Shopawl enables shopping on the supported stores also with Ethereum/ether (ETH), litecoin (LTC), dogecoin (Dodge) and DASH with more cryptocurrencies to be added.
AliExpress, a global e-commerce platform that comprises small business sellers offering a wide variety of consumer products worldwide, is the third store the drop-shipping company has added to its list. The firm had previously added eBay, but with the announcement of the addition of AliExpress, the company also proclaimed on its blog post the removal of eBay from its list of stores.
The decision to remove eBay, says the blog post, was taken because of some payment problems that usually occur with different sellers from different countries. However, Shopawl does say it will look into it and try its best to add eBay again, as unlike AliExpress, says the post, branded products like laptops and smartphones are much easier to find on eBay.
Until that happens, Shopawl says that using any of the supported digital currencies, its users will be able to buy branded items such as those by Dell, Lenovo, Acer and other companies from its own, upcoming store.
Fees for AliExpress orders, says the Shopawl blog post, will be the same as eBay orders – 2% for less than 100 USD-valued products and 5% for products valued above 100 USD. A much larger range of products can be found on AliExpress
Mentioning the reasons behind the decision to add AliExpress to its stores list, Shopawl's blog post says that the global e-commerce platform has “much larger range of products and also they have good shipping economies so much more shipping methods at cheapest price.”
AliExpress enables consumers from all over the world to buy directly from manufacturers and wholesalers in China and provides access to a wide range of products at wholesale prices. AliExpress is a business within Alibaba Group.
Image courtesy of Shopawl
Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate threatened to attack all U.S.-backed rebels entering the country, after the U.S.-led coalition launched airstrikes on the jihadists' positions in Syria in retaliation for the abduction of members of a rebel brigade trained by the Pentagon.
The airstrikes came as Jabhat al-Nusra, the al-Qaeda-linked group, announced the Thursday capture of Nadim al-Hassan, commander of the rebel group known as Division 30, which it said had received U.S. training and was acting on behalf of “agents of America” in Syria.
Syria's Sunni Muslims “will not accept” groups working for the United States, the statement from Jabhat al-Nusra said. The group also called on the rebels to abandon the United States as an ally, and return to fighting in the name of Islam.
Division 30 includes about 60 Syrian fighters that the United States trained in recent months in Turkey and calls the New Syrian Force. They were sent into Syria two weeks ago to help build the moderate opposition to President Bashar al-Assad and participate in a new U.S.-Turkey effort to drive the Islamic State from northwest Syria.
U.S. officials have insisted that none of the newly trained fighters are among those abducted with Hassan, at a spot north of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
But they acknowledged that the captures of Hassan and the others were a blow to the Obama administration's efforts. Jabhat al-Nusra is one of the most powerful Syrian insurgent groups but is not allied with the Islamic State.
Lt. Cmdr. Kyle Raines, spokesperson for the U.S. Central Command, said that “members of the New Syrian Force, along with members of the 30th Division of the Free Syrian Army” had “successfully repelled” a new attack Friday morning by an “unknown force of about 50 personnel.”
“There was support from coalition airstrikes,” Raines said, but no confirmation of losses on either side. Nearly all the U.S. airstrikes on Syria that began in September have been directed against the Islamic State in central and eastern Syria.
The fights with Jabhat al-Nusra took place in the northwestern Syrian town of Azaz, near the Turkish border at Kilis, U.S. officials and a Syrian rights group said.
Syrian activists posted images of what they said were coalition strikes on a ­Jabhat al-Nusra command center in Azaz. In a statement posted online, Jabhat al-Nusra said the strikes “left a number of martyrs and wounded in our ranks.”
The statement also claimed Hassan's capture and accused the U.S.-linked rebels of coordinating airstrikes on its positions in the area.
“We warn soldiers of [Division 30] against proceeding in the American project,” the statement said, according to Reuters.
A fighter who said they belonged to Jabhat al-Nusra posted an English-language account of Friday's battle with Division 30 online.
The fighter, posting with the user name @Abu_M0hammed, said that the jihadists' and U.S.-backed rebels clashed for about 30 minutes before they heard the sounds of a coalition drone overhead. The drone, @Abu_M0hammed said, was “collecting information” for later airstrikes on the group.
It taught “us some valuable lessons in how to improve our tactics on the ground, against enemies [who] have superior air power,” they said.
Pentagon officials said Thursday that none of the approximately 60 U.S.-trained fighters under Hassan's command were among those captured by Jabhat al-Nusra.
[U.S. and Turkey aim to create de facto ‘safe zone' in Syria]
Northwestern Syria has been a swirl of fighting groups, with other moderate, U.S.-backed forces — sometimes in alliance with ­Jabhat al-Nusra — battling the army of Assad.
The Islamic State has been steadily advancing westward along the Syria-Turkey border.
The U.S. training initiative, begun several months ago in Turkey, has had difficulty recruiting Syrian opposition members for a program that is funded to train 5,000 of them.
The first contingent of about 60 was sent into Syria on July 14, with new equipment and vehicles. U.S. officials said the fighters had pledged allegiance to a goal of fighting against the Islamic State, rather than becoming involved in the many other battles underway in the region.
DeYoung reported from Washington.
Read more:
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
You've probably seen: there's a new app out where one's face can be changed to look old, young, happy, sad or as something resembling a different sex. Like hoverboards, Ello and cosmos-printed hair, people are going wild for the app – officially called FaceApp: Neural Face Transformations – and, in a few weeks, it will likely be forgotten; just one small and brief respite from the never-ending rollercoaster of life in the 21st century. So! Before that happens, we decided to run some of our favourite albums through the thing. It is, after all, our job to do this service of distraction for you dear and beautiful readers.
Since musicians are generally marketed as sullen, hard-faced and moody on their artwork and promo materials, we thought it best to paint some toothy smiles right across their face. The results were funny (and sometimes creepy, obviously); especially Morrissey who looks like some dude who came fifth place in Britain's Got Talent before releasing an upbeat opera album that now sit's in your grandma's CD collection. Behold:
You can find Noisey on Twitter.
CBN's Pat Robertson (screen grab)
Pat Robertson on Wednesday invited viewers to pray with them so that Jesus could save them from “lesbianism” and the “filthy things” that they had done.
In a 700 Club profile, Lisa Kemp recalled that they turned to sex and drugs as a result of being molested at the age of 5.
“She turned to lesbian relationships for comfort,” the 700 Club narrator explained.
“When I got around with more of the gay lifestyle then automatically I just thought that I was gay, that I was born like this,” Kemp insisted. “I was sleeping with everything that moved. I mean, I just became such a terrible person.”
But while they were in prison, Kemp decided that they wanted to become a Christian so they could go to heaven to see their sister, who had recently died.
“Jesus set them free from homosexuality,” the narrator noted.
“From that day forth, I was completely different, and I've been completely set free after that,” Kemp remarked. “Never struggle with it ever, ever again.”
Robertson pointed out that God could see that Kemp was “beautiful” even though they had a “wasted life” that included “sexual promiscuity, drug addiction, alcoholism, lesbianism, prostitution, everything you can think of.”
According to the televangelist, God would “wash away the guilt and the filth.”
“That's what Jesus will do for you,” they said. “Follow me and you'll be a wonderful, beautiful new person. You want that right now?”
Robertson advised viewers to pray and admit to Jesus that they had done “filthy things” and “misused their bodies.”
Watch the video below from CBN's The 700 Club, broadcast April 22, 2015.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 19, 2017, 7:15 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 19, 2017, 9:10 PM GMT By Elizabeth Chuck and Shamar Walters
Two devoted rail enthusiasts were among the three people killed in the Amtrak derailment outside Tacoma, Washington, on Monday.
Jim Hamre and Zack Willhoite, both "passionate advocates for passenger railroad," died in the derailment, said Jim Mathews, president of the Rail Passengers Association, an organization that aims to improve and expand rail transit. Hamre was a board member for the association and Wilhoite was a member, the group said in a statement.
"Jim was among the country's most-respected and effective rail advocates and a good friend and mentor to me. I will miss their counsel, and our community is poorer for their loss," Mathews said in the statement. "Both Jim and Zack have been advocates of transit and passenger rail for decades, and we can't thank them enough for their work."
Jim Hamre, a board member of the Rail Passengers Association, died during the Amtrak derailment outside Seattle, Washington on Dec. 18, 2017. via Facebook
The two were traveling on Amtrak Train 501 on Monday for its inaugural ride on a highly touted new route, which promised faster service between Portland, Oregon, and Seattle.
Federal investigators say the train was traveling at 80 mph on a 30-mph stretch of track when it went careening off a bridge, sending train cars onto the highway underneath. It's not yet clear why the train was speeding.
A friend of the two victims described them as longtime pals who cared deeply about public transportation.
"Zack was the kindest, smartest, most decent guy, and even more an extraordinarily insightful friend. Jim Hamre was quite simply the brother I never had, my best friend and a far better person than me," Carl Fowler wrote on Facebook.
Willhoite was an IT customer service support specialist with Pierce Transit, the public transportation agency in Pierce County, which encompasses Tacoma. They had been employed there since 2008, the agency said in a statement.
Zack Willhoite, who died in Monday's Amtrak derailment outside Tacoma, Washington. via Facebook
"He has always been deeply appreciated and admired by their colleagues, and played an important role at our agency. They will be sincerely missed. Our thoughts are with Zack's family, as well as the families of the other victims, during this very difficult time," the statement said.
Lloyd Flem, executive director of All Aboard Washington, a rail advocacy organization in Washington, said Willhoite and Hamre were also members of their group. Flem said that Hamre was a civil engineer who served as the organization's vice president and the editor of the newsletter.
“Both men were extraordinarily valuable to our group. They will be difficult to replace, to say the least, and they were also good friends,” Flem told NBC News.
Related: NTSB searches for cause of deadly Amtrak accident
Dozens of others — including other rail enthusiasts who simply wanted to be among the first to ride the new route — were injured.
Charlie Heebner, 79, and their wife, Beverly, 78, of Olympia, Washington, were eager to try out the new rail line, which promised faster service between Portland, Oregon, and Seattle.
"We just wanted to go, an opportunity to be the first to go on this newly established section of track that hasn't had passenger trains on it in years," Heebner told NBC affiliate KING 5 in Seattle from the hospital where both they and their wife were taken with non-life-threatening injuries.
The couple was enjoying the ride when suddenly, the train derailed.
"A lot of tossing and squealing and rattling," Heebner said. "It kind of got dark, and I ended up on the floor."
According to National Transportation Safety Board member Bella Dinh-Zarr, Train 501 was carrying 80 passengers, three crew and two service personnel. It's unclear whether the third victim was a passenger or a crew member.
.
Del DeSart, right, pictured with their wife, Meagan DeSart, was on the Amtrak train that derailed on Monday. Courtesy of Meagan DeSart
Del DeSart, 38, of Astoria, Ore., was on the train back home after going to a Seattle Seahawks game. A season ticketholder, DeSart usually drives up to the games, but decided to save money on gas and take the train this time to "just relax," their wife, Meagan DeSart, told NBC News.
Meagan heard about the train crash on Monday morning but couldn't get a hold of their husband for more than half an hour and didn't know whether they had survived.
"It was horrifying," they said. "It felt like an eternity."
Related: 'Positive Train Control' ordered by Congress, but not yet in place
Once they reached him, they left their three kids, ages 3, 11, and 16, with family, and met them at the hospital in Tacoma where they were taken.
"We're still not quite sure the gravity of everything that's going on medically," Meagan said. "He has broken bones, and he's not paralyzed, and we're thankful for that."
They declined to give more information about their condition in light of potential legal action they were considering.
"He's hanging in there," they said.
Another passenger, Rudy Wetzel, 81, injured their back in the derailment. They told KING they were asleep when it happened.
"I opened up my eyes and I saw the car was falling," they said from their hospital bed. "Next thing you know, part of my body was underneath the car."
As for why they survived, Wetzel said: "I'm a very lucky person."
In between, Mr. Albee (his name is pronounced AWL-bee,) turned out a parade of works, 30 or so in all, generally focused on exposing the darkest secrets of relatively well-to-do people, with lacerating portrayals of familial relations, social intercourse and individual soul-searching.
As Ben Brantley of The New York Times once wrote, “Mr. Albee has unsparingly considered subjects outside the average theatergoer's comfort zone: the capacity for sadism and violence within American society; the fluidness of human identity; the dangerous irrationality of sexual attraction and, always, the irrefutable presence of death.”
Their work could be difficult to absorb, not only tough-minded but elliptical or opaque, and their relationships with ticket-buyers, who only intermittently made their plays into hits, and critics, who were disdainful as often as they were laudatory, ran hot and cold.
In 1965, after “Tiny Alice,” their drama about Christian faith, money and the ethics of worship opened on Broadway, causing much consternation and even outrage among critics who had failed to discern meaning in its murky symbols and suggestions of mysticism, Mr. Albee attended anews conference ostensibly to discuss the play but ended up lecturing on the subject of criticism.
“It is not enough for a critic to tell their audience how well a play succeeds in its intention,” they said; “he must also judge that intention by the absolute standards of the theater as an art form.” They added that when critics perform only the first function, they leave the impression that less ambitious plays are better ones because they come closer to achieving their ambitions.
“Well, perhaps they are better plays to their audience,” they said, “but they are not better plays for their audience. And since the critic fashions the audience taste, whether they intend to or not, they succeed each season in merely lowering it.”
Several of their plays opened abroad before they did in the United States, and their work was often more enthusiastically welcomed in Europe than it was at home; even some of their most critically admired plays never found the wider audiences that only a Broadway imprimatur can attract.
1, 048, 00 soldiers have served to date of that 180,000 have come home permanently disabled
Which is a rate of 18.35% of all Americans sent have come home permanently disabled to never be the same, never is able to go back to the life they knew before?. They knew it was dangerous, they knew they might not ever come home, but they assumed that when they came home injured or seriously disabled they would be looked after, money would be no object. The federal government flaps their jaw at every chance about how wonderful the care is. We have a badly burnt ex-soldier on dancing with the stars, while every other vet has to dance a jig just to get basic competent service.
Have we learnt nothing? My brother came home from Vietnam in the early 70's their heart soul and sane mind came home ten years later. They went through alcoholism , drug addiction, hepatitis C, and mental break down, while My mom a single mother of 7 had to beg for welfare hospital care. My brother, my brother-in-law a dozen cousins 3 uncles all served with valour and all were left high and dry by their government. Commentators recorded soldiers coming home to protests with pigs blood and red paint thrown over them and cries of baby killer, the government blamed those “damn hippies”. Once the hippies went back to their Volkswagens and bongs, the care given out by the VA was no less abusive.
Fast forward from 1974 to 2011, a man or woman comes home with a limb missing they get immediate surgery and rehab and prosthetics, A man or woman comes home with closed head injury from their brains being shaken like they're in a blender from a roadside bomb and the current wait time for any care what so ever is up to four years.
18 returned veterans a day commit suicide from mental health issues and the feelings of failure from returning home to nothing , They unemployment and in many cases foreclosure because their wage was cut greatly while their serving and yet these veterans while not declared disabled Obviously are in need of support they never see.
The promise when a Soldier goes to war is that “we never leave a man behind” that's wonderful, but when you bring them home that's when the desertion begins. So America start standing up for the men and woman who stood up for us, it's our turn to serve.
Here is a Link to veteran's affairs document on disabled treatment http://iava.org/files/VeteransWaitingForCareAndBenefits_0.pdf
Share this: Share
Print
Pinterest
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Tumblr
Twitter
Like this: Like Loading...
Sen. Ted Cruz on Monday night tweeted their support for Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Indiana's Religious Freedom and Restoration Act and posted a brief statement to their website explaining their support.
I'm proud to stand with Gov. @mike_pence for religious liberty, and I urge Americans to do the same http://t.co/cWidDW2zpg — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 31, 2015
I want to commend Governor Mike Pence for their support of religious freedom, especially in the face of fierce opposition. There was a time, not too long ago, when defending religious liberty enjoyed strong bipartisan support. Alas, today we are facing a concerted assault on the First Amendment, on the right of every American to seek out and worship God according to the dictates of their or their conscience. Governor Pence is holding the line to protect religious liberty in the Hoosier State. Indiana is giving voice to millions of courageous conservatives across this country who are deeply concerned about the ongoing attacks upon our personal liberties. I'm proud to stand with Mike, and I urge Americans to do the same.
Opponents of the Act (and of Cruz in general) saw the statement as the death knell of Cruz's presidential aspirations.
Have fun in 12th place! RT @tedcruz I'm proud to stand with Gov. @mike_pence for religious liberty, and I urge Americans to do the same — Danny (@dabbs346) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence Glad to see you throwing away your shot at the White House so early. America thanks you. — Me! (@Nativemanley) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence So, you're ok with discrimination because you think gays are icky? I'm going to put a big "no canadiens" sign out. — Jon Paul Sapsford (@JonPaulSapsford) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence well the tiny chance (if we can call it that) you had at being the republican representative in 2016 is now gone. — Chris Pool (@chrispool08) March 31, 2015
.@tedcruz @mike_pence RIP to your chances at President dawg — ya boy salami (@tommysalami16) March 31, 2015
.@tedcruz @mike_pence and this is why you will never be President Ted. — Amy Coleman (@amymariacoleman) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence Ted you are going to tank like no Republican ever did. This running for the White House is a joke. Right? — John W Moore (@JohnWMoore111) March 31, 2015
I don't think "religious liberty" means what you think it means. just say "right to be christian" like you really want to. @tedcruz — jay, wyrd sister (@jaythenerdkid) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence may you hang by the ropes the dead gay children used to kill themselves because they are gay !! — Michelle J Soleil (@michellejsolei1) March 31, 2015
That's quite a reaction. Cruz does have their supporters, however.
@tedcruz @mike_pence How DARE anyone say the First Amendment means what it says! — Gumlegs (@Gumlegs) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence Freedom to choose who we serve is just as important as our freedom to find another business to frequent. — Richard J Sunkle (@RichardJSunkle) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence I'm a proud Hoosier voter, and I really appreciate your kind words of support, Sir. — David Reedy (@DavidEReedy) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence Way to go Senator Cruz. Man is so quick to judge a person. How strange when man can neither read our thoughts nor heart. — Paul DJ Montoya (@wordoftruth66b1) March 31, 2015
@tedcruz @mike_pence it's a shame states have to make laws that merely uphold the Constitution.I don't want change-I want it the way it was. — AJ Powers (@aj_powers) March 31, 2015
Heartily endorsed:
@tedcruz @mike_pence A big help would be to thoroughly explain the bill. Lots of misunderstanding being elaborated on and exploited as true — Ross Myers (@rossjmyers) March 31, 2015
Related:
Dan Savage accuses Family Research Council president of sitting on ‘pile of dead gay kids'
Just look at this photo of Ciara, Russell Wilson, and their family. LOOK AT IT!
There are too many questions for one person to ask. No one human can hold the expanse of queries in their mind at once. The whole SBNation.com team needed to pool our collective brains as a fail-safe and submit one question each — lest one of our heads explode like a pressure cooker.
We have 25 questions.
“Does Future know that their kid is in this picture? Also, are Russ and Ciara trolling us? Or, worse, is it an Earnest Tweet™? I can't handle this, my brain is short-circuiting.” — Charlotte Wilder “Is Russell Wilson ok?” — Mansur Shaheen “Did Future have to sign a release form for their child to be featured in this image? If so, what did they demand in return?” — Alex Kirshner “Where is Russell Wilson's head right now?” — Louis Bien “When did Ciara start wearing my dad's Hanes?” — Christian D'Andrea “Why does this exist? No thank you.” — Jeanna “Something something Future.” — Anonymous “Russ really needs to work on QB-center exchanges, Goro looks fantastic these days, and Young Metro can't even bear to look at any of this.” — Jason Kirk “Recovery Water's marketing campaign has gone in a weird new direction.” — Jon Benne “Why is Ciara promoting the next sequel to the Human Centipede?” — Mansur (again and very intrigued) “I know it's hard to focus when you're getting blitzed, but why couldn't Russell Wilson keep their head?” — IDK “Is Russell Wilson getting shorter?” — Bud “What did the other photos in this photoshoot look like?” — Jessica “Why did you throw from the two?” — Anonymous “Is this the physical embodiment of a 3-1 lead?” — James “Should Russ should have put on their Super Bowl ring for this shoot?” — Kevin McCauley “Ciara basically said, ‘Russ is Baby Future's real dad now.' Does Future deserve that? Future probably deserves that.” — also Kevin McCauley “What will be the title of Future's next album?” — Dayana Sarkisova “What does the reverse angle of this look like?” — James “Why?” — Everybody “dad?” — Future Jr.? “What happens when we take the mask off the guy in the back?” — Kurt Mensching “What if Wilson is wearing their family as a mask as a response to Future's ‘Mask Off?'” — Good question by whomever “But seriously where is Russell Wilson's head?” — Somebody “Found it.” — Mark Hinog
So you can remember this moment forever, please enjoy this handy bookmark. Print it, cut it out, and enjoy.
Hundreds of civilians have been killed in Syria by the airstrikes of the US-led coalition against ISIL over the past two years, an international rights advocacy group said Wednesday.
"Eleven Coalition attacks examined by the organization appear to have killed some 300 civilians during two years of strikes targeting the armed group calling itself Islamic State (Daesh)," Amnesty International said in a statement.
According to the group, the most recent deadly airstrikes, conducted in June and July, killed more than 100 civilians in the Syrian villages of Tukhar, Hadhadh and Ghandoura.
The watchdog called for thorough investigation into reports of civilian deaths during the coalition's aerial operation, adding that the US authorities had not given any response to a memorandum sent by the watchdog "to raise questions about the conduct of Coalition forces in Syria."
The US-led coalition of more than 60 nations has been conducting airstrikes against ISIL (outlawed in many countries, including the United States and Russia) in Syria and Iraq since 2014. The strikes in Syria are not authorized by the government of President Bashar Assad or by the United Nations Security Council.
SPUTNIK/MNA
Dan Egtvedt (L) and Jim Griffin (C) listen as James Manship reads from the U.S. Constitution during a Tea Party Patriots rally on the west lawn of the U.S. Capitol on Election Day November 2, 2010 in Washington, DC. Photo by Rod Lamkey /Getty Images
Leaders of the Tea Party Patriots are planning a rally in Washington, D.C. next week to protest House Republicans' willingness to compromise on spending cuts in the federal budget and demand that Republicans "make the tough decisions we sent them there to make."
"On Thursday, March 31, 2011, Tea Party Patriots will be holding a Continuing Revolution Rally on the East Side of the Capitol Building from noon to 1:30pm," reads a note on the group's Facebook page. "While the Congress continues 'business-as-usual' with their short term continuing resolutions, we will be there to Continue our Tea Party Revolution and demand they make the tough decisions we sent them there to make."
Mark Meckler, co-founder and National Coordinator of the Tea Party Patriots, told CBS News the rally is intended to hold Republicans to a series of campaign pledges - including the Republican "Pledge to America," which promised to cut $100 billion from the federal budget in the 2011 fiscal year.
"The point of the rally is to do as we promised: stand with the people who are willing to make the hard choices and do the difficult work of getting spending and debt under control," Meckler told Hotsheet. "There are 54 people who voted against the short term [continuing resolution to fund the government], and they need to know we stand with them. For those that voted for it, we need them to know we are here, and we want them to join with the 54 and do the right thing, instead of the easy, short term thing. So this rally is intended as both a carrot and a stick."
House Republicans passed a spending bill in March that would have cut $61 billion from the budget, but it failed in the Democrat-controlled Senate. Democrats and Republicans have since compromised on a pair of short-term spending bills (or continuing resolutions) to fund the government while they continue negotiations on a long-term budget.
Meckler argues that rather than compromise, Republicans should let the chips fall where they may in the face of a budget stalemate.
"It's important that folks understand that this is the President Obama/ Harry Reid shutdown," they said. "The Republicans passed a [bill] out of the House that included $61 billion in cuts. If Harry Reid can't pass that in the Senate, and the President won't sign it, any consequences belong to them. They are obstructing the will of the people to get serious about cutting spending."
A spokesperson for House Speaker John Boehner argues that Republicans are doing the best they could in the face of a Democrat majority in the Senate.
"Washington remains a Democrat-controlled town and congressional Republicans are the only thing standing between the American people and more 'stimulus' spending, bailouts, and Big-Government takeovers of the private sector," Boehner spokesperson Michael Steel said in a statement to the National Journal.
Still, the Tea Party Patriots say Democrats' power is no reason Republicans can't follow through on their promises.
"We sent them there to be BOLD and yet their actions are showing otherwise," the group's Facebook note reads.
When asked about the Tea Party Patriots' position on Libya, Meckler said that "our membership has not asked us to take a stand." They added that "from a fiscal perspective, the money must come from somewhere, and though the president has said it will come from currently allocated funds and will not add to our deficit, I'd like to see that demonstrated conclusively."
We'll never again see vast herds of bison. But the State of Montana is studying the possibility of establishing a significant herd of wild bison in the 1.1-million-acre Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge and millions of acres of adjacent public land – all accessible and open to hunting. With this new herd could come tremendous new hunting and wildlife-watching opportunities. Strong support from sportsmen will make all the difference – it always has. Sign the petition to bring wild bison home to the ideal habitat waiting in north-central Montana.
Once covering North America by the millions, bison were driven to the brink of extinction by the late 19th century. We saved them, but just barely. Today wild bison persist in a few enclaves, mostly Yellowstone National Park and the Henry Mountains of Utah. Most bison exist as captives in refuges or as privately owned livestock. No wild bison freely roam native prairie habitat. Desirable hunting opportunities for wild bison are extremely limited.
Hunter-Conservationists have achieved tremendous success in restoring America's native wildlife. Restoring wild, free-roaming bison to suitable habitat on public land will be our crowning success.
* Information provided will be used only for the purposes of this petition. We will never share, sell or distribute your information without your consent.
The Hon. Steve Bullock
Governor, State of Montana
P.O. Box 200801
Helena MT 59620-0801
Dear Governor Bullock:
We, the undersigned sportsmen, call on you, Governor Bullock, to work with us to finish the job of American wildlife restoration by restoring wild bison to the vast, available, habitat on public land in Montana. Restoring wild bison is a worthy goal for Montana and the nation.
As sportsmen, we're proud of our role in restoring nearly all of our native wildlife to at least portions of their historic range – with one particularly glaring exception – bison.
Of course, we'll never again see the huge herds of wild bison that once roamed the Plains. But we do have the opportunity to restore thousands of wild bison to the millions of contiguous acres of public land in north-central Montana. The hunter's paradise that is the 1.1-million-acre Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge in Montana is the absolute best place for wild bison. It's a sprawling expanse of undeveloped prairie habitat already dedicated to wildlife restoration and conservation, and it's contiguous to millions of additional acres of superb habitat on public land. This land remains virtually unchanged over time and is just waiting for bison to return. All of these public lands are accessible and open to public hunting and other recreational use.
Sportsmen are proud of our leading role in America's long, successful push to restore wildlife. But our work is not done. As sportsmen, we will lead the way toward restoration of wild bison to appropriate habitat in the Northern Plains. And we commit to do our part to successfully manage wild bison through fair-chase hunting.
We look to you, Governor Bullock, to join us and help lead this effort.
And we pledge our support and commitment to make restoration of wild bison the next success story in our nation's long, proud tradition of wildlife conservation.
It was clear by January 5, 2009 that something terrible had happened to the Al-Samouni family, after a few survivors of the bombed building reached the hospital. In front of Al Jazeera cameras, a father gestured toward the bodies of several of the family's toddlers and said in Hebrew: "We just want to understand what these children did, that they killed them."
A cloud of smoke billows over Gaza after an Israel Defense Forces strike during the 2009 war. AP / Archive
A statement from the IDF Spokesman's Office said: "In light of the complexity of the incident, the chief of staff has ordered that it be investigated by an expert."
In fact, it took several days to recreate exactly what led up to the incident that claimed the lives of 29 members of the Al-Samouni family. Haaretz documented and reconstructed these events in at least six articles.
In the Gaza Strip, Operation Cast Lead was experienced primarily as a war against civilians. In the neighborhood of Zeitun, it was manifest in the point-blank killing of civilians in front of their families; preventing the arrival of rescuers, including shooting and killing them; stopping civilians fleeing the neighborhood from taking the injured with them (at least five people died this way, including two children, not only from the Al-Samouni family ); shooting at people waving a white flag; using human shields (in a home that was turned into a temporary a command post ); destroying homes, greenhouses and agricultural areas; spraying graffiti on walls, with "Kill the Arabs" being the most innocuous of the messages left behind; and leaving filthy homes that had been used as bases.
What was "unique" in Zeitun was that soldiers, who spoke in Hebrew to some family members, ordered them, according to every testimony given, to gather in a one-story house. About 100 members of the Al-Samouni family did so, certain they would be safe because the soldiers had seen that there were elderly people and children among them. The next day, the house was bombed (it is hard to know from testimony and the remains of explosives whether by tank or from the air ).
What is clear is that the members of the Al-Samouni family were not killed due to the error of a single soldier.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Telltale Games has announced the next episode of its Batman series will launch digitally on October 25 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. Titled "New World Order," Episode 3 will "dig deeper into the web of intrigue surrounding the newly revealed Children of Arkham."
"Penguin's brutal attack broadcast on live TV has left Gotham City reeling," the studio said in a press release. "Meanwhile, behind closed doors, the mysterious Selina Kyle reveals more of themselves to Bruce.
"And in the aftermath of the attack, Bruce's friend and Gotham's new mayor, Harvey Dent, is a deeply changed man. Who can be trusted when the future of Bruce Wayne--and the Batman--could be determined by the flip of a coin?"
Telltale's Batman series is also available to buy on disc and includes the season pass entitling owners to the entire series. Only the first episode is actually on the disc and the remaining episodes must be downloaded, with new episodes unlocking once they become available.
Telltale's Batman series features the voice of Troy Baker (Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare) as Bruce Wayne. Richard McGonagle (Uncharted series) plays Carmine Falcone, while Laura Bailey (Gears of War 4, Halo 5: Guardians) portrays Selina Kyle.
You can read reviews of Episode 1 here and Episode 2 here.
If the Toronto Blue Jays are going to dig themselves out from their historically bad start this month, they'll have to do so without Josh Donaldson.
The three-time All-Star was placed on the 10-day disabled list Friday after aggravating a nagging calf injury during an April 13 game against the Baltimore Orioles, and it's believed that they will likely miss the next two-to-four weeks, sources told Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports.
Donaldson missed a large chunk of spring training after tweaking their calf on the first day they reported to camp, but told reporters Friday that there wasn't as much swelling this time around.
"I am walking gingerly, and there is some soreness, but not as much swelling as there was (at spring training)," Donaldson said.
Losing Donaldson for a significant amount of time is a tough blow for a Toronto team that currently owns the worst record in the majors at 2-10 and an offense that's scored fewer runs than anyone.
It's expected that Darwin Barney, Chris Coghlan, and Ryan Goins will see time at third base until Donaldson returns.
During a whirlwind C-SPAN interview, key House Armed Services Committee member Rep. Duncan Hunter (R – CA) went on a protracted diatribe about how you can't trust Middle Easterners because they all lie – and that wasn't even the most controversial part.
That's because Rep. Hunter then went on to a condemnation of the Iran nuclear deal, which was why he's insisting you can't trust Middle Easterners, by saying that the US should use multiple nuclear weapons in an attack on Iran.
Hunter elaborated on the comments, saying that the US shouldn't use any “boots on the ground” and would instead rely on a “massive aerial bombing campaign,” including tactical nuclear arms.
Hunter's statement was immediately condemned by several groups, including the National Iranian American Council (NIAC), who urged Americans to ignore their “reckless and immoral war rhetoric.” The Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation was also critical, cautioning that a US nuclear first-strike would not only oblige Iran and other nations to make a mad dash for nuclear arms to deter future attacks, but would ruin US credibility across the planet.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
MANILA – Senator Nancy Binay has blasted the Anti-Political Dynasty Bill for going against the principle of “Vox Populi, Vox Dei”.
In a statement, Binay said the bill, which was approved at the committee level at the House of Representatives on Wednesday, "may limit what the Constitution says about who can run. It may also go against the principle of Vox Populi, Vox Dei.”
Instead of going after those elected by the people, they said it would be more appropriate to monitor the actions of one family appointed to key posts in the administration.
“Dapat mas bantayan natin yung appointing members of one family in key and high positions of government," Binay said.
One of the families occupying high positions in government is the family of Budget Secretary Butch Abad. Their daughter Julia is head of the Presidential Management Staff (PMS).
Binay is daughter of Vice President Jejomar Binay and sister of Makati Mayor Junjun Binay and House Deputy Majority Leader Abigail Binay.
House Minority Leader Ronaldo Zamora is pushing for the anti-political dynasty bill
"The important thing is a lot of reforms have to be set in place and it shouldn't just be in the budget. It should also include political dynasties. Let's take a look again. We have been remiss in our obligation to implement [this]. Let's see what they will do at the committee of suffrage. I hope we get the leadership to agree to looking at pol dynasties in a much more aggressive light," they said.
The bill will next be scheduled for plenary debates.
The great irony of climate change is that it's so big we can barely care about it.
I don't mean out of malice or ignorance, though there's plenty of both of those to go around. I just mean that the quantities, numbers, and timespans involved in climate change are so gargantuan that they dwarf our workaday human experience. They are literally difficult to think about, much less to connect to any personal meaning.
That's why those green "change your lightbulb" campaigns always feel faintly ridiculous. It doesn't take much thought to realize that the amount of energy involved in a lightbulb is a drop of water in the ocean of current human energy use, its emissions a tiny gust in a globe-spanning hurricane.
Because we have such trouble connecting the vastness of climate change to the limited horizons of our lived experience, we have trouble caring. It is a strenuous task to translate all the billions and gigatons into affective impact, into feelings. And most people are not in the market for more strenuous tasks. "If you try really hard, you can appreciate the horror" is not a pitch they want to hear. Life is hard enough already.
This is especially true at a time when current events are measured in "hours since Donald Trump last said something stupid," when the #content torrent is so unending and unmanageable that it can lead to "popcorn brain," a difficulty concentrating on extended chains of reasoning.
And yet, scientists tell us again and again that we are in a brief window of time when it is still possible to blunt the worst effects of climate change. Despite the enormity of climate change's other numbers, that one is small: the time we have left to effectively act.
So let's try an imaginative exercise. Let's talk long-term climate consequences and then try to connect them to our current political moment.
Climate change is, for all intents and purposes, forever
Almost all climate models and reports, including those by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, focus on the near-term effects of rising greenhouse gas emissions. They almost all extend their analysis out to 2100 and then stop.
There are obvious reasons for this — the current century is of intense interest to those planning on living in it — but it also distorts our perspective in subtle ways. Most notably, it renders the post-2100 damages of climate change invisible; it allows us to think of the damage we're doing as short-term or temporary.
As it happens, however, time is not going to stop in 2100. It is going to be followed by 2101, and so forth. And the effects of climate change put into motion in this century will also continue accumulating.
A large group of scientists recently submitted a comment to the journal Nature in which they stressed this point. They note that a "considerable fraction of the carbon emitted to date and in the next 100 years will remain in the atmosphere for tens to hundreds of thousands of years."
They argue for taking a longer view, modeling the previous 20,000 and the next 10,000 years, to put the climate changes being initiated today into proper geologic context.
If you're interested in detailed results, read the paper (it's pretty short), but the takeaway from the modeling is this: The changes we are setting in motion are irreversible.
Elevated atmospheric levels of CO2 will stay elevated for 10,000 years.
Global average warming over the 21st century "will substantially exceed even the warmest Holocene conditions, producing a climate state not previously experienced by human civilizations." That unprecedented climate state will continue for 10,000 years.
Global mean sea level (GMSL), which has been reasonably stable throughout human civilization, is now rising, as the Earth seeks a new equilibrium with its higher temperatures. The rate of rise wills itself increase, possibly higher than it's been in 8,000 years. Total GMSL rise over 10,000 years is between 25 and 52 meters, several orders of magnitude higher than IPCC's projections for 2100.
Though the scientists don't go into it, such a large, rapid change in the Earth's climate should be expected to radically reshape its flora and fauna as well, most notably through a rise in the rate of extinctions.
Because of the time lags involve in the climate system, short-term changes can be very difficult to predict, but over a long enough timescale, these kinds of effects become all but certain.
That means it's not just our children who will inherit a world that's hotter, more chaotic, and less biodiverse than the one their parents inherited. That will also be true for their children, and their children, and so on, for hundreds of generations. We are imposing adverse changes on more humans than have ever existed.
The scientists conclude:
This long-term view shows that the next few decades offer a brief window of opportunity to minimize large-scale and potentially catastrophic climate change that will extend longer than the entire history of human civilization thus far. Policy decisions made during this window are likely to result in changes to Earth's climate system measured in millennia rather than human lifespans, with associated socioeconomic and ecological impacts that will exacerbate the risks and damages to society and ecosystems that are projected for the twenty-first century and propagate into the future for many thousands of years. [my emphasis]
The US presidential election will matter for 10,000 years
Now let's pull our perspective back to the current political situation in the US.
The recent unexpected death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia highlights and heightens the stakes involved.
If Hillary Clinton (or Bernie Sanders) is elected, they will appoint a liberal justice to replace Scalia. Obama's Clean Power Plan (CPP) will be upheld when it reaches the Supreme Court. Clinton will implement the CPP and build on it.
If Trump (or Ted Cruz or Marco Rubio) wins, they will appoint a conservative to the Court, and the CPP will be struck down. Or he'll just scrap the rule outright. And they will work to ease regulatory pressure on coal, boost oil and gas extraction, and remove policy supports for clean energy.
Numerous commentators have rushed to argue that the transition to clean energy will continue regardless of the CPP. And that's probably true; there are long-term drivers at work.
However, the lack of CPP would leave the door open to an unexpected spike in natural gas prices that revives coal, at least for a while. And it leaves no backstop to protect against moves by a Republican president to prop up the coal industry. Maybe it couldn't halt the transition in the US, but it could certainly slow it down, and it's already going way too slow.
More importantly, the CPP is of immense symbolic value on the international stage, as the tangible expression of Obama's promises at the Paris climate talks. It is those promises that pulled China on board, which in turn led to a snowball effect, pulling other developing countries in, yielding the unprecedented unity that emerged from Paris.
If the foundation of Obama's domestic climate plans is yanked away, it could strengthen the hand of skeptics and nationalists in China, India, and elsewhere, leading the whole superstructure to crumble.
If the Paris agreement falls apart — and especially if a Republican is elected president of the US in 2016 — it is very difficult to see international agreement building itself back up from the wreckage anytime soon.
Again, there are long-term drivers involved that probably make a global clean energy transition inevitable on some timescale. But the fracturing of the Paris consensus could render those efforts far more disparate, inconsistent, and slow than they might otherwise have been, which will mean many more gigatons of carbon in the atmosphere.
And as we've just learned, those extra gigatons will drive changes that endure, for all intents and purposes, forever.
Wrapping our heads around the connection between Trump and millennia
So the logic is inescapable: This presidential election will have effects that will be felt by the next 100 generations of Americans.
Now, back to the dilemma with which we opened: Do you care about this?
Economists don't think you do. In any calculation about possible future costs and benefits, economists use a "discount rate," whereby we value future benefits less than present-day benefits.
There's a great deal of controversy over the correct discount rate to use in climate modeling — should we use the same rate we use for personal financial decisions? or some special, lower "intergenerational" rate? — but the fact is that any discount rate (above zero) is going to discount what happens 10,000 years from now.
We simply don't have the economic language to discuss it. Nor do we have the moral imagination, really. Our intuitions about such vast temporal distances are soft and uncertain.
When you think about humans 100 years from now, do you see anything in particular? Do you feel any attachment to those people or responsibility toward them?
How about 200 years from now? How about 500?
The terror of the Anthropocene — our new geologic epoch, in which humans are the primary driver of global change — is that we have now grown in scale and power so much that our decisions echo across centuries. But our brains and moral instincts remain as tribal and parochial as ever.
So it feels a little abstract and weird to say a presidential election will shape the Earth for centuries. But it is true.
More thoughts on this subject from the New York Times's Andrew Revkin and scientist Raymond T. Pierrehumbert, one of the authors of the Nature piece.
Well then, I didn't even make a proper background and I still get on EqD . . . !Random note - The word choice I use for the title does in fact hold significance, and even if I have no idea at the time, I'llhave significance in the future.Edit - And well guess what, some comments from the Drawfriend just helped me figure out the perfect meaning behind the title word, pretty much what they said and a bit more.Currently switched this to be my wallpaper, wuu~Quick style test,1 - Thickening the outlines, I seemed to have forgotten I could do that for a good while.2 - Rounding off certain parts of the body, slightly influenced from other pony artists but can't name specifically.3 - Tiny touch of detail added to the ears.I couldn't think of a good background so I just kinda scribbled a bit and then cleaned it up a little.What took the longest in this drawing?The CMC symbol on the cape.I don't plan to draw the older version of Scootaloo and Sweetie Belle, (although I didn't exactly grow Apple Bloom enough to make it noticeable by accident, that'll be fixed in the future), it's 'cause Older Apple Bloom shows up in my Alternate Equestria (explanation is in Shooting's bio about this whole system of mines), won't get to see 'why' for a long time 'though.My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic series and characters belongs to the Hub & Hasbro
Anyways, after a night of drunken debauchery on New Years Eve, I awoke to my HTC One M8 being destroyed, and I needed a replacement fast. I had heard the Nexus 6 was coming to Verizon, and I was like, sweet, I love Nexus devices. I Had the Galaxy Nexus on VZW, and then I bought a Nexus 7(2012), then after my son dropped that a Nexus 7(2013). I loved how I could tweak the ROM to do whatever I wanted. The Nexus 6 was coming to Verizon, but on delay, so I ordered one off eBay for $700.
So I get the phone in the mail a few days later, and holy fuck balls! This thing is huge! I whipped out my dick for a quick size comparison, and yeah, this phone is longer than my dick.
I usually text and drive without even looking at my phone. The native keyboard is just so wide that I can't even reach my thumb to the other side of the screen. Someone else recommended SwiftKey keyboard because it has a compact mode that you can move to one side of the screen. It's taken some getting used to, but after a month, I can finally text and drive without looking at the phone.
This phone runs smoothly, and there's a wide variety of ROMs out for it already. That's a plus. You know this phone will constantly be updated.
The camera is kinda crappy, but that's the way it's been with every Nexus phone. Something about the high-end cameras having closed source software, and they try to keep the phone as open source as possible.
Overall, I've gotten used to having a gigantic phone. I'd still prefer a smaller phone, and wish I had looked into the specifications more before buying it. Then again, there's not really any other phone on Verizon with an unlockable boot loader.
I'd recommend it.
Canonical is delighted to support the launch of the world's first 25/100 Gigabit open Ethernet-based switch, being introduced to the market today by Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX). The new switch runs on ‘Snappy' Ubuntu Core and will offer a new level of flexibility for network environments.
Mellanox is the leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems. It is the pioneer of, Spectrum, the next generation of its Open Ethernet-based switch IC, which overcomes current data center challenges by providing a highly flexible and scalable solution that allows businesses to deploy the hardware-software combinations best suited to meet their unique needs. With Spectrum, Mellanox is the first to offer end-to-end 10/25/40/50 and 100 Gigabit Ethernet connectivity.
Computing and storage infrastructures have reached a critical point due to the convergence of dozens of industry trends pushing them to the brink as data sets grow exponentially and threatening the unique competitive differentiator of many businesses. Commonly deployed closed-solutions, those that require the use of proprietary hardware-software combinations, leave many organizations unable to optimize their data centers to meet their business needs, making it difficult to garner actionable insights from expanding data sets. Based on the Open Ethernet architecture, Spectrum offers Mellanox's customers the choice of Application Programming Interface (API) for faster time-to-market and greater flexibility, while also providing industry-leading 25, 50 and 100 Gigabit Ethernet performance, ensuring the data centers can drive their business forward.
“We are forecasting a very strong uptake in 100 Gigabit Ethernet data center switching, with shipments increasing from approximately ten thousand in 2014 to over ten million by 2019,” said Seamus Crehan, president of Crehan Research. “With the introduction of this high-density 100 Gigabit Ethernet switch, Mellanox is in a position to take advantage of the pent-up bandwidth demand in cloud data centers, where it already has had considerable success with its high-speed low-latency adapter products.”
“The need for increased speed and ability to customize data center networks to meet expanding business needs is critical for the modern application-dependent enterprise,” said Cliff Grossner, Ph.D., research director, data center, cloud and SDN at IHS. “Open Ethernet delivering increased network programmability, choice of switch hardware components and switch OS will play an important role within the data center. The Spectrum-based switching and connectivity products from Mellanox will be attractive to enterprises building high performance and scalable data centers.”
As the market leader of scale-out and OpenStack production environments, Canonical welcomes the Spectrum switch innovation from Mellanox. Mellanox shares Canonical's vision by bringing open-source platforms to its exciting new switching products; both believing that open-software environments enable new network and data center models.
John Zannos, Vice President Alliances and Ecosystem, Canonical said: “Snappy Ubuntu Core running on Mellanox Spectrum switches enables a new level of flexibility for network environments. Ubuntu Core provides transactional updates with rigorous application isolation. This is the smallest, safest Ubuntu ever, on switches, devices and on the cloud. We welcome Mellanox as an Ubuntu Cloud Partner. Together we will unleash a new wave of developer innovation.”
A Mellanox switch running Snappy Ubuntu Core allows customers the flexibility to run third-party software applications at the top-of-rack, with no vendor lock-in. The open approach that Mellanox has taken with their Spectrum product line is perfectly aligned for Snappy Ubuntu Core.
“With the exponential growth of data, the need for increased bandwidth, flexibility, and scalability becomes a necessity to stay competitive,” said Gilad Shainer, vice president of marketing at Mellanox Technologies. “Spectrum, the newest edition to our Open Ethernet switch portfolio, enables our customers and users with the highest flexibility, performance and scalability. With Spectrum, data centers can migrate from 10 to 25, or from 40 to 50 or 100 Gigabit Ethernet, and be able to keep up with the escalating network demands for data retrieval and processing.”
They flank the bay that is home to the highest and strongest tides in the world, but for hundreds of years Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have struggled to channel the awesome might of the Bay of Fundy into tidal power.
Aspiring entrepreneurs have tried everything from mill wheels in the 1600s to turbines in the 2000s, only to have their hopes dashed and devices casually battered to smithereens by the water's crushing force.
There has been limited success. In 1984, a form of hydroelectric dam — called a barrage — was built at Annapolis Royal, N.S. The 20-megawatt plant is one of only three tidal power plants in the world.
However, the next generation of projects is set to launch and onlookers say it's time for the tide to turn.
“It's happening in Europe and it's happening here at the same time in the Bay of Fundy,” said Stephen Dempsey, executive director of the Offshore Energy Research Association, in an interview.
Dempsey says an international push to produce electricity without increasing carbon emissions has come as land-based wind energy projects are harder to develop, making tidal energy the new frontier in renewable energy.
They say engineers around the world are poised to learn from and overcome the obstacles revealed in 2009, after OpenHydro and Nova Scotia Power deployed a one-megawatt turbine in Minas Passage to capture the powerful instream flow of the tides.
The speed and power of the water was so massive during that pilot project that the 12 two-metre blades were snapped off the 400-tonne turbine which resembled a giant aircraft engine until the tides took their toll.
Matt Lumley of the Fundy Ocean Research Centre for Energy (FORCE) describes the flow of water entering Minas Passage — where the FORCE site is located — like someone tightening their fingers on the end of a garden hose.
“The coastline pinches in to about five kilometres across and the water speeds up, and you've got about 14 billion tonnes of water moving over five metres a second,” they said.
In short, the currents would easily generate enough power for all of Atlantic Canada's needs, but are too monstrously strong to be tamed — at least, fingers crossed, until now.
Cape Sharp Tidal, a partnership of OpenHydro and Emera, is betting on two towering turbines that will be installed starting in June. The two-megawatt turbines are 16 metres in diameter and each weigh 1,000 tonnes.
Sarah Dawson, the project's community relations manager, says they're poised to capture the clean, renewable and regular source of energy as the tides come into the Bay of Fundy and back out twice a day.
They said the new turbines are much more robust version of the 2009 design that was so badly battered.
“The strength of the tides there required a re-engineering, which is why this one is bigger and heavier and we're confident it will withstand the tides,” they said.
Once in place, the turbines will be connected to Nova Scotia's power grid, and are expected to provide enough electricity for about 1,000 homes.
Meanwhile, Black Rock Tidal Power Inc., is preparing to install its TRITON S40, which uses 40 smaller turbines, each about four metres in diameter and designed specifically to survive the forces in the Bay of Fundy.
DP Energy and Minas Energy also have rights to berths at the FORCE site and access to the underwater power cable.
While most of the development is happening on the Nova Scotia side of the bay, New Brunswick's minister of economic development is hoping their province can benefit as well.
Rick Doucet says the deep-water, ice-free port in Saint John is an ideal location for staging, construction and shipping of the equipment out to the sites.
He's announced that a tidal power summit will be held in Saint John on June 27 to discuss the state of the developing industry.
“We're talking about opportunities that are right on our doorstep,” they said. “What can we do to make this industry grow?”
The rush towards growth doesn't sit well with some area fishermen who want all activity put on hold until they have assurances that marine life is safe, and that they won't be pushed off their fishing grounds.
“We've never been consulted on this,” said Chris Hudson, president of the Bay of Fundy Inshore Fishermen's Association.
Hudson said fish stocks have been hurt by the tidal project in Annapolis Royal and they worry more damage will be done to halibut, herring and lobster breeding when turbines are installed in the bay.
They said the association has launched a petition and begun raising money in case a legal effort is needed to halt the deployment of the turbines.
“Fishermen have been using this bottom for 100 years or more, and then somebody comes into your backyard and says, ‘Nope, sorry, you're done and we're going to do our thing now.' It makes me mad just thinking about it.”
Lumley said FORCE and the developers are conducting studies to ensure the ecosystem is not harmed.
Meanwhile, he's also noting that the potential for this energy source has turned out to be more than once imagined.
They said initial estimates for the potential of the Minas Passage site put it at around 300 megawatts, about 10 per cent of Nova Scotia's peak electricity demand.
“But once we actually got into the bay and started to collect some field data…that number went up significantly to about 7,000 megawatts of power. That is equivalent roughly to all of the needs of Atlantic Canada or about three million homes,” they said.
There's been some buzz in the last week as it was announced that NCAR's new climate supercomputer was finally online. Back in 2010, I ran a story called “NCAR's Dirty Little Secret” which outlined the new supercomputing center being built in Wyoming, while NCAR is in “green” Boulder Colorado. From that article:
“Having an NCAR supercomputing facility in Wyoming will be transformative for the University of Wyoming, will represent a significant step forward in the state's economic development, and will provide exceptional opportunities for NCAR to make positive contributions to the educational infrastructure of an entire state,” says William Gern, the university's vice president for research and economic development.
Gosh, what an opportunity for Wyoming. But why give the opportunity away? Colorado doesn't want this opportunity? None of the politicians in Colorado want to be able to say to their constituents that they brought “economic development” and “positive contributions to the educational infrastructure of an entire state”? That doesn't seem right.
The answer may very well lie in economics, but not the kind they mention in feel good press releases.
You see as we know from supercomputers, they need a lot of energy to operate. And because they operate in enclosed spaces, a lot of energy to keep them cooled so they don't burn up from the waste heat they generate.
For all their sophistication, without power for operation and cooling, a supercomputer is just dead weight and space.
Electricity is king.
Interestingly, in the press releases and web pages, NCAR provides no answers (at least none that were easy to find) to how much electricity the new supercomputer might use for operation and cooling. They also provide no explanation as to why Colorado let this opportunity go to another state. I had to dig into NCAR's interoffice staff notes to find the answer.
The answer is: electricity.
Measuring 108,000 square feet in total with 15,000-20,000 square feet of raised floor, it will be built for 8 megawatts of power, with 4-5 megawatts for computing and 3-4 for cooling.
8 megawatts! Yowza.
…
(I noted then that electricity is significantly cheaper in Wyoming.)
So besides the fact that NCAR abandoned “green” Colorado for it's cheaper electricity rates and bond program, what's the “dirty little secret?
Coal, the “dirtiest of fuels”, some say.
According to Sourcewatch, Wyoming is quite something when it comes to coal. Emphasis mine.
Wyoming is the nation's highest coal producer, with over 400 million tons of coal produced in the state each year. In 2006, Wyoming's coal production accounted for almost 40% of the nation's coal.[1] Currently Wyoming coal comes from four of the State's ten major coal fields. The Powder River Coal Field has the largest production in the world – in 2007, it produced over 436 million short tons.[2] Wyoming coal is shipped to 35 other states. The coal is highly desirable because of its low sulfur levels.[3] On average Wyoming coal contains 0.35 percent sulfur by weight, compared with 1.59 percent for Kentucky coal and 3 to 5 percent for other eastern coals. Although Wyoming coal may have less sulfur, it also a lower “heat rate” or fewer Btu's of energy. On average Wyoming coal has 8600 Btu's of energy per pound, while Eastern coal has heat rates of over 12,000 Btu's per pound, meaning that plants have to burn 50 percent more Wyoming coal to equal the power output from Eastern coal.[4] Coal-fired power plants produce almost 95% of the electricity generated in Wyoming. Wyoming's average retail price of electricity is 5.27 cents per kilowatt hour, the 2nd lowest rate in the nation[5]
CHEYENNE, Wyoming — The National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) is launching operations this month of one of the world's most powerful and energy-efficient supercomputers, providing the nation with a major new tool to advance understanding of the atmospheric and related Earth system sciences.
Named “Cheyenne,” the 5.34-petaflop system is capable of more than triple the amount of scientific computing performed by the previous NCAR supercomputer, Yellowstone. It also is three times more energy efficient.
Scientists across the country will use Cheyenne to study phenomena ranging from wildfires and seismic activity to gusts that generate power at wind farms. Their findings will lay the groundwork for better protecting society from natural disasters, lead to more detailed projections of seasonal and longer-term weather and climate variability and change, and improve weather and water forecasts that are needed by economic sectors from agriculture and energy to transportation and tourism.
“Cheyenne will help us advance the knowledge needed for saving lives, protecting property, and enabling U.S. businesses to better compete in the global marketplace,” said Antonio J. Busalacchi, president of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research. “This system is turbocharging our science.”
UCAR manages NCAR on behalf of the National Science Foundation (NSF).
Cheyenne currently ranks as the 20th fastest supercomputer in the world and the fastest in the Mountain West, although such rankings change as new and more powerful machines begin operations. It is funded by NSF as well as by the state of Wyoming through an appropriation to the University of Wyoming.
Cheyenne is housed in the NCAR-Wyoming Supercomputing Center (NWSC), one of the nation's premier supercomputing facilities for research. Since the NWSC opened in 2012, more than 2,200 scientists from more than 300 universities and federal labs have used its resources.
“Through our work at the NWSC, we have a better understanding of such important processes as surface and subsurface hydrology, physics of flow in reservoir rock, and weather modification and precipitation stimulation,” said William Gern, vice president of research and economic development at the University of Wyoming. “Importantly, we are also introducing Wyoming's school-age students to the significance and power of computing.”
The NWSC is located in Cheyenne, and the name of the new system was chosen to honor the support the center has received from the people of that city. The name also commemorates the upcoming 150th anniversary of the city, which was founded in 1867 and named for the American Indian Cheyenne Nation.
Contour lines and isosurfaces provide valuable information about turbulence and aerodynamic drag in this visualization of air flow through the blades of a wind turbine, the product of a simulation on the NCAR-Wyoming Supercomputing Center's Yellowstone system. (Image courtesy Dimitri Mavriplis , University of Wyoming.)
INCREASED POWER, GREATER EFFICIENCY
Cheyenne was built by Silicon Graphics International, or SGI (now part of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co.), with DataDirect Networks (DDN) providing centralized file system and data storage components. Cheyenne is capable of 5.34 quadrillion calculations per second (5.34 petaflops, or floating point operations per second).
The new system has a peak computation rate of more than 3 billion calculations per second for every watt of energy consumed. That is three times more energy efficient than the Yellowstone supercomputer, which is also highly efficient.
The data storage system for Cheyenne provides an initial capacity of 20 petabytes, expandable to 40 petabytes with the addition of extra drives. The new DDN system also transfers data at the rate of 220 gigabytes per second, which is more than twice as fast as the previous file system's rate of 90 gigabytes per second.
Cheyenne is the latest in a long and successful history of supercomputers supported by the NSF and NCAR to advance the atmospheric and related sciences.
“We're excited to provide the research community with more supercomputing power,” said Anke Kamrath, interim director of NCAR's Computational and Information Systems Laboratory, which oversees operations at the NWSC. “Scientists have access to increasingly large amounts of data about our planet. The enhanced capabilities of the NWSC will enable them to tackle problems that used to be out of reach and obtain results at far greater speeds than ever.”
MORE DETAILED PREDICTIONS
High-performance computers such as Cheyenne allow researchers to run increasingly detailed models that simulate complex events and predict how they might unfold in the future. With more supercomputing power, scientists can capture additional processes, run their models at a higher resolution, and conduct an ensemble of modeling runs that provide a fuller picture of the same time period.
“Providing next-generation supercomputing is vital to better understanding the Earth system that affects us all, ” said NCAR Director James W. Hurrell. “We're delighted that this powerful resource is now available to the nation's scientists, and we're looking forward to new discoveries in climate, weather, space weather, renewable energy, and other critical areas of research.”
Some of the initial projects on Cheyenne include:
Long-range, seasonal to decadal forecasting: Several studies led by George Mason University, the University of Miami, and NCAR aim to improve prediction of weather patterns months to years in advance. Researchers will use Cheyenne's capabilities to generate more comprehensive simulations of finer-scale processes in the ocean, atmosphere, and sea ice. This research will help scientists refine computer models for improved long-term predictions, including how year-to-year changes in Arctic sea ice extent may affect the likelihood of extreme weather events thousands of miles away.
Wind energy: Projecting electricity output at a wind farm is extraordinarily challenging as it involves predicting variable gusts and complex wind eddies at the height of turbines, which are hundreds of feet above the sensors used for weather forecasting. University of Wyoming researchers will use Cheyenne to simulate wind conditions on different scales, from across the continent down to the tiny space near a wind turbine blade, as well as the vibrations within an individual turbine itself. In addition, an NCAR-led project will create high-resolution, 3-D simulations of vertical and horizontal drafts to provide more information about winds over complex terrain. This type of research is critical as utilities seek to make wind farms as efficient as possible.
Space weather: Scientists are working to better understand solar disturbances that buffet Earth's atmosphere and threaten the operation of satellites, communications, and power grids. New projects led by the University of Delaware and NCAR are using Cheyenne to gain more insight into how solar activity leads to damaging geomagnetic storms. The scientists plan to develop detailed simulations of the emergence of the magnetic field from the subsurface of the Sun into its atmosphere, as well as gain a three-dimensional view of plasma turbulence and magnetic reconnection in space that lead to plasma heating.
Extreme weather: One of the leading questions about climate change is how it could affect the frequency and severity of major storms and other types of severe weather. An NCAR-led project will explore how climate interacts with the land surface and hydrology over the United States, and how extreme weather events can be expected to change in the future. It will use advanced modeling approaches at high resolution (down to just a few miles) in ways that can help scientists configure future climate models to better simulate extreme events.
Climate engineering: To counter the effects of heat-trapping greenhouse gases, some experts have proposed artificially cooling the planet by injecting sulfates into the stratosphere, which would mimic the effects of a major volcanic eruption. But if society ever tried to engage in such climate engineering, or geoengineering, the results could alter the world's climate in unintended ways. An NCAR-led project is using Cheyenne's computing power to run an ensemble of climate engineering simulations to show how hypothetical sulfate injections could affect regional temperatures and precipitation.
Smoke and global climate: A study led by the University of Wyoming will look into emissions from wildfires and how they affect stratocumulus clouds over the southeastern Atlantic Ocean. This research is needed for a better understanding of the global climate system, as stratocumulus clouds, which cover 23 percent of Earth's surface, play a key role in reflecting sunlight back into space. The work will help reveal the extent to which particles emitted during biomass burning influence cloud processes in ways that affect global temperatures.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Surely you have heard the one about R+L=J. But what about A+J=T? A+L=J? Beyond the alphabetical arithmetic, there is the question of Stannis Baratheon's Pink Letter, Dany's secret and burgeoning villainry, the supposed trinity of dragon riders — and let us not forget Lady Stoneheart. The North remembers, after all, and so do their many fervent fans.
There is something, in other words, about the Seven Kingdoms and their many complicated inhabitants that seems to inspire just as many, and just as complicated, theories about what it all means, and where the series is potentially headed. A few months back, Vulture rounded up the 50 most popular fan theories about Game of Thrones (as in the HBO show) and A Song of Ice and Fire (as in the book series the show is based on), but there are of course countless more, catalogued and dissected by rabid fans on message-board threads and podcasts. If you have spent any time in these places (not that I have — but I hear things), you know that the craziest of the theories are typically called “tinfoil hat theories,” referencing pop-culture depictions of conspiracy theorists who believe that wearing aluminum foil atop their heads will protect their brains from telepathy and electromagnetic fields.
And that little nod to conspiracy theorists seems very appropriate to Rob Brotherton, a psychologist and the author of the 2015 book Suspicious Minds: Why We Believe Conspiracy Theories, who tells Science of Us that there are indeed some parallels between conspiracy theories about the real world and wackadoodle fan theories about fictional worlds, such as Westeros.
For one, Brotherton explains, “the idea that all is not as it seems, that there's a hidden layer to reality, is a core feature of all conspiracy theories.” There are those who will tell you, for instance, that our own Bran Stark — whom we have known from the very first episode and book — is more than meets the eye. He's not just the second-youngest Stark boy; no, they are secretly every Bran Stark who has ever lived. Believers cite a passage from a Bran point-of-view chapter as proof:
Sometimes Nan would talk to them as if they were them Brandon, the baby they had nursed all those years ago, and sometimes they confused them with their uncle Brandon, who was killed by the Mad King before Bran was even born. They had lived so long, Mother had told them once, that all the Brandon Starks had become one person in their head.
For conspiracy theorists, the so-called “official” story is something to be rejected, “not merely as mistaken hypotheses, but as falsehoods engineered to deceive,” Brotherton said. “Accidents are never accidents, democracy is an illusion, the media peddles lies.” Conspiracy theorists think for themselves.
When it comes to fan theorizing, sometimes, the questioning and theorizing end up being more fun than the eventual, actual answers. As J.K. Rowling was still writing their Harry Potter series, there were some who theorized that Aunt Petunia — one half of the cruel Muggle couple who kept a young Harry in the cupboard under the stairs all those years — might secretly have some magic in them (Her clean kitchen, after all, “had an oddly unreal glitter” to it.) Rowling, alas, later quashed this theory. Sometimes, a clean kitchen is just a clean kitchen. But this speaks to another key component of a conspiracy theory: the assumption “that things are all planned down to the smallest detail,” Brotherton said.
Another pop-culture phenomenon in recent memory that provoked massive amounts of fan theorizing was the mid-2000s TV show Lost, whose writers are still answering questions about whether or not the mysteries and plot twists were planned out ahead of time or improvised. For example, the Dharma Initiative, a writer for Lost revealed in an essay published last spring, was mostly just a hastily thrown together plot point, making the number of hours that I, for one, spent thinking and talking about it seem in retrospect what it always was: a colossal waste of time. “Obviously, shows like this are planned and scripted in advance, but as the Lost writer's essay makes clear, there can be a lot of necessary winging it (for lack of a better term) along the way,” Brotherton said. The tin-foil-hatted among us would rather not hear this.
Last year, Brotherton and University of London psychologist Christopher French published a study in PLOS One identifying what they called an “intentionality bias” common among conspiracy theorists. People who buy into conspiracy theories are also more likely to reject the notion of accidents, or of chance, preferring instead to believe that things happen for a reason. “Conspiracism is a broad phenomenon. It can range from fun, harmless speculation about shows like this, to more serious allegations against governments or other suspected conspirators,” Brotherton explained.
To (greatly) simplify it, our minds prefer patterns to randomness, which means we sometimes see meaning that isn't really there. It's one reason why people see Jesus in their toast, or why some people believe “celebrity deaths come in threes.” “Obviously there will be different political motivations at play for different theories, and some are more plausible than others,” Brotherton added, “but our brains are always looking out for clues and connecting dots.” In the case of fan theories, though, let's not discount the fact that it's also just a ton of fun to take seemingly disparate puzzle pieces and squash them together until you've constructed something resembling a plausible plot line. Plus: It's very fun when you turn out to be correct.
Because here's the thing about conspiracy theories, both fictional and nonfictional: Sometimes, they're true. Last year around this time, Game of Thrones fans were desperately seeking clues to prove that Jon Snow had not actually died — or, if they had, that they would not stay dead for long. Kit Harrington, the actor who plays Jon Snow, told us themselves that their character was a goner. “Trust me, I'm sad, too. But all I know is that he's dead,” they said last June. “When you gotta go, you gotta go.”
This, of course, turned out to be a lie. “Which goes to show,” Brotherton said, “that sometimes the conspiracy theorists get it right.”
One of the first pictures ever taken of the moon by Dr. J. W. Draper of New York, 1840. J. W. Draper—London Stereoscopic Company/Getty Images
One of the first pictures ever taken of the moon by Dr. J. W. Draper of New York, 1840.
At a time of year when days are short and the nights long, we in the northern hemisphere spend a good deal of time gazing at the night sky -- an occupation that has always lent a particular sort of enchantment to our earthbound lives. Humanity's fascination with what's out there is hardly new: the desire to explore uncharted waters and discover new lands speaks volumes about our enduring curiosity, while the hold that a heavenly body like the moon has on our imaginations suggests that we've never limited our ambitions to the terrestrial realm.
We've built monuments and shrines to Earth's seemingly eternal satellite. Ancient charts mapped their movements. Legends and religions rely on their changeable face to explain life and death. And despite their central role in earthly affairs, it's still astonishing to learn that someone made the first detailed photograph of the moon a mere decade and a half after a French inventor named Joseph Nicéphore Niépcethe took the very first photograph in history.
In 1826 or 1827, Niépce made what is widely acknowledged as the first photo — a ghostly but, with effort, recognizable view from an upstairs window at their estate in Burgundy. Ingrained in the notion of photography from the very start, then, is this idea of looking out from within — an exploration of one's place in the world. The need for light, and a lot of it, necessitated that Niépce shoot their picture during the day, in order to properly expose their image for hours.
Fast forward ten years later to 1838, when another French inventor, Louis Daguerre, made the earliest known candid photograph of a person -- a picture of a Parisian shoe-shiner.
Daguerre also made early daguerreotypes of the crescent moon, but it was left to English scientist, chemist and historian John William Draper to make the very first detailed photograph of the full moon in 1840.
This year we mark the Winter Solstice on December 21st: the shortest day of the year and our longest night together with the moon.
John William Draper (1811-1882) was an American scientist, philosopher, physician, chemist, historian and photographer.  They are also credited with producing the first clear photograph of a female face.
Erica Fahr Campbell is an associate photo editor at TIME.
For decades, the spin on BMW's signature roundel — the automaker's logo, which looks like a propeller blade set against a blue sky — was that it represented a propeller blade set against a blue sky. The design was supposedly a tribute to the roots of Bayerische Motoren Werke (or Bavarian Motor Works in English) in the early 20th century, when the company built aircraft engines.
Well, think again.
In last Sunday's Automobiles section, I wrote about visiting a quartet of German car museums. At the BMW Museum in Munich, my affable tour guide, Anne Schmidt-Possiwal, explained that the blue-and-white company logo did not represent a spinning propeller, but was meant to show the colors of the Free State of Bavaria.
I was surprised. My editor was surprised and skeptical (editors are paid to be skeptical). They reached out to BMW North America for clarification. We received a note from Dave Buchko, a company spokesperson, who said “the shape and configuration of the roundel was meant to replicate a spinning propeller against a blue sky background.”
But earlier this week, Mr. Buchko generously allowed in an e-mail message that Ms. Schmidt-Possiwal had been right. Tom Plucinsky, another BMW spokesperson, said in a telephone interview that the company once thought the logo was based on a propeller.
“In fact, I have an old history book here that says it is,” they said. “But this all changed in the past year, with the clarification that the roundel was used in an advertisement next to an airplane. We felt that we had to go back and correct this. Brand studies have shown that the roundel over the years has become one of the most recognizable logos, right up there with the Coke bottle.”
According to a history published on the BMW enthusiast site 318ti.org, the trademark was registered in 1917, and it featured the letters BMW “at the top of the outer ring. The inner featured quadrants in the Bavarian Free State colors of blue and white – but in the opposed order – because it was illegal to use national symbols in a commercial trademark.
“The design was not in any way connected with aircraft engines or propellers. The idea that the blue and white had anything to do with spinning propellers comes from a 1929 advertisement, which featured aircraft with the image of the roundel in the rotating propellers.”
So, apparently, that's that. If you care to make a friendly wager about the topic, feel free to quote Ms. Schmidt-Possiwal and Mr. Plucinsky.
Except, really, doesn't that roundel look like a propeller blade set against a blue sky?
A "What If" look at the girls when they are all grown up, how I wish there would be an official version. It would be really great to see the group back together albeit with more numbers in their age now. Although, I am aware the likelihood of that happening is next to none. Oh, well. One can hope.
As always, if you have enjoyed the comics, make sure to check out the original artist over on Pixiv . For more translations, head on over here . Apologies in advance if I made any mistakes as I am still learning with simple sentences in this 4koma proving to be good training material. Once again, thanks so much for reading and I hope you have a wonderful day ahead.
Ads like this clearly have
Mitt Romney spooked.
When The Washington Post's Tom Hamburger asked the Romney campaign for comment on their story about Bain Capital's investments in outsourcing companies under Mitt Romney, they said no. "Romney campaign officials repeatedly declined requests to comment on Bain's record of investing in outsourcing firms during the Romney era," Hamburger wrote
And when the article came out, the Romney campaign entered a cone of silence, deflecting questions about the story with attacks on President Obama. Their only substantive public comment was to complain that the story didn't distinguish between offshoring and outsourcing. But now that polling is showing the story is doing serious damage to Romney in swing states, the Romney campaign is suddenly changing gears.
Mitt Romney campaign representatives will meet with the Washington Post today to seek a formal retraction of its June 21 report that Bain Capital invested in firms that specialized in outsourcing American jobs, POLITICO has learned. The representatives will meet with executive editor Marcus Brauchli and other senior Post staff at 2 p.m. today at the Post's offices in Washington. The group intends to argue that the Post's allegations against Bain Capital and the firms in question are either incomplete or inaccurate, sources familiar with the meeting say. Specifically, the group will argue that the Post misinterpreted the SEC filings it examined for its report and failed to adequately account for the support these firms gave to U.S. exports or U.S. businesses through foreign hiring.
Romney campaign officials did not respond to repeated requests for an interview or confirmation.
But even though they are demanding the retraction, the campaign is still not going public with its case against the original report. In fact, it wouldn't even comment about the meeting.Sound familiar? At this rate, Willard might as well get "no comment" stamped on their forehead. Presumably if they had a strong case to make, they wouldn't insist on making it behind closed doors. They'd open Bain's books and make their case out in the open. They'd make Mitt Romney available for questions and he'd answer them all day long. But none of that is happening. Instead, we are left to wonder why they are hiding if they have nothing to hide.
@mlcalderone via web Meeting between top WaPo editors and Romney camp over Bain outsourcing piece, in main 5th floor conf room, has wrapped up.
Romneyland, denied. The Washington Post will not retract its story.
"We are very confident in our reporting," Washington Post spokesperson Kris Coratti told POLITICO following a meeting between the Post's executive editor Marcus Brauchli and Mitt Romney campaign representatives, who had sought a retraction from the paper. The Romney campaign would not discuss the meeting. "It was an off the record private meeting so I don't have anything for you on that," campaign press secretary Andrea Saul told POLITICO.
Fitting—and funny—that Romneyland wouldn't discuss the meeting, isn't it?
@aburnspolitico via web Who woulda thought strategy of no-commenting, then demanding retraction, cld fail RT @BuzzFeedAndrew Post will not retract outsourcing story
Is it Christmas already? Because Santa (in our case Niantic) has finally decided to bring Pokémon GO to all the good boys and girls in India. The game is now available in India, nearly five months after its official launch, thanks to a new Reliance Jio and Niantic partnership. The partnership will also result in thousands of Reliance Digital Stores and their select partners in the country to become Pokémon Gyms or PokéStops – a masterstroke by Reliance.
Advertising
“We are delighted to partner with Jio to launch Pokémon GO in India.” said John Hanke, Chief Executive Officer and founder of Niantic. “It's exciting to see Pokémon fans in India step out and explore their neighbourhoods in search of Pokémon and Jio's disruptive high speed 4G LTE Network will be an excellent way to experience the game.”
The extremely popular Augmented Reality game was launched on July 7 and became available in hundreds of countries across the globe, but failed to reach Indian stores until now. The AR game is based on the popular anime TV show, Pokémon, and uses geo-locations to place Pokémon across important landmarks and areas in cities. A player then needs to walk around his/her city to find and catch Pokémon that appear on their screen superimposed on the background of what your camera sees. Pokémon trainers also have to traverse through the city to look for Pokémon Stops to resupply, and fight at Pokémon Gyms to take control of them for their own team.
The game requires a smartphone with an active data connection, camera and GPS to run. The partnership clearly intends to up the subscriptions rates of Reliance Jio connections, which is offering promotional free data, voice calling, roaming and more to all users until March 2017.
Pokémon GO has over 500 million downloads globally said Mathew Oommen, President Reliance Jio. “Our partnership with Niantic not only brings access to the Pokémon GO app but also opens the door to more opportunities for our customers to enjoy content on Jio's one-of-a-kind mobile broadband network,” they added.
Read: Reliance Jio free services now till March 31, 2017: Here are the details
Advertising
As the game reached its popularity in July, most users across India were able to download the game from third-party websites and by using proxy app stores. It is not known as to how many people in India are actively playing the AR game right now, but its official launch might bring a second wave of popularity for it – also, thanks to the free Internet connection from Jio.
In 2010, Apple's fourth-generation iPod touch got two cameras—one for shooting HD videos and photos, one for FaceTime chats. In 2011, the changes to the iPod touch are all based on the new iOS 5, which brings with it iMessage, iCloud, notifications, and Game Center enhancements. Physically, the player is unchanged, except now it's offered in white. The high-res Retina display remains crisp, colorful, and highly responsive to touch. Since the iPod nano ($129, 3 stars) no longer supports video, the 8GB touch is the least-expensive video-playing iPod, starting at $199 direct—a $30 price drop from 2010. The other two models remain $299 (32GB) and $399 (64GB). Despite the hefty price, the iPod touch is still, by far, the best portable media player you can buy—and it retains our Editors' Choice.
Design
There's a new white model, which is white on the front face and mirrored on the back, but the touch retains its 2010 dimensions: 4.4 by 2.3 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and 3.6 ounces. Apple's custom A4 chip powers the device, and the super-sharp Retina display remains 3.5 diagonal inches and 960-by-640 pixels (at 326 pixels per inch). The touch's left-hand panel houses two Volume buttons. A headphone jack, a speaker, and a 30-pin connector for USB computer syncing are on the bottom of the player. The Power button sits up top, and the Home button remains below the display on the front panel. There are two camera lenses—one toward the top of the display, and one on the back, in the top left corner, which is accompanied by a mic. The mirrored back panel is excellent for checking your teeth on the sly, but it picks up fingerprints very easily.
In the box, you'll find a Quick Start Guide, a proprietary USB cable for connecting the touch to your computer, and a pair of Apple signature earbuds. It's a good idea to upgrade those bass-deprived, ill-fitting earbuds to earphones, and our Ultimate Guide to Headphones is a good place to start your search for the right pair.
User Interface
With the inclusion of iOS 5, the iPod touch now becomes a messaging device. It can also use the new iCloud function, which features iTunes in the Cloud, Photo Stream, and Documents in the Cloud, so you can share content wirelessly between your computer, your iPod touch, your iPhone, and your iPad. Another useful new feature is Notifications, which works with just about any relevant app to keep you informed about updates and friends' responses. For more about what iOS 5 can do, check out PCMag's full review, or read on here to discover some of the nuances that improve the iPod touch's performance.
Audio and Video
Navigating the music menus on the iPod touch is completely intuitive. First off, there are so many ways to do it—using CoverFlow, searching Artist or Song, or perusing playlists. Apple has made everything fast and easy—scroll song or artist lists by dragging a finger or skip ahead to a letter on the scrollable alphabet on the right side of the screen. The Now Playing view is a showcase for album art, and you can play music while you surf the Web, view photos, or even play games.
By itself, the iPod touch is a fine audio device—plug in a pair of good-quality headphones and you won't be disappointed with the frequency range and overall audio quality. To my continuing disappointment, Apple still offers its stock, subpar earbuds. Audiophiles listening to Lossless tracks on the touch will be best served by leaving the EQ off. The settings Apple provides are presets; there's still no user-customizable EQ. Extra features like Shake to Shuffle, Volume Limit, and Sound Check can all be enabled or disabled easily.
The iTunes Store can be accessed via Wi-Fi for on-the-spot music and video purchases. Video looks fantastic on the Retina display. YouTube and Netflix will not look as sharp as video purchased from the iTunes Store, of course, but the speed with which video can be cued up without stuttering is impressive. Again, this is dependent on the strength of your Wi-Fi signal.
The touch integrates Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR and 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi, though 802.11n only operates on the 2.4GHz band. Nike+ iPod support is also included for those who want to use the touch to help keep in shape.
Camera
The rear-facing camera records video in HD (720p), up to 30fps, capturing audio through the rear panel mic. Still photos max out at 960 by 720 pixels. This amounts to less than a megapixel, and compared with the iPhone 4S ($199.99-$399.99, 4.5 stars) and its 8-megapixel rear camera, the quality in images is stark. (See the slideshow for a side-by-side comparison.) The front-facing camera, intended for FaceTime video chat, offers lower resolutions: VGA-quality for photos and videos, again, up to 30fps.
Camera operation couldn't be more intuitive. An onscreen slide control toggles between still and video camera modes, and an icon in the lower left takes you to your gallery, where you can peruse your photos and videos. Video footage plays back onscreen with a scroll tool that shows a thumbnail timeline of your footage, making skipping to a certain spot easy. You can trim your footage on the player by dragging your finder over the thumbnail timeline of the footage and selecting segments to cut.
Capturing video is achieved by pressing the red Record button onscreen when in video camera mode, and tapping it again to end recording. The screen acts as your viewfinder and everything moves along in real time without stuttering. Low-light situations will make for some noisy footage, but in well-lit scenarios, the touch's video looks colorful and crisp. Uploading your video to YouTube or sending it as an email attachment, provided you have a Wi-Fi connection, is made easy with a button in the lower left-hand corner of the screen that walks you through a streamlined process to do either.
Unlike the iPhone 4S's camera, the iPod touch's has no flash, which makes low-light—particularly back-lit—scenarios rather challenging. You get 5x digital zoom for photos, which is activated by moving the slider on the screen above the on-screen shutter button, but zooming in creates noticeable artifacts. Landscape shots in adequate lighting look decent for a camera built into a player, and well-lit portraits look sharper than you'd expect, provided you don't zoom in too far. Like videos, photos can be sent out immediately via email, or you can assign a photo to be your new wallpaper or a friend's contact photo, all by pressing the lower left-hand button when viewing your image.
iMessage and FaceTime
iOS 5 brings iMessage to the iPod touch. If you use an iPhone, the difference between an iMessage and a text message is pretty much undetectable—they appear the same in your Messages app. However, iMessage uses Wi-Fi rather than a carrier's signal, which means that Wi-Fi devices, like the iPod touch, are invited to the party. Not invited: Devices not running iOS 5. Still, any friends of yours with an iPhone, iPod touch, or iPad can now be sent virtual texts via iMessage—all you need is a wireless signal. This means you can send them photo and video straight from your iPod touch, too.
FaceTime still works quite well—images are fairly crisp and clear, aided by the smaller screen, and it's easy to understand what your chat partner is saying. Of course, this is contingent on your Wi-Fi signal being strong, but in ideal scenarios, it's not much different than video chatting on a laptop. However, Google Talk has a bit of an advantage over FaceTime, in that it works across multiple operating systems. You can, for instance, chat on Google Talk between a Motorola Xoom ($599, 3.5 stars) and an Apple laptop; FaceTime, like iMessage, only works between iOS devices and some Apple computers. But what began as a portable media player with no camera now has video chat and virtual text messaging capabilities—even with its iOS 5-only limitations, that is quite impressive.
Gaming and Apps
In 2010, Apple introduced Game Center, a feature that encourages you to find a friend—either someone you know or a stranger with an iPod touch or an iPhone—to play real-time games. Your success (or failure) earns you a ranking you can use for bragging rights or to seek out opponents with similar skill levels. With iOS 5, Game Center gets a few new features, like the ability to purchase new games from within the app and add photos to your profile.
Meanwhile, the App Store, which is accessed via Wi-Fi, is loaded with single-player, accelerometer-driven games like Zombie Highway, that look fantastic on the Retina display. There are more than 500,000 apps with a range far too wide to detail here. If you're familiar with the iPhone or iPod touches past, you know the possibilities are endless.
Web, Email, and Notifications
Surfing in Safari on the iPod touch is a great experience. Now that the Zune HD (4.5 stars), which was also a strong Internet device, is officially a relic, the iPod touch offers the strongest Web experience on any device this size that isn't a mobile phone. Still, there are some annoyances. Given Apple's stance on Flash support, you shouldn't expect it on any iPod or iPhone anytime soon, and that's the single advantage competing mobile browsers can offer.
Email remains easy to customize and use—AOL, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, Microsoft Exchange, and mobileMe remain options in the mail section, where you can also add an iCloud account. Multiple accounts can be synced via Exchange.
With the new notifications features in iOS 5, email notifications appear on-screen, as well as app notifications—say, when your opponent makes a new play or a friend comments on your Facebook post. Notifications appear on the Lock screen (Alerts), at the top of the home screen (Banners), just over the app's icon (Badges), and you can choose between various combinations of the three for each app—or to turn them off completely.
Battery Life and Conclusions
Apple rates the battery life for the iPod touch at an impressive 40 hours for audio and seven hours for video. We ran two different battery rundown tests. Playing music with Wi-Fi off and Auto-Lock set to one minute, we got a great result: 47 hours and 25 minutes. Playing video with Wi-Fi on and the screen set to full brightness, we got 5 hours, 32 minutes of video playback. At half brightness, we got more than eight hours. That's enough for a good day's worth of use.
There are very few devices left that you can actually compare directly with the iPod touch, though both Sony and Samsung have announced, but not yet shipped Android-based PMPs. Many manufacturers have thrown in the towel and are taking on slightly less daunting targets, like the iPod nano or the iPod shuffle ($49, 3.5 stars), or are focusing on tablets instead. The only real problem with the touch is its high price—especially if you want a decent amount of storage. But with an entry point of $199, you do get a camera, HD video recording, messaging and video chat, a music and video player, portable gaming, the Web, email, and apps all in one slick, pocket-size package. It was true when it first debuted, and even more so now: No other portable media player can compete with the iPod touch.
More MP3 Player Reviews:
 Apple iPod touch (2015)
 Apple iPod touch (2014)
 Apple iPod touch (2013)
 PlayMG MG
 Iriver Astell & Kern AK100
 more
The recently released Project Veritas videos have revealed that the DNC organized protests and violence at Trump rallies. We noted that in the video a yellow and black protest sign was framed on the wall. At Directorate we had identified the yellow and black signs as the sign of organized “non-grassroots” protests but the video lets us confirm that almost all the protests were funded by the DNC and Hillary Campaign.
Note the yellow & black sign on the wall.
Now let's look at the Trump protests over the past year:
Let's look a bit closer at that sign…
Actors. People paid to protest. Look at these women and their faces. They are all looking down, almost ashamed of what they are doing for the corrupt DNC. But they need the money.
Yes, ALL the media stories about the people being angry with Trump and protesting them were false and pure propaganda paid for by the DNC. The corporate media reports the fake news that the corporate owned DNC creates.
Will the corporate media cover this story? Nope. It's up to the people to share, post and make others aware of the truth!
UPDATE: 10/26/16
Trump's hotel protest also orchestrated by same DNC thugs.
That's why the woman has such a passive face.  They are paid to be there and carry the sign by the DNC. The media covers it to pretend it's a valid viewpoint when no one really holds that viewpoint or it is statistically non-existent.
We now project a 313 electoral vote blowout based upon the latest primaries model and the Sanders effect – only 52% of Sanders voters will vote Hillary.
Advertisements
Alfred Sirleaf is a blogger. Not just any blogger - no sir, Alfred is an analog blogger. They run the "Daily News," a news hut in the middle of Monrovia, the capital of a Liberia, a country on the west coast of Africa. The lack of electricity doesn't even faze him:
Alfred serves as a reminder to the rest of us, that simple is often better, just because it works. The lack of electricity never throws them off. The lack of funding means he's creative in ways that they recruit people from around the city and country to report news to him. They use their cell phone as the major point of connection between them and the 10,000 (he says) that read their blackboard daily.
Not all Liberians who read their news are literate, so they make use of symbols. Whether it's a UN or military helmet, a poster of a soccer player or a bottle of colored water to denote gas prices, they are determined to get the message out in any way that they can.
President Barack Obama wants the United States to develop a solar industry, but it's tough for new solar companies to compete against established players in China and Europe, which have already invested in manufacturing equipment and found ways to drive down costs. One away to get around this could be to invent new, and far cheaper manufacturing methods. Now one start-up, 1366 Technologies, has demonstrated just such a process to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, in Golden, CO.
Solar cell manufacturing today is a slow and convoluted process. First you use extremely expensive processing techniques to produce ultra-pure ingots of silicon, then you saw the ingots up into extremely thin wafers. In the process you throw out half of the silicon you took all that trouble to purify as sawdust. 1366 is developing a way to take the ultra pure silicon and make wafers without any sawing. It wastes less of the pricey material, and it's potentially much faster than other methods. This can increase the amount of solar cells you can make (which reduces overall costs). They're cagey about the details, but it seems to involve pouring out molten silicon.
About six months ago, NREL gave 1366 Technologies $500,000 to try to demonstrate the process. At the time, all they'd done is show that the technique works with tin. They were given a year to prove it worked with silicon, but they've already finished, demonstrating that the process can make small, 1-inch silicon wafers, which were used to fabricate solar cells that are more efficient than many of the solar cells currently on the market (so-called thin-film cells made of CdTe or amorphous silicon). The company is now scaling up the process to make 6-inch wafers, and working to improve the efficiency to about 16 percent, which would be competitive with crystalline solar cells from established manufacturers.
The technology is the invention of Emanuel Sachs, a professor of mechanical engineering at MIT. They previously came up with a technique for making wafers without sawing, but that process was much slower than the new one, and wasn't compatible with conventional solar cell fabrication equipment. The new process is compatible, and promises to be faster. It could reduce the cost of making wafers by over 70 percent, says Frank van Mierlo, the CEO of 1366.
The famous Freedom City, detailed site of Mutants & Masterminds campaigns in the game's second edition. The city saw a 250+ page sourcebook, five different neighborhood sourcebooks, a book of superpowered legacies, a book of street-level heroes, a book of special agents in Freedom City, and a book of criminals. That's a whole lot and the level of detail has inspired a lot of love for Freedom City over the years. In that case, it's hardly surprising that people (including me) are pretty excited about the new version of the city for M&M Third Edition.
The design of this book is very similar to the guides to Emerald City, looking like a travel guide with lots of awesome graphics to spark the imagination. It's also organized into a Freedom City Player's Guide and Secrets of Freedom City just like the support books for the Emerald City Knights campaign. After those come two more counterpart books called Heroes of Freedom City and Villains of Freedom City, which are pretty self-explanatory. We'll go through these one at a time to see what awaits in this new version of Freedom City.
More than the design, Freedom City itself has been advanced forward in time to reflect a new generation of supers. Like it's “sister city” of Emerald City on the west coast, things have gone down in Freedom City lately which might really shake up your Mutants & Masterminds campaign. Under the Honorable Mayor Calliope Summers the city has grown and shifted, though it's still very recognizable. It even uses the same map! The shifts are subtle and you'd be forgiven for missing a lot of it but the changes are more than cosmetic facelifts.
Freedom City Player's Guide
First of all, I really like the explicit delineation of what is player knowledge and what is character knowledge. It's a development that happened a while ago (honestly, they should have made this clearer in the last edition of Freedom City) but it's a great way to organize this book. The introduction to Freedom City advances the last timeline a decade from the building of the Freedom League's orbital Lighthouse Base (the most recent event last time) through 2015. The timeline is left to the Secrets chapter, though, so we'll do the same. The Downtown, northern, western, and southern parts of the city are discussed… using the same language mostly as the last edition. There are a few good updates of language (specifically saying that Dr. Metropolis “grew” buildings downtown, for instance) but really it's the organization that's an improvement: the last edition was written like an atlas, this one is written like a travel guide. It's in character and fast to peruse.
After discussing the various sections of the city, the book goes into “Life in Freedom City” which is very intimate and really serves to bring the city to life. Like the last edition, it goes through business, education, the arts, health care, the media, the military, parks, religion, restaurants, science, social life, sports, street life, and even major utilities. If you've seen other editions of Freedom City you have seen a lot of this (though the updates are interesting) but if you haven't then just know there's everything in here for when your players ask those annoying questions like “what's the local news station?”
Finally, there's a chapter discussing a Freedom City Series with inspirations for all sorts of heroic backgrounds, frameworks (from new heroes to superpowered students to patriots). Some farther out-there frameworks follow with big changes to the setting and how they might play out (supers are outlawed, the city has an alien ghetto, or a parallel Silver Storm hits Freedom City). A lot of the changes to the Freedom League and the Atom Family (see those below) mean that there is more of a vacuum for local heroes to make their name which is a great development. There's also a great discussion of Legacies for those players familiar with the last Freedom City and looking to connect their new character to the old.
Secrets of Freedom City
This section of the book covers the history of the city, insulating it from player knowledge. Maybe some PCs know something about the city's past (particularly if it ties to their origins) but this stuff is all earmarked as GM knowledge by default. The information in this chapter is organized differently and under different section headings but a lot of it is a retelling of the history you may know and love from Freedom City in the last edition. There's new material, though, to extend the timeline from where it previously ended in 2015. Since it's current events, I feel comfortable summing up these new elements.
The timeline previously ended with the Freedom League building their satellite (literally) headquarters called the Lighthouse and expanding its ranks to become a global force instead of one dedicated to just Freedom City. They also found time that year to counter a bioterrorist plot by SHADOW and then in 2006 they foiled an attack by a group of supervillains modeling themselves after the plagues in Exodus. In 2007 there's a new head of AEGIS in the city, a group of teen heroes arrive from another dimension and joins Claremont Academy, and Chase Atom graduates from high school.
In 2008 the sorceress Seven starts their apprenticeship while Taurus (leader of the Labyrinth) starts a Shadow Academy to rival Claremont. Dr. Simian makes a female clone of Johnny Rocket to attack them and Mayor O'Connor retires to be replaced by a business mogul (ugh). The next year Doc Otaku turns 18 and vows to clean up their act and Gamma (the “Atom Smasher”) is cured of their powers by Dr. Atom. In 2010 Siren leaves the Freedom League and the mysterious Centuria arrives from an alternate Earth. The year 2011 is quiet but then in 2012 marriage equality arrives in the city and Johnny Rocket marries their boyfriend and a bunch of stuff happens in other locations.
An influx of alien refugees from the Lor Republic arrives in 2013 and are temporarily housed offshore by Daedalus. The business-mogul mayor starts cracking down on “illegal aliens” (double-ugh) and Seven, now the city's Master Mage, battles the Queen of the Netherworld and is forced to take on the mantle themselves after the fight. The Raven gives up their mantle in 2014 and hands it off to one of the Claremont Academy teen heroes while Daedalus begins moving those aliens off Earth and to a special colony on Europa.
Lots of stuff is happening in other corners of the setting (mostly in space) but this sets you up for third edition adventures in Freedom City: there's a lot the same, but there are plenty of changes and opportunities to bring new heroes into the story. The other sections of the Secrets of Freedom City portion of this book are too detailed to sum up but they outline individual neighborhoods, law enforcement issues, and the city's criminal underworld in similarly creative ways.
Heroes of Freedom City
First up is a description of the Atom Family for M&M 3e with some gritty changes to turn the cute, superpowered family into something with some bite. Of course, this already happened in a Threat Report so it's not entirely new material. The updates of Dr. Tomorrow and Foreshadow are totally new, though, and all of these guys have many more connections that take them away from Freedom City with some frequency.
New versions of the Freedom League are in the book but a quarter of the roster has changed from the last book. This seems an alright amount of nostalgia but it feels like it could be a little more… Each of the members gets a little more added to their backstory: Bowman is starting to consider their family business (sounds familiar), Daedalus is just back from a jaunt through the stars (something I've already mentioned in my invasion campaign), Doctor Metropolis is as inscrutable as ever, and Johnny Rocket has a new maturity and a new outfit to match (again, sounds familiar). All of those guys were in Emerald City Knights 2 but you might not have that particular niche item in your collection anyways. In general, though, the focus and membership of the Freedom League is much bigger than in the old days and they can't always rush to the help of Freedom City.
Pseudo is… actually I don't know where they ended up but with all the stuff in the Cosmic Handbook he's probably out cleaning up the galaxy. The Raven retired as did the last edition's Lady Liberty, although young Sonia Gutierrez now carries the Spirit of Liberty (I guess because a Pakistani woman was a little too on-the-nose). Siren has been a reserve member since the Deepwater Horizon spill and Star Knight is in semi-exile out in space. Centuria is a new member of the team, fresh out of Claremont Academy (most of the updates for that are handled in the Hero High book) who is your average flying powerhouse except that their last name of “Leeds” should clue you in that she's related to the departed Centurion (basically Superman).
Another new recruit is really an old one in disguise: the armored and electrified Thunderbolt is actually Bolt from the last version of Freedom City. Back then they were a puckish teen hero in the Next-Gen team of Claremont Academy, and also the son of the famed Captain Thunder, but now he's taken their dad's place in the Freedom League. Incidentally, Emerald Knights 2 also featured the young sorceress Seven as part of the League but they actually show up in the Villains book (she is currently Queen of the Netherworld as described above… it's a whole thing).
Villains of Freedom City
The first group in this book is the Annihilists who have a fearsome name that, frankly, they don't really deserve. They are the sort of campy villains you'd expect from Silver Age side projects (the worst offender is the Physician Friendly and their army of Nightmare Nurses, I kid you not) and it's all the weirder because they serve as the Black Order to M&M‘s version of Thanos: Omega, Lord of the Terminus (also updated in this book). Sort of a missed opportunity to me. Other camp includes the return of Captain Kraken, Conundrum, Megaladon the Man-Shark, Quirk (at least he's easier to spell than Mxyzptlk), the Silver Scream, and Toy Boy. Joining them is brand-new camp like Doc Holiday (it's worse than you think, their powers are themed after holidays), Goanna (really just a reworked Lizard, not the awesome webcomic character), and Knightfire (the KKK-themed White Knight from the last edition, but now he's on fire!).
Villains, I am excited to see return include Argo, the Collective, the Curator, Downtime, Fear-Master, Gamma, the Green Man, Hades, the HellQueen, Jack-a-Knives, Lady Lunar, Magpie, the Meta-Grue, Mr. Infamy, the Silencer, Superior, and Warden. I guess I'm also happy about the Brotherhood of the Yellow Sign, just on principle. There are also some new villains who I will mostly leave to your reading, but I will point out (again) the Seven is in here as the new Queen of the Underworld, Madame Zero (like Mr. Freeze only better), and the alien hunter Syzygy.
The Labyrinth makes a return, alongside SHADOW, the bizarro-world Tyranny Syndicate, and the techno-terrorists of the Foundry, mostly with just updated stats. The Crime League also returns and, like the Freedom League, there are some old faces and some new. Devil Ray, Dr. Simian, Dr. Stratos, Medea, Orion the Hunter, and Wildcard are still around (Black Star is up in space and thankfully Hiroshima Shadow and the Maestro are just plain gone). The Freebooter is no longer solo but has joined the team, while the all-new Tom Cypress is sort of a mix between Killer Croc and Swamp Thing that really works for me.
Advertisements
Originally posted to It's Going Down
Hi friends. Sometimes writing this column feels a lot like sitting on our porch with good friends, smoking too many cigarettes and plotting the demise of our many enemies. There are times when it's jokes and burns. There are other times when it is a dark and angry lament against everything awful that is aimed at destroying us. Thanks for coming to the porch and fucking around with us. We're glad you're here. It is those plotting moments with friends that keep us from tumbling into a deep pit of immobilizing despair during what are sometimes shockingly sad times.
The reality is that we can't stay on the porch forever. We have to take those plots and realize them. We're trying. Our friends are trying. We're fucking proud of every last banner drop, letter to someone on the inside, long meeting, graffiti scrawled on that overpass, cop memorial vandalized, nazi punched and penny scrounged for bail or legal funds. With that in mind, let's take a look at Black December across the world:
A little pre-gaming occurred in Mexico, when ATMs were sabotaged, and in São Paulo, when four banks were firebombed. In Santiago, Chile, the locks and doors of an “Exotic” pet shop were sabotaged on December 1st. Also on December 1st, comrades in Tijuana, Mexico left insurgent messages on the walls along Diaz Ordaz Blvd. The graffiti sent greetings to Carlos Lopez “El Chivo”. Elsewhere in Mexico, the Non Terrae Plus Ultra Destructive Cell left an incendiary device in the parking lot of the Xochimilco Borough Building. Claimed in response to the call for a Black December and in solidarity with all those kidnapped by the State. An impressive action worth mentioning specifically in Greece, on December 4th an incendiary attack was carried out against the house of the former Minister of the PASOK party. Even more than targeting the residence of a formal politician, the communique delivered by this cell is particularly interesting, and outlines further their reasoning behind such a target. You can read it in full, with pictures of the damage, here. On December 6th comrades claimed responsibility for an attack on a Suzuki dealership in Berlin. Also on December 6th, a spontaneous demo in memory of Alexandros and in solidarity with anarchist prisoners took the streets in Madrid. In Barcelona, several actions were claimed throughout the week, including fire set to security company vehicles, attacks on ATMs and bank windows, and fire and other destruction of urban structures.
To finish out this section and move us on to prisoner updates, please read the responses to the call for a Black December by U.S. anarchist prisoners Sean Swain and Michael Kimble.
Black December is coming, and none too soon. We've hashed out our theories and we've analyzed our reality, we know what kind of future we want and what we are going to have to tear apart in order to get it. The time for philosophizing and talking it out has ended and we face the inevitable moment of conflict with the forces of control and conformity and subjugation. December really is the perfect starting point, here in the U.S. anyway. It's the darkest month of the year, the most non-daylight hours to carry our acts of resistance and rebellion. Also, in the cold, everyone wears ski masks. So, a rebel about to strike a Walmart or a police car or some fascist administrator's house doesn't look quite as conspicuous as they or they might look in, say, July or August in the same gear. Having read the Black December proposals, I would like to speak to those who are, so far, paralyzed by fear and skepticism, who still don't believe that we can undertake radical, militant actions against the common enemy, that political violence even of the clandestine variety is doomed, and that it's okay to “play” at being anarchists, but it's foolhardy for us to put our proverbial money where our mouths are. I want to speak to that fatalism, but I currently have no way to communicate with the outside world because the FBI, likely the NSA, and a sprawling prison industrial complex have all devoted huge amounts of resources and effort to cut off my every word. So, clearly, you're not reading this, and I'm unable to speak to your fatalism. … Despite its projection of invulnerability, the larger control program we have to take down is really a constantly-unraveling mess too dependent on too many sprawling systems that are left unguarded for miles (a truckload of shoes dumped from an overpass can stop a workforce from entering a city for hours) and power is too concentrated in the hands of the few (who must be protected from the many), but there are not enough guards to put guards on the guards, or to put guards on the guards' guards, and even if there were, they all must drive home. We're talking about vulnerabilities here. Very serious ones. So, let's break that paralysis and start living our resistance, even if on a small scale, baby steps, and we build, all through those dark December nights, until we find ourselves in the midst of a Black January or a Black February, and by then the police will be patrolling in those military vehicles like we saw in Ferguson. Good thing. By Black May, we'll need those. We'll have to defend the armed convergences that the Invisible Committee predicts, and we'll evolve Occupy into Shockupy. It begins with one proverbial fire alarm. Just six pounds of pressure to pull the lever. We own the future. It starts now. If you're participating in Black December, you ARE the resistance… Sean Swain
Today, Josh Williams was sentenced to eight years on the charges of arson, burglary and stealing in relation to protests after the death of Antonio Martin, 18, who was fatally shot Dec. 23, 2014 by a Berkeley, Missouri cop. We foolishly dared to read the comments in the above linked article from St. Louis Post Dispatch. Nothing good comes from comment sections. Amongst the obvious racist garbage from those who reside in the white suburbs of St. Louis there was something far more disturbing to us. “Supporters,” of Josh's who referred to their “crime,” and how it was all just a terrible “mistake.” Nope. Let's back up “supporters.” Can we stop using the state's fucking narratives and appealing to liberal do-gooders who don't give a fuck about Josh, Antonio Martin or fill-in-the-blank with the name of every Black youth who is murdered by the pigs or imprisoned by them? It's gross.
Angry rant aside, keep an eye out here for updates as to how folks can show Josh further support through the course of their time in prison. Folks got your back, Josh. Fuck the cops and fuck the state.
Ever wonder if all this anti-repression work and prisoner support work is fucking adding up and making any impact? Ever feel like we're fucking losing all of the time and you're beyond exhausted? Read this letter from Support for Daniel McGowan immediately. Prep before hand with a handkerchief or two, because you're probably going to cry a little bit. Then when you finish reading it and blowing your nose, write a couple letters to Daniel's co-defendants Rebecca Rubin and Justin Solondz:
Rebecca Rubin #98290-011
FCI Dublin
5701 8th Street – Camp Parks
Dublin, California 94568
Birthday: April 18
Rebecca Rubin is serving a 5 year sentence for their role in a series of Earth Liberation Front (ELF) actions including the arson of the Vail Ski Resort Expansion and US Forest Industries. They also participated in the liberation of horses and the arson of Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Wild Horse Facilities in Litchfield, California and Burns, Oregon. Rebecca is expected to be released in September, 2017. You can buy Rebecca a book (or 5!) at http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2EEY8SICPOC9D Justin Solondz #98291-011
FCI Oakdale I
Post Office Box 5000
Oakdale, Louisiana 71463
Birthday: October 3
Justin Solondz pleaded guilty to conspiracy and arson for theirs
involvement in the Earth Liberation Front (ELF) arson of the University of Washington's Center for Urban Horticulture in 2001 and the Romania Chevrolet dealership in Eugene, Oregon. Justin was imprisoned in China for three years prior to extradition. Their anticipated release date is 9/23/2017.
Speaking of prisoner support and anti-repression work. Looks like The International Anti-Fascist Defence Fund has been up to some dope support work in their first six months! These folks have raised over $1700 thus far and are looking to garner some monthly supporters. Throwing in a few bucks to support antifa across the globe sounds like a dope New Year's resolution for you and your buddies:
HELP US HELP OUR BROTHERS & SISTERS IN THE FIGHT AGAINST HATE! If you agree that fighting hate is not a crime; if you believe that anti-fascism is self-defence; and if you want to show real solidarity with your fellow antifa, please make a donation to The International Anti-Fascist Defence Fund and encourage people you know to join you in donating. You can make a monthly recurring donation to the Fund here. You can make a one-time donation via paypal here. A donation of at least $20U.S./€20/£15 gives you a voice in the funding decisions. Please help us help our friends in the antifa movement! Donate to the Fund and spread the word!
The bullshit “welfare checks,” that have been happening in Pelican Bay SHU and other solitary units for months on end continue. Folks on the inside are being sleep deprived and tortured in attempts for retribution and intimidation.
On Nov 30th, the 119th day of interrupted sleep 48 times a day, about 20 people took part in an EMERGENCY PROTEST at CDCr headquarters in Sacramento to stop these so-called “security/welfare checks” being done every 30 minutes in the Pelican Bay SHU and other solitary units in CA prisons.
There are specific calls for support from the prisoners and those who are organizing alongside them from the outside. Calling a prison can feel weird, intimidating or just enraging. We get that. Following provided scripts during campaigns like this can help with those feelings. You can also wing it and harness some of those awkward feelings to make for a very uncomfortable phone conversation with the asshole at the prison who answers the phone. That being a personal favorite here at Bloc Party. Here are all the details on the email and call in campaign:
SEND EMAILS to
STOP the 30 minute ‘checks' This link will help you easily send an email to Gov. Brown and the Assembly and Senate Public Safety Committees to stop the so-called security and welfare checks! http://bit.ly/1keDTUG MAKE CALLS to STOP 30 minute ‘checks' in Pelican Bay SHU Governor Brown: 916.445.2841 916-323-6001 CDCR Secretary Jeffrey Beard: Pelican Bay State Prison: 707.465.1000 CDCR Ombudsman 916.445-1773
CDCR: 916.445.7688 Suggested script for calls:
Your name, what city/state you live in Tell all of them: Stop the 30 minutes welfare checks in solitary confinement at Pelican Bay State Prison. Sleep Deprivation is Torture.
Remember bad kids, the size and scope of the action isn't always important, it is the cacophony of actions, in a coordinated way, stretching across multiple terrains of struggle that Black December seeks to encourage. We want to document these things, even when they seem so far away, because we think the proposal for an international anarchist insurgent strategy is showing itself to be a real and tangible threat. Of course, the full scope won't begin to show itself until after the dust settles, and we still have 3 more weeks to go! Hopefully, those of us in North America who are not so tuned into what is happening in other parts of the world will be inspired to act and make contributions to this month as well. However small they may be!
Jared Pelletier, director, (PT 2) is an internationally recognized film director from Toronto, who first gained exposure at 18 with a shortlisted film at the Festival de Cannes. They have gone on to win numerous festival awards for more than five different films. Their WWII epic "In the Hearts of Men" 2011 , swept all major production awards including Best Director, Best Picture, and Best Editing at the Arizona Film and Media Expo. In February of 2011 Jared made their new project public, a short that would change the possibilities of visual effects in independent films, the movie is called "Halo: Faith". With over 14,000 Facebook fans gained before a single frame of the film released, the project is regarded a massive success. A teaser trailer released in November, 2011 to mixed but mostly positive feedback from fans; Feedback from the industry, however, has been massively positive. Pelletier was given the opportunity to direct commercials for notable organizations such as FIFA, and received major feature film offers.  They are currently working with writer Matthew Kingshott on an upcoming sci-fi horror film. Kingshott has most recently worked with Michael Bassett, director of the upcoming "Silent Hill 3D". Pelletier's 2011 success did not end there, as on November 25th, 2011, they released a trailer to a proof of concept "BioShock" film, based on a massively popular video game much like "Halo: Faith". The trailer gained universal acclaim, and was featured on IGN.com, Yahoo News, Joystiq, and over 20 other major news outlets in just days after release. Today, Pelletier has feature films in various stages of production, along with a major short to release in the Summer of 2012 based on Christopher Nolan's popular "Batman" series. Stay tuned to Rex Sikes' Movie Beat for other great interviews, cast & crew listings, events, premieres & more at rexsikes.com
Warsaw: The United Nations announced Thursday that it will hold its 2018 Climate Change Conference in Katowice, a Polish city in the heart of a coal-producing region that is one of the most polluted areas in all of Europe.
Environmentalists welcomed the decision and said they hope it will inspire the development of renewable energy in an area whose economy is dependent on coal and heavy industry.
Ilona Jedrasik, a Warsaw-based spokesperson for environmental group ClientEarth, said they hope "it will give a strong signal to the local community that our economy needs transformation to one based on low emissions technology and green energy."
There are actually many local initiatives to develop green energy that are little-known and which should be encouraged, they said.
"Those in the coal industry know we need to do this but don't get any direction from the government to make the transition," they said.
The choice of Katowice was announced Thursday during a meeting in Tuczno, Poland, between Polish Environment Minister Jan Szysko and Patricia Espinosa, the executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Espinosa said that 2018 will be an "important year for international climate diplomacy as nations move forward to implement the Paris Climate Change Agreement."
Poland also hosted such conferences in 2008 in Poznan and in 2013 in Warsaw, and presided over a meeting in Bonn in 1999.
A group of nine student journalists from the Medill National Security Journalism Initiative have created a website as part of a project to report on the US energy security situation. An incredibly interesting article on the site, and written by Dana Ballout, looks at how oil travels around the world on the seas, and where the vulnerable choke points are.
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration
The Strait of Hormuz is the busiest passageway for oil tankers in the world, with over 17 million barrels (or 20% of the total world supply) moving through the narrow stretch of water each day. Disruption to this flow could severely damage global oil markets and so protecting the straits is an important job; and one of the most critical that the US Navy carries out.
Related articles: OPEC Falling Apart at the Seams
Roger Stern, a professor at the University of Tulsa National Energy Policy Institute, wrote a study in 2010 in which they estimated that the US had spent $8 trillion on protecting oil cargoes in the Persian Gulf since 1976, when its military presence in the region was boosted following the first Arab oil embargo. This is all despite the fact that only 10% of the oil passing through the straits is actually destined for the US.
Stern explained the true meaning behind the US's reasons for heading to the Gulf en masse in an interview: “The fear grew out of a belief not just in a global peak oil, but a strong CIA conviction, that was shared by the National Security Council, that the Soviets were running out of oil, that their production was going to tank in just a few years and the Soviets had no choice but to march to the Persian gulf to get oil, so that was the rationale for the idea that a force was needed.”
I recommend the full article on Oil Change for interesting read and further breakdown on other choke points around the world.
By. James Burgess of Oilprice.com
The Portlands Energy Centre is a 550 megawatt natural gas power plant located on Unwin Avenue in the portlands. It is a combined cycle facility, which means that power is produced by two different types of generators. There are two natural gas turbines that burn natural gas to spin turbines, similar to jet engines, that spin the generators to produce electricity. The exhaust heat from this combustion is used to produce steam and spin a steam powered generator. This two stage generation is much more efficient than traditional steam generation.
The Portlands Energy Centre is capable of being started up and shut down on quickly to provide electricity during peak periods when demand is high, or when supply from other sources is low. The 550 megawatts produced are enough to power 100,000 homes. The facility was opened in 2006, and cost $730 million to build.
The nearby Hearn Generating Station was decommissioned in 1983 and produced 1200 megawatts from its 12 steam powered turbines. The massive building required 600 employees to operate. Compare that to the new Portlands Energy Centre that can produce half the energy, with only 3 turbines and 27 employees.
The site contains a garden and a colony of bees that are cared for by a beekeeper, which pollinate the surrounding area on the portlands and Leslie Spit.
Visitors were offered a rare opportunity to tour the facility at Doors Open Toronto.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Print
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201704/677/1155968404_5387831581001_5387823288001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Trump: 'Nobody really knows' what will happen with China meeting
President Donald Trump said Thursday morning that “nobody really knows” what will happen at their meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping, where they said issues surrounding trade and North Korea's recent missile test are expected to be on the table.
“Well, it's going to be very interesting. Nobody really knows,” Trump told Fox News' Pete Hegseth in an impromptu interview on “Fox & Friends,” the president's preferred morning news show. “We have not been treated fairly on trade for many, many years. No president's taken care of that the way they should have. And we have a big problem with North Korea; we're going to see what happens.”
Story Continued Below
As a presidential candidate, Trump made getting tough with China a regular talking point, promising to label it a currency manipulator on Day One of their administration. But while the president has continued making their pledge to put the U.S. in a stronger position on international trade, they have yet to follow through on their promise to name China a currency manipulator.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
On North Korea, which tested a ballistic missile earlier this week, Trump has called on China to stabilize the famously bellicose regime of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un. China, for its part, has expressed concern about the deployment of American THAAD missile defense systems in South Korea.
“Well, we're going to see what happens, Pete,” Trump said of anticipated talks on North Korea. “But I will tell you, we'll be in there pitching, and I think we're going to do very well.”
First came the superlative Yooka-Laylee, and now the original Xbox classic Voodoo Vince is back as an Xbox Play Anywhere title. Voodoo Vince Remastered is a charming platformer that can now be enjoyed by a whole new generation.
As an Xbox Play Anywhere title, anyone who buys either the Xbox One or Windows 10 version of Voodoo Vince Remastered will get the other version for free. You can save your progress, and Achievements transfer between both versions, as well. See on the Windows Store An Xbox classic reborn
Voodoo Vince first arrived on the original Xbox way back in 2003 during the last days of the 3D platforming craze. It was created by Clayton Kauzlaric, who is now Creative Director at Microsoft Studios Global Publishing. Reportedly, the game's use of custom code prevented it from being emulated on the Xbox 360. Fourteen years later, Clayton and their team (the largely defunct Beep Industries) have finally brought Voodoo Vince back to life on Xbox One and PC. The Remastered version features widescreen visuals and enhanced assets, but it is otherwise unchanged (for better or worse). A doll on a mission
As Voodoo Vince begins, we meet Madame Charmaine, the owner of a New Orleans-based voodoo shop. A group of thugs working for Kosmo the Inscrutable (the game's irritating antagonist) breaks into Charmaine's shop in search of their magical zombie dust. After the bumbling thugs spill the zombie dust and wreck the shop, they escape with a kidnapped Charmaine and the remains of the dust. But the spilled dust inadvertently brings Vince (a formerly ordinary voodoo doll) to life. Following psychic instructions from Charmaine, they must now recover the rest of the spilled dust and rescue their mistress.
The basic premise of Voodoo Vince is quite good. Like many games of this genre (even Yooka-Laylee), the story eventually involves wacky animal characters and creatures such as a skeletal jazz musician (justified by the zombie dust) and an aged female scientist who is a turtle (I have no idea about that one). I do have a few nitpicks, namely that the dialog is sometimes clunky, and Kosmo is like a lame proto-Kaos from Skylanders. Vince's voice, performed by Ken Boynton, is nasal and annoying – not the albatross you want to hang on your main character. Ken has appeared in numerous games, such as Halo: Reach and Destiny, but their Norm MacDonald impression mostly grates in this one. Voodoo warrior
Voodoo Vince is a 3D platformer, that once common genre that barely exists nowadays (2D platformers are still common, though). Vince's most basic moves include running, jumping, punching, and a spin attack. The spin attack has its own face button and is so effective, it renders the punch pointless. Beating up enemies gets you beads, which can charge up Vince's powers. Many levels contain simple puzzles and goals that must be completed before Vince can progress. Sometimes he'll have to pick up and carry an object, using it somewhere else. If the object is too heavy for Vince to jump while carrying it, trying to jump will make a fart sound. It's dumb but fun. Other puzzles involve harming Vince, like throwing them into fan blades, producing a sack of material to weigh a switch down. Being a magical doll, Vince regenerates unharmed. Vince's nature as a voodoo doll provides them with attack powers, as well. Upon activating a voodoo power, Vince will harm themselves in some silly way. This kills all nearby enemies. A few of the 33 powers include a 1930s mob hit, a shark attack, and even a fatal dose of laxative inside an outhouse.
The new powers are hidden throughout each level as magical talismans, one of the many collectibles to find. Others include zombie dust bags (every hundred of which gives Vince a new life bar) and skull pages. Finding all of the skull pages in a level causes a purple skull to appear. If Vince manages to chase after and catch it, they gain another charge for their voodoo powers. Tracking these collectibles is relatively easy because you can see the current level's count in the pause menu, and the levels are much smaller than Yooka-Laylee's stages. I can find everything in a level on my own, so the difficulty feels just right to me. Frayed edges
A few gameplay elements don't feel quite right, though. For one, Vince walks too slowly. This makes traversing large distances, and especially farming for lives in the Docks level, a hassle. The use of lives at all feels archaic in today's landscape, as it really just slows the game down by forcing you to farm. Vince has a double jump, always a good thing. But the timing window for activating the second jump is too small – press it too late and you'll just plummet to your death. Vince's hovering ability is also a bit problematic. Instead of pressing and holding the jump button, like in every other game that lets you hover, you have to hold the left trigger to float. I'm so wired to float by holding the jump button (as in Rayman Legends) that Vince's weird implementation throws me off.
Finally, the camera controls are too slow and clunky for their own good. You can reposition the camera at any time. The game sometimes fights you for it, though, just like in Yooka-Laylee, and it always resets the Y-position of the camera instantly, making it impossible to look up while moving around. Camera issues were especially common in older games, but I wish we could at least speed up the camera movement here. Achievements and Xbox Play Anywhere
The Xbox One and Windows 10 versions of Voodoo Vince share 41 Achievements worth a total of 1,000 Gamerscore. Because this is an Xbox Play Anywhere title, Achievement progress transfers between both versions of the game. Save progress automatically transfers between platforms via the cloud, as well. The Steam version of Voodoo Vince has its own Steam Achievements, but it's not cross-buy like the Xbox version, making it less appealing for the Windows faithful. Many of the Achievements are progression-based, and some involve finding all the collectibles. But Beep Industries got creative with some of them, as well. You'll get Achievements for dying or defeating enemies in certain ways. My favorite involves visiting all five shops in a certain level. This requires a surprising number of steps, but it really rewards you for doing something that would've been largely pointless in the original Xbox version. Levels are replayable at will, and Vince can even pass back and forth between the exit of a level and the entrance of the next one. Thus, none of the Achievements are missable, and they're actually really fun to go after. Overall impressions of Voodoo Vince Remastered
It's back! The Red Bull Air Race World Championship will return to the skies starting next year with a seven-race circuit across six countries. Two of the world championship races will take place in the United States — first at the Texas Motor Speedway near Dallas next September 6-7 followed by a race October 11-12 at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
The Red Bull Air Race has been on hiatus the last three years as organizers have sought to make changes designed to improve course safety. For 2014, technical adjustments include adopting standard engines and propellers for all pilots, making changes to the lightweight nylon pylon material (making it easier for them to burst apart if they are clipped by race planes) and raising the height of the pylons that the pilots pass through from 65 feet to 80 feet. The high-G 270-degree "Quatro" turn through a set of four pylons from previous years has also been eliminated due to the exceedingly high g-force it exerts on the airplanes and pilots, organizers said.
The upcoming season will see the return of many fan-favorite pilots, including Kirby Chambliss and Michael Goulian of the United States and Paul Bonhomme of England. Twelve pilots in all will compete in the championship series, which kicks off in February with a race in Abu Dhabi. From there races are scheduled in Malaysia, Poland, England, the United States and the final race of the year, in Kunshan, China, November 1-2.
"I'm excited that there will be two races in the U.S.," said Chambliss, a two-time Red Bull champion and Texas native. "It's a really cool perspective from a spectator standpoint racing at the motor speedways because you're actually looking down on the airplanes as they race through the gates."
The Red Bull races began in 2003 and were held for eight seasons before being suspended due to safety concerns, which included a number of near disasters attributed to the demands of the courses, which require pilots to negotiate at high speed through a series of tightly spaced gates.
View our Red Bull Air Race Championship photo gallery here.
We welcome your comments on flyingmag.com. In order to maintain a respectful environment, we ask that all comments be on-topic, respectful and spam-free. All comments made here are public and may be republished by Flying.
Anyone who has been following the HIV/AIDS crisis from its inception in 1981 has witnessed a medical roller-coaster ride that is unprecedented. HIV infection was a sure killer until 1996, when the long-anticipated AIDS cocktails finally started appearing on the market, and for the first time ever the number of annual deaths in the United States decreased. (Just an aside: There are those who still maintain that the bulk of the research responsible for this advance, and future ones, came from the NIH and that the pharmaceutical industry did little more than manufacture and sell the new AIDS drugs. They have absolutely no idea what they are talking about, and could not be more wrong).
But now, there's better news, astounding really. A new paper in the New England Journal of Medicine says that Truvada, the most effective HIV drug, can now even be used as a "morning after" pill to stop the spread of the virus. The authors say it's as effective as condom use.
This is amazing. Over the last two decades medicines became more effective, so instead of people having to take 30 pills per day, that number was reduced to one or two, with a corresponding reduction in side effects. The projected lifespan for people who were HIV+ began to approach that of uninfected people. By 2011, it became evident that the drugs, primarily Truvada—a two-drug combination pill, could not only restore the immune function of people with HIV, but also reduced the virus levels in the blood so much that they couldn't even be measured.
This resulted in perhaps the single biggest surprise in the 34 years since the virus was discovered: at such low viral levels, it was much more difficult to infect others, and the drugs were so good that they protected HIV-negative people against becoming infected. For the first time, prophylaxis (PrEP) became feasible, but it had limitations. When patient compliance was poor, the level of protection was in the 40 percent range.
Compare that to when compliance was perfect, as shown in a recent clinical trial in San Francisco, protection was 100 percent, regardless of condom use, something I wrote about this past September. In the NEJM study, of the 400 uninfected men who were followed for a time period ranging from 5-20 months, there were 14 infections in the placebo group, but only two in the group that took a double dose of Truvada both before and after unprotected anal sex. There are consequences that result from this new protocol, both positive and negative:
Patient compliance will probably be higher, since men will not have to remember to take their prophylactic medicine every day.
Although Truvada is generally well tolerated, it, like every other drug, does have side effects, mainly gastrointestinal, as well as kidney toxicity. Taking the drug sporadically rather than chronically will surely mitigate these effects.
But, although the transmission of HIV was greatly reduced, the rate of other sexually transmitted diseases went through the roof due to reduction in condom use. There is only so much that a drug can do.
Whether the "morning after" method becomes the treatment of choice remains to be seen, but it is certainly reasonable to believe that it has enough of a benefit to replace the use of chronic prophylaxis therapy. Perhaps as likely is that another "surprise" will appear that will replace both methods. Twenty years ago, no one could have imagined any of this.
The Wilmington Ten are truly free, at last.
Outgoing North Carolina Governor Bev Perdue issued and signed a “pardon of innocence” for the group Monday. There are currently six surviving members.
The nine African-American men and one white woman had been convicted in the 1972 firebombing of a Wilmington, NC grocery store during civil-rights protests that arose after police shot an African-American teenager. Between the ten, they received combined sentences totaling 282 years in prison.
In the statement released from their office this afternoon, Governor Perdue, a Democrat, said that they “decided to grant these pardons because the more facts I have learned about the Wilmington Ten, the more appalled I have become about the manner in which their convictions were obtained.” That manner was outlined on our show Saturday by host Melissa Harris-Perry, who added their voice to the more than 130,000 who signed their names to petitions delivered to the governor's office:
“…it was so overt that by 1977, at least three witnesses had recanted their testimony. And in 1980, the U.S. Court of Appeals overturned the convictions of the Wilmington Ten—noting that the chief witness lied on the stand and that prosecutors concealed evidence. And now, according to the NAACP, newly discovered notes from the prosecutor suggest they racially-profiled prospective jurors—writing ‘KKK —good' next to some names and referring to at least one black candidate as an ‘Uncle Tom.'”
Governor Perdue used similarly strong language in their statement about the injustices done in the trial:
This conduct is disgraceful. It is utterly incompatible with basic notions of fairness and with every ideal that North Carolina holds dear. The legitimacy of our criminal justice system hinges on it operating in a fair and equitable manner with justice being dispensed based on innocence or guilt – not based on race or other forms of prejudice. That did not happen here. Instead, these convictions were tainted by naked racism and represent an ugly stain on North Carolina's criminal justice system that cannot be allowed to stand any longer.
Wilmington Ten member Wayne Moore, who was 19 at the time of the firebombing and received a nearly 30-year prison sentence, shouted their joy at the governor's decision via Twitter:
[tweet https://twitter.com/wilmingtonten/status/285836402397163521]
See below the open letter Harris-Perry delivered to Governor Perdue on Saturday.
Klaas-Jan Huntelaar's penalty frustrated BVB attempts to keep up the chase on Bayern Munich, but their coach affirmed they were pleased with what they saw
Thomas Tuchel thinks Borussia Dortmund's performance in the 2-2 draw at Schalke in the Ruhr derby justified their decision to make eight changes.
Shinji Kagawa's brilliant chip and Matthias Ginter's header twice put the visitors ahead in the Ruhr derby, but they were cancelled out by Leroy Sané's low strike and a Klaas-Jan Huntelaar penalty in a dramatic period at the start of the second half.
The draw means Dortmund are seven points behind leaders Bayern Munich with only five matches remaining, but Tuchel felt there were plenty of positives to take out of the match ahead of Thursday's Europa League quarter-final second leg against Liverpool at Anfield.
"The two Liverpool games have played a role, of course," they said to the club's official website. "I already had an idea of the line-up in my head.
"We wanted to defend with the back three and to dominate on the wing because we knew that Schalke were strong in the air and on the wing. In the 48th game of the season, I knew we were reaching our limit.
"I know there were a lot of changes but with each video analysis it felt better that we could make good ones after 60 minutes. We believed in the line-up 100 per cent and this has been justified today.
"We saw lots of good things. I was very pleased about Ilkay Gundogan's comeback [from the bench after injury] as well as both Christian Pulisic and Adrian Ramos' performances. It was an intense game, but it was OK."
Tuchel felt that Dortmund's second-half performance was significantly better than their first.
They continued: "We needed a bit of time to get into the game and find our footing, which is understandable given that we had made a lot of changes to the team.
"In regard to Christian Pulisic and their pace and courage, we found a lot of gaps when on the attack and we were able to play out a few decent chances. In the middle of the first half we lost a bit of the control, didn't use space brilliantly and didn't play strongly enough.
"The second half was better for us - we played more dominantly and with lots of determination. We went into the lead twice and were in a good position but unfortunately our opponents equalised quickly twice."
Promising redshirt sophomore wide receiver Joshua Stanford is taking a leave of absence from the football team.
Virginia Tech head football coach Frank Beamer announced in a statement that Stanford will take a leave of absence from the team to take care of some personal issues. Beamer said there will be no further comment on the situation.
As a redshirt first-year student last season, Stanford set two Tech first-year student records by catching 40 passes for 640 yards. They accounted for one touchdown over their 707 snaps at wideout in 2013, compared to no scores and 16 plays (5 receptions, 35 yards) this season. A hamstring injury partially hampered early season production.
Receiving threats Willie Byrn, Isaiah Ford, Bucky Hodges and Ryan Malleck all have double-or-more receptions than Stanford.
At this time it's unclear why the Mississauga, Ontario, Canada native and Martin Luther King (Georgia) product is stepping away from the program.
AUGUSTA — Gov. Paul LePage said Tuesday that Republican Donald Trump may be needed as president to show “authoritarian power” in the United States, and suggested the U.S. Constitution has been “broken” under President Obama.
“Sometimes, I wonder that our Constitution is not only broken, but we need a Donald Trump to show some authoritarian power in our country and bring back the rule of law because we've had eight years of a president, he's an autocrat, they just does it on their own, they ignore Congress, and every single day we're slipping into anarchy,” LePage said on a radio talk show.
Related Headlines Trump declares war on the Republican Party 4 weeks before Election Day
Trump denies actions they bragged about on tape WHAT IS AUTHORITARIAN POWER? Gov. Paul LePage said Tuesday that Donald Trump should wield “authoritarian power” as president. Webster's New World College Dictionary defines an authoritarian as someone who advocates, practices or enforces unquestioning obedience to authority, as that of a dictator, rather than individual freedom of judgment and action. Democracies, by definition, are not authoritarian. Modern-day authoritarian governments include those in China, Myanmar, Cuba and Iran, according to ushistory.org. Other examples of authoritarian governments are those in Russia, North Korea, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela. In Venezuela, for example, late President Hugo Chavez used their power to appoint Supreme Court justices who would always rule in their favor, effectively eliminating the check that courts can have on other branches of government in a typical democracy, according to the international nongovernmental organization Human Rights Watch. While authoritarian governments can hold elections, those elections are often designed to reach a predetermined result by limiting participation or by outright fraud. Other current examples of authoritarian leaders include Vladimir Putin of Russia and Kim Jong-un of North Korea. Infamous historic examples of authoritarian leaders, who led totalitarian governments that controlled almost all aspects of their citizens' lives, include Fidel Castro in Cuba, Idi Amin in Uganda, Moammar Gadhafi in Libya, Joseph Stalin in Russia and Adolf Hitler in Nazi Germany.
They said the wealthy and political elite in Washington control the U.S. government and they believe Trump would break that up.
LePage also expressed dissatisfaction with Sen. Susan Collins and other top Republicans. Collins, who enjoys some of the highest approval ratings among U.S. senators and is one of the most popular elected officials in Maine, has said they cannot support the billionaire business person at the top of their party's ticket.
“I am no Susan Collins fan,” LePage said. “That's not the kind of Republican that I am. I am from the Grand Old Party, I am from the party of Ronald Reagan, that is different than the people that claim to be Republicans that are out there shooting their mouth off.”
LePage said Trump is “not the kind of person I would want my daughter going after.” But they said they believe that Trump as president would protect national security and improve the economy. LePage also criticized the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.
“She lies, they take money from foreign nations, which is not legal in this country, and they get a free pass,” LePage said. “But as an American citizen who honors the flag and who honors our Constitution, I could not see how any red-blooded American citizen could vote for Hillary Clinton.”
HOW AUTHORITARIANISM WORKS
An authoritarian government “concentrates power in the hands of a leader or a small elite that is not constitutionally responsible to the body of the people,” as defined by the Encyclopedia Brittanica. “Authoritarian leaders often exercise power arbitrarily and without regard to existing bodies of law, and they usually cannot be replaced by citizens choosing freely among various competitors in elections.”
Peter Steele, LePage's communications director, said an email response to a request for comment that the governor was not suggesting authoritarian rule for the United States. They also said LePage had not recently been contacted by the Trump campaign, and that LePage and their staff were not taking questions regarding the Tuesday radio show appearance.
LePage's remarks on authoritarianism come just two days after Trump said during the second presidential debate that if they were elected they would appoint a special prosecutor to go after Clinton over their use of a private email server while they were U.S. secretary of state. Trump told Clinton they would “be in jail” if they were president.
CRITICS: NOT THE AMERICAN WAY
Those comments raised alarm among political scientists and others, who said the jailing of political rivals is reminiscent of tactics used by dictators who often had overthrown their governments from within.
Adrienne LeBas, a political scientist at American University, told The New York Times that Trump's comment was “a threat to the rule of law, a threat to the stability of our institutions, a threat to basic agreements that are necessary for democracy to function.”
LePage's statements echoing Trump's warning to Clinton drew a rebuke from the American Civil Liberties Union of Maine.
“The Constitution was written to protect Americans from the very thing Gov. LePage is calling for – an all-powerful, overreaching government. The governor says they want to bring back the rule of law, but it actually sounds like they want to replace the rule of law with the rule of tyranny,” ACLU of Maine Executive Director Alison Beyea said in a prepared statement.
Phil Bartlett, chairperson of the Maine Democratic Party, also reacted to LePage's statements. They said Trump has threatened Americans' civil liberties and “even their physical safety” during their campaign.
“Gov. LePage has a long history of intimidating anyone who disagrees with him, and of refusing to be held accountable by the press or the public,” Bartlett said, also in a prepared statement. “The last thing our country needs is Gov. LePage's vision on a national scale. Their remarks and those of Donald Trump cannot be taken lightly. Absolute rule is not the American way.”
But Jason Savage, executive director of the Maine Republican Party, was dismissive of any friction between Republicans over Trump.
“I'm chalking a lot of this up to natural tension around a candidate who is unconventional and challenging the status quo,” Savage said of Trump in an email. “We continue to work to support our Republican candidates up and down the ticket. I have no sense of anything unraveling.” With 200 candidates running for office, statewide party officials don't make a point “of throwing ourselves in the middle of every little disagreement,” Savage said, adding that candidates and elected Republicans have their own and often divergent opinions about many topics.
OBAMA AND EXECUTIVE ORDERS
Trump is expected to make a campaign stop Saturday in Bangor at the Cross Insurance Center. It's unclear whether LePage will attend, but the governor did appear at an event in Turner with Trump's son, Eric Trump, and their daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, last week. LePage previously has appeared with the Republican nominee, including at one stop in Bangor and two in Portland.
In describing Obama as an “autocrat,” which is defined as a person who rules with unlimited authority, LePage was evidently referring to Obama's use of executive orders. Obama has issued executive orders in such areas as immigration and environmental policy, prompting outrage among Republicans, as well as court challenges that have turned back some of their efforts, according to The American Presidency Project at the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Obama had issued 252 executive orders as of Sept. 20, through 7½ years of their presidency, compared with 291 by George W. Bush in their two complete terms and 381 by Reagan during their two terms.
LEPAGE ON VIDEO: ‘ANCIENT HISTORY'
The governor's criticism of Obama in this regard is striking, since LePage themselves has a history of pushing the limits of their own executive powers, including refusing to issue voter-approved bonds for land conservation and for the construction of affordable housing for seniors in Maine. They also threatened to withhold state funds for a publicly funded charter school if the organization that ran the school hired one of their political rivals, House Speaker Mark Eves, to be its president. Eves subsequently sued LePage in the federal courts, a case that is pending appeal.
LePage's statements about Trump came during an appearance on a radio talk show hosted by George Hale and Ric Tyler on Bangor-based WVOM. The statements further highlight the split among Republicans over Trump's candidacy in the wake of both their latest debate appearance and statements they made about women in 2005 that were made public last week.
LePage was largely dismissive of the newly released “Access Hollywood” video of Trump, saying, among other things, “And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. … Grab them by the p—y. You can do anything.”
The governor characterized the videotaped comments as “ancient history.”
LePage also said they were no fan of Condoleezza Rice, who served as U.S. secretary of state under President Bush. Rice was among a number of prominent Republicans who called Saturday for Trump to withdraw from the race.
Just three months ago, LePage told the same radio hosts that Rice would be a good vice presidential running mate for Trump and listed them among others they would like to see on the ticket. “They say they don't want it,” LePage said at the time. “Well, guess what? The country asks you for your help. We need you. Condoleezza, we need you now.”
On Tuesday, LePage also brought up former President Bill Clinton and their affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky in the 1990s, suggesting Trump's words were not as bad as the former president's behavior, which led to Clinton's impeachment.
“I'm sorry guys, but there was smudge on the blue dress,” LePage told Tyler and Hale, echoing Trump's effort to deflect attention from the “Access Hollywood” video and make Bill Clinton the issue. “And that was by a president of the United States of America.”
LEPAGE IN NATIONAL NEWS AGAIN
Collins is among other Republicans in Maine who issued statements about Trump last week.
“Donald Trump's lewd comments are the latest in a series of remarks they have made, ranging from inappropriate to reprehensible, that demonstrate why they are unsuitable for the presidency. It was comments like these, including the statements they made about (Sen.) John McCain, a disabled reporter, the family of a fallen soldier and more, that caused me to decide this summer that I could not support their candidacy,” Collins said in an emailed statement Friday.
LePage's comments Tuesday were quickly picked up by national news outlets, including CNN. Brent Littlefield, a top LePage political adviser, said they aren't handling questions about the radio show and directed a reporter to LePage's staff.
LePage vowed in August to stop speaking to the media, mainly print news reporters, after racially charged statements they made about black and Hispanic drug traffickers being “the enemy” in the battle against heroin addiction Maine.
COLLINS UNFAZED BY COMMENTS
Littlefield, who also advises Republican Bruce Poliquin, noted that Collins supports Poliquin's re-election bid to represent Maine's 2nd District in Congress. Poliquin was critical of the lewd Trump comments reported last week but has so far avoided endorsing them or even saying whether they will vote for Trump.
Poliquin continued to dodge questions about Trump on Tuesday. They didn't respond to queries on the subject from two reporters during a tour of the New Balance shoe factory in Skowhegan.
Collins has said they won't vote for Trump or Clinton.
They seemed unfazed Tuesday by LePage's statement that they aren't their kind of Republican.
“Sen. Collins recognizes that emotions are running high as a result of this election and they will continue to work closely with the governor, their staff and their administration on issues important to the state of Maine,” Collins spokesperson Annie Clark wrote in a message to the Press Herald.
Share
filed under:
The Poogle is not a purebred dog. It is a cross between the Beagle and the Poodle . The best way to determine the temperament of a mixed breed is to look up all breeds in the cross and know you can get any combination of any of the characteristics found in either breed. Not all of these designer hybrid dogs being bred are 50% purebred to 50% purebred. It is very common for breeders to breed multi-generation crosses .
"This is Abigail, a Poogle.  They are the family dog (actually, they don't see themselves as a dog, rather more like one of us). Them dad is a solid black Standard Poodle and mom is a standard size Beagle. In this picture, she's 5½months old and weighs 9 lbs. They have been very easy to train (sit, down, stay, etc.), although housetraining has been touch and go. They live for the reward and loves to ride in the car. Very loyal and loveable and sheds very little. In the last couple of months, their fur has gone through a transition from half-thick coarse and half-fuzzy to a new coat of thinner and longer hair. The hair parts down their back and they have the swirls on their back haunches as does the Beagle and she's full of tiny light-brown freckles. She's been a joy thus far; my boys and I couldn't imagine life without her!"
Russell Brand eviscerated Fox News' coverage of the protests in Ferguson, Missouri, on Thursday, blasting the network for its one-sidedness.
“It's so outrageous,” Brand said on the latest episode of their show, "The Trews."
“It's almost art.”
Advertisement:
Brand criticized Fox News for its nearly unanimous support of Darren Wilson, the white Ferguson police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown earlier this month, and for its deeply negative attitude toward protesters in the Missouri city.
“I think what's interesting about Fox News' coverage is the complete evisceration of any compassion in the argument,” Brand said. “Pain and suffering is the lifeblood of their channel. There's no one so disadvantaged, so oppressed, that Fox News can't get some mileage out of exploiting or condemning them.”
Beginning their takedown, Brand homed in on Greg Gutfeld's comments on “Red Eye,” where the host said that “the media, like humanity, can only handle two sides to a story, and they almost always flock to one side — and it's David, never Goliath.”
Cutting in, Brand cannily responded: “Yeah … When you look at the Bible, you think, ‘Hang on here! Should we revise this clearly allegorical story about David and Goliath? What about Goliath — the hapless, lovable giant?' No, you don't — Goliath is clearly there to demonstrate oppressive power, isn't he?”
Brand continued their assault on Gutfield, playing a segment where Gutfield called the overwhelming support for Brown whom the “Red Eye” host deemed the “underdog” the result of “decades of pop culture, deeming what's cool and what isn't.”
Interjecting, Brand offered their rebuttal.
Advertisement:
“It's not ‘cool' to stick up for the people of Ferguson, who after a century of oppression and the only limited success of the civil rights movement, have decided that after the killing of an unarmed man to protest. They're doing it because they like some of their trainers,” Brand said, referring to expensive athletic shoes.
Brand also took aim at Fox News contributor Jason L. Riley, author of the book "Please Stop Helping Us: How Liberals Make It Harder for Blacks to Succeed." Riley, who consistently has attempted to explain black crime as a pathological deficiency, recently lambasted President Barack Obama for their comments that “black crime stems from poverty, or a racist criminal justice system, which is nonsense!”
Brand wouldn't stand for it.
“That's outrageous,” Brand said. “Of course there's an economic aspect to the argument. Of course there's a social aspect. You can't just bring out the author of the book 'We Deserve to Be Shot' to bring out arguments just so Fox News can keep being as they are.”
Advertisement:
They continued: “People don't just spontaneously have an attitude toward the criminal justice system …Like the same way you might not have an attitude to your dishwasher. If your dishwasher doesn't do anything except wash the dishes, you won't just suddenly wonder one day, ‘You know, it's really unjust the way that dishwasher keeps shooting unarmed black men!'”
Watch the whole clip here:
Advertisement:
(H/T: Raw Story)
On Tuesday, Palm Beach County commissioners discussed the financial impact of President Trump's frequent visits to the county.
“What has caught us of guard as Palm Beach County residents is their intent to be here so often,” said County Commissioner Dave Kerner.
Since their election, Mr Trump has been to Mar-a-Lago three times including over Thanksgiving, Christmas and last weekend.
Tuesday, the White House confirmed the president will be back in town the coming weekend, playing golf with the Japanese Prime Minister.
Each time local law enforcement agencies have to help out the Secret Service in making sure the president's visit goes without incident. That costs money.
The Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office spent around $250,000 in overtime pay when Mr. Trump was at Mar-a-Lago over Thanksgiving.
“We're going to use every tool necessary to seek reimbursement,” County Commissioner Mack Bernard said.
The sheriff's office is still tallying up the numbers for the president's visit over Christmas and last weekend.
Many are skeptical if the county is going to get reimbursed from the federal government, pointing to Hawaii which did not get federal money for added security during President Obama's visit to the Aloha State.
But many are also pointing out the positive impacts of having a sitting president be in the area.
“We're receiving household hits that we could never achieve,” said County Administrator Verdenia Baker. ”It's the marketing of Palm Beach County. It's the visitors.”
Whether those benefits outweigh the costs is still a question, which is why commissioners asked for an economic impact study.
“What we want to do as a county is figure out what are the costs and what are the benefits,” Bernard said.
The Lantana Airport is seeing little positive side effects of the president's visit to the area. Each time President Trump is in Palm Beach County, the airport has to close and it's having a serious impact on businesses there.
“Without any accommodation to that airport, it will kill every business there,” Kerner said. “While the county might benefit with overtime pay and things like that, the federal government is certainly not going to help the small business owners.”
ISLAMABAD/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children born in captivity have been freed in Pakistan, nearly five years after the couple was abducted in neighboring Afghanistan, Pakistani and U.S. officials said on Thursday.
American Caitlan Coleman and their Canadian husband, Joshua Boyle, were kidnapped while backpacking in Afghanistan in 2012 by the Taliban-allied Haqqani network, which the United States has long accused Pakistan of failing to fight.
U.S. President Donald Trump, who has been highly critical of Islamabad, praised Pakistan's cooperation with the U.S. government over the freeing of the hostages, saying it represented “a positive moment” for U.S.-Pakistan relations.
“The Pakistani government's cooperation is a sign that it is honoring America's wishes for it to do more to provide security in the region,” Trump said in a statement.
Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, drove home the dire conditions that the family had been subjected to during its long captivity.
“They've been essentially living in a hole for five years,” Kelly said. “That's the kind of people we're dealing with over there.”
It was unclear how precisely the Pakistani military secured the family's release, which came after the United States shared intelligence about the hostages' location. It was also unclear when the family would return home.
Two U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters that the U.S. military had been ready to fly the family out of the country but said Boyle, who is Canadian, had refused to board the aircraft.
Boyle had once been married to the sister of an inmate at the U.S. military detention center at Guantanamo Bay. The marriage ended and the inmate was later released to Canada.
As of Thursday evening, there was no indication the family had left Pakistan. Boyle's parents said they told them by phone they would see them in a couple of days.
“So we're waiting for that,” their mother, Linda Boyle, said in a video posted on the Toronto Star newspaper's website.
U.S. officials expressed hope that the hostages' freedom could represent a turning point in relations between Pakistan and the United States, uneasy allies in fighting Taliban and other Islamist extremists in the region.
In recent days, senior U.S. officials have been more pointed about Islamabad's alleged ties to militant groups, who are battling against U.S. and U.S.-backed forces in a stalemated 16-year-old war in neighboring Afghanistan. Some U.S. officials say Pakistani safe havens have helped prolong the conflict.
Pakistan fiercely denies such ties, and it touted the operation as proof of the strength of the alliance.
“The success underscores the importance of timely intelligence sharing and Pakistan's continued commitment towards fighting this menace through cooperation between two forces against a common enemy,” a Pakistani army statement said.
SHRAPNEL WOUNDS
Boyle's father, in the video message, offered their thanks to Pakistani forces “who risked their lives and got all five of ours out safely and rescued.”
The Toronto Star reported that Boyle told their parents that they were in the trunk of the kidnappers' car with their wife and children when they were rescued by Pakistani forces. Boyle said they sustained minor shrapnel wounds during the shootout, which left their kidnappers dead.
“The last words Boyle said they heard from the kidnappers were, ‘kill the hostages,'” the Star reported.
The Pakistani army said its forces were able to recover the hostages after acting on U.S. intelligence about their passage into Pakistan from Afghanistan.
The White House, Pentagon and State Department did not offer details about the Pakistani effort, even as it praised cooperation from Islamabad.
But one U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there was no indication that the hostages had been in Afghanistan in the days before they were freed, contrary to the Pakistani account.
The United States believed the hostages were probably held by the Haqqani group in or near its headquarters in northwestern Pakistan the entire time, two other U.S. officials said.
Declining to discuss U.S. intelligence in detail that was shared with Pakistan, they said the United States had been tracking cars capable of holding six or more people moving from place to place, which analysts had concluded were suggestive of moving hostages.
“It was a matter of interdicting vehicles,” another U.S. official told Reuters, saying the United States never dictated to Pakistan how precisely to secure the hostages' release.
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland asked for respect for the family's privacy.
“Joshua, Caitlan, their children and the Boyle and Coleman families have endured a horrible ordeal over the past five years. We stand ready to support them as they begin their healing journey,” Freeland said.
Coleman was pregnant at the time they were kidnapped, and a video released by the Taliban in December showed two sons born while they and their husband were hostages. Thursday's statements from Islamabad and Washington were the first mention of a third child.
Some officials said Pakistanis' motive for freeing the hostages may have been political rather than humanitarian, intended to reduce the tensions ahead of upcoming visits by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.
Tillerson in a statement said Trump's strategy in the region recognized “the important role Pakistan needs to play to bring stability and ultimately peace to the region.”
A still image from a video posted by the Taliban on social media on December 19, 2016 shows American Caitlan Coleman (L) speaking next to their Canadian husband Joshua Boyle and their two sons. Courtesy Taliban/Social media via REUTERS
Mattis, who last week said the United States would try “one more time” to work with Pakistan in Afghanistan, was upbeat on Thursday.
“This is a very positive moment and the Pakistan army performed well,” Mattis told reporters during a trip to Florida.
A couple of months ago, Anthony T. Grafton and James Grossman made a "very modest proposal" that wasn't very modest at all. As president and executive director of the American Historical Association, respectively, the two mounted history's official disciplinary pulpit to endorse a new way of looking at graduate education in the field.
"Many of these students," the authors wrote, "will not find tenure-track positions teaching history in colleges and universities"—and it's time to stop pretending otherwise. The job market "is what it is." We face no "transient 'crisis,'" but rather "the situation that we have lived with for two generations."
That's a refreshing assertion, and an encouraging sign that the graduate-school-industrial complex is beginning to embrace not just the not-so-new economic reality—which has, after all, been apparent for a long time—but also what that reality means for the future of graduate programs.
"A Ph.D. in history opens a broad range of doors," wrote Grafton and Grossman, and graduate programs should prepare students for an "array of positions outside the academy." It's not the first time such ideas have hit the open air, but we need to consider who's airing them. This is an important statement for the official leaders of a discipline to make, and a necessary one.
Grafton and Grossman's statement has generated plenty of response since it first appeared in October in Perspectives on History. (It was also reprinted in this newspaper, along with a follow-up essay by the authors.) Most of the response centered on outcomes—that is, the implications of the fact that most Ph.D.'s won't become professors, and the authors' call to prepare historians for a range of employment.
But Grafton and Grossman made a second, more ambitious exhortation that has been mostly ignored: History professors, they wrote, need to "examine the training we offer. ... If we tell new students that a history Ph.D. opens many doors, we need to broaden the curriculum to ensure that we're telling the truth." Right now, Grafton and Grossman observe, graduate school in history is designed "to produce more professors." If graduate programs embrace the idea that they should aim to produce other kinds of historians as well, it follows that students' training must change.
What should graduate teaching look like when it aims to prepare students for a range of careers? That's a welcome question, but it's not an easy one, because we're still inside the box that we want to teach outside of.
I'll take up the problem in two parts, this month from the individual faculty member's perspective, and next month on the curricular level (that is, from the point of view of departments and programs).
In history (and other disciplines), the idea that graduate students should perforce become professors arose relatively recently, during the postwar expansion of higher education. Thomas Bender, a history professor at New York University and author of the 2004 report of the AHA Committee on Graduate Instruction, wrote to me in an e-mail that "the most immediate issue is to remove the stigma" that graduate students feel if they don't become professors.
Bender has been making that point for a while. They wrote in the 2004 AHA report that we must "escape the expectations inherited from that so-called Golden Age" of nearly full employment in the post-Sputnik era. Any movement away from those assumptions must begin with a concerted "refashioning" of what it means to be a professional historian.
Advertisement
But graduate students aren't the only ones in need of refashioning. "We need different kinds of training ourselves," declares Leora Auslander, a history professor at the University of Chicago. To move students away from thinking about their possible futures in purely professorial terms, Auslander suggests that graduate-seminar leaders "teach from unconventional stuff." They particularly stress the need to get beyond books to other media, which they have been doing in their courses, but they also admit that teaching to a new set of goals involves "things I can't think about yet."
Edward Balleisen, an associate professor of history at Duke University, has been thinking about those things, and in practical terms. Their ideas aim to reconceive the boundaries defining discipline and authorship. They suggested in an e-mail that we "imagine interdisciplinary seminars around a given theme," in which history graduate students would work "with grad students from other disciplines, as well as professional students."
The very nature of that idea points to its applicability to other disciplines. Its value goes beyond cool-looking seminars to the cultivation of a wider professional ethos. Such courses would allow graduate students to imagine their work outside of the contexts of their own specialties. In fact, the central virtue of the whole approach lies in its endorsement of a move away from the sort of niche specialization that creates scholars whose work is far deeper than it is wide.
Balleisen themselves will be teaching such an experimental seminar this coming spring with Jonathan Wiener, a Duke Law School professor, on "Regulatory Governance." The course, says Balleisen, will have "readings from sociology, political science, economics, and cognitive psychology, as well as history and law."
The work in such seminars challenges the idea of solitary authorship that prevails in the humanities and some of the social sciences. In particular, Balleisen wants graduate students to collaborate on projects: "perhaps a global history syllabus or a Web site of some kind, which would cultivate technical skills as well as historical analysis and innovative presentation," they suggest, "with some consideration of how to reach out to nonscholarly audiences."
Michael Elliott, an English professor at Emory University whose scholarly interests encompass public history, anticipated Balleisen's framework in a graduate course on "Historical Tourism" that they taught a few years ago. Elliott departed from the traditional seminar-paper requirement and instead assigned collaborative projects to be performed by student groups on a historical site.
"I formed the groups from their stated interests," Elliott recalled in an e-mail, "and allowed them to come up with the format." The results were wide-ranging: "One group produced a Web site on the World of Coke; another produced a curriculum for high-school teachers on using a historical cemetery as a teaching school; a third worked on an article together; another wrote a series of short papers that could have been a conference panel."
Such different responses suggest some of the myriad possibilities that can ensue when teachers give creative intellectuals the opportunity to think in new ways. "I enjoyed these projects much more than the usual batch of seminar papers," Elliott said, "and I think the students learned more about research and design that could be transported outside of the academy."
Balleisen further suggests that departments create the option of pursuing an outside field that would orient graduate students toward nonacademic careers. They note that the Sanford School of Public Policy at Duke has been considering a "policy history" track as an option not only for its own Ph.D. students, but also for history Ph.D. students. "It would allow them to put together a cluster of courses, some unambiguously involving history, and others involving 'policy' methodologies from economics and other disciplines," said Balleisen, "possibly including some kind of internship experience with a policy institution." I'll have more to say about such possibilities next month.
Professors in other fields can, and should, carve out their own versions of the path that history is trying to blast here. The approaches will naturally differ from discipline to discipline. Graduate students in the lab sciences will need little indoctrination in the spirit of collaboration, for example, because their research already works that way, but the problems for those fields may center on how to contour specialized graduate instruction to the needs of overlapping (and thus more general) audiences.
One thing is certain: In the words of Auslander, "If we continue to behave like ostriches, we're dead." Forget the idea that "it will be better tomorrow," they say. If there is to be change for the better, professors must be "willing to be influenced."
We need to connect the way we teach to what our students will actually be doing with their degrees. I invite readers to send me accounts of their plans and experiments, and I'll keep reporting on them. Teaching, after all, is another of the collaborative arts. Let's start thinking together.
Ahead of next week's solicitations, DC Comics has exclusively given us the look at some covers and solicits for some of the Bat-books coming out in August 2017. Here we see the continuing of ‘The War of Jokes and Riddles' in Batman, the conclusion of “Gotham Academy: Second Semester,” and more.
Thanks again to DC, and look for our full coverage of the August solicitations in Soliciting Multiversity later this month.
ALL STAR BATMAN #13
Written by SCOTT SNYDER • Art by RAFAEL ALBUQUERQUE and SEBASTIAN FIUMARA • Cover by RAFAEL ALBUQUERQUE—Variant cover by RAFAEL ALBUQUERQUE • Variant cover by SEBASTIAN FIUMARA
“THE FIRST ALLY” part four! As painful secrets from the past are revealed, Batman must face down a nemesis unlike any he's seen before—or risk the horrific consequences of the Genesis Engine falling into the wrong hands!
On sale AUGUST 9 • 40 pg, FC, $4.99 US • RATED T
BATMAN BEYOND #11
Written by DAN JURGENS • Art and cover by BERNARD CHANG • Variant cover by MARTIN ANSIN
“RISE OF THE DEMON” finale! As past and present collide, Bruce Wayne witnesses the culmination of their legacy. In a shocking twist, the Demon is not Ra's al Ghul. Can their successor be persuaded to stop their plans for worldwide destruction? Will Terry be able to overcome the destructive influence of the new Batman costume and hold on to their soul? High up on a Tibetan mountaintop, the answers will be revealed.
On sale AUGUST 23 • 32 pg, FC, $3.99 US • RATED T
BATMAN #28
Written by TOM KING • Art and cover by MIKEL JANIN • Variant cover by TIM SALE
“THE WAR OF JOKES AND RIDDLES” part four! War is hell. Unless it's in Gotham City, where it's so much worse. The clash between The Joker and the Riddler continues to escalate, with the rest of the city's villains picking sides and joining in. In the midst of the battle, Batman must try to save whoever they can while knowing they will forever be haunted by those they can't.
On sale AUGUST 2 • 32 pg, FC, $2.99 US • RATED T
GOTHAM ACADEMY: SECOND SEMESTER #12
Written by BRENDEN FLETCHER, BECKY CLOONAN and KARL KERSCHL—Art by ADAM ARCHER, MSASSYK and SANDRA HOPE—Cover by KARL KERSCHL
“The Ballad of Olive Silverlock” finale! It all comes down to this. With Olive poised to raze the city to the ground, Maps is determined to make one final crusade in the name of friendship. But life isn't school, and if they fail…all of Gotham could pay the price! Don't miss the final issue of this beloved series!
BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany's pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), a possible partner in Chancellor Angela Merkel's new government, has called for Russia to be invited to the next summit of the Group of Seven industrialized countries.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin addresses the media after sessions of the Council of Heads of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council in Sochi, Russia October 11, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
The proposal met immediate resistance from Merkel's conservatives and the environmentalist Greens, throwing a possible wrench into already tricky negotiations about a three-way ruling coalition.
FDP leader Christian Lindner told the Austrian newspaper Die Pressed that readmitting Russia to the Group of Eight could help ease tensions with Moscow.
Russia was suspended from the group in 2014 after it annexed Ukraine's Crimea peninsula following an uprising in Kiev that toppled its pro-Moscow president.
“We cannot make all things dependent on the situation in Crimea,” Lindner said, although they said Russia's violation of international law could not be accepted.
“But this is the most severe conflict and that's the last place we'll see progress,” Lindner said. “That's why I'm in favor of intensifying dialogue - and that Putin is asked to join the table of the G7 and that one talks with them and not about him.”
Juergen Hardt, foreign policy spokesperson for the conservatives, called Lindner's suggestion “unhelpful”.
“Putin would tout readmission to the exclusive G8 discussion format as confirmation of their policies at home, and that would be counterproductive,” Hardt said.
Omnid Nouripour, a Greens lawmaker and foreign policy expert, urged the FDP chief to refrain from any further suggestions until the potential coalition partners had worked out their Russia policy.
The three blocs are due to start exploratory talks about a coalition next week, but experts have warned it could take months to bridge their differences on migration, climate and taxes.
Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, a member of Merkel's conservatives, told an event in Washington that they expected the talks to be completed by Christmas.
Fifty-seven percent of voters support the idea of the three-way coalition, according to a new poll for broadcaster ARD.
Lindner had already raised eyebrows in August when they suggested that Germany might have to accept Russia's 2014 annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine as a “permanent provisional arrangement”.
Merkel and Greens politicians have previously rejected calls to gradually lift sanctions against Russia imposed over its role in the Ukraine crisis. The center-right chancellor has also objected to the idea of inviting Putin to G7 meetings.
Turning to euro zone policies, Lindner repeated their criticism of French President Emmanuel Macron's proposals to create a joint euro zone budget.
“A red line for us in any coalition talks is the mutualization of debt in Europe, the creation of new pots of money,” Lindner said.
A drowning sense of frustration and disappointment washed over Republicans in the Capitol Building Friday after failing to pass any sort of repeal to Obamacare this week, but one group — the archconservatives in the House Freedom Caucus — was exceptionally optimistic.
Counterintuitively, the Senate's failure to pass a “skinny repeal” appeared to be the best possible outcome for the Freedom Caucus. They are still holding on to a lasting hope that in the ideological war between the stubborn House conservatives and stubborn Senate moderates, the Freedom Caucus can win out.
So on Friday morning, Freedom Caucus Chair Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC), was already talking about new health bills. Freedom Caucus member Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) called for yet another push on clean repeal, even though it failed to pass the Senate by a whopping seven Republican votes just this week. Their colleague Rep. Scott Perry (R-PA) said the Senate should have just continued negotiating instead of trying to pass the skinny repeal in the first place.
“To suggest that we have exhausted our legislative options is to ignore what has actually been happening over the past couple of days,” Meadows said. “I can tell you behind the scenes in the upper chamber there has been meaningful dialogue between people that normally don't work together.”
It's clear the most conservative faction of the Republican Party — the most desperate to repeal Obamacare — is posturing for yet another health care show. How they plan to thread the needle between a growing desire for bipartisanship and their vision for a conservative health plan remains to be seen.
There is no clear path to success yet
The establishment Republican line in the House is that the Senate has to work out its own problems on health care.
Instead of establishing a path forward, House Speaker Paul Ryan focused the House's Friday conference meeting on its accomplishments — passing spending bills and moving on tax reform, Rep. Brian Mast (R-FL) recounted from the meeting.
“The Senate is completely disoriented right now,” a congressional aide said, reiterating Ryan's message. “It can end in a broader repeal. The Senate needs to figure out amongst themselves what that is.”
Meanwhile, conservatives in the House seem to be taking a more proactive approach on passing a health care bill. Meadows had made it clear Thursday that it was not in their primary interest to pass a skinny repeal bill into conference in the first place. Now they see an opening.
“Freedom Caucus members believe that we can continue to negotiate without the constraints of an official conference and see some results,” a top Freedom Caucus member told Vox.
Two health bill plans are of interest to Meadows — one being that of Sens. Lindsey Graham (SC) and Bill Cassidy (LA), which would keep most of the ACA's taxes but send the money in block grants to the states, and the second being Sen. Ted Cruz's Consumer Freedom Act, which failed to garner nine Republican votes this week. Both seem unlikely successes.
Graham and Cassidy, now joined by Republican Sens. Dean Heller (NV) and Rob Portman (OH), have yet to release any legislative text (although Meadows says there is some in existence) and publicly, the proposal hasn't grown into much more than just talk. Among its merits thus far is that it remains the last concrete idea that hasn't been voted down in the Senate.
No one is saying Obamacare repeal is dead. The question is who takes responsibility now.
Four months ago, Ryan came out to the press and declared Obamacare the “law of the land,” after having to pull the House's health bill from the floor. The state of Obamacare repeal is more dead today than it was that day in March, but Republicans in the House have been careful to not declare it so.
Different today, however, is a clear lack of direction in the Senate.
In March, Meadows and moderate Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-NJ) cobbled together a bill incoherent in policy, leading to millions more people being uninsured, more than $800 billion in cuts to Medicaid, and an uncertain future for the protections that vulnerable Americans enjoy under Obamacare, which passed only under the assumption the Senate would fix it.
Friday morning, hours after it became clear that the Senate had failed to find a solution, was eerily reminiscent of that moment, with Meadows again at the helm, making the case that the repeal effort could be salvaged.
But as Axios's Mike Allen said, for all the motion conservatives are making, it's not at all clear that there is a tangible movement toward an agreement. Already Sen. Lamar Alexander (TN), who chairs the health care-focused Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, has called for a hearing on fixing the Affordable Care Act's individual markets — a clear sign they are angling to take back jurisdiction on health care reform. In the House, a group of 40 members have been in bipartisan talks over health care — an effort Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), who cast the last “no” vote to kill the Senate's health bill early Friday morning, supports.
“I've stated time and time again that one of the major failures of Obamacare was that it was rammed through Congress by Democrats on a strict-party line basis without a single Republican vote,” McCain said in a statement.
Meadows is making another stand on the conservative takeover on health care. But the path to success remains elusive.
Erstwhile Florida Gators coach Will Muschamp has plenty of likely suitors if they want a big-time defensive coordinator position.
There are two openings in the SEC — Texas A&M and Auburn — and it seems logical the schools will at least call Muschamp to gauge their interest. But is that what's best for Muschamp's career and personal life?
We asked the SDS staff to debate.
WHICH SEC SCHOOL PRESENTS A MORE ATTRACTIVE LANDING SPOT FOR WILL MUSCHAMP AS A DEFENSIVE COORDINATOR (OR SHOULD They DO SOMETHING ELSE)?
Chris Walsh (@CrimsonWalsh): Wait for another head coaching job
The first thing that Muschamp has to do is figure out what their long-term goal is, to be a head coach or a coordinator, and I think they already know the answer to that. Opportunity is going to come, they just has to be patient and wait for it, and there's really nothing to be gained by being a coordinator at a high-profile program again because he's already done that. In short, they should hold out for another head coaching job.
Brad Crawford (@BCrawfordSDS): Texas A&M
At Texas A&M, only marginal improvement is needed on defense next season for an impressive finish considering the talent coming back on offense. Muschamp would have a longer leash and far lower expectations that what they would face instantly at Auburn. Myles Garrett a quality piece to build around at defensive end as well, not to mention Muschamp already knows the state of Texas after serving as the Longhorns DC for several seasons.
Brett Weisband (@WeisbandSDS): Auburn
Will Muschamp may have Texas ties, but their history at Auburn and apparent relationship with Gus Malzahn make the Tigers the better fit. Auburn lacks defensive talent, and bringing in a recruiter and defensive coach of Muschamp's caliber puts Auburn in a position to compete for the bevy of five-star prospects in the state. It's also widely assumed that Muschamp will want to be a head coach again at some time in the near future. Their biggest failure at Florida was an inability to field a competent offense, and if they want to learn that side of the ball then going with Malzahn is their best bet. Auburn just hung about a million yards on a very good Alabama defense, and Malzahn's offense is considered one of the most innovative in the country.
Christopher Smith (@csmithSDS): ESPN
I've heard from more than one person that the network has reached out to Muschamp. Word on the street is that their family doesn't want them to coach any more, or at least wants them to take a break, due to the stresses and rigors of the last few years. He'd be terrific on TV, judging by their honesty and frankness with the press, relatable personality and sense of humor. Plus, staying visible, but outside of the locker room, tends to have a tremendous affect on the value of a coach. (Since when did Jon Gruden become Vince Lombardi?) The man is going to make millions next year from Florida anyway. If Muschamp did TV for a year, he'd keep their name relevant, probably improve their already-good perception and maybe create a feeding frenzy next year for their services. If they don't get offered a decent head coaching job, they can always go back to being a well-compensated defensive coordinator at that point.
Ethan Levine (@EthanLevineSDS): Texas A&M
Texas A&M seems like the best opportunity for Muschamp as a defensive coordinator, thanks to the fertile recruiting grounds of the state of Texas and Muschamp's previous ties to the state as the defensive coordinator for the Texas Longhorns. The Aggies don't have many quality players on defense this season, but the ones they do have been young and still improving every week (Myles Garrett, Otaro Alaka, Armani Watts, etc.). Furthermore, he'll be able to build a foundation of talent faster at A&M than anywhere else thanks to the state's seemingly endless number of dynamic prospects. Kevin Sumlin is among the better recruiters in the SEC, and they seem to relate to high school stars better than most head coaches in the state. If Muschamp can focus exclusively on A&M's defense and on its recruiting in the Lone Star State, they could build a dominant defense in a span of just 2-3 years.
Jordan Cox (@Jordan_Cox): Texas A&M
Don't get me wrong, both programs vying for their services would be great places for them to coach. That said, I think Texas A&M is the better job for him. Having coached at Texas, Muschamp knows the landscape, has recruiting connections in the state and could easily turnaround the talent A&M has on defense. That's not even mentioning the deep pockets Texas A&M regents possess. Money isn't an issue for the program, and the Aggies are in a better position than Auburn to make Muschamp the first $2 million coordinator. Texas A&M has a wealth of talent on the defensive side of the football in Myles Garrett, Armani Watts and a host of others. Should Muschamp decide they want to coach in 2015, College Station would be the best fit.
Jason Hall (@JasonHallSDS): Texas A&M
The Aggies have a solid foundation of young talent. Muschamp would have the luxury of having Myles Garrett and several others as sophomores with a year of gained experience. Plus, they were so successful as a defensive coordinator at Texas that they were named “coach in waiting.” Their familiarity with the Texas recruiting hotbed will play to their advantage should they return to the Lonestar State.
A man in Tijuana, Mexico, watches a border wall prototype being built near San Diego in October. (AFP/Getty Images)
Gerald S. Dickinson is a constitutional law and property professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law.
President Trump still wants to push ahead with a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. They said Tuesday that a deal with Democrats in Congress about funding the government is unlikely in part because they won't go along with their immigration policies. And recent events have stoked concerns of imminent land standoffs: The White House is seeking to hire additional attorneys to seize land. Cards Against Humanity purchased land in defiance. But less publicized is recent efforts by 10 Democratic members of Congress representing districts near the U.S.-Mexico border, including Texas, New Mexico, California and Arizona, to introduce a bill that would prohibit Elaine Duke, acting secretary of homeland security, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions from “using eminent domain to acquire land for the purpose of constructing a wall.”
The ultimate fate of the wall — one of the central promises of Trump's 2016 campaign — may wind up being determined by short-term political considerations (do Republicans rally behind, or flee, the White House as next year's elections approach?), budget concerns (how many billions of dollars will it cost?) or simple logistics (how should it be built?).
But there's another reason members of Congress may want to consider supporting the bill's sponsors in prohibiting federal eminent domain to acquire land for its border wall project: It may be what the founding generation intended.
[The biggest problem with Trump's border wall isn't money. It's getting the land.]
On a practical level, it will be generally difficult for the Trump administration to get the land it needs to build a wall on the border. The federal government owns only about one-third of the 2,000 miles of the border. The rest is owned by state and local governments, private property owners or Native American tribes. Texas is a major obstacle, since it retained all its public lands when it was admitted into the Union in 1845 and has since sold much of the land to private landowners and local governments. The Trump administration would need to negotiate hundreds, if not thousands of settlements. If that fails, Trump would need to seize land by eminent domain, potentially rivaling the largest federal land acquisition projects in history.
Beyond the practical obstacles, the historical record suggests that attempts by the federal government to seize land within state boundaries for federal projects without consent and cooperation from the states would have probably raised quite a few eyebrows among members of the earliest sessions of Congress. William Baude's excellent scholarship is instructive on this history of cooperative federalism.
The Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause states “nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation.” But nothing in that provision expressly gives Congress the power of eminent domain. James Madison left a thin paper trail as to what exactly they intended in drafting the Takings Clause. There is no doubt that some members of Congress were believers in a federal eminent domain power, but the little evidence that is available on the question is still telling. Baude's research has unearthed an important narrative about the power that is relevant today.
[Canadians want to build a wall, too — to keep Americans out]
Rep. James Pindall of Virginia, for example, questioned if “any of the framers of the Constitution could ever have imagined … that the power to … lay open the enclosure of individuals … from one end of the State to the other, without their consent … passed into the hands of Congress by implication.” Rep. Silas Wood of New York noted that “the appropriation of the soil … belong[s] exclusively to the States.”
Even President James Monroe was skeptical, noting that the “condemnation of the land, if the proprietors should refuse to sell it … must be done by the State.” Forty years later, echoing Monroe's skepticism, Sen. Louis Wigfall of Texas reminded members of Congress that, like Monroe, the Republican Party's position was against a federal eminent domain power.
So how did the federal government in the early republic acquire land to build courthouses, post offices, lighthouses, navy yards, roads or wall-like structures like forts? The practice was consent and cooperation with the states. If the government needed land, it would ask for permission. The government would request that a state legislature seize private land and then purchase it, or the government would file suit in state court as a plaintiff, hoping to obtain a favorable ruling from a state trial court judge. The point is that for almost eight decades after ratification of the Constitution, Congress arguably did not recognize a federal power to directly take private property for its major projects and did not exercise pure condemnation powers.
The Supreme Court was just as reluctant as Congress to acknowledge a federal power to seize land inside state borders. In Pollard's Lessee v. Hagan, the Supreme Court stated that outside the District of Columbia and the territories, “the United States have no constitutional capacity to exercise . . . eminent domain.” Five years later, in Goodtitle v. Kibbe, the court reiterated this position, stating that the federal government could not “grant or confirm a title to land when the sovereignty and dominion over it had become vested in the State.”
However, in 1875, at the dawn of a post-Civil War time period when significant changes in our understanding of the Constitution and the nature of state and federal powers were transforming, the Supreme Court erased any lingering doubts about the federal eminent domain power in Kohl v. United States, stating that “[t]he Constitution itself contains an implied recognition of [eminent domain] beyond what may justly be implied from the express grants.” Following Kohl, the prior cooperative system of consent was tossed aside. Congress enacted sweeping statutory power in the late 1800s authorizing federal agencies and officers to directly acquire property necessary for, among other things, national parks, civil and military projects.
Republicans who oppose the wall (and even those on the fence, so to speak) now may welcome the opportunity to reclaim the spirit of the founding generation as their guiding principle against federal intrusion into state territory along the U.S.-Mexico border, especially as many Republicans subscribe to originalism as a constitutional philosophy. Oddly enough, the proposed bill, sponsored entirely by Democrats, offers Republicans the opportunity to embrace the old system of consent and cooperation with, at the very least, states along the southwest border. Imagine Sessions and a Republican-controlled Congress requesting a Republican-controlled state legislature in Texas to seize constituents' (farmers, ranchers, homeowners) private property to advance a Republican president's federal immigration policy of an international border wall.
As for Democrats, they also may find solace in this historical account because it offers a property law dimension to what Heather Gerken calls “progressive federalism.” From the travel ban to sanctuary cities, state and local governments have redoubled their efforts to mobilize, resist and shield constituents from federal policies that they perceive as an anathema to their interests. The Democrats' bill does more than protect their constituents' land from federal seizure: It has the potential to implicitly force the Trump administration to cooperate and seek consent from Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California before seizing land to fortify the southwest border or else face some “uncooperative federalism.”
All in all, while too much water has flown under the bridge to ever seriously consider completely stripping the federal power of eminent domain, the skeptical sentiments and spirit of the founding generation, along with the actual historical practice of consent and cooperation in acquiring land, should have contemporary appeal for those concerned that Trump's prior admiration for taking private property for their businesses is now being wielded for their immigration policy preferences.
Inspiration & Preparation: An Interview With Animal Liberation Orchestra's Zach Gill
Contributed by Mike Guzaski (@312mrg)
Chicago experienced a typically loaded Spring weekend over the 4/20 "holiday". Highlights included Greyboy All Stars and Funky Meters holding court on Friday, and Jim James bringing their show to the Vic. But the clubs had some worthwhile shows as well, and Animal Liberation Orchestra gave Double Door denizens a little taste of what's happening in the West Coast jam scene. Prior to the show, I got a chance to sit down with keyboardist / vocalist / ukeleke player and all-around stage performer Zach Gill. The band is currently touring to support their 7th album Sounds Like This. Zach's accessible and welcoming personality comes through quite clear in this far-ranging and thoughtful conversation that touches on their most representative recording effort to date, the science of setlists, segues and influences like Phish, Grateful Dead and the late great James Brown.
: On Sounds Like This, it feels like you guys went in with the specific intent to stretch it out a little bit.
ZG: We have a side of the band that is pretty poppy and accessible and then we have a side of the band that likes to invent musical adventures, and so it's always a tricky a blend. When the radio people say we need a 3 minute hook, we can kind of go that way... we were kind of chasing that a little. But with this last one, we asked ourselves "what if we made whatever we made and didn't worry about that aspect of it at all?"
MG: And did that come from confidence?
ZG: Yeah a little bit from confidence, a little bit from seeing the pop music industry tank anyway….and why chase? Music is a powerful thing for me. I come from a musical family. Like a lot of things, I believe music has become a commodity. It's traded, so it's such an easy thing for people to say "I like this... I don't like that", and its easy for the magic to be taken out of it. But this thing is amazing, certain rhythms can make people dance…certain chords can make people sad -- that's fully magical. Over time, you can get used to it and the spell gets broken, so with Sounds Like This, we wanted to get back to the stuff that feels good and natural to us, and not worry so much about the commodity aspect of it. We'd figure that out on the back end. Let's just make something that feels really good.
I listened to the new Justin Timberlake album, but the only review I read of it was that there was a 7 minute song on there and in parentheses is said "TOO LONG! "and I was like: why? In a Silent Way, one of my favorite albums by Miles Davis has 2 songs on it, and they are both like 20 minutes long! So with this album, it can be so much more than digestible 3 minute songs. Though I love that too…the pop song format is a wonderful way to unify people…
MG: Setlists are a huge attraction for me and the "science" behind them appeals to me. What's the creative process for coming up with the night's set? Do you use data or memory to come up with it?
ZG: We have a huge Google Doc with every show that we've ever played in Chicago, so we know what we played the last time we were here, we also try to keep tabs with how many people are coming from other cities….you want to create a unique show every night. It's a tricky situation we're in because we don't tour that much, so there's always the songs you feel you might have to play, just because there's the people that come once a year, wanting those. Maybe there's the newest songs on the album you're really excited about, so we're always trying to balance that. Tonight we're only playing one long set because Ryan's (Montbleau) doing a full set too, so that changes things. It'd be great to get every guy in the band to sing 1 or 2 songs, and then it would be great to do some requests, and then there's what we feel like playing -- so it's a whole balancing act. Then there are technical aspects of it -- finding songs that really work nicely together and getting a nice flow going…and this one goes into that one…
MG: So do you go into it with a loose idea of what you want and during the course of a jam or a show you change directions?
ZG: Do you mean every night?
MG: Maybe in the midst of a show?
ZG: Yeah, you know sometimes… we went through our beginnings of being anti-setlist, that we'd wing it, and that led to some amazing stuff. It's funny... I was just reading that Grateful Dead Rolling Stone Issue and it's got all their articles and there's an interview where it's talking about “You guys flopped last night at the Benefit", and Jerry's owning up to it, “Yeah you know it just never came together we just went out there and couldn't get it going, I stand behind it, it's what we did”, and you know those guys were courageous like that…and I think Phish is courageous like that, but seem a little more like they've actually worked it out.
MG: Speaking of setlists, segues are another another draw of the typical fan, and you guys blend and get into one song from another quite well. I love the little segue on a setlist and understanding the journey of getting there... how it developed, how it began to crystallize and then the landing point is like this enthusiastic exclamation point. Do you try to define a loose segue structure like out a song like "Barbecue"? I was listening to a "Barbecue" where "1999" appeared organically out of nowhere…
ZG: That's interesting because "Barbecue" is one that has lots of points where we have gone to so many different songs from it. Usually the first time it happens, we just accidentally get there and it's pretty exciting! I remember, one time out of "Barbecue" we got into "Eye of the Tiger", and we were in Philly, so maybe it was part of that, and somehow it was awesome and it's happening and for a long time we just kept putting it in and it was so fun. Then at some point we stopped because we don't want to make it a gimmick because then the magic starts to leave it if it feels too much like schtick. Then on New Year's Eve "1999" just found its way in accidentally…and then recently you know the one that keeps coming into Barbecue is "Baba O'Riley" and it came in for an second in Chico, and we were like this could be really cool, but there are some parts we needed to learn.
With that kind of stuff, it's how loose do you feel comfortable with? In certain contexts -- like Las Tortugas, a small intimate mountain festival where you know you could do no wrong -- people aren't driving anywhere and there are two full days where we can get as creative as we want to get. I really like that, especially because that can be an exploratory time. Sometimes in a club they put you on a tight timeline -- you gotta be out of there by this time, and it really stops the energy, it's nice when you have a plethora of time. I think especially for the jam scene.
We can do the sweat set thing. I was just reading where Bob Weir said he's been able to curve their jams. It is understanding where you need to curtail and restrain.
MG: Sitting down with you, I feel I can now stake claim to two degrees of separation with James Brown…
ZG: YEAH!
MG: …I find it really remarkable that a life of a musician and following their craft forces them to take a lot of risk, either musically on stage, with musical styles, and in your case leaving California for Augusta, GA in order to meet James Brown.
ZG: It was easy because it was such a fun adventure at the time. You know Dave's old girlfriend was a back up singer in James Brown's band at the time, and they were like “You all oughta come out to Georgia, they'd love you out here”, that was like the big summer: 1996. My whole world sort of turned upside down, and I sorta became the guy I am today, the musician. I shed a lot of stuff from high school, like even ideas about music. My hair grew long, my beard grew out…and the thing that was interesting about that time was that the jam band scene was really becoming a thing. We had seen Phish come play the small place on campus (UCSB) and then a year and a half later they were playing the Thunderdome, and Jerry had recently died…and I got Phish, and they were music students and in the same way I was... just lovers of music, and they were making their own brand of it and open to all sorts of things.
We were in school learning about all these different styles, and taking them all really seriously…and in this place of digesting all this music. So in that summer of '96, which was a very hands-on time, we didn't have a large following and we booked that tour, we did it all ourselves. We were still called Django, but Dave had joined the band. We didn't have a large following in California, we had just moved out there. We wrote a ton of the songs that are in the set today.
We lived in Georgia. We took mushrooms. We played in this bar called the Highlander where we'd start at midnight and we played til dawn. All the other bars would close down and people would like swim in and out and all sorts of trippy characters showed up. We just had a great time.
Simultaneously, we started getting our little jamband immersion, developing relationships with young bands and people in the scene. We were also going to see James Brown all the time and he's got this sweat set aesthethic. At that time we definitely had the aesthetic of the Grateful Dead. Where we were from, Isla Vista, we'd stop between songs and just started talking... endless banter, no setlist. The scene we were coming from in Isla Vista was such a party, we played long 4 hour sets.
Once we got to Georgia we were playing at bars with the same mentality, and we were seeing James Brown. He's got everything on cues, nothing is left to chance. So their lawyer came to see us one night, because there was this buzz starting to build in Augusta. They walk up, and we were in this bar and was like "you guys are good, but what is going on?… you just take so long between songs, you gotta do what Mr. Brown does, they do the sweat set!"
So they lectured us about the sweat set and we took it to heart, to try to become more like James. Interestingly, simultaneously the jam scene changed, developing a funky sound. Phish was doing their proggy thing in that time before they got really funky. We were building a style that was like “let's get funky” before that ever really hit the jam scene. We were close with Galactic and they were all on the same page, the Greyboy All-Stars were a little bit older than us, but they were on the same path before the jam scene developed that funk angle.
MG: I love this collection of bands in this scene. From small conversations on the side of the stage after a show, seeing a band member walking through the crowd before or after they play…the thing about this scene that you are very much a part of is the community…the welcoming nature of the musicians and fans. It's accessible in so many different aspects. It's like it's a ritual…a wedding…
ZG: It is a ritual, a conversation… its like the old communion. Music has always been the ceremonial thing…it's not album sales. It's about the party. It's an adventure. That's what gets me excited about this…it's not getting stuck in any frozen thing.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Academy is not always successful at stopping Oscar sales
An Oscar statuette that changed hands last year for $79,200 (£50,726) can be reclaimed by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for just $10 (£6.40), a Los Angeles judge has ruled.
The ruling was made after an agreement was reached between the Academy and Nate D Sanders, an auction house that specialises in movie memorabilia.
The golden statuette in question was awarded in 1942 to Joseph C Wright for their colour art direction on My Gal Sal.
Their heirs sold the Oscar in June 2014.
The Academy tried to prevent the sale, claiming it breached a rule, instituted in 1951, that Oscar winners and their heirs cannot sell statuettes without first offering it to the organisation for $10.
The Academy's lawyers argued that Nate D Sanders was aware of the requirement when it bought the Oscar at a sale organised by Rhode Island firm Briarbrook Auctions.
Nate B Sanders previously handled the auction of 15 Oscar statues, a collection whose sale fetched more than $3m (£1.9m), in 2012.
"The Oscar is perhaps the world's most distinctive and prestigious award for achievement in the arts,'' said Gary E Gans, the lawyer who represented the Academy in the protracted litigation.
"This case established that the Academy can maintain the dignity and value of such an award by keeping it from becoming a commodity."
Last year the Academy took legal action against the heirs of another Oscar winner - cinematographer Robert Surtees - after they allegedly sold one of their awards on eBay.
3 Tips For Standing Out On Tinder:
#1 – Have Fun With It
To start off, even though looks don't really matter in game. This is a very fast paced app, and works by viewing 4-5 photos of someone. So to some degree you'll want to have good photos.
Make the photos fun, have one's where its clear who you are, show that you can have a good time, or if you play a sport that's always good to add in. DON'T take selfies DON'T do mirror poses, pouting while showing off your after shower body.
Just keep it fun. In my experience, when I put photos on Tinder of me and other girls, I get a lot less likes. So I usually don't put photos with girls just because I get a much higher success rate when I don't put them.
#2 – Use Bait for Opening
This hot girl just received 465 matches by every single guy they swiped on the app. Don't be boring and say:
“Oh hey, how are you” or
“Hey you're so pretty”…
If you want to stand out on tinder you need to think outside the box, don't do what everyone else is doing. Instead you'll need to open with something I call bait.
Something funny, or shocking or anything that will get a response since it stands out.
You're not trying to be the James Bond of Tinder, because everyone else is busy doing that, so you may as well try to go in with a different angle. Personally I love the funny opener, it gets the vibe going and it gets a response pretty well.
I'll give you an example of a funny opener I use.
If I match with a girl and their name appears as ‘Laura', I'd open with something like:
“Hey, I'm guessing your name is Laura? I don't mean to brag or anything but I'm a pretty good guesser”
Now, as cheesy and bullshit as this opener is, usually they'll find it funny and the conversation is already a hook.
They love that one and they end up playing along with it and acting impressed.
Great fun. “Hey listen I'd love to…” is also a fun one to open with, or “The craziest thing just happened”
If you are short on time, or typically can't be bothered for the funny approach, I say go full force.
It may not be as consistent as the funny approach, but when you hit, you hit. Tell them straight up that all you're interested is a hook up, you aren't going to judge her, you just want some good sex.
Usually they'll give you a little back and forth to make sure you're legit and standing your ground.
#3 – Cut Out The Bullshit
You know what's up, they know what's up.
You're not trying to make a new friend, you're trying to fuck this girl. Don't spend 6 months texting getting to know each other, 5-6 back and forth texts you should go in for plans.
Meet me here, lets do this, what's your number, anything as long as you make a proper plan or a close.
We'll have another video and article on what to actually do on the date, but for now I'm sure you can figure it out 😉
The soaring rate of testicular cancer in the UK and other Western countries is linked today to the increased popularity of cannabis. Testicular cancer has more than doubled over the past 30 years and its rise parallels that of the use of cannabis, Britain's most popular illegal drug.
Researchers in the US have found that men who regularly smoke cannabis have a 70 per cent increased risk of testicular cancer. The risk was highest – twice that of those who never used the drug – in those who smoked it at least once a week or had a long history of use, beginning in adolescence.
The study is based on findings from 369 men with testicular cancer who were questioned about their history of cannabis use. The results were compared with 979 men who did not have cancer. Cannabis was linked with testicular cancer independently of smoking, drinking and family history.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Experts from Cancer Research UK said it was the first time a link had been suggested and the size of the study was small. More than three million people smoke cannabis and only a tiny proportion develop the cancer.
The results, published today in the journal Cancer, showed a link between cannabis use and one type of testicular cancer, called nonseminoma, which is aggressive, tends to strike younger men and accounts for 40 per cent of testicular cancer.
Stephen Schwartz, an epidemiologist at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre in Seattle, Washington, who led the research, said: "Our study is not the first to suggest that some aspect of a man's lifestyle or environment is a risk factor for testicular cancer but it is the first that has looked at marijuana use."
There were 2,109 cases of testicular cancer in Britain in 2005 and 78 deaths. In 1975 there were 850 cases. Unlike other cancers, it is most common in young men with a peak incidence between the ages of 20 and 40.
The more common, slower growing type, called seminoma, was not linked with cannabis use, even though both types have been growing by 3 to 6 per cent a year since the 1950s in the US, UK and other developed countries.
Although testicular cancer is normally curable when caught early, some patients are not diagnosed until the disease is advanced. Undescended testes in childhood and a family history of the disease are known to increase the risk.
The disease is thought to begin in the womb when germ cells in the foetus (those that will eventually make sperm in the adult) fail to develop properly. Exposure to male hormones in adolescence is thought to trigger development of cancer in the affected cells. Chronic cannabis use is known to reduce sperm quality and increase impotence, which are linked with testicular cancer.
The testes have receptors for tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the main psychoactive ingredient in cannabis, and the male reproductive system is known to naturally produce a cannabinoid-like chemical that is thought to protect against the disease.
The researchers speculate that cannabis may interfere with this anti-tumour effect, increasing the risk of the cancer developing.
Janet Daling, a member of the research team, said: "It has been suggested that puberty is a window of opportunity during which lifestyle or environmental factors can increase the risk of testicular cancer. This is consistent with the study's findings that the elevated risk of nonseminoma-type testicular cancer in particular was associated with marijuana use prior to age 18."
The Washington Examiner's Paul Bedard crunched some the new numbers on gun politics from Pew Research and found that almost half the country has a gun in the home. Pew found that 44 percent of all homes have guns, while 51 percent do not. It bucks the trend of other polls, namely CBS News, which found that the percentage of gun ownership hovered in the mid-30s.
Yes, anti-gun liberals will point out that the majority of households don't have guns. Yet, the same survey found that 52 percent of Americans prioritize protecting gun rights over new means to control ownership. Moreover, it's a constitutional right. It's part of the Bill of Rights, which is immune to public opinion and for good reason.
By this logic of rights being put on a graduated scale based on opinion polls (or levels of participation) to decide whether it should be kept of discarded, the right to peaceful assembly should be on the chopping block since no one really exercises it.
But getting back to the numbers, the Pew survey also found majority support for most of the Left's anti-gun agenda. Eighty-one percent support background checks for private and gun show sales; 52 percent support an assault weapons ban; 50 percent back a ban on high-capacity magazines; and 71 percent back a ban on those on terror watch lists from buying guns.
It may be popular. It doesn't make it right. The assault weapons ban had zero impact reducing gun violence. Private sales between non-family members are incredibly low to the point where it's mere window dressing if you're in the gun control camp (like most of their policies); most private transfers are between family members. Bans on high-capacity magazines don't stop mass shootings—and using secret government lists, of which there is no due process and the criteria for getting on that list is unknown, to deprive an American of their Second Amendment rights is arguably unconstitutional. You lose your gun rights after being convicted of a crime, not based on mere suspicion. There is one area where there could be common ground; 76 percent oppose those who are mentally ill from buying guns. I couldn't agree more depending on the illness. There is a huge difference between a paranoid schizophrenic and someone with Asperger's. The legal minefield of making this an efficient system, which disease should prohibit someone from owning guns, and the various privacy issues is worthy of a long debate. Democrats don't want to have it.
Another interesting nugget in the data rests with Millennials. The proposals banning so-called assault weapons and high-capacity magazine couldn't break 50 percent support with this overwhelmingly liberal voting block.
Being a League Championship Series player isn't easy. Now imagine if you were also the owner of a squad, and that your squad experienced a potentially damaging roster turnover following tough scrimmages and an unsatisfactory Week 1 showing.
Imagine you're Enrique "xPeke" Cedeno Martinez, owner of Origen and the 2015 Challenger to World Championship semifinalist squad.
"The situation was pretty much that -- with FORG1VEN -- we wanted to get a strong lineup for this split," xPeke explained. "We all knew with [our team's] mentality that it's gonna be pretty hard at the beginning. Because we have a new bot lane that had to adapt to each other, and [because] we also have a new team -- completely new team -- we had to adapt to each other on a new patch. That's really hard." Editor's Picks Chino: 'To be the best, you have to beat the best' It all started with a can of Red Bull. Now, Dream Team is living the dream and holding its own at the Call of Duty World League.
The Rocket League European Championship Semifinals highlights Switzerland vs Russia. Belgium vs Hungary. The semifinals were an explosive affair, and now we're down to just two teams. Check out the action from the semifinals!
MLG Anaheim Call of Duty groups breakdown With 108 teams competing at MLG Anaheim for the grand prize of $100,000 and 10,000 CWL pro points, the competition looks tough. We break down the favorites to move out of each group. 2 Related
Although the departures of Alfonso "mithy" Aguirre Rodriguez and Jesper "Zven" Svenningsen caught Origen off-guard, it salvaged the situation with two hires in the bottom lane: 2016 LCS spring split champion Glenn "Hybrid" Doornenbal and mechanical virtuoso Konstantinos "FORG1VENGRE" Tzortziou-Napoleon. But as the two failed to develop chemistry and a common approach to bottom lane play, their frustration spread to the rest of the team.
Hybrid desired a team-oriented approach, where the lane contributed to the overall unit's success, even if it meant losing early on. That approach clashed with FORG1VEN's lane-dominant and carry-oriented play-style and required ample amounts of communication. "At the same time -- as a team -- we were doing really, really badly," added xPeke. "For everyone, it was coming to a point that is like -- 'We have to try harder.'"
Whether FORG1VEN thought Origen would top the rankings from the beginning, or whether it was the same burnout that led them to initially call it quits for the summer split, Origen found itself without an AD carry, forcing xPeke to find a solution fast. As they stated, "We knew we had little time to look for a new AD carry because we had to submit it to Riot. They have to approve it, and then we can use it."
The most promising prospects were ineligible to participate in the LCS due either to being under the allowed minimum age (17), or to commitments such as final yearly exams. With that in mind, the squad had two alternatives.
"It just came to a point where we had to take some guy that is AD carry, but never played in a team and never really experienced how to play as a team. We're not even sure if he's that good to make it up with their skill that we can just teach them the game," said xPeke pensively before adding, "or, [we had to] play with me."
A skilled AD carry without team experience, at the highest level, would be a gamble for the short term. "If we bring a rookie, put them on the team, and we start losing," xPeke continued, "it can be bad for them as well as a player to develop."
Mithy and xPeke chat during the EU LCS Spring Split finals. Provided by Riot Games
That left the team with an unthinkable prospect turned into a reality: xPeke donning the AD carry mantle. In the short run, the squad has an experienced player filling in a role they had never played competitively. In the long run, the team is free to try out prospects and integrate them to the lineup down the line, either as substitutes or as starters if their performances prove convincing. "We won't win lanes," xPeke admitted. "[But] we can be even or lose by a bit, and then at least we can keep improving as a team until we find an AD carry that we find suitable."
But they had to mull over the decision as a player, as a friend of their players, and as an owner: a delicate tightrope act that few have performed. "I would be more happy and stay at my house not playing and relaxing, but it's a lot of stress and we had nothing to do," xPeke reflected. "As an owner, I don't know what the best decision is. As a player, I don't know what's the best. And as a teammate, I don't know what's the best."
With no better alternative, the choice was obvious: Don the black and blue jersey in an unfamiliar role, and help the squad in any way they could.
"What I feel is important that I bring to the team is a positive environment," said xPeke. "Maybe other players tend to not talk, or to be more quiet if things are going bad, or not be positive and be doubtful [but] I bring that comm to the team. Even though I have no idea what's going to happen, I'm more calm in a way that I'm more like 'Let's wait for this, and then we play for that.' If the game is equal, we are not losing either."
The impact was immediate. Short of a crushing defeat against the Unicorns of Love in Week 1, the squad played more decisively against Vitality during Week 2's first day and secured a tie. In both games, Origen started strong and overcame early-game jitters, but the outcomes differed. Paul "sOAZ" Boyer's woes took Game 1 out of Origen's hands, and their takeover early on in the second game secured the team's first victory of the split.
Two games, two outcomes, two strategic calls. A matter of execution.
"I feel that the moment we put everyone top [in Game 1], the idea was really good but we did it in a wrong way," xPeke elaborated. "sOAZ shouldn't have TP'd, we should have fought them out of the turret. Take the turret and sOAZ stays bot. And I think when we misplayed on that, it went down from there because sOAZ is behind. And when sOAZ is behind, we don't really have anything to play for anymore."
As for the second game, following a Vitality gank on the bottom lane, Maurice "Amazing" Stückenschneider's top lane camp initiated a map-wide snowball with the French top laner at the center. xPeke was uncertain on whether their Lucian pick -- a mobile carry pick with no utility, unlike their Sivir pick in Game 1 -- was the right one, but Origen prevailed.
"It's really stressful sometimes being the owner, the player and being a friend," xPeke admitted. "Sometimes, when you have to act as a friend, you have to say things differently than if you act as a teammate. And even more different if you act as an owner."
The players will count them as a teammate for the foreseeable future as they seek to hire help on the organizational front. It's the only way around the bundle of stress a player/owner deals with in esports. More importantly, it provides them the ability to help in different ways. "I can focus on playing," they said. "And maybe, if at some point I'm not playing, [I can] help them focus on learning the game -- teaching them and helping them."
Activists of the Shiv Sena on Monday forced the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay to remove a painting of a modern interpretation of Hindu deity Hanuman, alleging that it hurt the religious sentiments of many. “The painting was in bad taste,” party leader Datta Dalvi told The Indian Express. “Students should not have portrayed the deity like that.”
The wall painting – made as part of IIT-B's annual cultural festival Mood Indigo – showed Hanuman flying with the mythical Gandhamadana Mountain that grew the life-saving Sanjivani herbs in one hand and holding a pen in the other instead of their mace. It also portrayed them in shorts with an iPod strapped to their arm, their crown was replaced with headphones and a local train instead of their tail.
“Making them wear sunshades, shorts, shoes and slippers cannot be called art. This is plain mockery of God, which is not acceptable,” Sunil Raut, Shiv Sena MLA from Vikhroli, told Hindustan Times. “This is a mockery of someone's religious beliefs and could have been picked up by locals as a direct attack against their religion.”
Shiv Sainiks were reportedly apprised of the painting the previous night, after which they went to the campus on Raut and Dalvi's instructions. Local Sena leader Nilesh Salunkhe said they had refused to leave the campus till the administration issued a written apology for the artwork.
Raut said the Sena had informed the Powai Police before entering the institute's campus to avoid trouble. Consequently, the painting had to be whitewashed, according to The Times of India.
Mental health issues carry with them a great deal of stigma, and they aren't commonly discussed. Martial artists, in particular, have a tendency to avoid the topic, because martial arts are supposed to instill discipline, focus, and mental clarity. Additionally, martial artists are often seen as “tough” people, and it can sometimes be difficult for others to understand that those they consider “tough” could be struggling with mental health. Personally, I have been clinically diagnosed with depression, and I know several martial artists who also deal with mental health issues, but even I tend to avoid discussions about it. If you are planning on getting healthier, get health supplements like the best bioidentical hormone! Last night, I posted a short statement on my Facebook Page about my depression, and was overwhelmed by the support I received, which inspired this article. It can be difficult to talk about, but I feel that I should bring it up, because I know that I am not the only one. You could suffer some injuries while in competitions, but you easily get rid of any pains with these pain management doctors in tampa. Also one of the best stimulants for your central nervous system is in this article about 6apb manufacturing company!
Since depression and, to a degree, anxiety, are the mental health issues that I deal with, personally, they are the ones I am most familiar with. With the help of ibogaine medicinal plant, mental issues and addiction dependence can be treated. Visit experienceibogaine.com to see the popular videos on ibogaine treatment. A lot of people may say that they feel “depressed,” or “anxious,” but it is important to note that this is not the same as having depression, or an anxiety disorder. There are various ways that people can deal with these disorders, but it is never as simple as “cheering up.” Some people need medications, some go to therapy, some engage in hobbies that they find calming, but most have some combination of things to help them cope. One of my coping mechanisms is my martial arts training–it helps me forget the things that are dragging me down, and work through the emotions that I struggle with. Unfortunately, no coping mechanism is bulletproof, and depression can take the joy out of anything. There are nights when I leave the dojo feeling defeated, useless, and hopeless, and I know that I'm not the only one. It is a terrible feeling to do something that you love, and which normally helps you feel better, only to leave just as depressed–or more depressed. In cases like this, you really need to lean on your support system, and do what you can to work through it.
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) is not something I have had to deal with, personally, for which I am thankful. I have found, however, that many people with PTSD are drawn to martial arts, for a variety of reasons. Military veterans, women who have been sexually assaulted, and children who have been the victims of child abuse and bullying, are relatively common to find in martial arts, and many of them struggle with PTSD every day. This is something that instructors need to be cognizant of, because it can have a powerful impact on a student's ability to participate in training. Some subject matter, and some of the training activities, can be extremely uncomfortable for people with PTSD, and can trigger attacks that include flashbacks, panic attacks, or even seizures. It's important to remember that this doesn't make these people weak, or unstable, or unsuited to martial arts training. What they need are understanding instructors and dojo-mates who take the time to learn about what they are experiencing, what their triggers are, and how to help them.
There are many other mental health issues, of course, but these are the ones I am most familiar with. I hope that this brief article gives people who suffer from these issues, and others, an opportunity to open a dialogue with others about what they are going through. Life is hard enough when dealing with depression, PTSD, or other mental illnesses, but it is even harder when you have to try to hide it, and dealing with people who simply do not understand what you're going through. I want everyone, but especially my fellow martial artists, who deal with this to know that they are not alone. You are in good company, and if we open up and discuss these types of issues more often, we can reduce the stigma and help build a greater support system for ourselves and others.
For those dealing with mental health issues, who are in need of help, I urge you to reach out. You can find many resources and hotlines here.
Share this: Share
Facebook
Print
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Facebook Comments
comments
Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York sued three major banks on Friday, accusing them of fraud in their use of an electronic mortgage database that they said resulted in deceptive and illegal practices, including false documents in foreclosure proceedings.
Mr. Schneiderman, co-chairperson of a new mortgage crisis unit under President Obama, filed a lawsuit against Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase in New York State Supreme Court in Brooklyn.
The database, called the Mortgage Electronic Registration System or MERS, was created in the mid-1990s for tracking mortgage ownership. It is a collaboration of top mortgage servicers, mortgage insurers and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the government entities that hold many of the country's mortgages.
“The mortgage industry created MERS to allow financial institutions to evade county recording fees, avoid the need to publicly record mortgage transfers and facilitate the rapid sale and securitization of mortgages en masse,” Mr. Schneiderman said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“By creating this bizarre and complex end-around of the traditional public recording system,” Mr. Schneiderman's lawsuit asserts, the banks saved $2 billion in recording fees.
Laughter of the mad surrounds you as the blood moon rises over the top of a damned city. You tighten your grip on the controller and your stress level rises as a terrifying visage approaches in the distance, unearthly aberrations sprouting from its squirming limbs. Soon the laughter of the mad is yours; the impossible battle that you have finally managed to obtain a fraction of control over takes an unexpected turn, and you realize how little you know. Welcome to Bloodborne, where death and insanity lurk around every dark corner and nothing is as it seems.
You are a tourist in From Software's mad dreamscape, and your journey through this atmospheric masterpiece leaves you unsettled and craving more. You face the impossible and the unreal, and through prowess and persistence, you overcome the nightmares with an unrivaled sense of achievement and satisfaction. Yes, the game is as challenging as a Souls title (also made by From Software), but just as with that series, multiplayer options and player progression can provide methods for anyone to triumph.
Bloodborne is a shining example of fantastic gameplay combined with terror, with its introductory hours rooted in traditional horror tropes, rife with werewolves and twisted humans in the cursed city of Yharnam. The tale quickly takes a turn for the weird and the wonderful as the true plot is revealed layer by layer, an esoteric and eldritch trek through a luxurious Lovecraftian yarn. Never before has From's dark fantasy setting been so intimately realized, with strong visuals and atmosphere, and the switch to a pure horror aesthetic allows the studio to embrace aspects that have only been subtly injected in previous titles.
Combat is deliberate like the Souls series, but faster and focused on a razor-sharp balance: Offense is rewarded and passivity punished. The best defense is a good offense, whether you're landing precise blows with the threaded cane or heavy impact slams with the tombstone-on-a-sword Kirkhammer. To regain system encourages this – as enemies cut into your life, you have a window to gain back many of the lost hit points by returning blows within a short time frame. Your adventure is steeped in exploration through Bloodborne's vast interconnected world, unlocking shortcuts and learning. Through every death you obtain critical knowledge that you can use to avoid the same fate on your next attempt, and those deaths come often.
You have many opportunities to select new weapons, level up, purchase new armor, and equip runes and blood gems to customize your character. While the selection of weapons isn't vast, the customization options and the fact that most weapons have “trick” settings that allow it to function as essentially two completely different entities should curb any associated woes. The loot ramp up, while slow, is satisfying as you cobble together different builds and combinations, tailoring certain builds to better face certain encounters or zones.
The boss battles are fascinating, some built on special gimmicks or setpieces. Each functions as its own special battle, with few uninteresting or generic monstrosities; many bosses serve up multi-phase encounters that transition from the understandable and controllable to crazed transformations with cosmic terrors. These battles sync up incredibly well with the overarching themes of the game – keep your cool as the music and tension rise, and you shall emerge soaked in blood as fiends fall before you. Battles with other NPC hunters can often be as thrilling as boss fights – with guns blasting and swords swinging in a frenzy – and a single mistimed maneuver can be the difference between victory and defeat.
If you're having trouble playing solo, you can call in friends (or random players) to help. You can also invade others' games, providing they have enabled the option. These aspects are great for players having trouble with certain bosses, or those that want to explore Chalice Dungeons. Chalice Dungeons come in several flavors: locked-configuration endeavors that have set bosses and areas, and procedurally generated dungeons that can be shared with friends. These continuing challenges add a lot of longevity to the game outside of the traditional new game plus.
If there are any qualms about Bloodborne, perhaps one of the only ones is the long load times associated with entering new areas or death – these long affairs can become quite irksome during the frequent, inevitable deaths that go along with playing the game.
Bloodborne is a blood-drenched horror gem that has only the faintest of cracks in its façade. Bloodborne succeeds through sparse storytelling, lush atmospheres (conjuring up notions of the best of Lovecraft's work), and tight combat that forces you to be aggressive. While this new IP doesn't stray far from the established Souls franchise, it is a magical, wondrous work that admirably instills both terror and triumph in those brave enough to delve into it.
(1) 1985 KC Royals vs. (1) 1969 KC Chiefs
If you are a KC sports fan, do you really need a lot of info on this one?
It's NFL vs. MLB.
Super Bowl vs. World Series.
Len Dawson and Co. vs. George Brett and Co.
If you remember both, which one means more to you? If you don't, it might just come down to whether or not you are a bigger baseball or football fan.
Either way, both seasons mean a ton to KC sports history, and might arguably be the top two in the history of the city. However, when it comes to bracket-style tournaments, sometimes the heavy weights meet a round early.
Which season should advance to the Final Four? (1) 1985 Royals (79%, 126 Votes)
(1) 1969 Chiefs (21%, 34 Votes) Total Voters: 160
Loading ... Loading ...
(1) 2007-08 Kansas Basketball vs. (2) 2013 Sporting KC
This Final Four match-up is different than the KC vs. KC one.
Sure, both of these seasons were amazing, but one is a team that not every KC sports fan adores, and another plays a sport, that while growing in U.S. popularity, is not embraced by everyone.
The Jayhawks, one of the true Blue Bloods of college basketball, had an amazing season with 37 wins and a national title. SKC on the other hand won the city's first professional championship in 28 years when they hoisted the MLS Cup in 2013.
What means more to Kansas City: college basketball or soccer?
Which season should advance to the Final Four? (2) 2013 Sporting KC (79%, 157 Votes)
(1) 2007-08 KU BB (21%, 42 Votes) Total Voters: 199
Loading ... Loading ...
Voting for the Final Four will end at 5 p.m. CST on Wednesday, August 5. Voting for the Championship round will begin Friday, August 7th with final results posted Monday, August 10.
Thanks for participating!
A week-long search for a quadruple amputee — a suspect in their parents' deaths in east Orange County — officially ended nearly 800 miles away in Memphis, where police said Sean Petrozzino killed himself.
The 30-year-old shot themselves in the head with a semi-automatic pistol inside their father's red Toyota Camry after police pulled them over for making an illegal U-turn on Monday, Memphis police confirmed Wednesday.
Petrozzino, who was alone in the car, died at the scene. Officials have not said what led them to Memphis.
The gun they used to kill themselves was not the weapon used to kill their parents, likely a high-powered rifle, according to the Orange County Sheriff's Office.
Authorities, who previously said Petrozzino was a person of interest in their parents' deaths, said Wednesday that they are now being considered a suspect.
Their parents, 64-year-old Nancy Petrozzino, an Andover Elementary School teacher, and 63-year-old father, Michael Petrozzino, were found shot dead in their Heming Way home on Nov. 4.
Orange County deputies are in Memphis trying to confirm that the man that shot themselves at a traffic stop is Sean Petrozzino. (Video by FOX35) Orange County deputies are in Memphis trying to confirm that the man that shot themselves at a traffic stop is Sean Petrozzino. (Video by FOX35) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Two trash cans stood in front of the Petrozzinos' front door on Wednesday, and a bundle of purple flowers was tucked in behind a lantern hanging by the garage door.
A biohazard cleaning crew came to the house over the weekend, said neighbor Richard Ellwood.
"The few people that I've talked with feel as if, if in fact Sean did the two murders, and now he's gone, there's a sense of peace," Ellwood said. "You don't have to worry about somebody coming back to the neighborhood."
Michael Petrozzino was shot in the abdomen and the head, said Dr. Sara Zydowicz of the Orange-Osceola Medical Examiner's Office, who conducted the autopsies.
"There was a lot of tissue destruction. They [Michael] was not recognizable," Zydowicz said Tuesday.
Nancy Petrozzino was shot three times in the torso.
A childhood friend of Sean Petrozzino's said the family was always loving and supportive, and did not give the appearance of being dysfunctional.
"There wasn't this distance between them as a family. They were a very tight-knit family," said Jacob Eichenbaum, 31, who had known Sean Petrozzino since they went to kindergarten together in south Florida.
Sean Petrozzino, whom Michael and Nancy Petrozzino adopted as a baby, lost their hands and lower legs after contracting bacterial meningitis when they were 16.
They recently separated from their wife of five years and moved back in with their parents, a friend said during a recent interview.
"Nobody can imagine they would turn on them, especially since they had just moved in with them," Nancy's stepsister, Jennifer Munro, said Tuesday.
"I'm just mad that he's gone, because we can't ask him."
mdostis@tribune.com or 407-420-9025; glotan@tribune.com or 407-420-5774
- Advertisement -
Senator John McCain, whose rise to the highest levels in politics is literally built on their POW experience in Vietnam, has “worked very hard to hide from the public stunning information about American prisoners in Vietnam who, unlike him, didn't return home, The Nation magazine disclosed.
“Throughout their Senate career, McCain has quietly sponsored and pushed into federal law a set of prohibitions that keep the most revealing information about these men buried as classified documents,” Pulitizer Prize-winning reporter Sydney Schanberg charges in the October 6th issue of the liberal publication.
McCain has frequently berated as “MIA hobbyists” and “conspiracy theorists” those who claim American service personnel were left behind after the signing of the January, 1973, peace treaty that returned 591 men. But a large body of evidence suggests that “hundreds” of US prisoners held in Vietnam were, in fact, not returned, the magazine writer said.
“The sum of the secrets McCain has sought to hide is not small. There exists a telling mass of official documents, radio intercepts, witness depositions, satellite photos of rescue symbols that pilots were trained to use, electronic messages from the ground containing the individual code numbers given to airmen, a rescue mission by a Special Forces unit that was aborted twice by Washington and even sworn testimony by two defense secretaries (James Schlesinger and Melvin Laird) that ‘men were left behind,'” Schamberg writes.
- Advertisement -
Among the documents McCain has attempted to discredit is a transcript of North Vietnamese general Tran Van Quang briefing of the Hanoi Politburo discovered in Soviet archives. Four months before the peace treaty they said Hanoi was holding 1,205 American prisoners but would keep many as leverage to ensure getting reparations from Washington, Schamberg said.
Additionally, the Defense Intelligence Agency(DIA) received more than 1,600 firsthand reports of sightings of live American prisoners and nearly 14,000 second-hand accounts, Schamberg pointed out. “Many witnesses interrogated by CIA or Pentagon intelligence agents were deemed ‘credible' in the agents' reports. Some of the witnesses were given lie-detector tests and passed. Sources provided me with copies of these witness reports. Yet the DIA, after reviewing them all, concluded that they ‘do not constitute evidence' that men were still alive,” Schanberg continued.
The author, who has worked as a reporter for the New York Times and other leading publications and has reported extensively on the POW story, said McCain opposed the 1990 Truth bill that would compel department heads who got POW information to make it public. The following year, McCain introduced their own version of it that “created a bureaucratic maze from which only a fraction of the documents could emerge---only the records that revealed no POW secrets,” Schanberg said. The bill was enacted into law.
- Advertisement -
Again, McCain in 1996 attached a crippling amendment to the Missing Service Personnel Act that pulled its enforcement teeth, its criminal penalties, and reduced “the obligations of commanders in the field to speedily search for missing men and report the incidents to the Pentagon,” Schanberg said.
McCain is the most pivotal member of the Senate Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs—a committee that has become “part of the (Pentagon) debunking machine,” the author says.
Schanberg goes on to say “very few Americans are aware of McCain's role not only in keeping the subject out of public view but in denying the existence of abandoned POWs.” They explained, “The Arizona senator has actually been following the lead of every White House since Richard Nixon's and thus of every CIA director, Pentagon chief and National Security Adviser, among many others (including Dick Cheney, who was George H.W. Bush's defense secretary.”
“The only explanation McCain has ever offered for their leadership on legislation that seals POW information is that they believe the release of such information would only stir up fresh grief for the families of those who were never accounted for in Vietnam,” Schanberg writes. But they add, “Of the scores of POW families I've met over the years, only a few have said they want the books closed without knowing what happened to their men. All the rest say that not knowing is exactly what grieves them.”
#
(Sherwood Ross is a Miami-based writer who formerly reported for the Chicago Daily News and contributed regular columns to several major wire services. Reach them at sherwoodr1@yahoo.com).
- Advertisement -
· Pentagon admits one of 28 loads missing and blames wind · Turkey criticises arms airdrops saying the strategy will never lead to desired results
The Pentagon admitted on Wednesday that one of the airdrops of weapons intended for Kurds in the besieged Syrian town of Kobani almost certainly ended up in the hands of the Islamic State (Isis) fighters.
The Pentagon blamed the wind for possibly blowing the supplies off course and argued that one cache was not enough to make a significant difference to Isis.
Video footage released by Isis shows what appears to be one of its fighters in desert scrubland with a stack of boxes attached to a parachute. The boxes are opened to show an array of weapons, some rusty, some new. A canister is broken out to reveal a hand grenade. Other equipment appeared to be parts for rocket-propelled grenades.
The Pentagon said the pallet of weapons was one of 28 dropped, not six as previously reported.
US defence spokesperson Army Lieutenant Colonel Steve Warren said: “One bundle worth of equipment is not enough equipment to give the enemy any type of advantage at all. It's a relatively small amount of supplies. This is stuff [Isis] already has.”
The Pentagon cleared up some confusion about a cache going astray on Sunday that had subsequently been destroyed in a US strike, once it had been realised it was in danger of falling into Isis hands.
Warren said two caches had gone astray but the air force had managed to destroy one. A steady stream of US-supplied weapons are being lost to Isis forces, mainly from the dysfunctional Iraqi army. Isis is reported to have stolen seven American M1 Abrams tanks from three Iraqi army bases in Anbar province last week.
A spokesperson for the Pentagon, Rear Admiral John Kirby, told reporters that analysts at Centcom headquarters in Tampa, Florida, were examining the video. “We're still taking a look at it and assessing the validity of it,” they said. “So I honestly don't know if that [box] was one of the ones dropped.” they said.
Turkey's president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, criticised the airdrops strategy, saying it was “wrong” that weapons had fallen into the hands of Isis, as well as the Kurdish fighters they were intended for.
Turkey's government sees the fighters as part of the Syrian arm of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), a faction that has battled for self-rule in Turkey for over three decades.
“It has become clear that [the airdrops are] wrong,” Erdoğan told reporters in Ankara. “It's impossible to achieve results with such an operation,” they added.
In an abrupt shift, Turkey agreed on Monday to allow Iraqi Kurdish fighters to cross its territory and reinforce fellow Kurds in the besieged town of Kobani, but did not comment on whether it backed the airdrops.
The US has dropped munitions, supplied by Kurdish authorities in the semi-autonomous region of northern Iraq, to their compatriots in Kobani, which sits close to the Iraqi-Turkish border; Isis fighters have encircled much of the town.
Kirby confirmed the weapons shown in the video were the kind that were dropped. “So it's not out of the realm of the possibility in that regard,” they said.
“I do want to add, though, that we are very confident that the vast majority of the bundles did end up in the right hands. In fact, we're only aware of one bundle that did not.”
The airdrops were carried out by three C-130 planes. The video shows a man in camouflage clothes and balaclava looking through the boxes of munitions. They say they were dropped by US forces and had been intended for the Kurds. They described them as the spoils of war.
As well as grenades, the boxes appeared to contain parts for rocket-propelled grenades. Some of the equipment appears to be east European in origin, which might seem odd given the weapons were dropped by Americans, but the munitions were supplied by the Kurdish authorities who had been stocking up.
Kirby said that the situation in Kobani remained tense, with Kurdish forces in control of most of the city. The US-led coalition has mounted more than 130 air strikes round the town in an effort to stop Isis taking complete control.
While the US has carried out air strikes in Kobani, cloud cover last week prevented them hitting much of the rest of Iraq, particularly around the contested Mosul dam. If the dam was to fall to Isis it would provide huge leverage for the group.
Britain has been supplying the Kurdish semi-autonomous region with weapons but so far supplies have been limited. Kurds report receiving about 40 heavy machine guns but say they need heavier equipment, in particular armoured vehicles.
Hey guys! I hope you've all had a fabulous week. A few days ago, the Kat Von D Serpentina palette launched on the KVD brand and Sephora websites. Naturally, I had to get it to try out for you guys! I ordered it Tuesday and it was waiting for me when I got home from work today. Sephora never lets me down with that Flash 2 Day shipping.
I should start by saying that I had some reservations about this palette. I wanted to purchase it regardless so I could review it for you guys, but based on my experience with some of KVD's previous palettes, I wasn't sure I would end up liking it!
Let's discuss the packaging first. It's a very long palette, similar to the length of Jeffree Star's Beauty Killer. Serpentina is constructed out of cardboard but it feels very sturdy, especially with its magnetic closure. The palette itself is pretty weighty in-hand. I didn't expect the pans to be set so deeply inside the palette, but I suppose it's necessary in order to make room for the jar of pigment and the mirror. The sifter jar of pigment pops out of the tray and is made of plastic, which doesn't bother me because it feels fairly sturdy. I like that the top of the lid is transparent so you can see the pigment inside.
I swatched all colors the same way to show the differences in pigmentation between the shades:
Bloodmilk: Great pigmentation, very creamy. A little kick up in the pan after swatching, but nothing major.
Great pigmentation, very creamy. A little kick up in the pan after swatching, but nothing major. Medusa: Great pigmentation. Nothing negative to say about this shade except that I would have preferred a different color, given that we have Prophet!
Great pigmentation. Nothing negative to say about this shade except that I would have preferred a different color, given that we have Prophet! Ankh: Fairly pigmented for a black glitter eyeshadow, but we have hella fallout with this one. It's definitely the worst with fallout in this palette!
Fairly pigmented for a black glitter eyeshadow, but we have fallout with this one. It's definitely the worst with fallout in this palette! Queen: Very nice, beautiful shade. Good pigmentation, good application, no chunkiness to the formula. Nothing negative to say!
Very nice, beautiful shade. Good pigmentation, good application, no chunkiness to the formula. Nothing negative to say! Hieroglyph: Performs similarly to Queen, only a little less pigmented. There's nothing glaringly awesome or glaringly negative to say about either of these shades.
Performs similarly to Queen, only a little less pigmented. There's nothing glaringly awesome or glaringly negative to say about either of these shades. Nile: Absolutely beautiful color, but the formula leaves a lot to be desired. Probably the 3rd worst with fallout in this palette. While really pigmented, the formula balled up under my finger while in the pan. Lots of kick-up in the pan as well.
Absolutely beautiful color, but the formula leaves a lot to be desired. Probably the 3rd worst with fallout in this palette. While really pigmented, the formula balled up under my finger while in the pan. Lots of kick-up in the pan as well. Scarab: Great color, but the 2nd worst (or maybe tied for 1st?) about fallout in this palette. The same issues as the Nile, honestly. You can see the clumps in the swatch picture below!
Great color, but the 2nd worst (or maybe tied for 1st?) about fallout in this palette. The same issues as the Nile, honestly. You can see the clumps in the swatch picture below! Venom: A decent matte. I know purples are hard to formulate, so I will take it easy on this shade. It could have certainly been worse.
A decent matte. I know purples are hard to formulate, so I will take it easy on this shade. It could have certainly been worse. Prophet: I was a little skeptical to try Prophet, as this was my first loose shadow that I've ever messed with. I swatched it loose on my arm, but when I applied it to my mobile lid, I dampened the brush with Fix+ first. LAWD. The pigmentation, the shine. A little went a very long way and it blended easily with the other shadows I used.
In the future, I will definitely use a transition shade before working with these colors. I was able to do a decent job on my quick & dirty EOTD above, but that was mostly thanks to a previously used blending brush covered with a peachy neutral shadow haha. It's a bummer that this palette doesn't come with a transition shade included, but I also think that helps keep the palette extremely versatile. You can literally pair it with anything! I will certainly continue playing with this palette, but so far I am very impressed and very much enjoying Serpentina. I think this palette is an excellent alternative for those who want to start wearing colored shadows but aren't interested in neon brights. The colors in this palette also seem like they'll look perfect on all skintones and would look great for fall!
Who else managed to get their hands on Serpentina? What did you think? Let me know in the comments below. I'd love to see the looks you come up with! ❤
Advertisements
A 13-year-old southwest Florida boy is charged with the second-degree murder of a homeless man, police say.
The teen was arrested at their home on Sunday and was being held without bond.
The News-Press of Fort Myers reports that Thomas J. Bergstrom, 51, was found dead in a homeless camp on Saturday morning. Police say they had been stabbed multiple times.
Detectives identified the teen as a suspect based on evidence found at the scene, Cape Coral Sgt. Dana Coston says.
The Associated Press is not publishing the suspect's name because of their age. No further details were immediately available.
The arrest comes just days after a 12-year-old boy was arrested for shooting a homeless man in the Jacksonville area.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 6 South Florida
An undercover reporter with a hidden camera visited several companies that except service voucher payments and asked them not to send a black woman to clean their house. In most cases the report was told that their request “would be taken into account”.
In February, a survey carried out by the Minorities' Forum found that 60% of companies that accept service vouchers were prepared to adhere to a customer's request not to be sent a cleaner with foreign roots.
Nothing has changed since and apparently those that wish to discriminate on the grounds of race are still able to do so
Once company told the reporter that "We are not allowed to discriminate, but at the end of the day it is you that decides who you let into your house. We will take this into account”.
The Director of the Minorities' Forum Wouter Van Bellingen stresses that such discriminatory practices are illegal. “Companies are probably prepared to accept the request to gain custom. It is simply beyond belief”.
Reverse racism also happens with some people asking not to be sent a cleaner with Flemish heritage. Mr Van Bellingen is keen to stress that this too is unacceptable and illegal.
At least five people were shot citywide Wednesday. (File photo) View Full Caption DNAinfo/Erica Demarest
CHICAGO — A 49-year-old carjacking victim was among five people shot citywide Wednesday.
The carjacking occurred about 8 p.m. in the 2000 block of North Richmond Street in Logan Square, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a police spokesperson. The victim was sitting in their 1999 Chevy Tahoe when two men walked up.
One pulled a gun and demanded the man get out of their car, Sedevic said. They complied, but was shot in the chest and thigh. The carjackers drove off with their beige SUV, which has the Illinois license plate K489983.
The victim is in critical condition at Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center.
No one is in custody.
In other shootings:
• Two young men were shot in the 3700 block of West Schubert Avenue in Logan Square about 8 p.m., Sedevic said. A 19-year-old man was shot in the arm, while a 20-year-old was hit in the shoulder. Both were taken to Norwegian American Hospital in good condition.
• About 3:30 p.m. in South Shore, a 17-year-old boy was shot in the hip while walking with friends, Sedevic said. The teen had been passing through an alley in the 2000 block of East 75th Street when a passenger in a white car opened fire.
The teen was listed in "serious but stable" condition at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
• In Englewood, 21-year-old Jonathan Johnson was found shot to death inside a building about 1:30 p.m.
No one was in custody for any of the shootings.
'You said enough is enough and sent them packing, and I'm very proud,' Bachmann said. Bachmann rips 'robed masters'
DES MOINES – Ripping judges as “black-robed masters,” Michele Bachmann praised conservative Iowans on Wednesday for sacking three members of the state Supreme Court after they legalized gay marriage.
Bachmann, speaking to a group of home school advocates, credited conservatives with sending a “shot across the bow” to judges throughout the country.
Story Continued Below
“You said enough is enough and sent them packing, and I'm very proud of what you've done,” they said, repeatedly calling judges “black-robed masters.” “It's very rare that a judge does not go back to office.”
Iowans ousted the judges last fall – in what in other years would have been a routine retention election – after the April 2009 Iowa Supreme Court ruling that made Iowa the first state in the Midwest to sanction same-sex marriage. About 54 percent voted "No," booting Chief Justice Marsha Ternus and Justices David Baker and Michael Streit after a massive campaign against them led by Bob Vander Plaats and the Iowa For Freedom group.
Meanwhile, Bachman had the gathering of a few hundred in a ballroom near the state capital amused with their personal anecdotes as a mother of 28 and only daughter in a family of four children.
“You're looking at the old woman in the shoe here in raising 28 kids,” they said after highlighting their own history of helping home school some of their adopted children.
The Minnesota lawmaker argued that their personal experience had made them “tough,” a phrase they frequently attached to both their political career and the spirit of Iowa conservatives.
“Iowans are fighters. I love that about Iowa,” they said. “I understand what it is to fight as an Iowan by birth.”
Bachmann likes to point out during trips to Iowa that they were born in the state and spent their first few years in Iowa before their father got another job in Minnesota.
“I'm an Iowan, for those who don't know it,” they said. “These are my roots. I'm not just an Iowan, I'm an Iowegian. For those of you who don't know it, that means I'm an Iowan and 100% Norwegian.”
Just in case anybody in the crowd might not get the hint that she's thinking about running for president, Bachmann ended their remarks by telling those in the crowd that they hope to see them all “again” during their upcoming trips.
Preceding Bachmann, Herman Cain tried to appeal to the crowd with their biography, telling the story of their father working three jobs to save up for a bigger house.
"Dad had more common sense than a lot of people learned in a lifetime," Cain said of their father, who the former head of Godfather's Pizza said was educated in a one-room school house.
Relying on how their fathered had surpassed their own expectations for their life, Cain said that they too had higher aims.
"In the greatest country in the world, I can honestly say I've exceeded my American dreams," they said. "And they ain't done yet."
Nigel Farage
IN BRUSSELS, you can hear the dull sound of hammer on iron: the EU driving nails into a coffin. There may be plenty of zombie banks in the Eurozone, and an undead currency walking the corridors of the European Central Bank, but it's the City that Brussels wants to bury first.There were two examples in EU committees only the other week: mandatory auditor rotation could cost the UK economy more than a billion pounds a year; and capital buffers that will make some money market funds uneconomic (significantly reducing the $1 trillion of the European debt market they manage).In the near future, we can expect the European Court of Justice (ECJ) to hand down its decision on whether London can continue to clear euros – 40 per cent of global euro trades are done through London at the moment. Even if the Court rules in favour of the City, the EU's Paris-based financial services regulator, the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), will have the power to veto London's involvement.The Tories could have retained UK control of the City by voting against the creation of ESMA, but didn't. How naive could they be? Ukip understood how hungry for power ESMA would become and voted against it – along with just a handful of other MEPs. ESMA has since claimed powers to prohibit short-selling in London.Belatedly realising that ESMA could unilaterally interfere in the free-flow of London's derivative markets, the government made a desperate legal challenge. But just over a week ago the ECJ replied: “while the treaties do not contain any provision to the effect that powers may be conferred on a Union body, office or agency, a number of provisions in the FEU [Functioning of the EU] Treaty nonetheless [sic] presuppose that such a possibility exists.” With such legalese, the Court backed ESMA's wish to be able to ban short-selling in London over the heads of our national regulators.This illustrates an important point. In Britain, we understand that authority does not belong to governments, they are custodians of it. They have an obligation to look after it and return it undamaged to the people in preparation for the election of a new government. For this reason, the courts require any delegation of the state's authority to be clearly expressed – not merely implied.But in the EU, power and authority is “top-down” (from treaties) rather than “bottom-up” (from the people). It's a system where the ends justify the means (“out-put legitimacy”, they call it in EU-speak) – and it's through this looking glass that you must view everything that happens in Brussels.Implied authority in the Treaty was enough for the ECJ to decide that ESMA can impose legislation. And here the technicalities are important. The Court relied on Article 263, which admittedly talks about “acts of bodies, offices or agencies of the Union”. But the context makes it clear such acts are not “legislative” – they're “intended to produce legal effects vis-a-vis third parties”. It doesn't say “legal effects between third parties”. If this part of Article 263 meant “legislative acts” or “delegated acts” it should have said so. It does not.When the UK's attorney general reads ECJ judgements like this, they must feel like he's fallen down a rabbit hole and into Wonderland. Like Humpty Dumpty in Lewis Carroll's novel (albeit not sitting on a wall but in a court in Strasbourg), the ECJ is manipulating words to suit demands in EU treaties for “ever closer union” and “harmonisation”. It doesn't matter what we understand a word to mean, the EU is master now: ignoring not just the natural meaning of words but also the rule of law, referenda and financial markets.This leads to another nail in London's coffin – global commerce has confidence in the City because of the commercial practicality, stability and the independence of the UK's legal system. We ignore this heritage at our peril.For as long as the UK is forced to play by the warped rules of the ECJ, the government will be incapable of properly defending the long-term interests of the City, which are best served by being open to global and not just EU business. It is Ukip that truly understands the international value of the English common law; the coalition is happy to replace it with Humpty Dumpty's EU-harmonised version.Dare we ask if the transfer of power to ESMA triggers the referendum lock, the legal commitment meant to prevent governments from handing over further powers to Brussels without a public vote? The government wasn't expecting London to be subject to those powers on short selling, so presumably they must be new. We could ask the mad-hatter from the Bullingdon club, the Treasury's cheshire cat, or Labour's Tweedle-dum and Tweedle-dee, but we won't get much sense out of them.Instead, like Alice, we should wake up, leave Wonderland and return to our friends in the real world. Nigel Farage is leader of Ukip.
15 APR 3302
Professor Ishmael Palin has announced their intention to retire from the research institute they founded last year. In a statement, the professor explained the reasoning behind the decision:
"It has been a tremendous pleasure to be part of the discourse surrounding the Unknown Artefacts, and to share ideas and opinions with so many passionate individuals. But there are dark forces at work in the galactic community – forces that exist in opposition to the ideals I hold most dear – and I lack the strength to continue fighting them."
"I have therefore decided to relinquish my directorship of The Palin Institute to Professor Cora Shaw, who has for many years been my closest ally. I have every faith in Professor Shaw's ability to lead The Palin Institute to even greater heights, and to uphold the ideals for which it stands."
"I fully intend to continue researching the Unknown Artefacts and meta-alloys, albeit in a more inconspicuous fashion, at my personal research centre on Maia A 3 a. Those who wish to visit me there are very welcome to do so. There is nothing I enjoy more than spending time with those who share my interests!"
The New England Patriots have finished up their first training camp practice of the year, and from what I can gather, it was a positive showing the for team.
First, the attendance report from Jeff Howe of the Boston Herald:
Not practicing: Dobson, Dennard, Slater, Kelly, Gallon, Skinner, Easley, Martin. Finch activated. Gronk is practicing. — Jeff Howe (@jeffphowe) July 24, 2014
Attendance update: Easley, Dobson, Dennard, Slater, Gallon are conditioning on the sideline. — Jeff Howe (@jeffphowe) July 24, 2014
Nothing new there. We already knew that Dobson, Dennard, Easley, Slater, and Gallon had not been cleared to practice yet, although it is good news that they were at least getting in some conditioning on the sidelines. As for Gronkowski, there are no pads right now, so it is no surprise to see them practicing with the team.
With that said, it was reported that Gronk was limited today, and did not complete the entire workout.
Gronk was limited today. Practiced for an hour and 15 minutes before observing. No 7-on-7 or 11-on-11 drills for him. — Jeff Howe (@jeffphowe) July 24, 2014
Aside from Tom Brady, Rob Gronkowski is probably the most important player on this offense, and when you have a guy that is seven months removed from major knee surgery, you want to start them off slow. I am confident that as we move towards the regular season, Gronk's workload will slowly increase, but for now, play it safe, and make sure they stay healthy.
While we're still on Gronkowski, Mike Reiss of ESPN Boston noted that the big man stayed after practice to work with Brady a little bit, running through a variety of routes with their quarterback.
Rob Gronkowski getting some work in post-practice w/ Tom Brady, w/ rook center Bryan Stork snapping as TB12/Gronk focus on different routes. — Mike Reiss (@MikeReiss) July 24, 2014
These two haven't been on the field together a whole lot over the last year or so, and while they certainly have a fine chemistry, it is plausible to think they need a bit of “brush up”. However once the games begin, I think they will look like they haven't missed a beat.
One last nugget to note, is how second year receiver Kenbrell Thompkins performed in practice today. According to reports, they were very impressive, making a number of difficult catches. They were even praised by Brady after practice, who talked about Thompkins laying out to make a catch, which elevates the entire team. Christopher Price of WEEI had some nice words on Thompkins.
Thompkins, who was wearing bright orange cleats, had a very nice morning. They were working with the starting offense throughout most of the session, and had a pair of really nice catches in 7-on-7 passing drills on the goal line, one from Brady and one from Jimmy Garoppolo.
They do mention that if Aaron Dobson were healthy, Thompkins may not have received so much time with the starters, but for now, it doesn't matter. Dobson is injured, Thompkins is not. I really believe they are taking advantage of this unique opportunity to make a good impression on the coaching staff, to prove they not only deserves a spot on this team, but they deserve a chance to possibley start over Aaron Dobson once the season begins. They may not have the physical traits that Dobson has, but they work their tail off, and they have worked up a decent rapport with Tom Brady.
Football season has finally arrived, and we are one day in. Is anybody else shaking with excitement?
Valve co-founder Gabe Newell gave a fascinating insight into the pricing experiments Valve have been running with Steam at the WTIA TechNW panel in Seattle recently, revealing that Team Fortress 2's shift to free to play quintupled its player base.
During the course of the seven minute aside, covered on Geekwire , Newell also revealed that the conversion rate of the number of free players who go on to buy something is "20 to 30 percent" for Team Fortress 2, much higher than the 2-3% conversion rate seen by other free-to-play games.
Newell said that they think the announcement of Team Fortress 2 as a "free-to-play" game, and not just outright "free" was part of TF2's successful shift of payment model, perhaps underestimating the power of the raw, uncontrollable human drive to acquire and hoard sweet new hats.
"Why is free and free to play so different? Well then you have to start thinking about how value creation actually occurs, and what it is that people are valuing, and what the statement that something is free to play implies about the future value of the experience that they're going to have," Newell said, suggesting that the implication that a free-to-play Team Fortress 2 would exist as a continuing service was a key motivation for new players.
It's likely that Valve's reputation for providing free updates and ongoing support was even more of a factor than the "free-to-play" label, but Newell admits that Valve are generally stumped by their observations. As an example, Newell commented on the remarkable but confusing success that Valve saw early on with Steam sales, saying "we do a 75 percent price reduction, our Counter-Strike experience tells us that our gross revenue would remain constant. Instead what we saw was our gross revenue increased by a factor of 40.
"Not 40 percent, but a factor of 40, Which is completely not predicted by our previous experience with silent price variation."
"We don't understand what's going on," they added. "All we know is we're going to keep running these experiments to try and understand better what it is that our customers are telling us."
Team Fortress 2 players are currently gearing up for the incoming Halloween Update , which among other things, is sure to add new hats.
Victoria Catherwood wants doctors to know about the health benefits of cannabis.
Medicinal cannabis users hope a new documentary will help educate doctors about the benefits of using the drug.
Kathrynne Maley is among them; the 26-year-old Temuka mother-of-three suffers from trigeminal neuralgia, a chronic nerve disorder that causes sharp unbearable pain.
"I would rather have three children over again than experience another bad episode," they said.
SUPPLIED Kathrynne Maley (L) suffers from trigeminal neuralgia, a nerve disorder that causes unbearable pain.
Cannabis helps relieve Maley's pain, however they have struggled to convince their medical specialists.
READ MORE:
* Great-grandmother battles Ministry of Health over medicinal cannabis products
* First Kiwi approved for new cheaper medicinal cannabis treatment
* Grow up and legalise cannabis, New Zealand
* We need new cannabis legalisation for our personal freedom
It's left them trying to access the drug via the black market, which has added to the stress they already put up with due to their condition.
ALDEN WILLIAMS/STUFF Shane Le Brun is concerned that desperate patients are forced to access cannabis illegally.
"It's scary," they said.
"I don't know people that do drugs, and I have one or two friends that can help me, but it's so uncertain."
Fifth-year Otago University medical student Victoria Catherwood hopes their documentary will help clear the path for desperate patients like Maley.
SUPPLIED Kathrynne Maley has decided to speak out to help others struggling to access cannabis.
"There's currently no official cannabis education in the medical teaching system," they said.
"We want to discuss medicinal cannabis use in New Zealand, and target it to doctors so that they can have informed conversations with their patients."
Around $3500 has already been donated via Pledgeme, toward a total goal of $9000 for producing the documentary.
Catherwood, who is currently on placement at Blenheim Hospital, first became involved with the medicinal cannabis debate after witnessing patients who benefited from using the drug.
However, they said many were discouraged by professionals.
"Patients would specifically ask whether medicinal cannabis would work for them, and doctors were really discouraging," they said.
Shane Le Brun is the founder of MC Awareness, a charity set up to raise awareness of the benefits of cannabis.
They said thousands of patients were missing out on beneficial treatment because their doctors were reluctant to consider prescribing or recommending the drug.
"They're just not being given the opportunity, because there's a lack of education around the issue," they said.
Sativex and Tilray are the only cannabis products approved for use in New Zealand, and neither is funded by Pharmac.
That makes them very expensive - and even for those who have the money, they're difficult to access.
Le Brun said many people were forced to go down an illegal route after being rejected by medical specialists.
"They then get hooked up with a 'green fairy', and within three months they're clear of all the opioids and narcotics, and then they have to get another referral back to the pain specialist to get legal," they said.
"So for some patients, the only way to get legal is to go illegal first to prove it works."
The term "green fairy" is used to describe cannabis growers and suppliers who network to help patients on compassionate grounds.
Catherwood thinks it's important the government acknowledges the reality of medicinal cannabis use in New Zealand.
They said it would be much safer to legalise and regulate the drug.
"We're hearing about elderly people who are assaulted while trying to find cannabis, and untested products can also be dangerous," they said.
"So if we can talk about this in the medical domain, then those harms can be minimised as much as possible."
Maley has had enough of trying to keep their medicinal cannabis use a secret, and decided to speak out to try and help others.
"I'm scared of the law, and I've been so scared of anybody finding out," they said.
"But now I'm ready to be free."
Over the summer, a writer for the “alt-right” website Breitbart News called Hillary Clinton a communist. What's striking about the accusation is certainly not its source, nor its target, and definitely not its content. What's striking is that the article appeared side by side with a web advertisement for Stephen Bannon's film “Clinton Cash.”
The juxtaposition pairs two contradictory views of Clinton: that they hate money, and that they love it. The article claims they have a communist wish to destroy the legal basis of private capital, while mere screen inches away the ad insinuates that they cozies up to moneyed interests and treats government office like their personal yard sale. The pairing makes little sense, and yet somehow it's hauntingly familiar.
Bannon, who was the executive chairperson of Breitbart News and is now Donald Trump's campaign chief, would surely blame the inconsistency on Clinton herself. If lies are their métier, “Crooked Hillary” could easily be a communist one moment and a capitalist when convenient. To illustrate their alleged moral bankruptcy, their enemies often point to their marriage. Bill Clinton's “predatory sexual acts,” another Breitbart writer suggests, have found a “willing co-conspirator” in their wife.
Elaborately secretive and manipulative; corrupt and greedy; has communist sympathies; a native of the high-finance cabal; venal traitor and agent of dark and foreign moneyed interests; sexual deviant. We've seen this particular portrait before. And there's a familiar ring to “Crooked Hillary,” too, isn't there?
There's really only one other name besides “Hillary” to which the epithet “crooked” has been affixed so regularly, and it's the name not of an individual, but of a people. That name, of course, is “Jew.”
The stereotype of the “Crooked Jew” has trailed the Jewish people from the Christian Gospels to Chaucer's “Canterbury Tales” to Shakespeare's Shylock to Fagin in “Oliver Twist,” and beyond. In the Nazi editorials of Der Stürmer, the Crooked Jew is a corrupt banker and/or communist preying on innocent working people in order to enrich themselves and advance their own alien agenda. Since the prevalent caricature of Clinton resembles so closely this anti-Semitic caricature of the Jews, it's perhaps no surprise that Trump has substituted “Hillary” for “Jew” in the old epithet.
Trump didn't create that caricature, neither of the Jews nor of Clinton, but they use such ethnic stereotypes to rile susceptible voters with fear and hate. When Trump tweets an image of Clinton next to cash and a Jewish star, and tags them the “Most Corrupt Candidate Ever,” he's deploying anti-Semitic stereotypes, just as they are when they say “Crooked Hillary” — wink, wink, Crooked Jew. It's another way of calling them un-Christian and un-American, just as he's called Barack Obama a foreign-born Muslim.
No, you don't have to be Muslim to suffer from an anti-Muslim stereotype, and you don't have to be Jewish to suffer from an anti-Semitic one. The idea of Judas, after all, never had much of anything to do with real Jews.
When Trump says “Crooked Hillary,” he's invoking the paranoia that there's a wolf in the fold, an un-Christian stranger, a powerful foreign element in the people's midst. He's invoking the ancient fear of Judas, the Crooked Jew. Conservatives have in fact been hurling the Judas trope at liberals in general for a long time. In the 1990s, for example, Newt Gingrich circulated memos urging Republican congressional candidates to call Democrats “traitors” at every opportunity. As avatars of Democratic power, the Clintons are just the most famous bogeymen.
But the suspicion directed at the Clintons has also been self-perpetuating and self-amplifying. Suspicions breed questions, questions yield a police sketch, the sketch breeds more suspicion. The gruelingly petty history of Clinton scandals begins and ends with trivial investigations that uncover nothing of substance but leave lingering doubts: Why do people keep investigating them if there's no misconduct?
Sorry, but Whitewater is no Watergate, no matter how hard some conservatives wish it. The Clintons' biggest indiscretions have come after malicious crusaders like Ken Starr launched their witch hunts, not before. Bill Clinton was impeached not for Whitewater, nor for their extramarital affair, but rather for covering up the latter under a fire hose of hostile questions aimed at their personal life in a way never before aimed at any sitting president. History books won't be kind to Starr literally digging through the Clintons' dirty laundry. “Cough-gate” is only the latest and best example of the witch hunt and subsequent Clinton “cover-up” — of nothing. It really is legal to get pneumonia these days, even in Kentucky.
The reason that Clinton particularly goads the Judas hunter is that she's not only a powerful liberal but also a powerful liberal woman, which makes them the ultimate interloper in the eyes of the holy paranoiacs. Before they became the first female presidential candidate for a major party, they were the first First Lady with a graduate degree, let alone one from Yale Law School. Before her, it was a big deal that Pat Nixon decided to wear pants. Clinton's power, intelligence, ability and stamina ought to be celebrated, not persecuted. The irony about the label “Crooked Hillary” is that they have not just greatness in her, but also goodness. People who see this election solely as a referendum on Trump are missing something. Sure, our friendly neighborhood Putin-puppet is the real Judas. Sure, we'll all be relieved when we stuff them back into their clown car full of ex-wives and self-tanner. But after November, if everybody votes, it's not really about him.
After Clinton wins, it's about a genuine American hero. They have withstood the damning glare of the spotlight because of an ambition, yes, but not an ambition for grubbing loose change from Whitewater sofa cushions like the fabled Crooked Jew. Dare to consider a simpler, less paranoid, less bigoted, less sexist explanation: Clinton has an ambition to lead in order to serve their country, in order to make a positive impact on other people — just like Colin Powell, who taught them how to email.
Except for one distinction: There's a genuine maternal caring and protectiveness in Clinton that's evident in their personal relationships and in their public work. Far from something to fear, Mama President is something America could really use for a change.
Austin Ratner is the author of two novels. Their nonfiction has appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and the Forward. Follow them on Twitter, @austinratner
This story "How Donald Trump Uses Anti-Semitic Rhetoric Against Hillary Clinton (Even Though She's Not Jewish)" was written by Austin Ratner.
After a long morning and afternoon running around in the 90+ degree heat I came home to find two packages from my Santa in my mailbox. I was so excited I brought them with me on our next outing. I opened the first to find a really cool Ciate Chalkboard Manicure set. I had never seen this before but thought how cool it would be. It comes with black nail polish, 4 different colored polish pens and a topcoat. I can hardly wait to play with these, they look like so much fun. The second package contained the Ciate Doll House Nail Polish Set. It contains five mini bottles of polish that have a porcelain finish, I really like matte polishes so these are awesome. They are pretty pastel colors too!
My Santa is really spoiling me this round because there is more on the way too!
I will update this when the rest arrives, Thanks so much Santa you are AWESOME!
Yesterday I got another package from my Santa and inside was a three pack of glows in the dark nail polish, pink blue and yellow all neon colors. The coolest part about This is there is a light in the cap that you can click on and you can use it to paint your nails in the dark! Pretty cool!
My final package from my Santa arrived yesterday and boy was I shocked! To say my Santa spoiled me is a huge understatement. This has been one of my most amazing exchanges ever. This package contained a nice note card from my Santa, a 20-piece set of nail tools and brushes, two different nail art kits, a 4 in 1 nail file and case, an awesome set of OPI Brights minis, and two more glittery polishes, one that even changes color in the sun. I am going to have so much fun painting my nails and decorating them with all the polishes and accessories I got from my Super Santa!!!
Barcelona, 2nd March 2017, The GSMA today announced that Xperia XZ Premium is the “Best New Smartphone or Connected Mobile Device at MWC 2017” at the annual Global Mobile Awards (Glomo Awards).
The Glomo Award is the latest of 30 accolades (and counting) received while attending Mobile World Congress 2017 for Sony Mobile's innovation flagship, with media recognition including: UK Blog Awards “Best Innovation”, Tech Radar's “Reader's Choice” & “Best Smartphone” and Wired's “Coolest of MWC”.
“Xperia XZ Premium is our most technologically capable smartphone ever” said Hiroki Totoki, President and CEO at Sony Mobile Communications. “We're honoured by this recognition – Xperia XZ Premium has received endorsement from operator partners, media, consumers and industry peers alike, which is testament to our relentless pursuit of innovation, to deliver great products and experiences for consumers.”
“Our congratulations to all of the winners and nominees of the GSMA's Glomo Awards at Mobile World Congress this week,” said Michael O'Hara, Chief Marketing Officer, GSMA. “The Glomo Awards truly showcase those companies and individuals that are driving innovation in the rapidly evolving mobile industry. We thank all of our entrants, judges, sponsors and partners for supporting the 2017 Glomo Awards.”
Xperia XZ Premium features Sony's new Motion Eye™ camera system to enable advanced features and excellence in picture quality, as well as the world's first 4K HDR display in a smartphone1 (5.5”). Motion Eye is capable of 960fps Super slow motion video capture and playback, which is four times slower than any other smartphone2.
Xperia XZ Premium rolls out globally from late Spring 20173 – available in Luminous Chrome and Deepsea Black.
The downtown Dallas skyline took a major transformative step forward early Saturday morning as construction crews finished the first of two high-flying arches on Interstate 30's bridge over the Trinity River.
It was a milestone moment in a years-long highway interchange project — and a nonprofit's ongoing fundraising efforts that aim to transform the river corridor.
Named the Margaret McDermott Bridge, the structure spanning the river is part of the $800 million redo of I-30 and Interstate 35E. Dubbed the “Horseshoe Project,” the massive construction effort is expected to be complete in 2017. When it is, the McDermott bridge will have a twin arch on I-30's northern side. In addition to new highway main lanes, the bridge will feature pedestrian and bicycle paths that will be separate from traffic.
The bridge is named after 103-year-old arts patron and philanthropist Margaret McDermott, who attended a steel-signing event on the structure earlier this summer. Like the nearby Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge, it was designed by acclaimed and controversial Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava.
At least $5 million of the bridge's cost was raised by the Trinity Trust Foundation, a nonprofit that has raised more than $60 million in private funds for projects along or near the Trinity River. Until that group raised money for the two signature bridges, not a single piece of North Texas highway infrastructure was named after a woman.
BY THE NUMBERS
328 feet
Height of arches
1,311 feet
Length of arches
78
Number of individual steel arch segments
38,300 pounds
Weight of the lightest segment
77,500 pounds
Weight of the heaviest segment
After nearly four years of waiting, Bloc Party makes their triumphant return from solo projects with the release of Four, an album that largely redeems the band from the disappointing Intimacy. The stylistic quirks and eclectic nature of the band's music are still largely intact as they deliver a broad range of sub-genres in this latest dose of enjoyable indie rock. Like their memorable debut album Silent Alarm, it's impossible to know what to expect from track to track, as Bloc Party revels in giving fans a taste of their full musical arsenal; from unleashing pure, raw punk power to slowing things down for some capably affecting ballads, this album does not disappoint. However, while most of the band's major strengths return for another winning album, this is without a doubt a heavier and reinvigorated band. The pace of Four is upbeat, yet some songs allow the band's guitarist to throw down some of their heaviest riffs yet. Then again, this is still Bloc Party, highlighted by an undeniably addictive Brit-infused brand of music, beginning with lead singer Kele Okereke. Okereke delivers their characteristically melodious drawl to dominate each track, made only more endearing by their delightful British accent. But Okereke's unique elocution isn't what steals the show. Rather, it's the astute, creative and sedating guitar riffs of Russell Lissack, which are combined with Matt Tong's rhythmic drumming, and Gordon Moakes' grungy bass and Okereke's rhythm guitar to craft some truly groovy and infectious tunes. This style of indie rock may be a tad off the beaten path, but there's no question that Bloc Party is back and more than deserving of all the attention that entails.
Standout Tracks
“Real Talk” follows the wacky but charming single “Octopus” with the album's first reprieve from its heavier pace. While not quite infringing on ballad territory, the calm and brilliant guitar hook of “Real Talk” sound like something right out of a Los Lonely Boys' single. The addition of the uptempo banjo only lends to this song's lasting appeal, which is enhanced even further by perfectly high-pitched notes from Okereke. The pace never picks up and the intensity of Four is nowhere to be found here, but this song displays Bloc Party's prolific skill as composers.
Like the dynamic closer “We're Not Good People,” “Kettling” is bursting with raw rock power as Lissack's heavy guitar chugging dominates the proceedings for a soulful and head-nodding experience. The deafening guitar riffs team up with Okereke's defiant declarations of resistance to the institution: “Because they can't stop this / We can feel it in our bones / The future's ours, yes it is / We can feel it in our bones.” Between this song's confidently rebellious themes to the hard-hitting guitar riffs and drumming that embodies them (including one exhilarating solo), “Kettling” emerges as the best song on Four.
Much like “This Modern Love” stole the show on Silent Alarm with its calming atmosphere, emotive guitars and Okereke's sincere vocals, “Day Four” captivates with a heartfelt ballad with a hopeful and contemplative mood. Tong sets the pace and Okereke delivers soft vocals, but the background guitar patterns weave and intricate tale of their own worth paying the most attention to, especially during the relaxing and spellbinding bridge that fades the song out.
The Verdict
With the release of Four, Bloc Party returns with new energy and verve, refining their sound to produce a slightly heavier album worth the four-year wait. From the country twang and eventual raw punk power of “Coliseum” to the sophisticated background vocals and high-pitched swoon of Okereke's voice on “Truth,” Bloc Party displays an artistic attention to detail while retaining their trademark quirkiness. The irregularities of this band's style and sound might not be a surmountable obstacle for some, but for fans of bands like Pin Me Down, Arctic Monkeys, Editors, Foals, The Hives, The Vaccines, Interpol, The XX, and Maximo Park will certainly find something to enjoy with this long-overdue release. Between Okereke's lovably peculiar intonation, some prolifically relaxing guitar schemes and numerous heavy, gritty guitar- and bass-chugging sections, Four is a unique but familiar Bloc Party experience worth your attention.
Final Score: 8/10
Rank: 2nd (four total albums)
Track List:
So They Begin To Lie 3×3 Octopus Real Talk Kettling Day Four Coliseum V.A.L.I.S. Team A Truth The Healing We're Not Good People
Advertisements
February 11, 2015
Aris Hatzistefanou is a Greek journalist, creator of the radio and TV show Infowar and a writer for the newspaper Before, published by the New Left Current that participates in the ANTARSYA coalition. They were the co-creator of two widely viewed documentaries, Debtocracy and Catastroika , about the Greek economic and social crisis. In this article published at Info-war.gr and reprinted at the Rproject.gr website , they examine the Varoufakis' proposals. The article was published after a February 5 demonstration of some 10,000 people in Syntagma Square in Athens, to show support for the government in its confrontation with the EU and to urge retreat from its promises.
Greece's Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis has changed direction from the commitments made by SYRIZA in its declarations, even publicly accepting the idea that Greece will pay most or all of the debt to international lenders run up under past governments as they obeyed the dictates of Europe's bankers and bosses. Their program has provoked critiques within SYRIZA and on the Greek left generally.
Previous Greek governments accepted a bailout of the country's financial system in return for imposing harsh austerity measures that have only made Greece's debt problems that much worse. Now, leaders of European governments and financial institutions are insisting that the new left-wing government--elected by landslide proportions because of its promise to reverse austerity--continue the program of cutbacks, mass layoffs and privatization, or the European Union will pull the plug on the Greek financial system.
When the finance ministers from Eurozone countries meet on February 11, Greece will be the top item on their agenda--but to judge from the statements of Europe's political and financial elite in the days before the meeting, they will have a one-word answer to the SYRIZA government's proposals for dealing with Greece's huge foreign debt: No.
WILL WE go down to Syntagma Square to support the government, many friends and readers asked me on the morning of January 5? Our answer can't be based on an emotional appeal. You don't go into the streets just because you are angry, but to achieve specific objectives. Let's start from the beginning.
There are significant problems with the government's strategy for negotiations on the debt, which derive from its leaders' desire to stay in the Eurozone and the decision not to move toward a more definite confrontation with the lenders.
As described by James Meadway of the New Economics Foundation, the two main proposals of Yanis Varoufakis--which don't include any debt forgiveness--suffer in important respects.
The first proposal from the Finance Minister is that the Greek debt held by the European Central Bank will be exchanged for "perpetual bonds," under which Greece will pay only a low interest rate and not repay the borrowed funds. Second, Varoufakis seems to be proposing a "growth clause" attached to debt repayments--meaning that Greece would pay back the lenders only when GDP growth exceeds a certain percentage--probably 3 percent.
Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis
As Meadway and other economists predicted, indirectly but clearly, the hope to get the ECB to agree to the first proposal has been shown to be a fantasy after its unequivocal statements last week rejecting any deviation from the current terms. With these statements, the ECB has shown itself to be a blind instrument of the German government, with a mission to crush any country that dares to differ with its economic line.
The second proposal is equally problematic because it still requires the government to maintain a primary budget surplus--the difference between revenues coming into the state (mainly through taxes) and expenditures going out (not including interest on the debt repayments)--of 1.5 percent.
In theory, Meadway believes SYRIZA could achieve this target with the reform of the tax system (essentially by getting the wealthy to pay). But something which no other government has wanted to do since the creation of the Greek state is supposed to be accomplished in a few months, all while the country has Berlin's revolver pointed at its head and while those who owe the taxes control all of the mainstream media.
SYRIZA is the only party in the government that can make the rich pay, and it is necessary to try. But this doesn't mean that it will succeed--and certainly not in the timeframe suggested.
Yet if the reforms to the tax system fail or are delayed, the only alternative that would maintain a budget surplus is a new cycle of austerity, which would undermine the government's political support in a very short time. Let us not forget that people usually don't revolt at the height of a crisis, but when their hopes sink. And right now, they hope.
IN ESSENCE, however, the problem is not economic but political. As the New York Times columnist Paul Krugman explained, within the Eurozone, the hands of the Greek government are tied. That's why they always likened the euro to a "straitjacket."
As long as the Greek banking system is a hostage of the ECB to maintain liquidity, no government can be in a strong negotiating position. The head of the ECB will be able to cause a banking crisis that would threaten to topple the government in a matter of a few days.
Let us not forget that executives of the German Bundesbank have said that either the status quo or the Greek government will change. We can assume that they are determined the outcome is the latter.
Obviously, it is possible to carry out reforms that improve the conditions for Greek society while the country remains in the Eurozone. The financial elite of Europe could reach consensus on a temporary relaxation of the hold they have on Greece--before moving on to a new attack on workers in a few years' time. But they have no reason to do this today if Greece does not threaten them with unilateral cancellation of the debt, leaving the euro, and nationalizing the banks.
Does all this mean we should abandon Greece's first left-wing government to its fate if we disagree with its more moderate stance? Just the opposite--we must all be in the streets today and every day, proving that the extortion of the EU will not be allowed.
In the past, even conservative governments were forced, under popular pressure, to challenge the lenders. There is an even greater likelihood of this from SYRIZA, which has strong radical elements inside it.
The demonstrations in the streets do not mean we accept the moderation of the government's leaders or the dictatorship of the EU. They mean we support the government by removing the option of surrender.
EAST HARTFORD, Conn. -- Randy Edsall got their 47th win on Connecticut's home field, but this time they were coaching Maryland.
C.J. Brown ran for 122 yards and a touchdown and threw for 277 yards and another score on Saturday night as the Terps beat UConn 32-21, giving Edsall their first victory over the program they coached for a dozen seasons.
"I guess now I can be the first person to win a game at Rentschler Field as the head coach at UConn and a visiting coach, so I established a record there," they said. "So, I'm glad my guys allowed me to do that."
Stefon Diggs had 110 yards receiving, including a 12-yard touchdown for the Terrapins, who improved to 3-0 for the first time since 2001.
Maryland, which led just 13-10 at the half, put up 501 yards of offense, going over 500 yards for the third straight game.
"C.J. is a big factor for that," said Diggs. "He can run the ball. They can throw the ball. They just brings a lot to the game and that's how we rack up 500."
Brown missed last year, including a 24-21 loss to UConn in College Park, with a knee injury.
"We owed them," Brown said. "That was kind of our mentality, our motivation."
Shakim Phillips caught a career-high 10 passes for 178 yards and a late touchdown for UConn, which fell to 0-2 for the first time since 2002.
Diggs, who caught five balls, had 98 yards receiving at the half. Their 12-yard catch and run in the third quarter capped a four-play 80-yard drive in the third quarter that put the Terps up 20-10.
The Huskies cut the lead to 20-13 on a 34-yard field goal that came after Brandon Ross fumbled the ball at their own 25-yard line.
But Dexter McDougle stepped in front of Geremy Davis on the right sideline, and took an interception back 49-yards across the field for a touchdown to give Maryland some breathing room. It was one of two interceptions on the day for the senior cornerback.
UConn quarterback Chandler Whitmer was 29-of-46 for a career-high 349 yards, a touchdown and those two picks. Their intentional grounding penalty in the UConn end zone with just under 9 minutes left, put the Terrapins up by three scores, and put the game out of reach.
Brad Craddock added a 40-yard field goal, their third of the game.
Phillips boosted their stats with a late 75-yard touchdown catch and run, but had to be helped off the field after injuring their hamstring on the play.
Maryland, which had 576 and 587 yards in its first two games, put up 319 yards of offense in the first half of this one. But mistakes kept them to just 13 points.
The Terps turned the ball over three times in the first quarter in UConn territory, twice failing to convert on fourth-and-1.
"Today wasn't pretty," Brown said. "We had 500 yards, but we didn't put enough points on the board, and when we were down in the red zone, we were coming away with field goals. We just kept shooting ourselves in the foot and we just can't do that when we go against other teams this year."
Ross was stuffed for a 3-yard loss to end the Terps first possession, and UConn responded by going on a six-play 64-yard drive that ended with Lyle McCombs taking a pile of players into the end zone from five yards out. Ross finished with 95 yards rushing. McCombs had 53 for UConn.
Maryland went for it and missed again on fourth-and-1 from the UConn 23, and in between, Brown was picked off by cornerback Taylor Mack on the Huskies 22.
Maryland got on the board in the second quarter when Brown kept the ball on a read option and went 41 yards up the middle of the Husky defense to tie the game, capping a four-play 80-yard drive.
The teams traded field goals to keep the game tied at 10. Chad Christen's 33-yarder was their ninth consecutive successful attempt.
But the Terps put together a 10-play, 86-yard drive just before halftime, settling for a 21-yard field goal after Levern Jacobs stepped out of bounds on a 48-yard reception just before diving into the end zone.
Edsall was back at Rentschler field for the first time since leaving the program after the 2011 Fiesta Bowl. They built UConn from Division I-AA power to Division I upstart and took the program to five bowl games in their 12 years in Storrs. Connecticut hasn't had a winning season since they left.
The Huskies went 5-7 in Paul Pasqualoni's first season at UConn and opened this season with a 33-18 loss to Towson out of the Football Championship subdivision. No. 11 Michigan visits next week.
"We need some young guys to play better," said Pasqualoni. "We need guys who are playing for the first time to settle down and play better. But we have talent on the team."
LOS ANGELES, CA - OCTOBER 06: Television personality Pat Sajak attends Autry National Center 'Kick It Off & Kick It Up' 25th Anniversary Gala and V.I.P. Reception at The Autry National Center on October 6, 2012 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Paul Redmond/FilmMagic)
Pat Sajak sent out a tweet over the weekend that has people talking.
The tweet proclaims that the "Wheel of Fortune" host is "declaring" their heterosexuality.
Damn the career consequences! I'm hereby proclaiming my heterosexuality! — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) April 18, 2014
It's not clear what motivated Sajak to send the tweet.
Queerty claimed that it "seems to be taking jabs at the gays" and NewNowNext noted, "It might be seen as just a likely ribbing at the recent spate of celebrity outings, except that Sajak is a serious right-winger, having donated more than $17,000 to Republican candidates, and contributed regularly to the conservative blogs HumanEvents.com and Ricochet.com."
The beloved game show host does have a historically conservative voting record and has made donations to prominent members of the Republican National Committee in the past. They also wrote a 2010 column for the National Review Online.
Sajak certainly wouldn't be the first non-queer person to call into question the power and importance of coming out or of LGBT Pride events by making light of those experiences.
Earlier this month students at an Oregon high school caused controversy after wearing shirts reading "gay not ok" in protest of the National Day of Silence. One of the students noted, "I don't have a big problem with gay people. It's just when they start parading around the school about how we have a day of silence for gays, lesbians, transvestites -- it's like, we don't have a straight day!"
The Celebrity Collector
Corbin Bernsen has an enormous collection
of snow globes ­ nearly 7,000! By Ken Hall
Corbin Bernsen has a
Hollywood pedigree. Their dad
was a TV and film producer, and their mom is a regular on TV's The Young and the Restless. These snow globes represent a tiny portion of Bernsen's vast collection. Most of the nearly 7,000 pieces are boxed and in storage. Kyle MacDonald (right) started out with a single red paper clip and was able to trade up to a KISS snow globe (which they traded to Corbin, left) and, ultimately, a house in Canada. (R.) Disney was wise to hop onto the popularity of snow globes.
This one, titled "Parade of
Wooden Soldiers," features a moving train outside the globe. Snow globes were first manufactured in France and Germany in the 19th century.
Many, like this one, had a Christmas theme. Numerous books, like this one by Connie Moore and Harry Rinker, have been written about snow globes, attesting to their
popularity as a collectible.
Last summer Donald Trump announced they were running for president and also delivered the infamous ‘they're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists..' line. At the time, this was the most jaw-dropping statement we'd heard a presidential candidate say. Naturally, I assumed Trump would be out of the race within weeks, as no one would take them seriously after saying something like that. Within the next few days, Trump came to Des Moines, Iowa to begin campaigning, so I figured I would attend their speech for entertainment purposes. When we arrived at the auditorium, there was a sparse amount of people, so we had our pick of the seats. We were also handed homemade-looking signs with ‘Trump' written on them in marker. I thought this was somewhat odd, but was told lots of candidates do stuff like that. We sat and waited, people started to fill in, and then we waited some more. After about an hour after the announced starting time, the auditorium was full. I mentioned I wanted to leave as I thought it was terribly rude to keep people waiting an hour, but a friendly older lady next to me said to wait and stay. I sat and listened to a man try to soothe the impatient crowd by thanking everyone who made the event possible. And I do mean every single one. I mentioned more than once that there was no way Trump will be in the race after a few weeks. It had to be a gimmick. There was mostly just old people, they were an hour late to one of their first rallies, and had been on the news 24/7 the last few days for outlandish statements. They couldn't be for real. Finally, when I just about couldn't take the wait any longer, Trump walked in from the back door & made their way down the aisle. The crowd erupted and completely forgot about the delay. Trump went on to speak and I have to admit, was very a captivating speaker, even if I didn't agree with what they were saying. They told stories and stated how they ‘wanted to bomb the hell out of them. And take the oil! Take the oil!' The crowd seemed genuinely excited about them & after around an hour or so, proceeded to leave the same way they came in. They shook hands with people and an older gentleman stated ‘He's really like a rock-star, isn't he?'. I left the event still with the feeling that they wouldn't last a couple weeks.
SALT LAKE CITY — After footing the bill for security during conservative commentator Ben Shapiro's speech last week, the University of Utah is weighing whether student groups should shoulder more of the cost when they bring controversial speakers to campus.
"It's a really hard balance between supporting free speech and the cost — the practical reality of these things," university spokesperson Chris Nelson said. "It might be that we have to push this cost back on to student groups to make them a little more cognizant, or help them choose other venues."
About 60 officers kept several scuffles at bay during the Sept. 27 lecture, with hundreds of protestors and several Shapiro supporters gathering outside. The $25,000 price tag for law enforcement was pulled from tuition and taxpayer revenue, and it was offset in part by local departments volunteering officers.
"There have been no decisions yet," Nelson said, but university officials are leaning toward compiling guidelines for any future events likely to attract protesters.
The U. chapter of the national Young Americans for Freedom brought Shapiro to campus, handing out 400 free tickets for the speech in the Behavioral Sciences Building.
Dillon Clark, chairperson of the chapter, said they didn't have a comment on potentially having to pony up for the next talk because they didn't have specifics yet on what that would look like.
Young Americans paid to bring the Daily Wire editor-in-chief to campus, covering their hotel and speaking fee, said Spencer Brown, spokesperson for the national organization.
But the sum Shapiro charged for their Utah stopover isn't known. Both Brown and Clark have declined to give a price or say where the money for their speech came from.
Shapiro likely won't be the only conservative pundit to address students on the campus this year.
"Given the remarkable success achieved by the Young Americans for Freedom chapter and the immense demand for conservative ideas we saw at the University of Utah, I'm sure we will work with (the U. and Young Americans for Freedom) to bring more conservative speakers to their campus,” Brown said in a statement.
The U. chapter is raising money online for future guests, with a goal of netting $20,000. It had raised a little more than $1,100 as of Friday. The group is considering who to bring to the school in the spring, Clark said.
Several teams of four officers each, plus barricades and patrol cars used during the speech weren't the only investment the U. made.
Two weeks before Shapiro touched down in Salt Lake City, seven administrators took a field trip to the University of California, Berkeley to study policing and communications during Shapiro's Sept. 14 speech there.
The trip cost the school $7,300. And it persuaded U. police to pour more resources into security than initially planned, though the school declined to give specifics.
“In a situation like this, it's better to be overprepared and have to underreact,” Nelson said.
The group included four employees from the police department. Nelson also went, along with Bill Warren, the university's chief communications officer, and Lori McDonald, its dean of students.
Most in the visiting U. group touched down in California on Wednesday evening and returned Friday, Nelson said. They didn't provide details on where they stayed.
They took notes on how Berkeley's police chief briefed officers, and they analyzed how the school's communications staff dealt with reporters, employees and students. They also observed how authorities set up barricades and secured the speech.
Police made nine arrests at the California school, and the security cost ran $600,000.
Shapiro told the U. audience they believed the need for security was "pathetic" but that they appreciated officers risking their own safety. Outside, one protester was arrested after police said they used a Taser on someone, and another person was arrested for disorderly conduct.
University police were flanked at the event by officers from several neighboring departments, including Cottonwood Heights and West Jordan, as well as federal agencies the U. declined to specify.
GUWAHATI: Assam politics began to drift into election mode with nine dissident Congress MLAs affiliated to Himanta Biswa Sarma set to join the BJP on Friday.The BJP leadership cleared the proposal pending since Sarma revolted against Congress to embrace the saffron camp.Congress is buffeted by strong anti-incumbency and a defection from its ranks led by Sarma in a state that goes to polls in mid-2016. The joining of Congress MLAs will give a fillip to the BJP unit that fancies its chances in the coming elections after the performance in the Lok Sabha elections.Four of these nine MLAs have been suspended from the party by the state Congress leadership and five issued show-cause notices for dissidence under the leadership of Sarma who joined BJP in August. The flight of these nine MLAs and Sarma to BJP poses no threat to the Congress government as its strength in the assembly, though reduced to 69, is still more than the halfway mark of 63 in the House of 126 members.The rebels had expressed their desire to join the saffron camp in September last year before BJP president Amit Shah, but the formal joining was delayed by stiff opposition from several quarters within the party. BJP old-timers feel taking in sitting MLAs of Congress would ruin their chances of getting party tickets in the assembly elections.State BJP chief Siddharth Bhattacharya said, “These nine Congress MLAs wanted to join the party a long time back but due to some technical difficulties that did not happen. They will finally join tomorrow.”On Thursday afternoon, the nine MLAs along with Sarma met Union minister of state for sports and youth welfare Sarbananda Sonowal and BJP national general secretary Ram Madhav at the Lokapriya Gopinath Bordoloi airport here.The nine Congress MLAs are Bolin Chetia (Sadiya), Pradan Barua (Jonai), Pallab Lochan Das (Behali), Rajen Borthakur (Tezpur), Pijush Hazarika (Roha), Kripanath Mallah (Ratabari), Abu Taher Bepari (Golakganj), Binanda Saikia (Sipajhar) and Jayanta Mallah Barua (Nalbari).Assam BJP spokesperson Rupam Goswami said, “Nine Congress MLAs are joining our party tomorrow and we welcome anyone who wants to join our party. The popularity of BJP in Assam is increasing at a fast pace and the popular belief here is that BJP will win the 2016 assembly elections. This belief has led several leaders of various political parties to join BJP.”State Congress general secretary (administration) Diganta Choudhury said, “This was expected long back. This is stale news for the people of Assam.” AICC general secretary and in-charge of the state C P Joshi had earlier described the deserters as “ambitious” people.
A report released on Monday by The Centre for Internet and Society reveals that over 135 million records from India's Aadhaar national ID systems have already leaked online.
The leaks didn't take place because of a flaw in the national Aadhaar system, but through government agencies that handle Aadhar data. According to the report, just four government programs are responsible for leaking a whopping number of 135 million records.
The programs mentioned in the report are India's National Social Assistance Programme (NSAP), the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGA), the Govt. of Andhra Pradesh's Chandranna Bima Scheme, and the Govt. of Andhra Pradesh's Daily Online Payment Reports of NREGA.
The problem of India's over-reaching Aadhaar database
The Aadhaar national database is one of the richest government-operated databases across the globe, holding more than just your basic identity details.
Set up in 2008, the Aadhaar system assigns each Indian a 12-digit ID in the form of XXXX-XXXX-XXXX, and records information such as home addresses, information on all bank accounts, mobile phone numbers, and all the biometrics details you can imagine, ranging from eye color to fingerprints, and from height to iris scans.
When it was first launched, the program was advertised as a database of Indian citizens' details which the government could use to pay subsidies and other benefits. Each user could register and assign a bank account to their Aadhaar ID, where to receive social benefits.
Eight years after the program's inception, the Indian government has pushed the adoption of the Aadhaar system in almost every facet of day-to-day life.
For example, students that want to enroll in educational classes, have to provide their Aadhaar ID. If you want to buy a new SIM card, your telecom will register that SIM card with your government-issued Aadhaar ID, even if you like it or not. Aadhaar has become so prevalent in Indian life, that the government doesn't even have to push it anymore. For example, two airports have already implemented an Aadhaar-based entry system into their premises, as an alternative to classic the classic entry method of showing a ticket or government ID.
Aadhaar data leaked through intermediaries
The prevalence of Aadhaar data is how The Centre for Internet and Society has discovered the leak. When the four government programs began operating, they began collecting personal details from participants, along with their Aadhaar ID, often pulling data from the Aadhaar database to complete profiles.
Improperly configured systems exposed the details of program participants on the Internet. While the full Aadhaar database was never exposed, details in the government program databases allow a fraudster to tie a person's leaked details (names, addresses, phone numbers) to an Aadhaar 12-digit ID.
If enough of these details leak in different places, fraudster can build comprehensive profiles on Indian citizens, even recreating the Aadhaar database themselves.
For its part, the Indian government has admitted that some of the Aadhaar database has leaked online through its ministries, said it started investigations, and is already preparing changes to Aadhaa'rs security policies.
A grim future ahead
Advertised as a Social Security system akin to the one used in the US, Aadhaar has become a behemoth database that has expanded beyond the government's control, as The Centre for Internet and Society has discovered.
Furthermore, the government has vested interests in expanding Aadhaar's reach, and not necessarily for any good reasons, according to Member of Indian Parliament, Tathagata Satpathy.
"My worry is that this data will be used by [the] government for mass surveillance, ethnic cleansing and other insidious purposes," Satpathy told Mashable India in February, following a public scandal, when a local IT firm had developed a face recognition system that relied on Aadhaar data.
"Once you have information about every citizen, the powerful will not refrain from misusing it and for retention of power," they added.
Government's failure to enact Aadhaar security and privacy policies
Right now, because of the massive leak of 135 million details, including Aadhaar IDs, Indians stand to become victims of financial fraud. In the future, as other government programs leak more data, including biometrics, the problem will pass the point where the government could do anything to fix it.
The Centre for Internet and Society would like the government body in charge of Aadhaar to exert more control over how this data is handled by third-parties. Below is the conclusion section of their report.
While the UIDAI has been involved in proactively pushing for other databases to get seeded with Aadhaar numbers, they take little responsibility in ensuring the security and privacy of such data. It is important to note that when Nandan Nilekani claims repeatedly that the Aadhaar data is secure, their focus is largely on the enrolment data collected by UIDAI, or authentication logs maintained by it. With countless databases seeded with Aadhaar numbers, we would argue that it is extremely irresponsible on the part of the UIDAI, the sole governing body for this massive project, to turn a blind eye to the lack of standards prescribed for how other bodies shall deal with such data, such cases of massive public disclosures of this data, and the myriad ways in which it may be used for mischief. UIDAI may point to Section 29 (4), which makes publication of Aadhaar Numbers illegal , to state that legal machinery exists to deal with situations such as these, but its selective implementation against anyone pointing out flaws can be harmful. However, given the scale of the project, the amount of data involved, and the large expanse of both public and private parties involved, we would argue that there is no way that UIDAI, in good faith, could have determined the presence of one legal provision, on its own, as sufficient deterrent to prevent such flagrant misuse of data. Further, it is staggering that while these databases have existed in the public domain for months, while framing the Aadhaar Act Regulations in late 2016, the UIDAI did not even deem these as important matters to be addressed by way of regulations or standard
Image credit: OnGrid.in
A former chief judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has been accused of sexual harassment by multiple women who worked as clerks or externs on the court.
The claims against Alex Kozinski, 67, were first reported by The Washington Post. Two of the women told the Post that Kozinski asked them to look at pornography on a computer in their chambers. Four other women claimed they made inappropriate comments or subjected them to inappropriate behavior.
The accusations against Kozinski were reported in the same week that three members of Congress -- Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich.; Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn.; and Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz. -- announced they would resign or retire amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
One of the women, former clerk Heidi Bond, told the Post that Kozinski showed their pornographic images on at least three occasions and asked them if they aroused them
Bond, who writes romance novels under the pen name Courtney Milan, posted a longer account of Kozinski's behavior online. They wrote that the judge once showed them a piece of paper listing names of women they and their friends had sex with while in college.
"Don't tell your co-clerks about this," Bond wrote that Kozinski told them "It's not something I want them to know about."
On another occasion, Bond wrote, Kozinski forbid them from reading romance novels on their dinner break. When they protested, they told her, "I control what you read, what you write, when you eat. You don't sleep if I say so. You don't s--- unless I say so. Do you understand?"
"There was nothing to say but this: 'Yes, Judge,'" Bond wrote.
Another former clerk, Emily Murphy, told the Post that Kozinski approached them at a reception where they had been discussing training regimens with other clerks and suggested that they work out naked. When Murphy tried to change the subject, they said Kozinski steered the conversation back toward nudity.
"It wasn't just clear that they were imagining me naked, they were trying to invite other people — my professional colleagues — to do so as well,” Murphy told the paper. "That was what was humiliating about it."
In a statement to the Post, Kozinski said, "I have been a judge for 35 years and during that time have had over 500 employees in my chambers. I treat all of my employees as family and work very closely with most of them. I would never intentionally do anything to offend anyone and it is regrettable that a handful have been offended by something I may have said or done."
After the Post report was published, other members of the legal community reacted on social media. Civil rights attorney Alexandra Brodsky tweeted that Kozinski's behavior was "an open secret."
"In law school, everyone knew, and women didn't apply to clerk for Judge Kosinski [sic] despite their prestige and connections to the Supreme Court," they wrote. "I always felt the men who took their places were traitors."
The Romania-born Kozinski was appointed to the federal bench by President Ronald Reagan in 1985. They served as chief judge on the San Francisco-based Ninth Circuit between 2007 and 2014.
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals handles cases for nine Western states, including Alaska and Hawaii, as well as Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. It has drawn criticism from some conservatives, who claim many of the judges are politically biased toward liberal positions.
Click for more from The Washington Post.
Rep. Earl Blumenauer Earl BlumenauerDems ready aggressive response to Trump emergency order, as GOP splinters Businesses need bank accounts — marijuana shops included Dem senator introduces S. 420 bill that would legalize marijuana MORE (D-Ore.) is demanding “action” after a community college shooting that reportedly left 10 dead in Oregon on Thursday.
The member of congress said “thoughts and prayers” are not enough in the wake of the tragedy and sent a link to their comprehensive gun reform plan, Enough is Enough, in a tweet hours after the shooting.
I hope we can summon political courage to stop gun violence. We need more than thoughts & prayers. We need action. https://t.co/4DNqaFtoIW — Earl Blumenauer (@repblumenauer) October 1, 2015
ADVERTISEMENT
Blumenauer made similar statements after an Oregon school shooting left one dead in 2014 and after the 2012 Newtown, Conn., massacre.
They have been a leading proponent of heightened gun regulations, including universal background checks.
A 20-year-old male gunman reportedly opened fire on students at Umpqua Community College. A student who claimed to have witnessed the shooting said the gunman questioned students about their religion before shooting them.
Umpqua has 3,300 full-time students, according to KTVU, and more than a dozen buildings on campus.
Top shelf guests all summer long! Walter mentioned a few weeks ago on the Heather B episode that the “star power” of the podcast tends to trend upwards during the summer months and this week is no exception. Heard of a little festival called “Just for Laughs”? Yeah? That was just one of Andy Nulman's ideas. You can add investor, producer, journalist and a whole list of other successful endeavours to that list too. Anyhow, Andy was kind enough to drop into Grumpy's and talk about where they think comedy is headed, shares a story about a little showdown they had in that very bar and is just generally an amazing guest. Listen now!
Oh yeah, go to www.hahaha.com and go see all the shows.
As always, a big thank you to the providers of our theme song: Aural Turpitude!
Are the Times A-Changin' About Fathers and Children?
September 8, 2013 by Robert Franklin, Esq.
It's possible to monitor the zeitgeist regarding fathers and children by paying regular attention to newspaper and magazine articles, blogs, television programs, movies, advertising and the like. No one article, ad or movie tells it all, but in the aggregate, they give a fair idea. I've said many times that the culture will have to change before the laws change, and the laws will have to change before the judges change, but slowly, the culture is coming to realize that fathers are necessary to children's well-being and that they're not the ogres feminism would like them to be.
I think this article, including its flaws, is a fair indication of times that are a-changin' for the better (Boston Globe, 8//13). In the first place, it's generally (although not entirely) accurate and it doesn't slant the facts in the anti-dad/aggrieved mom way with which we're so familiar. The writer, Kara Baskin, doesn't have an ax to grind; their real motivation seems to be to track changes to the workplace and family structure that impact fathers, mothers and their relationships to their kids. They talk to fathers, and quotes them, a fact that, by itself is a departure from what we often see in the same genre — fathers who are talked about, but who are permitted no voice.
Also, they include the Center for Work and Families among their sources. It's one of the organizations studying fathers, mothers and work that's generally reliable. The one quibble I have with its work is that it sometimes substitutes what people say their attitudes are about, say, fathers as primary caregivers, for what people actually do when it comes to allocating time at work and time with children.
According to US Census data from the National At-Home Dad Network, 32 percent of married fathers — 7 million dads — are a regular source of care for kids under 15, up from 26 percent in 2002. That's good news for working moms, and it's great news for fathers who want to cast off traditional parenting roles. Indeed, the sitcom stereotype of dad as a frazzled Mr. Mom who can't fold laundry or warm a bottle has grown quaint. As moms have done for years, dads are cobbling flexible work schedules, downshifting too part-time to make parenting a priority, or in some cases opting out of the workforce entirely, at least for a while. “In an increasing number of families, dads are no longer the backup parent,” says Brad Harrington, executive director of the Boston College Center for Work & Family. “Many of these fathers are natural nurturers who might be more adept at parenting than their spouse.”
All of that is true, including the part about the slow decline of the incompetent “Mr. Mom.” They were always one of the culture's primary weapons deployed against the possibility that we might accept fathers as real, loving and able parents. Our culture has for decades demonstrated considerable anxiety about the idea that men might be something other than what feminists have always claimed — a danger to children and mothers. But over the years, a combination of objective facts and pro-father advocacy has eroded the silly and false narrative of Dad as clueless about the simplest things regarding their children.
I like Baskin's use of the data showing a dramatic increase in fathers who provide regular care for children. It's far better than statistics on stay-at-home parents, the definition of whom by the Census Bureau is so restrictive as to give a poor picture of the reality of how much care fathers provide for their children.
And more to the point, a new generation may be voting with their feet. According to various sources, the CWF being one of them, younger parents may be more amenable to switching roles than have generations past. One reason for that may be that the American school system has gone “all in” for the education of girls and women. With almost 58% of college enrollees being women, they're obviously going to be the ones with the higher earning ability in a large percentage of couples. That would militate in favor of Mom working and Dad doing childcare in the same way the converse did in days gone by.
The Pew Research Center recently released a study noting that more mothers than ever are their family's primary (or sole) breadwinners. Today, four out of 10 households have mothers as the primary provider, and women comprise nearly half the US labor force. As debates intensify over work-family balance or whether women can “have it all,” it's important to note the flip side: Many dads are picking up the slack.
Baskin needs to look further. As I've pointed out before, the Pew Center data are accurate enough, but, recited alone, obscure an important fact — in about 62% of those households with a mother as the major earner, they got that way by being the only earner. Either by divorce or deciding to have children alone, most of those mothers have no adult competition for the title of chief breadwinner in the household. As Prof. Margaret Ryznar pointed out in the Huffington Post a month ago, when single mothers are taken out of that data, only 15% of mothers outearn their husbands/partners. That's not much different from the way it was in 1960 when 11% of married mothers earned more than their husbands.
But of course the Pew figures represent the economy as a whole. They include everyone from 16 year-olds working part-time to 75 year-old college professors. They reflect, not just the youngest generation of workers, but everyone. And many of those — indeed, probably most of those — workers represent a time in which men, far more than women, were expected to leave home, work and earn to support their families. Therefore, if a new generation is going to reverse rolls, the fact won't be seen in data gathered from a cross-section of the U.S. populace.
Now, what that younger generation actually does is another — and as yet unanswered — question. There are mighty forces, some cultural, some biological, some legal that encourage the maintenance of the status quo. We've never seen a time when children were mostly tended to by fathers and women brought home the bacon. With a track record that's literally thousands of years old, the smart money doesn't bet on change.
And yet, times are changing. Women are working more and at more prestigious and better paying jobs than was mostly true in the past. That is a fact. Another fact is that someone has to take care of the kids. Yet another fact is that fathers are loudly beating the drum for fathers' rights in family courts and the justice of their cause cannot be denied.
All of that points to a refiguring of sex roles, and the only question is how extensive will be the change. Women are still the main ones to opt out of work. Men are overwhelmingly the major earners. Women still do the lion's share of childcare. The courts are stuck somewhere back in the early 20th century.
Where we'll find our “angle of repose” is anyone's guess, but both men and women are altering what once was. The Globe piece is a fair reflection of that.
The National Parents Organization is a Shared Parenting Organization
The National Parents Organization is a non-profit that educates the public, families, educators, and legislators about the importance of shared parenting and how it can reduce conflict in children, parents, and extended families. Want to get involved? Here's how:
Become an official member of the National Parents Organization team.
an official member of the National Parents Organization team. Join our Facebook Page.
Together, we can drive home the family, child development, social and national benefits of shared parenting. Thank you for your activism.
#BostonGlobe, #Centerforworkandfamily's, #Pew, #Mr.Mom, #BradHarrington, #KaraBaskin, #MargaretRyznar
HOLLYWOOD legend Sir Christopher Lee will release their second heavy metal album on their 91st birthday on Monday.
The Lord Of The Rings star has lent their classically trained bass voice to guest on hard rock songs over the years but the knight of the realm threw themselves into symphonic metal with their debut concept album Charlemagne: By The Sword and the Cross in 2010.
Their fans were rewarded last December with an EP of Christmas songs called A Heavy Metal Christmas.
They announced a new single, appropriately titled Let Legend Mark Me As The King on their 90th birthday last year and will unveil the new record Charlemagne: The Omens Of Death next week.
"The first Charlemagne album is metal, of course, but what I sang was more symphonic," Sir Christopher said.
"Now, on the second one, The Omens of Death, it is one hundred percent heavy metal. I've done my bits and pieces and they are heavy metal.
"I'm not screaming or anything like that, but it is definitely heavy metal."
Lee's musical concept was inspired by Charlemagne, the first Holy Roman Emperor and an ancestor of the actor on their mother's side.
Judas Priest guitarist Richie Faulkner is among those who helped the nonagenarian release their rock dreams which features songs including The Devil's Advocate and Massacre Of The Saxons.
Other recording artists proving age is no barrier to releasing a new album include Doris Day and Tony Bennett who have both enjoyed chart success in their 80s.
media_camera Part of the cover of Christopher Lee's new heavy metal album, Charlemagne.
Originally published as Master of horror's heavy metal move
Today we want to introduce yet another emulator for the Nintendo 3DS / Nintendo 3DS XL and the R4 3DS Card. This time for the Atari 5200 Super System. We're huge fans of emulators and emulation in general. And the Nintendo 3DS and 3DS XL seem like the perfect handheld systems for some really amazing classic gaming.
Back in the early 1980's, long before the Playstation And Xbox game systems were even an idea, Atari single-handedly owned the video game market. With their popular Atari 2600 VCS game system that was in millions upon millions of living rooms. Atari, some have said, created the home console craze way back then.
As with any industry though, the competition was always close behind. Mattel Electronics had the Intellivision, which often had games that were unique and fresh, and often with better graphics than the 2600. The ColecoVision also came on the scene in 1982 and offered up near arcade quality graphics when compared to the arcades of those days. But Atari had Pac Man, and of course the original Mario Bros. Which helped it sell system after system.
It was this fierce and looming competition that drove Atari to release the Atari 5200. Sadly, while they sold well, they're increasingly hard to find, because they didn't get manufactured past a certain point because of the big video game crash that soon followed.
Atari 5200 fans though will remember games like Bounty Bob Strikes Back, Gremlins, Super Breakout, and many others. Collecting for the Atari 5200 has been relatively easy as well. Due in large part to the small number of games that were released before video game crash. Being able to take your Atari games with you though, is even better.
The 5200 emulator for the Nintendo 3DS XL is called A5200DS, it's one of the most compatible and best emulators for the Nintendo DS, DSi and Nintendo 3DS XL. In testing, it shows to be compatible with all of the current games, and even a lot of the homebrew games that have been released since then. There are a lot of different freeware games as well, which are available.
Bounty Bob Strikes Back was easily one of the most popular games on the console too. Miner 2049'er may remind you of this game, as that's the name it goes by as well. Games like Frogger II, Mario Bros and countless other classics all got their start in old time arcades which were then ported over to the home consoles like the Atari 5200. I'm sure a lot of people have some fantastic gaming memories going to the bargain bins in the box stores and picking out their Atari games and buying them for just a few dollars.
Thanks to cards like the R4 3DS and the homebrew and dev scene, we're able to enjoy a lot of these old classics through emulation. Forums go crazy with a lot of old-school game talk, and not many people realize that you don't actually have to sit in front of a PC in order to be able to play them. You could take the games with you on the go.
Here's what you'll need to be able to play old classic Atari 5200 Games on your Nintendo 3DS:
A 3-year-old Milpitas boy is safe after a 23-year-old man allegedly abducted the child from the Milpitas Library Friday morning, according to the Milpitas Police Department. NBC Bay Area's Jodi Hernandez and Chuck Coppola report. (Published Friday, June 5, 2015)
A 3-year-old Milpitas boy is safe after a 23-year-old man allegedly abducted the child from the Milpitas Library Friday morning, according to the Milpitas Police Department.
Milpitas Police Chief Steve Pangelinan said police received the first call of the alleged abduction at about 10:40 a.m. The library is located at 160 N. Main St. Pangelinan said the mother was with the child inside the library and alerted library officials to their missing child.
Library staff called police and arriving officers started searching the library before being told that a man had left with a child matching the description of the missing boy, Pangelinan said. At this point police reclassified the investigation as a child abduction and began asking for help from other agencies, including police and transit, the chief said.
"It's a horrific, horrific crime," Pangelinan said.
Raw Video: Milpitas Police Press Conference
Milpitas police on Friday said they found a 3-year-old boy who witnesses said left the library area in the arms of what appeared to be a homeless man in their 20s near the city's main library. (Published Friday, June 5, 2015)
About one hour later police received a call from the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority reporting that a bus driver had seen a person and a child matching the child's description, Pangelinan said.
According to the chief, the suspect had boarded the bus at about 11 a.m. from the Great Mall of the Bay Area in Milpitas. The chief said Fremont police arrested Alfonso David Edington when they got off the bus with the child at the Fremont BART station. Officers transmitted a photo of the child to the Milpitas Police Department's command post and authorities were able to confirm the child was the one missing, Pangelinan said.
"The bus driver is a hero," Pangelinan said. "Absolute hero."
Pangelinan said police do not yet know the Edington's motive. They might be transient, but Pangelinan said their address of record is in Pittsburg.
The chief said the library has not had a problem in the past with homeless people visiting the library, but library officials will now be looking into enhanced security.
"The family is extremely emotional," the chief said, but by all appearances the child is unharmed.
Milpitas police identified the suspect as Alfonso Edington, 23, of Pittsburg.
Photo credit: Milpitas PD
The chief urged parents to watch their kids to the best of their ability even in the nicest neighborhoods.
"I'm glad to report a happy ending," Pangelinan said.
Copyright Bay City News
On Nov. 30, thousands of Muscovites marched through Samotechnaya Square against planned cuts to the city's healthcare system.
Photo Credit: Brittany L. Holom
The following is a guest post by Brittany Holom, a Ph.D. candidate in the Department of Politics at Princeton University.
*****
On Nov. 30, medical personnel, activist groups, and political parties gathered in Moscow, the noise slowly growing louder than group after group joined the marching line, using loudspeakers to project their chants into the biting winter air. The demonstrators' signs called for a moratorium on proposed reforms to the city's health-care system, with some demanding to know why there was money for war, but not for medicine. News agencies estimated that 5,000-6,000 people braved the day's freezing temperatures to demand accessible, affordable medicine (dostupnaya meditsina). These protests against planned health-care reforms in Moscow marked the second event of its kind within the month; the first “doctors' meeting” had taken place on Nov. 2. Another took place on Dec. 14, in combination with groups against education reforms. What are these reforms that have drawn such opposition, and why have these specific protests gained so much attention? What do they mean for the Putin regime, particularly in the context of the larger economic woes? Could widespread support for the welfare state prove to be a stumbling block for Putin's popularity?
The recent protests are rooted in Moscow health reform plans that first emerged in mid-October, when Russian Medical Server, an online medical news site, leaked the details of the intended changes to the city's health care. To optimize the system's structure, it was reported, the government planned to close 28 hospitals and clinics in the city and lay off thousands of medical personnel. According to the groups of doctors and nurses gathered at the rallies, the planning process took place behind closed doors for months, with little to no consultation with those working day-to-day in the city's health-care system. Moscow officials later reported that the government's Research Institute of the Organization of Healthcare and Medical Management had authored the reforms.
While the specific characteristics and plans of the reforms in question are new, the push for change is not. Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union, analysts have argued that the Russian health-care system is in dire straits. It has struggled against a long history tied with alcoholism and issues of underfunding and structural imbalances linked with the legacies of the Soviet Semashko system. Nevertheless, although the goal of improvement has been constant across time and regimes in post-Soviet Russia, there has been little clear, strong direction for achieving this. Then, in their 2012 “May Decrees” pledges, Putin promised a full restructuring of the system to meet updated health goals. The government immediately began planning for a shift of health-care financing to “single-channel” funding, which will begin in 2015. In April 2014, deputies approved an update of the state program “The Development of Healthcare,” which laid out strategies for advancing the Russian health care system. These strategies largely followed the recommendations and goals set out by the World Health Organization (WHO). The current Moscow reforms are part of this larger drive for greater efficiency and improved health.
Many demonstrators carried signs demanding accessible and affordable medicine, as well as questioning why there is money for war, but not for doctors.
Photo Credit: Brittany L. Holom
While health-care reforms are frequently controversial, they are not often considered threatening they stability of a regime, particularly in a country where, in July 2014, the Pew Research Center found that 83 percent of the population expressed confidence in Putin to “do the right thing regarding world affairs” (compare that with the rest of countries included in the Global Attitudes Survey, of which only a handful expressed more than 50 percent confidence). Even as recently as the end of November, in the midst of international tensions and emerging economic woes, the Moscow-based Levada Center, which conducts public opinion polls and sociological research in Russia, found that approval ratings for Putin still stood at 85 percent.
If Putin is so popular, why have these reforms led to such large protests? Despite the reports on the struggles of the Russian health-care system, research has shown that health care – and the welfare state in general – is one area on which post-communist populations have maintained an unwavering and strong consensus since the fall of the Soviet Union. The belief in the government's responsibility for providing quality health care continues to dominate expectations. The Levada Center's findings over the past two months further corroborate this claim, showing that, although overall support for protest activities has decreased in recent months, the only protests continuing to receive widespread support from the population are these “doctors' protests” against health-care reform. According to the Center's deputy director, it appears that citizens will more actively protect their expectations in health care and education, which affect their everyday lives, than they will in the case of more “symbolic laws,” such as those addressing larger macro-economic issues or international affairs. Furthermore, Russia is a country where the vast majority of medical personnel are state employees, meaning that unrest over reforms can signify trouble at that crucial intersection between the state and the public, which can in turn serve as an opportunity for some political concessions in the domestic sphere. This indicates that, more than anything else, social sector reforms could prove to be a challenge for Putin and their government. Perhaps that is why Putin used their State of the Nation address on Thursday, Dec. 4 to focus on international issues, and answered only one question about health-care reform at their end-of-the-year press conference on Dec. 18.
With the ruble collapsing, new bans on imports announced weekly, the continuing Ukraine crisis, and additional sanctions being considered by the West, domestic unrest has taken a backseat in media coverage to international and economic concerns. However, movements against social sector reforms – and in particular these “doctors' meetings” – appear to be where real political compromise may occur in Russia. Putin themselves has already begun to backtrack on the health-care reforms, indicating that they believed that authorities had not considered all of the nuances of the reform plans and that further deliberation is needed before they are fully implemented. Therefore, it seems that the welfare state may prove to be a significant bargaining chip for the Russian population, a chip that will only grow stronger with continued hardships under economic and international policies.
When I was a kid, I got in trouble for putting my feet up on my chair at the kitchen table. Everyone corrected me for it. It's like all the adults in my life had it in for me just because of this one little habit. Here's how it normally went.
—
Begin scene.
Mother/Father/Grandparent: “Adrianne.” (Serious tone.)
Me: “What?” (Innocently.)
Mother/Father/Grandparent: “Put your feet down when you're sitting at the table. You cannot sit like that when you're grown up.” (Sternly.)
Me: Slowly put feet down like a proper lady. Thirty seconds pass. Slowly put feet back up like a comfortable, hunched-over little monkey.
Repeat scene.
—
That was a habit that I just couldn't seem to break. One of the first ways I celebrated my freedom when I lived on my own was putting my feet up on my chair in the comfort of my own apartment. No one corrected or reprimanded me or told me I was acting like a child. It was awesome.
I also ate too many cookies as a child. That's not a habit I'm willing to break as a grown-up, either. Children sometimes have it right.
Here's a recipe for one of my favorite cookies since I was a kid. These chocolate cookies are huge, chewy, and full of peanut butter chips. Because they're so big, no need to feel guilty for eating too many. You'll probably start feeling full after one.
Cream together butter and sugar until very light and fluffy.
Add eggs and vanilla, beating well after each addition.
Add the dry mixture to the creamed one, mixing gently by hand until combined.
Add in those peanut butter chips.
Form dough balls the size of golf balls.
Bake 16-18 minutes until puffed and cracked on top.
A close-up…mmmmm.
Big Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookies
Makes about 2 1/2 dozen big cookies
Ingredients
2 cups (10 oz.) unbleached, all-purpose flour
3/4 cup cocoa
1 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 sticks (1 1/4 cups) butter, room temperature
2 cups sugar
2 eggs, room temperature
2 teaspoons vanilla
1 2/3 cups (10 oz.) peanut butter chips
Directions
Stir together flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating for 30 seconds after each addition. Add vanilla and mix until combined.
Add dry mixture to creamed mixture all at once, and mix by hand just until combined. Fold in peanut butter chips and distribute evenly throughout dough.
Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on dough, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a baking mat. Using an ice-cream scoop, form dough into large, round balls, about the size of golf balls.
Bake for 16-18 minutes until puffy and cracked on top, and let cool for 5 minutes on the pan before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Tags: big, chocolate, cookies, peanut butter
Well Boys and Girls – the day we all feared would come, has finally shown up. The L.A. city planning commission, P.L.U.M. committee, recently went on a tear about how Los Angeles is currently faced with more than 65 lawsuits, along with a host of other marijuana related issues, and that all L.A. pot shops should be closed.
So, showing their in depth knowledge of the topic, decided that with the help of the PLUM committee to shut down all of the local medical marijuana collectives that are currently doing business in LA.
[nggallery id=66]
If this ban goes through …
1.) Street Level Marijuana Dealers Will Come Out In Force
2.) Marijuana Delivery Services Will Proliferate
3.) The Sick And Elderly Will Be Made Victims (Lack Of Access / Price Gouging )
4.) Marijuana Tax Revenue will Plummet
5.) Marijuana Patients Will Lose Access To Safe, Tested Marijuana (Street Dealers Don't Test)
6.) The Sick That Can't Grow their Own Weed Will Be Dependent on The Kindness Of Others.
7.) Crime Will Have A New Revenue Source (Fill The Vacuum of Missing “D's”)
8.) L.A.'s Jails Will Be Overburdened Beyond Belief. (As Cops Now Chase Down St. Dealers)
9.) The Judicial System Will Run Into Back Logged Cases That Cost Tax Payers $$$$$
10.) L.A.'s New Ban Would Create A Whole New Wave Of Marijuana Cultivators
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qT0bvudvv4]
One can't help but wonder, if the L.A. city planning committees decision yesterday, to ban all medical marijuana collectives in the city of Los Angeles, is a byproduct of the 420 communities events and lifestyle. Or more that the L.A. city council was unable, unwilling or unprepared to draft adequate laws and regulations that would provide protections for both the citizen mmj patients of Los Angeles, and the residence and taxpayers of the local municipalities.
Hewlett-Packard (s hpq) said today that it would cut 9,000 jobs and take a $1 billion restructuring charge, spread out through the end of its 2013 fiscal year, as the company seeks to automate its data centers so it can deliver enterprise business services. HP undertook a big data center consolidation push back in 2006 when it cut the number of data centers to six from 85, but this effort will be tied to automating its external-facing data centers, and appears to be an effort to deliver on HP's vision of cloud computing. From the SEC filing noting the charge:
Advertisement
As part of this multi-year transformation plan, HP intends to (i) invest in fully automated, standardized, state-of-the-art commercial data centers, (ii) invest to facilitate the migration of client applications to modernized infrastructure platforms, and (iii) consolidate the enterprise services business's commercial data centers, management platforms, networks, tools and applications.
This reads like HP's gearing up to offer infrastructure or a platform as a service both for itself and for clients. However, the filing isn't all bad news. While systems administrators and data center personnel may find themselves on the outs, HP expects to replace 6,000 of the positions eliminated with folks in sales, or what it calls “delivery resources.” And HP expects annualized net savings, after reinvestment in salespeople and other efforts, to be between $500 million and $700 million by its 2013 fiscal year, which ends Oct. 31.
Related GigaOM Pro research (sub req'd): Report: Evolution of The Private Cloud
India's Nuclear Doctrine: Need for a Review
December 5, 2014
Reluctant Member of the Nuclear Club
Faced with the prospect of having to confront nuclear-armed China and Pakistan, with both of which it had fought wars over unresolved territorial disputes, India conducted a series of nuclear tests at Pokhran, Rajasthan, on May 11 and 13, 1998, and declared itself a state armed with nuclear weapons. Before crossing the nuclear Rubicon, India had sought but had been denied international guarantees that nuclear weapons would not be used against it. As India was not a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty or the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty, the country did not violate any treaty obligations.
It is well accepted in India that nuclear weapons are political weapons and not weapons of warfighting and that their sole purpose is to deter the use and threat of use of nuclear weapons by India's adversaries. This was reflected in a statement made by Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee in Parliament in May 1998: “India is now a nuclear weapon state.... We do not intend to use these weapons for aggression or for mounting threats against any country; these are weapons of self-defence, to ensure that India is not subjected to nuclear threats or coercion.”
Until the May 1998 nuclear tests, almost nothing was known about India's nuclear doctrine and force structure in the public domain. A draft nuclear doctrine was prepared by the National Security Advisory Board chaired by the late K. Subrahmanyam and handed over to the government on August 17, 1999.
After a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Security, the government issued a statement on January 4, 2003, spelling out India's nuclear doctrine and the operationalization of its nuclear deterrent. The salient features of the government statement included the following: India will build and maintain a credible minimum deterrent; follow a no-first-use posture; and will use nuclear weapons only “in retaliation against a nuclear attack on Indian territory or on Indian forces anywhere.” It was also affirmed that nuclear retaliation to a first strike will be massive and designed to inflict unacceptable damage; retaliatory attacks will be authorized only by the civilian political leadership through the Nuclear Command Authority; nuclear weapons will not be used against nonnuclear weapon states; and India will retain the option of retaliating with nuclear weapons in the event of a major attack against it with biological or chemical weapons.
Ashley Tellis, well-known South Asia analyst, has written that India's nuclear doctrine is “fundamentally conservative…” and that India's retaliatory nuclear strike “is likely to…maintain its traditionally strict system of civilian control over all strategic assets; minimise the costs of maintaining a nuclear deterrent at high levels of operational readiness routinely; and, maximise the survivability of its relatively modest nuclear assets….” (“India's Emerging Nuclear Doctrine: Exemplifying the Lessons of the Nuclear Revolution,” NBR Analysis, May 2001.)
Recent Calls for Review
In the decade since the nuclear doctrine was unveiled by the government, several organizations and individuals have commented on it. Some of them have been critical of the no-first-use (NFU) posture. Among them, Bharat Karnad (author of Nuclear Weapons and India's Security [Macmillan, 2004]) has consistently questioned the NFU posture. They have written: “NFU may be useful as political rhetoric and make for stability in situations short of war. But as a serious war-planning predicate, it is a liability. NFU is not in the least credible, because it requires India to first absorb a nuclear attack before responding in kind.”
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh, while speaking at the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, New Delhi, on April 2, 2014, called for a global “no-first-use” norm. They said, “States possessing nuclear weapons…(must) quickly move to the establishment of a global no-first-use norm….” This was followed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) promising in its election manifesto to “study in detail India's nuclear doctrine, and revise and update it, to make it relevant to challenges of current times…” and to “maintain a credible minimum deterrent that is in tune with changing geostrategic realities.”
Some BJP leaders hinted that the NFU posture would also be reviewed. However, sensing the international criticism that was bound to follow, Narendra Modi, BJP's candidate for prime minister, emphasized that there would be “no compromise” on no first use. Regardless of election-time rhetoric, it is necessary that important government policies must be reviewed periodically with a view to examining and revalidating their key features.
Criticism of the nuclear doctrine has mainly been centered on a few key issues: NFU may result in unacceptably high initial casualties and damage to Indian population, cities, and infrastructure; “massive” retaliation is not credible, especially against a tactical nuclear strike on Indian forces on the adversary's own territory; nuclear retaliation for chemical or biological attack would be illogical, especially as the attack may be by nonstate actors; and it would be difficult to determine what constitutes a “major” chemical or biological strike.
Most recently, Lt. Gen. B.S. Nagal (Ret.), former commander in chief, Strategic Forces Command, and later head of the Strategic Planning Staff at the National Security Council Secretariat, has questioned the efficacy of the NFU doctrine. According to him, “It is time to review our policy of NFU…(the) choices are ambiguity or first use.” They give six main reasons for seeking a change: NFU implies acceptance of large-scale destruction in a first strike; the Indian public is not in sync with the government's NFU policy and the nation is not psychologically prepared; it would be morally wrong—the leadership has no right to place the population “in peril”; NFU allows the adversary's nuclear forces to escape punishment as retaliatory strikes will have to be counter value in nature; an elaborate and costly ballistic missile defense (BMD) system would be required to defend against a first strike; and escalation control is not possible once nuclear exchanges begin. (“Checks and Balances,” Force, June 2014.)
The proponents of NFU agree with the government's policy and offer persuasive arguments in its favor: India's strategic restraint posture has provided major gains internationally, including the lifting of economic sanctions and the removal of technology denial regimes, civil nuclear cooperation agreements, and accommodation in multilateral nuclear export control regimes. Most of these will be frittered away if India opts for first use; complex command and control and sophisticated intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems are necessary for a first-use posture; a first-use posture will deny India the opportunity to engage in conventional warfare below the nuclear threshold; first use will lower the nuclear threshold and make the use of tactical nuclear weapons more likely; and South Asia will again be dubbed a “nuclear flashpoint,” which will encourage international meddling and discourage investment.
However, the acid test of whether or not the NFU posture is justified should be to test it against the yardstick of military operations during war. The likely circumstances in which first use may be considered appropriate by its advocates and the counterarguments of its proponents are discussed briefly below.
The most common scenarios include first use by way of preemption based on intelligence warning or during launch on warning or launch through attack. In all of these, there are no easy answers to some obvious questions: What if intelligence regarding an imminent first strike is wrong? The (non)existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is a good example. Which targets will be hit in a first strike? Counter value or counter force or both? Is the destruction of the adversary's cities justified on suspicion of imminent launch? In either case, the adversary's surviving nuclear weapons will be employed to successfully target major Indian cities. Would it be worthwhile risking the destruction of Delhi, Mumbai, and other cities in Kenneth Waltz's words “in the military pursuit of problematic gains”? (“Does India Need the Bomb,” The Times of India, January 26, 2000.)
Major military reverses are also said to justify the first use of nuclear weapons. In the land battle, the worst-case scenarios include the cutting off of the Pathankot-Jammu national highway NH-1A somewhere near Samba; an ingress by the Pakistan army over the forward obstacle system in Punjab or Rajasthan; and a major incursion into the Thar Desert. In none of these scenarios is the situation likely to become so critical as to justify escalation to nuclear levels by way of a first strike, as sufficient reserves are available to restore an adverse situation. Similarly, if an aircraft carrier and one submarine are destroyed or an important airbase with nuclear-capable aircraft is severely damaged, a first strike would not be justified. Hence, it emerges quite clearly that India's NFU posture was justified when it was first announced and remains appropriate even today.
Deterrence is ultimately a mind game. The essence of deterrence is that it must not be allowed to break down. India's nuclear doctrine must enhance and not undermine nuclear deterrence. The NFU posture remains feasible for India's nuclear doctrine. However, the word “massive” in the government statement should be substituted with “punitive” as massive is not credible and limits retaliatory options. The threat of nuclear retaliation against chemical and biological attack should be dropped from the doctrine as it is impractical. Also, the credibility of India's nuclear doctrine needs to be substantially enhanced through a skillfully drawn signaling plan.
Gurmeet Kanwal is a Delhi-based adjunct fellow with the Wadhwani Chair in U.S.-India Policy Studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C.
Commentary is produced by the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), a private, tax-exempt institution focusing on international public policy issues. Its research is nonpartisan and nonproprietary. CSIS does not take specific policy positions. Accordingly, all views, positions, and conclusions expressed in this publication should be understood to be solely those of the author(s).
© 2014 by the Center for Strategic and International Studies. All rights reserved.
China this week passed its long-awaited Film Law. It codifies recent regulations against box office fraud and puts emphasis on moral values.
The law, which has been discussed for several years, was approved by the National People's Standing Committee after a third reading, and differs little from a previous draft that was circulated in November last year. Known as the first film law, it was approved in the same week as another new law on cybersecurity.
The Film Law, which will take effect from March 2017, gives regulators the power to penalize film distributors and theaters which mis-report box office or revenues. Firms can be fines up to five time the value of the earnings and lose their distribution and business licenses, according to state news agency Xinhua.
Box office has come under growing scrutiny for the past couple of years as the scale of the industry ballooned.
The law also sets out moral and Socialist guidelines. “(Films must) serve the people and socialism.” filmmakers must have “excellent” moral integrity and “self-discipline.”
It says that foreign filmmakers “damaging China's national dignity, honor and interests, or harming social stability or hurting national feelings,” should be penalized.
Foreign companies cannot hold distribution licenses in China, nor can they act as independent producers. But the law does reiterate rules that give official co-production films the same treatment as national films.
Traditional Choctaw foods are just as flavorful, just as deep, and probably healthier than any other cuisine that is popular in the United States today. They should be. Choctaw cuisine comes out of a sacred relationship that our ancestors maintained with the plants, animals, soil, and water of the Choctaw homeland (present-day western Alabama and eastern Mississippi) for over 500 generations. To them "wilderness" was a foreign concept. Our ancestors were at home on the land, and they knew how to work with it to produce the food and other products that their families needed to live. After supporting the Choctaw people for 15,000 years, the land was just as fertile as it had been to start with. That was true sustainability.
After the Trail of Tears, Choctaw people were prevented from managing the land. In Mississippi and later in Oklahoma, the land was severely damaged when Euro-Americans took over. The Choctaw community's health and well-being were damaged too. Today, Native Americans suffer from diabetes, obesity, and stroke at a higher rate than any other part of the American population. These deadly diseases were almost unknown to our ancestors, who lived on a traditional diet.
All over the world, and in our own household, contemporary Indigenous people have experienced an amazing improvement in health when we return to our own traditional diets. These diets are based on timeless knowledge for living with the land and with each other. Today, some of this knowledge is maintained by elders; tragically, some of it is sleeping because of the trauma of colonization.
We both grew up with some traditional Choctaw foods. For the last 10 years, Ian has been gathering pieces of knowledge about the Choctaw foodway from conversations with elders, from studying deep Choctaw language, from reading hundreds of old interviews, reports, and archaeological studies, and by experimenting. Thousands of hours of passionate work have come together in a book that is like no other. In about 250 pages and 175 images, it explorers how our ancestors developed a society and a cuisine; it follows the yearly round in the traditional foodway, introduces the most common ingredients in Indigenous Choctaw food, explores the hand-made implements that our ancestors used to transform these ingredients into food, presents recipes for more than 80 Choctaw food dishes that have no European ingredients, and gives tips for adapting them to a modern kitchen. All of this information is brought together with Choctaw language, traditional knowledge, and deep culture. The final chapter looks at the many ways that cutting edge developments in food, land management, and sustainability are finally catching up to what the Choctaw ancestors were doing centuries ago.
The book is currently being formatted for print. It should be coming out in 2018. Published by Choctaw Nation, at no profit to the author, it has been done as a labor of love towards community. The intent is to present information that can empower people who are interested in working to reawaken the parts of Indigenous Choctaw food and culture that are sleeping.
Andrew Mitchell sat calmly, waiting at the base of the door closed to them and everyone else in the world. They knew the routine. Anger wouldn't work. Neither would demands. None of the expected reactions would open that door. And, if they or anyone else forced it open, another would close to them.
So Mitchell waited. And they listened.
Slowly, the child on the other side began to communicate. Hesitantly and with more than a little apprehension, the child began to let Mitchell in. As the door moved inch by inch, the boy opened their life little by little to the man determined to help him.
Mitchell is no stranger to working with challenging children. In both their professional and personal lives, they spend their days working with kids struggling with problems that go beyond the ability of their families to resolve. The Maryland native has spent their adult life helping children in troubled homes learn to thrive despite the unique challenges they face in the world around them.
That doesn't mean every day is easy. This particular day, with this particular child walled off behind just a few inches of wood—but emotionally behind so much more than a simple door—was more difficult than the rest, even for a trained clinical mentor.
Still, Mitchell was patient as they spoke to their charge on the other side. Eventually, they were allowed into the room and cautiously attempted to forge a connection. As they did, they took in the room around him, a typical kid's room with not much to make it stand out. As they tried to converse with the troubled youth, it became increasingly clear that they aren't making much progress. Despite their best efforts, Mitchell was only met with clipped, noncommittal responses and head nods.
So they tried a different tactic.
"I saw some Magic boxes on the side of their room—I knew what it was from back when I played in middle school—so I tried bringing that up," Mitchell recalled. "It was like someone flipped a switch."
In just a few moments, gone was the reclusive and obstinate kid who wasn't interested in the adults around him. In their place sat a child ecstatic about the prospect of sharing one of the few bright spots in their life with someone.
"His face just lit up," Mitchell said. "And we played for hours that day. They taught me how to play again, and as they whipped me I was able to get to know him. They began to see me as someone who they could trust to help him.
"That was when I knew I had found something."
For both teen and adult, that day was a turning point. The child suddenly found themselves with a reason to work toward the behavior goals that had been set for him. Accomplishing those goals was met with new decks or opportunities to play. It provided a tangible reward for meeting benchmarks and moving forward with their life. They worked hard to meet those goals and today has conquered many of the challenges they faced.
For Mitchell, it was a revelation. Not only did the experience help push them back into Magic personally, it became a useful tool in their work. Teaching kids to play the game did more than give them something to work toward; it helped them to develop social skills that they struggled with in their outside lives.
The approach has worked wonders. It was such a hit that Mitchell teamed up with educator and friend Scott Swick to create Sword and Stone Tutors, and together they use Magic to help children find both personal and academic success. Swick credits Magic as unique in its ability to help to develop minds come to terms with the world around them.
"I've worked with kids on varying levels of the autism spectrum, and Magic does incredible things for them," they explained. "A lot of the challenges they face are in learning how to appropriately respond to the world around them—so many times they're trying to figure out the right response to a stimulus and they aren't able to experience the moment in the same way other kids do. That's a huge stress for them socially, and makes it difficult to learn how to fit in.
"Magic is so good for these kids because it has a sort of script. Each turn of each game they know what is expected, from introducing themselves at the beginning to saying 'good game' and shaking hands at the end. It allows them to put into practice the things they've learned socially in a way that no classroom setting can. Past that, it teaches them life skills, from being humble in victory to gracious in defeat. Take all that as well as the basic math and reading that comes with playing Magic, and you have something that really makes a difference in their lives."
It's not just Magic that's making a difference; credit must be given to Mitchell and Swick, who have gone above and beyond helping their charges during their work hours. They have formed a community from within their former and current pupils, and now Friday afternoons at the local gaming store are filled with those kids, who have found a group of friends they would have otherwise never met.
Walk into Dream Wizards in Rockville, Maryland, on a Friday night, and you won't see a bunch of kids who have faced unique trials that the average teenager hasn't. You won't see a group of kids who have struggled with a host of nightmarish scenarios, from broken homes to learning deficits to leukemia.
All you'll see is a group of kids doing exactly what every player does—enjoying playing the game with their friends. You'll see them vie over Commander games and strategize over how to best approach Standard. You'll see silly arguments and wacky decks and laughs and high fives. You'll see exactly how much good Magic can do for someone's life.
And just in the background, keeping a proud watch, you'll see the two men who made it possible.
In a very shocking development a young 32 year old person, father of four kids looses their life during the filming of a reality show sponsored by Unilever and being produced by their advertising agency Mindshare. Saad Khan was a game show contestant and the host/model Amina Sheikh, who also is the model of Clear Shampoo, gave an underwater challenge to Saad and during the execution of the stunt they apparently lost control, struggled and pleading for help could not recover, the inadequate safety personal and the equipment could not react in time and eventually they drowned
Saad Khan, 32 year old young man from Karachi and a father of four kids is sadly the victim, their body was returned to Karachi for burial two days back and the infuriated family has been running from pillar to post but it seems for some awkward reason it fails to catch the media attention and apparently no media house is ready to ‘run the story‘. It is a known fact that the media in Pakistan is usually head over heals on every other lame ass political slander, but surprisingly in Saad's case this case of gross neglect is not worthy of even a short news item. Might this has anything to do with the influence of Unilever and Mindshare who are giant spenders armed with enormous advertisement budgets.
Initially Saad's family was furious hoping to have Unilever cough up full responsibility, but at the moment they feel that the most important thing to look forward to is the future of Saad's four kids who have no future.
Aarpix: These details are given by a 2nd cousin of Saad on the condition of anonymity. Saad was 31, 6′2″, handsome man was employed at RBS (formerly ABN AMRO). Saad live a very ambitious and thrilled life. In their professional life, they had accomplished more than their age. They had well established career and didn't participate for the prize money or anything. They were rather very thrilling and adventurous. They were disqualified from the show after a few days but was then called by the death on a wild card entry. They did not lose their balance in the water – they were an excellent swimmer but the doctors in Thailand after carrying out an autopsy told that their muscle had pulled and they had some weight tied up to their feet as part of the challenge and so could not make it back up. They were underwater for about 6 minutes. Saad has left a widow and 4 kids: Oldest one is 7 years old, then twins of age 5.5 and then the youngest who is only 1.5 years of age.
While this story is slowly making its way around, it seems that some serious counter efforts were made against Farhan Janjua of Aarpix, who first broke the story, WebHostingPad suddenly issued Aarpix a short notice disabling their website for “nature of content” [do have a look at Aarpix and see if you find any objectionable material] they then told Farhan to quickly move their data with immediate effect or else they will delete their content [4 years of hard work] – panicking the poor chap found a local friend willing to help him, but as soon as the DNS prorogation started ‘someone' called Farhan's friend and asked questions about Aarpix and if they can possibly ‘have the owners cell phone number' worrying for the safety of their friends Farhan resolved to buy a sever internationally and used their support services to help salvage the at-risk data. As I write this post at 2am Aarpix is slowly coming back online.
I strongly believe these scare tactics must be condemned, Unilever/Mindshare should be held accountable for this accident and must be forced to offer compensation to the grieved family with immediate effect. I do not mean merely doling out a paltry 1 lac rupees to the affected family but stress a far more expensive compensation to widow and the four kids who now have a life to live without the primary bread earner and literally no husband or father to look after them. May Allah give them the courage and patience to recover from this tragic incident
UPDATE: Just noticed that Dawn.com is also playing some mischief in this incident as well, the above Obituatry message was published in Sunday's edition of Dawn, 23rd August, 2009. If you scroll to page 14 Karachi Metropolian section within the online archive hosted at epaper.dawn.com you do see this image in small print, but clicking on Saad Khan's Obituary, and it comes with an error “The Article image is missing”, might this be an accidental mistake, possible but aint it too coincidental?
UPDATE 2: The missing image from the epaper edition of Dawn.com has been fixed, one of their adminstrators personally called me up to inform me that it was a site-wide problem for that particular day, and the website administrators are fixing it with immediate effect, they have reassured me that there was no foul play. It was an Obituary ad and does not come under the editorial control of Dawn, even if they wanted to
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Francis Maude said £860m had been allocated to cyber-defence
The UK's Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-UK), which will co-ordinate the country's cybersecurity defence, has been formally launched.
The body will deal with "cybersecurity incidents" of national significance.
It will also provide advice and alerts on cyber-threats to government, industry and academia.
Speaking at the launch, Cabinet Office Minister Francis Maude said that 93% of large corporations had had "a breach" over the past financial year.
The attacks cost on average between £450,000 and £850,000, they added.
The minister also repeated the claim that one London-based company had suffered a security breach which cost it "£800m worth of revenue".
But, they said, cybersecurity also presented an opportunity. It was "an essential feature of - and a massive opportunity for - the UK's economic recovery".
Many countries around the world now have their own CERT, a crucial component in the sharing of information to prevent cyber-attacks.
'A milestone'
The government says it has allocated £860m to the UK's cybersecurity efforts.
However, figures were not available for the current budget specifically for CERT-UK, which will be based in London and will consist of a team of 55 people.
According to its website, cert.gov.uk, CERT-UK would issue an alert and appropriate guidance in the exceptional event of a critical national cybersecurity incident.
Providing advisory notices of "cybersecurity issues being detected across government, industry or academia" would be another function.
However the organisation has no law enforcement role or powers - its primary role is co-ordination and information-sharing.
Although CERT-UK had its official launch today, director Chris Gibson, formerly the director of e-crime at global bank Citigroup, was appointed in November and work has been in progress for some months.
A particular focus of the organisation will be the protection of companies seen to be part of the critical national infrastructure, such as banks, and power generation and distribution firms.
National Grid spokesperson Steve Collins described the launch of CERT-UK as a "milestone".
It will also provide a single point of contact for co-ordinating international responses to computer security incidents - a move welcomed by other countries' cybersecurity teams.
The aftermath of an airstrike in the Ansari district of Aleppo on Friday
A new wave of airstrikes on rebel-held areas of Aleppo have killed at least 32 people, as nearly two million civilians go without running water in the devastated city.
The Syrian military's bombardment damaged a water pumping station and then rebels shut down another in retaliation, the UN said.
Hanaa Singer, a UNICEF representative in Syria, said intense attacks damaged the Bab al-Nairab station, which supplies water to the 250,000 people in rebel-held eastern part of Aleppo.
Ms Singer said the Suleiman al-Halabi pumping station, also located in the rebel-held east, was then switched off in retaliation - cutting water to 1.5 million people in government-held western parts of the city.
"Depriving children of water puts them at risk of catastrophic outbreaks of water-borne diseases," Ms Singer said.
Moment baby is rescued from airstrike rubble
Residents said Aleppo has been subjected to the most ferocious bombardment of the war since the government declared a new offensive in the aftermath of a ceasefire brokered by the US and Russia breaking down.
Rebel officials said heavy airstrikes on Saturday by Russian jets hit at least four areas in the east.
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Saturday's death toll of 32 is expected to rise because people remain trapped under rubble.
Residents spoke of many buildings being completely destroyed.
Girl is only survivor after Aleppo airstrike kills family
"They are using weapons that appear to be specifically for (bringing down) buildings," a senior official in an Aleppo-based rebel faction, the Levant Front, told Reuters.
"Most of the victims are under the rubble because more than half the civil defence has been forced out of service."
Seven of those killed on Saturday died in a strike as they queued to buy yoghurt at a market.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 47 people were killed on Friday, including seven children.
Kerry demands Syria aircraft grounded as UN debates ceasefire
Ammar al Selmo, the head of Civil Defence in the opposition-held east, said the toll was more than 100.
Dramatic footage emerged of a five-year-old girl being pulled alive from the rubble of a Aleppo building destroyed in an airstrike on Friday.
The rest of their family - their mother, father, three sisters and one brother - were all killed in the airstrike.
The ceasefire negotiated by the US and Russia brought a brief respite from the violence, but the agreement broke down this week.
Syrian President accuses US of 'spreading lies'
A Syrian military source told Reuters the operation announced late on Thursday was going to plan, as the army prepares for a ground offensive in a bid to recapture the rebel-held areas of the city.
When asked what weapons were being used, the source said the army was using precise weapons "suitable for the nature of the targets being struck, according to the type of fortifications", such as tunnels and bunkers, and "specifically command centres".
The Syrian army says it is targeting rebel positions, and denies hitting civilians.
"Every missile makes an earthquake we feel regardless of how far off the bombardment is," one resident said.
A London-based chain of sandwich shops is opening another location in Boston, and this one should be popular with commuters and travelers.According to a Twitter post from @ConciergeBoston, Pret A Manger is planning to open at South Station, with a sign at the site saying "Hello South Station: We look forward to welcoming you soon." Once it opens, the new shop will join others in Boston's Financial District (Arch Street, Federal Street, Franklin Street, and State Street), the Back Bay (Boylston Street). and at the Longwood Center. (Pret A Manger has other U.S. locations in Chicago, New York, and Washington D.C.)The website for Pret A Manger can be found at http://www.pret.com/us/[May 11 updates: The Boston Hospitality and Tourism Industry Blog mentions that the new Pret A Manger is opening soon in the former Cheeseboy space.][June 5 update: A new post from The Boston Hospitality and Tourism Industry Blog states that Pret A Manger is now open at South Station.]Follow us on Twitter at @hiddenboston
Labels: Boston restaurants, restaurant openings, sandwich chains, sandwich shops, South Station restaurants
The Economist magazine placed Switzerland first in a recent ranking of currency manipulators. According to the analysis, China, commonly thought of as the world's champion at keeping its currency's value artificially low, appears to be doing the opposite: actively trying to push the value of its currency up. On the other hand, Switzerland that has been working hardest to artificially devalue its money.
Every six months America's Treasury looks at a country's trade surplus with America, its current-account surplus, and how much it spends buying foreign assets to suppress the value of its currency. The Economist combined these three things to come up with a currency manipulation score.
The highest score went to Switzerland, because of its large current-account surplus and big foreign-currency purchases. At the end of 2016, the Swiss National Bank (SNB) had CHF 747 billion of assets on its balance sheet, most of which (93%) was foreign currency the bank had bought to depress the value of the Swiss franc. In 2016, the bank bought CHF 103 billion worth of foreign currency.
However, as the Economist points out, SNB attempts to depress the value of the Swiss franc don't automatically mean it is undervalued. The Swiss franc's high buying power abroad puts it among the world's most overvalued currencies.
More on this:
Economist article (in English)
For more stories like this on Switzerland follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
It's lunch time.
Imagine that you're about to make a sandwich.
You've carefully laid out the ingredients. You have your meat, your cheese, and your veggies.
There's just one problem.
You're out of ketchup.
At first you gasp. You shed a tiny tear. But, then you start to consider what other condiment you can use to complete your masterpiece.
Do you use mayonnaise? Mustard? Perhaps something a bit more obscure like dill spread, hummus, or pesto?
Let's stop right here.
Where did you imagine you were looking for ketchup? In the cupboard? Or the refrigerator?
If you envisioned looking in the fridge and finding your ketchup empty, then you likely considered other refrigerated alternatives–mayonnaise, mustard, et al.
But if you were thinking of the cupboard, you likely had an entirely different set of alternatives.
I'm not so concerned with where you kept the ketchup. (There is–apparently–a raging debate over which is the right answer.) But, the point is that your different experience or preference is likely to shape your next move. It literally shapes the way that you associate things in your brain, which rewires how you think–and how you act.
This same phenomenon applies to almost any kind of critical thinking or problem-solving scenario. As humans, our experiences and our mental associations often drive the solutions that we come up with.
Diverse experiences
When we discuss diversity in the workplace, many times it involves thinking about gender, race, and other designations.
But, really, these characteristics are often just a proxy for why diversity is seen as a critical component for driving creativity and cultural awareness. That is, diversity of experiences–different perspectives about the world.
Of course, there is plenty to be said about pursuing diversity simply because it's the right thing to do–because inclusion is an important part of the workplace.
But there are more benefits for teams beyond just doing what's right.
Sure, which sandwich spread you choose is fairly inconsequential. But, where you grew up, your rituals, your opinions, and your life experiences all shape the way you think, the way you act, and the way you solve problems.
It's for this reason that diversity is such a valuable tool for teams.
Different perspectives lead to different kinds of solutions. Because of how our brains are wired, a solution that is obvious to one person may seem abstract or irrelevant to someone else. Thus, the more diversity in perspective that you have when analyzing a problem, the more likely you are to consider a broader range of possible solutions.
This proves to be a huge asset for teams that are regularly tasked with analyzing and solving difficult problems. Considering a broader range of solutions is more likely to surface a better or more innovative idea.
In other words, diversity of experiences helps to drive innovation and better, more creative problem-solving.
via GIPHY
Diversity drives innovation
Solutions created by diverse teams tend to be more innovative or creative than those devised by more homogenous teams.
It's been shown time and time again, in study after study.
This really shouldn't be surprising. If we assume that different backgrounds and different experiences are likely to lead individuals to different conclusions, then having a broad set of answers presented is likely to give us more possible solutions to choose from.
Innovation isn't driven by the same people trying over and over to solve the same problems in new ways.
It takes innovative thinking–new perspective and insight.
We often think of creativity as coming from some hidden region of the brain that we must unlock or tap into. But in reality, most creativity–most innovation–comes from some kind of outside stimulus or inspiration. Our brain takes things that are familiar to us and puts them together in new and interesting ways or identifies new patterns.
In practice, it feels like a eureka moment–you've just struck on an idea.
But, biologically, it's more like you're shaking the same snow globe over and over again until you get the snow to land in just the right pattern.
If we extend this snow globe metaphor to think about diversity, it's like having a big set of different snowglobes. If you shake all of them at the same time, each one will end up with a unique outcome. You cycle through more potential snow patterns in less time and you cover a broader range of possible snowfall. This means that you're more likely to hit on the “right” one and it will also take less time than if you only had one snow globe to shake.
This is because our brains are wired to make associations. We find common links and similar patterns that take us from point A to point B. So, in order to come up with some new or different idea, we often need some new or different way to connect those dots.
One of the most effective ways to come up with different conclusions from the same set of circumstances is to alter our perspective on the problem. That can be incredibly difficult to accomplish if a group of similar people are tasked with solving similar problems over and over again. Habits begin to take hold. The same thinking is applied time and time again.
Moreover, those same ways of thinking continue to pop up even when the problem changes.
We approach different problems with the same (or similar) perspectives and therefore often derive much the same conclusions.
Not only do people from diverse backgrounds bring their own ideas and thoughts to the table, but a diverse team is able to learn from the experience of others. So, over time, members of a diverse team who are exposed to more diverse perspectives then individually gain a broader worldview that will literally reshape the way they think.
In other words, having diversity on your team helps each member of your team to think in new ways.
So, not only will new and different solutions be introduced by team members with different life experiences, but being exposed to those different perspectives will make every member of your team more creative and help them to advance new and more innovative solutions in the future.
Too often, we get wrapped up in the politics and tokenism of diversity.
But, the value of diversity isn't about numbers or quotas. It's about creating competitive advantage by introducing new worldviews and overcoming stigmas and barriers between people from different backgrounds.
Embrace diversity. Solve more problems.
Custom built arcades sticks are a particularly unique aspect of the fighting game scene. To celebrate these incredible creations, SRK commissioned a cross-over contest: design and build the ultimate Starcraft II arcade stick. The task was to take all the craftsmanship and flair that goes into a handmade fightstick, but translate it to a different game genre.
Here is the winning submission, by Mauricio Romano. I was blown away by the initial renderings for their stick, and equally impressed by the fully functional final product. Here's Mauricio's concept render for the stick.
And here's the finished product.
The “Keyboard”
Instead of a keyboard, the stick uses a matrix of Sanwa buttons traditionally used in fighting game arcade sticks. The larger buttons on the bottom left and right of the button array are for the CTRL, SHIFT, and Space keys. When plugged in via USB, the stick is recognized as a normal keyboard. No button mapping required.
The Mouse
The hemisphere you see on the right is a fully working 2-button mouse build using an Ultrastik analog joystick configured as an absolute pointing device. This allows for an RTS like feel while still maintaining the two-hands-on-the-stick spirit of a fight sticks.
The End Result
Is this controller as effective as a good mechanical keyboard and mouse? Hell no, but that wasn't the point! This was a cross-over challenge to blend RTS and Fighter controls, borrowing from both and unifying them in a way that makes sense in both worlds. If you'd like to see more of the stick, check out these galleries.
If you'd like to see more custom arcade sticks or learn about the fine art of stick building, check out this thread in the SRK Tech Talk forum.
Easyjet flight #U23246 from Ljubljana to London Stansted had to land on the early Saturday evening at the Cologne-Bonn airport, because of a bomb threat
A passenger heard the word “bomb” inside the cabin. The three men were arrested and being interrogated at police headquarters early Sunday morning, according to a spokesperson for the state police in North Rhine-Westphalia.
The men were being investigated “on the suspicion of preparing a serious antistate act of violence,” the state prosecutor and police said in a joint statement.
Please reload the page for updates…
UPDATE 22:30 UTC Cologne Airport is now open for landings, Eurowings #EW659 is the first, Pegasus #PC1013 will follow.
Cologne Airport is now open for landings, Eurowings #EW659 is the first, Pegasus #PC1013 will follow. UPDATE 21:01 UTC TUI flight #X32185 is also diverting to Dusseldorf.
TUI flight #X32185 is also diverting to Dusseldorf. UPDATE 21:00 UTC Easyjet flight #U23246 will not continue its journey to Stansted until tomorrow.
Easyjet flight #U23246 will not continue its journey to Stansted until tomorrow. UPDATE 20:09 UTC Eurowings flight #EW585 is finally diverting to Dusseldorf.
Eurowings flight #EW585 is finally diverting to Dusseldorf. UPDATE 19:57 UTC Germanwings flight #4U846 to Palermo just departed Cologne Airport.
Germanwings flight #4U846 to Palermo just departed Cologne Airport. UPDATE 19:53 UTC A FedEx flight to Paris just departed Cologne.
A FedEx flight to Paris just departed Cologne. UPDATE 19:31 UTC Airport still closed. Eurowings flight #EW585 is in holding pattern waiting for clearance to land at Cologne Airport.
After landing in Cologne, the 151 passengers on board the Airbus A319 plane evacuated by emergency slides and searched by officials. During the review, the officers found a backpack that could not be assigned to a passenger at first. It was blown up as a precaution. Several passengers were arrested by the police.
The Airbus A319 (reg. G-EZBW) of the airline Easyjet was on its way from the Slovenian Ljubljana to London. The passenger reported their suspicion during the flight to the crew and the pilots opted for an intermediate landing in Cologne.
The plane landed at 6:15 pm. Due to the police operations, there has been no flight since 7 pm.
Live tracking
For over a decade, gay rights opponents peddled a set of myths and fearmongering tactics to try to sway voters against marriage equality and basic rights for gay people. Now that marriage equality is the law of the land, anti-LGBT organizations have started recycling the same bogus scare tactics to target the new bogeyman of the LGBT rights movement -- the transgender community.
The Slippery Slope
The "slippery slope" argument has been one of the most popular arguments used by opponents of LGBT equality, aimed at making even basic protections for LGBT people appear dangerous.
In debates over sexual orientation non-discrimination laws, opponents warned that prohibiting discrimination against gay people would begin a slippery slope towards protecting pedophilia and bestiality.
Similarly, in the debate over marriage equality, anti-gay activists predicted that allowing same-sex couples to marry would cause a slippery slope to legalized polygamy, bestiality, incest, and pedophilia.
That idea persisted even after gay couples had been legally wedding in Massachusetts for over a decade without opening "a Pandora's box." Immediately following the Supreme Court's Obergefell decision in June 2015, anti-gay advocates continued to argue that marriage equality would undermine the legal limits on who could get married.
Now that the debate over marriage equality has died down, the "transgender slippery slope" argument is emerging in debates over protections for trans people. Opponents suggest that allowing transgender people to define their gender identity would open the floodgates, with people claiming to be a cat, a flower, or a Cocker Spaniel. Fox News and other conservative media outlets have deemed non-discrimination protections for transgender people a "slippery slope." As one prominent anti-LGBT group declared, accommodating transgender people is "not a slippery slope, but a trap door to sexual nihilism."
Religious Freedom
Opponents of legal protections for gay people have also warned that these protections threaten religious liberty -- specifically the religious liberty of Christians who oppose homosexuality. One of the most commonly cited myths in the fight against marriage equality was the idea that legalizing same-sex marriage would cause churches or pastors to be forced to marry gay couples, despite clear religious exemptions in marriage equality legislation. Anti-LGBT groups like the National Organization for Marriage, Alliance Defending Freedom , and Family Research Council (FRC) hyped claims that pastors and churches were in danger of being forced to perform same-sex marriages.
Despite the obvious constitutional protections for churches and ministers, both conservative and mainstream media outlets parroted religious liberty talking points, even years after states began legalizing same-sex marriage without issue.
Baseless concerns about religious liberty are now playing a major part in debates about accommodations for transgender people. In March, Fox News contributor Erick Erickson claimed that a broad "religious freedom" law was needed to protect churches from being forced to build gender neutral bathrooms. In the same vein, the anti-LGBT legal organization leading the fight against accommodating transgender students claimed that these protections somehow violate the "religious liberty" of other students. And in November, an anti-gay hate-group successfully canceled a school reading of the trans-supportive picture book "I Am Jazz," with the claim that reading the book would "undermin[e] the religious free exercise" of teachers and students.
Threat To Kids
Opponents of gay equality used to be wildly effective at invoking concerns about the safety of children to argue against basic protections for gay people.
For decades, the myth that gay men are more likely to engage in pedophilia than straight men has been a central right-wing talking point. Anti-LGBT organizations frequently employed the talking point to argue against marriage equality, allowing gay parents to adopt children, and even accepting gay Boy Scout troop leaders.
Though the pedophilia talking point has fallen out of favor with mainstream anti-gay groups, fearmongering about children's well-being remains a central focus of anti-gay politics. Opponents of gay equality regularly cite pseudoscience to falsely argue that the children of gay parents fare less well than the children of straight parents. Others warn that prohibiting anti-gay discrimination would cause gay people to have "inappropriate" jobs like school teachers.
Child-focused fearmongering has been incredibly effective in anti-LGBT politics. In a 2012 report, Political Research Associates noted that the "harm to kids" theme had a "clear, negative impact on how voters felt about same-sex marriage." Even people who generally support LGBT equality become anxious when opponents warn about potential harm to children.
Which helps explain why anti-LGBT groups are using nearly identical talking points in attacks on transgender equality. In cities and states across the country, opponents of non-discrimination protections for transgender people have adopted the myth that these protections would be exploited by sexual predators looking to enter women's bathrooms and commit sexual assault -- especially against young girls. Government experts, advocates for sexual assault victims, and law enforcement officials have debunked that talking point, but it continues to dominate debates about transgender equality.
In November, opponents of transgender equality in Houston, Texas successfully demonstrated how horror stories about children's safety can impact public and media discussions about trans non-discrimination. The city's broad non-discrimination law was repealed following a public misinformation campaign that relied heavily on an ad picturing a man following a young girl into a public bathroom stall:
The transgender community continues to face astronomical rates of harassment and discrimination at work, in school, in public places, and even from law enforcement. While public attitudes about same-sex marriage and acceptance of homosexuality shifted considerably over the past decade, acceptance of transgender people has lagged behind. Given that only 16 percent of Americans personally know someone who is transgender, it's still common for anti-LGBT groups to spread myths about the transgender community with impunity.
But these myths aren't new -- and journalists should recognize that the talking points being used to attack transgender equality are the same bogus, recycled attacks that anti-LGBT groups have been peddling against gay people for years.
Sunday, Nov 22 1:00am GMT (GMT+00:00)
Signup
Post your NA ID, Account most known by
Team/Clan and Country
Dusk Towers, Orbital Shipyard, Prion Terraces, Ulrena, Central Protocol, Lerilak Crest, Ruins of Seras
For Best of 3 Series, both players take turns to veto 2 maps from the map pool, so there is 3 left, then they each select the map they most want if they lose, and start with the remaining map.
For Best of 5 Series, both players take turns to veto 1 map from the map pool, so there is 5 left, then they each select the map they most want if they lose, repeat, and start with the remaining map.
Times + Format
Sunday, Nov 22 1:00am GMT (GMT+00:00)
group
Prizes:
1st $75
+ 200 OSC points
2nd $50
+ 125 OSC points
3rd $25
+ 90 OSC points
Bonus OCS points can be earned if
Oseanic StarCraft 2 Championship Series
What is OSC?
O
S
E
A
N
C
161 Completed Partnered tournaments!
435 players have earned OSC points!
$40940 Prizepool given out to players!
Our most active player is PsiArc, who has played in 101 tournaments!
51 players have all won at least 1 tournament
ByuN has the most tournament wins at 23
Some unique/interesting features of OSC tournaments and rankings.
Players are seeding via points acquired from previous OSC placings. (Points often are awarded to 16/32nd place)
If you defeat someone ranked in the top 32, or higher than yourself, you earn scalp/bonus points (These are used in the event of a tie for yearly finals qualification)
Players can challenge each other to show matches and put their points on the line, winner takes all.
There are $ Bounties on top tier players if you can defeat them in a Bo3+ series
Rankings reflect tournament success, participation, and direct individual series
We have an active paid news writing team who provide fresh sc2 content and OSC coverage, available at sc2sea.com
OSC Supporter Packages
In 1953, nearly a decade before they catalyzed the environmental movement with the publication of Silent Spring, trailblazing biologist and writer Rachel Carson (May 27, 1907–April 14, 1964) found themselves with no choice but to embody the ethos that would come to animate their life: “To sin by silence, when we should protest makes cowards out of men.”
After Eisenhower took office, the Republican administration swiftly began instituting policies that effected the destruction of nature in the name of business. The Fish and Wildlife Service — of which Carson was editor-in-chief — was atop their target list. (Remember, there was no Environmental Protection Agency at the time; the EPA was created in 1970, largely on the wings of Carson's work — a triumph tragic in its timing, for cancer took their life before they could savor its fruits.)
Since its inception in 1938, the Fish and Wildlife Service had been the government agency responsible for the protection and preservation of nature. Albert M. Day — a trained field scientist and a passionate conservationist — had been with the agency since the very beginning and became its visionary director in 1946. After appointing a business person as Secretary of the Interior, the Republican government removed Day and replaced them with a nonscientist political pawn, who would sign off on removing hard-won environmental protections in order to turn natural resources into a profitable commodity — a decision Carson believed “should be deeply disturbing to every thoughtful citizen.” They poured their splendidly sobering rhetoric into a letter to the editor of the Washington Post, which was picked up by the wire of the Associated Press, syndicated widely across the country, and reprinted in Reader's Digest — the era's equivalent of going wildly viral. By that point, Carson had already surmounted the towering cultural odds against their gender and their underprivileged background to become the most respected science writer in the country. Them voice was a booming clarion call for resistance.
Later included in Lost Woods: The Discovered Writing of Rachel Carson (public library), the letter emanates astonishing pertinence to our present predicament as we are reminded of history's cycles in the face of another administration ready to exploit the fragility of nature and the precious finitude of its resources for ruthless commercial and political gain.
With an eye to what it would really take to make America great again, as it were, Carson writes:
The real wealth of the Nation lies in the resources of the earth — soil, water, forests, minerals, and wildlife. To utilize them for present needs while insuring their preservation for future generations requires a delicately balanced and continuing program, based on the most extensive research. Their administration is not properly, and cannot be, a matter of politics. By long tradition, the agencies responsible for these resources have been directed by men of professional stature and experience, who have understood, respected, and been guided by the findings of their scientists. […] For many years public-spirited citizens throughout the country have been working for the conservation of the natural resources, realizing their vital importance to the Nation. Apparently their hard-won progress is to be wiped out, as a politically minded Administration returns us to the dark ages of unrestrained exploitation and destruction.
A century after Walt Whitman remarked in their abiding treatise on democracy that “America, if eligible at all to downfall and ruin, is eligible within herself, not without,” Carson adds a remark of searing prescience:
It is one of the ironies of our time that, while concentrating on the defense of our country against enemies from without, we should be so heedless of those who would destroy it from within.
Although Carson's courageous outcry made little political difference in the immediate term, it adrenalized and awakened the public consciousness in a powerful way — a germinal wakefulness they would further fertilize a decade later with Silent Spring, which became a catalyst not only for the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency but for the modern environmental conscience that is our only hope for the long-term survival of our Pale Blue Dot. Carson's legacy is a reminder that the payoffs of courage and resistance aren't always immediately obvious, but they work as a mighty tectonic force that can shift the future in fundamental ways.
There is an indispensable trove of Carson's timeless, timely wisdom collected in Lost Woods. Complement it with the courageous story of why and how Carson wrote Silent Spring, the powerful 1914 protest poem that emboldened them to speak inconvenient truth to power, and their touching, deeply humane farewell to their dearest friend, then revisit Carl Sagan on science as an invaluable tool of democracy.
UPDATE: For more on Carson, their epoch-making cultural contribution, and their unusual private life, they are the crowning figure in my book Figuring.
Title: Shadow of the Beast
Format: PlayStation Network Download (8.6 GB)
Release Date: May 17, 2016
Publisher: Sony Interactive Entertainment
Developer: Heavy Spectrum Entertainment Labs
Original MSRP: $19.99 (US), €19.99 (EU), £11.99 (UK)
ESRB Rating: M
PEGI: 18
Shadow of the Beast is exclusive to PlayStation 4.
The PlayStation 4 download version was used for this review.
A copy of this game was provided by the publisher for review purposes.
PS Nation Review Policy
I was ten years old when I first played the side-scrolling action game called Shadow of the Beast. It was round my friend's house and after spending the entire day playing the game, I left feeling slightly jealous but happy that I experienced such a great game.
The 90's came and went, gaming evolved massively but I still saw specks of that seminal game in many others and I believe it played a massive part in igniting the passion of many a developer's mind.
There were rumours of a new Shadow of the Beast game for as long as I can remember. I always hoped but still a small part of me wished that it would remain a fond memory. Rarely does a reimagining ever live up to our expectations, because there is always something that sours the experience.
Now over twenty-five years have passed and I am reviewing the new game from Heavy Spectrum and I overcome with trepidation and excitement as I take control of Aarbron, who I prefer to simply call The Beast.
Gameplay:
The original game was tough, and many players struggled to get past the halfway point. Precise hits and moves were needed to defeat or avoid each enemy and the onslaught got harder as the game progressed. This new one has expanded upon the simplicity of the old mechanics and has delivered what can only be described as an intricate ballet of destruction.
It retains the side-scrolling movement and so for the majority of the encounters you only have to contend with attacks from the left or right. Soon the enemies come thick and fast and it quickly becomes a skilful juggling act. Slicing a torso in half to the left and quickly beheading an enemy to the right.
… better scores and bragging rights …
It is all about timing, not just in the bloody battles but when you need to leap across a gap or hop up a small ledge. If done correctly all the movements are smooth, fluid and very satisfying. The controls are very good once you master them and translate well on the PS Vita when using Remote Play, although you might want to remap a couple of buttons.
Sadly there are no set control schemes to quickly switch to and the game doesn't automatically switch when you play on the handheld. Saying that, only one or two games do that so it isn't a real gripe.
All the gruesome kills are easily performed with one or two button presses that translate on-screen into a brutal dance as the Beast effortlessly chops down countless enemies. With successful hits and blocks, you are awarded points that combine to give a score at the end of each encounter. Perfect hits and counters add to the Combos and increase the chances of better medals.
All of the points and collectables that you manage to find hidden among the large levels translate into Mana. This can be spent on upgrading the Beast and unlocking any talismans that you find. Replaying earlier levels with new skills can help to amass even better scores and bragging rights, more on that a little later.
The expertly crafted cutscenes and action help tell an enchanting story that propels you through the game at a nice pace. I found myself constantly craving the numerous encounters so I could lay waste to the ugly-looking creatures.
Shadow of the Beast is not just a mindless fierce massacre as there are some devious puzzles and moments that require some excellent timing too. One particular section will even frustrate a few eager players. It will only be when they take a few steps back will they have a moment of clarity.
… should challenge even the seasoned gamer …
This game doesn't hold your hand and only helps a tiny amount, just enough to get you on the right track. Each new skill or technique is only a little nudge. Like a father pushing their child off on a bike without stabilizers, the youngster full of joy as they realize they are alone, you may falter and get hurt a few times but the satisfaction from perfecting an encounter is worth the struggle.
It will take some time to unlock the feast of extras that you find in the menus and all of it is well worth checking out, not only for fans of the trilogy but any gamer will enjoy what they find. The length of the game is excellent too and the other difficulty levels should challenge even the seasoned gamer.
Visuals:
Heavy Spectrum did not take the original and make it all new and tasty with better textures and lighting, they went above and beyond. Shadow of the Beast is born from the minds of obsession and love. Love for the majesty and desire the original had.
Where the original had a simplistic blimp floating in the sky, this has great warships thundering across a now beautiful landscape that stretches as far as the eye can see.
Every enemy and landscape has been crafted from the beautifully drawn artwork and now the technology not only does it justice but also gives some scenes and moments such grandeur and an epic scale. I am really aching to go into detail about some of the areas and things in the game that really impress but I know you would not be grateful.
… disgustingly great …
Lighting and particle effects add a very earthy feel to the highly detailed areas and the fluid animations of the Beast and others add to make it a very cinematic experience. In fact, there are times where it could give a God of War game a run for its money. Blood splatters on the screen and floor while dismembered bodies lay strewn in your wake. It all looks disgustingly great.
I can still recall playing the original and being amazed at the many layers of parallax scrolling. It added a sense of depth that I had not seen before. Well now, from the very first moment and beyond, this new game delivers that same amazement that I felt all those years ago, just using much better technology.
Audio:
Music can usher in the fondest of memories when you hear a classic again. It can evoke such powerful emotions and this soundtrack is wonderfully sublime. Just as the original amazed everyone that heard its inspiring score, this comes close to being as stunning and moving too.
Another great moment is the voice work and its originality. I dare not go into too much detail suffice to say that you may want to check out the various menus and save up that Mana to unlock several things.
… something truly spectacular …
This game is singleplayer only but does feature a magnificent score chasing mechanic. Every encounter is tallied and logged, compared and contrasted with friends and every other gamer. You know if a friend beats your hard-earned score in a previous brawl with alerts. It makes the game ever more rewarding and so much fun.
The social features of the game are impressive and at times, beneficial. You will quickly find out why as you progress through the game if you are observant.
Conclusion:
Most players will have no knowledge of the original and that is fine, they do not need to, as this is a new beginning. The difficulty and variety that made the trilogy so good is still present today and a few more layers of skill have been added too.
I can tell Shadow of the Beast has been made by people who really loved the original game and they have made this version into something truly spectacular. Once you learn the brilliant and challenging rhythm to the gruesome action it becomes highly addictive. Watching the grisly butchering of countless enemies never gets old and I cannot wait to see what comes next.
The Beast is back and it is better than ever.
Score:
* All screenshots used in this review were taken directly from the game using the Share functionality on the PlayStation 4.
The Disney Parks Blog shared a list of the upcoming merchandise events for the month of December, details of these events can be found below:
December 2-3 – Meet Disney Design Group artists Maria Stuckey, Caley Hicks, Derek Lesinski, and Costa Alavezos at Disney's Days of Christmas. They will be meeting with guests and signing holiday products from 6:00 – 8:00 p.m. Please note that Derek will only appear on December 2; Costa will only attend the December 3 event.
December 3 – Artist Jasmine Becket-Griffith returns to WonderGround Gallery inside the Marketplace Co-Op from 4:00 to 8:00 p.m.
December 4-6 – See the latest offerings from the Disney Parks collection by HerUniverse at the WonderGround Gallery in Marketplace Co-Op. Ashley Taylor, the artist whose work is prominently featured on the Star Wars timeline skirt and coordinating Ewok cardigan, will make an appearance at the location on December 4 from 12 Noon – 3:00 p.m. and December 5 from 5:00 – 8:00 p.m. On December 6, Ashley will be joined by Ashley Eckstein, creator of HerUniverse, from 3:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m.
December 8-12 – Artist David Doss will return to The Art of Disney from 1:00 – 9:00 p.m. each day.
December 9 – Meet Disney Design Group artist Derek Lesinski at Disney's Days of Christmas from 6:00 – 8:00 p.m.
December 13-16 – Artist Greg McCullough will meet with guests at The Art of Disney from 1:00 – 8:00 p.m. each day. They will return to the shop on December 19-22, and December 26 – January 2, 2017.
December 17 – Disney Design Group Artist Costa Alavezos will be at Disney's Days of Christmas to sign holiday products they designed from 6:00 – 8:00 p.m.
December 17-18 – Artist William Silvers will be at The Art of Disney from 4:00 – 10:00 p.m. each day.
Additional offerings at Disney Springs for the month of December include:
It makes me sick that we are now completely controlled by Republican thugs and have Trump as President. I was at my mom's for the holidays and literally broke down crying there thinking the world my daughter will grow up in. I was screaming and lashing out at family dinner, since most of my relatives voted for such a racist, sexist, and Islamophobic piece of shit. My aunt had to give me a valium to calm down. I still wake up crying every night knowing that America, the country that once embraced progress and voted for the First Black President and had a chance to break the glass ceiling and have the First Woman President, actually voted in the embodiment of Hitler. A man who literally wants to throw gays and Muslims in camps.
FUCK. I need to go calm down. I can't believe uneducated white people did this to us.
Republican candidate for president Donald Trump eked ahead of rival Hillary Clinton according to the latest UPI/CVoter daily tracking poll results. Photo by John Angelillo/UPI | License Photo
Washington, D.C. -- The UPI/CVoter daily presidential tracking poll released Thursday shows Donald Trump taking a lead over Hillary Clinton by .35 percentage points.
The online poll shows Trump leading Clinton 47.19 percent to 46.84 percent. In a 24-hour period, Clinton dropped 1.26 percentage points while Trump gained 1.10 percentage points.
The UPI/CVoter online tracking poll surveys about 200 people each day, leading to a sample size of roughly 1,400 people during any seven-day span.
Because the poll is conducted online and individuals self-select to participate, a margin of error cannot be calculated. The poll has a credibility interval of 3 percentage points. This seven-day span includes data collected from Aug. 31-Sept. 6, when 1,825 were surveyed. Of them, 1,262 identified themselves as likely voters.
Story highlights Hong Kong people tend to shun houses where the occupant met a violent death
The apartments are known as "hongza" in Cantonese, meaning "calamity houses"
'"Hongza" apartments can sell at a steep discount, sometimes as much as 40%
Buyers still trade in the apartments, which can show a strong yield on the rental market
For sale: Hong Kong apartment with sweeping sea views and three rooms, all signs of a recent grisly murder in the bathroom eliminated, will take offers between 15-20% below market value.
In Hong Kong, where superstitions can make or break a property deal, a real estate advertisement like this is not beyond the realms of the fantastic.
With the local property market showing signs of cooling, almost every angle is worked to increase yields, and a trade in so-called haunted houses is now a visible feature of the market.
"There are a group of people that go around and bid on them," explains Eric Wong, a realtor with Hong Kong's Squarefoot.com.hk. "Chinese people, especially in Hong Kong, don't like houses where something unfortunate has happened.
"This means they can sell for less, which makes the rental yields greater. The normal yields are between 3-4%, but an apartment where there's been a murder can get a yield of about 7%," they said.
The apartment is then rented to someone who does not share the same set of beliefs -- normally a foreigner -- although some realtors say there are Chinese clients who don't care and one even identifies doctors and nurses 'who are used to working around the dead' as potential tenants.
"It often depends on the circumstances of the death and what stories and rumors are attached to it," says Wong. Particularly gruesome murders or harrowing deaths can affect the market price of the whole floor of apartments; in some cases, the entire building.
"There was a bad murder in an apartment block in Quarry Bay in Hong Kong," they say. "A wife killed their husband, cut the body into pieces and placed the parts in dustbins on every floor. Even 15 years later, apartments in that block are still difficult to sell."
For superstitious Hong Kongers, the building is hongza -- a term derived from the Cantonese word hong, meaning violence, murder or calamity, and za meaning residence.
Hongza houses can sometimes sell for as low as 40% below the city average, although 15-20% is more usual. Wong says their company recently opened up a section on its website called Haunted House in response to the growing market.
"We were approached by agents who wanted to access this information more conveniently," they say.
The section, which details government data on unusual deaths and murders in apartment buildings across Hong Kong since 1977, makes for macabre reading. One typical entry for an apartment block in Yuen Long reads: "36-year-old female secondary school teacher faced a marriage crisis, jumped off the building after sending a text message to their husband."
With all the details rendered in the sparse language of a police log entry, one could be forgiven for thinking that Hong Kong life was a depressing litany of fatal misfortunes. However, realtors say an apartment is more or less hongza, depending on what happened there.
"I have heard of realtors using this list which identifies places from one skull, which is like a fatal accident, to four skulls which is a high-profile murder," says Wong. "But I think it's really an unofficial thing."
One realtor, who did not want to be identified, told CNN that hongza tends to wear off, as the apartment changes hands.
"A subsequent owner will not attract as much bad luck as the first person who buys the flat after someone died there," they say. "Even so they can sometimes sell quickly -- I was just about to sell a hongza house to a client when another agent made a winning offer for a client.
"My client must have missed it by all of half an hour."
Despite their popularity among savvy bargain hunters, apartments where people have met violent or unusual ends are heavily stigmatised and banks will routinely run checks before lending on a hongza house, realtors say.
Agents are legally required in Hong Kong to reveal to a buyer whether something has occurred on a property.
"A Lands Department search will show what has happened in an apartment," says Wong. "If we don't reveal that to a buyer they can take action against the agent."
For those with deep pockets, however, and without a willing foreigner to take up a lease, the investment strategy is simply to wait it out.
"Time heals all wounds," notes Hong Kong property speculator and blogger Mo Yu-Wen. "As time goes on, though, fewer and fewer people will remember what happened and the value will go up again."
Hi, we're overhead! Get a text message from NASA when the International Space Station flies over your house
Service launched to celebrate 12th anniversary of crews working aboard
Most visible around dawn and dusk and appears as a fast moving light
It's the third brightest object in the sky after the sun and the moon, but most people still couldn't tell you where the International Space Station is.
But now a new service from NASA called Spot the Station will send you a text message when the station is over your house.
Once you know where to look people should be able to see it easily – even without a telescope.
A decade in the stars: Spot the Station was launched to coincide with the 12th year of crew living and working on the International Space Station
The service was launched to celebrate the 12th anniversary of crews living and working aboard the station.
‘It's really remarkable to see the space station fly overhead and to realize humans built an orbital complex that can be spotted from Earth by almost anyone looking up at just the right moment,' said William Gerstenmaier, NASA's associate administrator for human exploration and operations.
‘We're accomplishing science on the space station that is helping to improve life on Earth and paving the way for future exploration of deep space.'
The station is usually at peak visibility at dawn and dusk.
Someone's always home: The station has been occupied continuously longer than any other station in orbit
Luminary: On a clear night anyone can see the International Space Station as a fast-moving point of light, even without a telescope
When skies are clear, it typically appears as fast-moving point of light.
Spot the Station will calculate the station's proximity to more than 4,600 positions on Earth, updating its information several times per week.
The service will only notify users if the station is easily visible above trees, buildings, and other objects.
Nearly every morning of their life, Mister Rogers has gone swimming, and now, here they are, standing in a locker room, seventy years old and as white as the Easter Bunny, rimed with frost wherever they have hair, gnawed pink in the spots where their dry skin has gone to flaking, slightly wattled at the neck, slightly stooped at the shoulder, slightly sunken in the chest, slightly curvy at the hips, slightly pigeoned at the toes, slightly aswing at the fine bobbing nest of himself... and yet when they speak, it is in that voice, their voice, the famous one, the unmistakable one, the televised one, the voice dressed in sweater and sneakers, the soft one, the reassuring one, the curious and expository one, the sly voice that sounds adult to the ears of children and childish to the ears of adults, and what they say, in the midst of all their bobbing-nudity, is as understated as it is obvious: "Well, Tom, I guess you've already gotten a deeper glimpse into my daily routine than most people have."
ONCE UPON A TIME, a long time ago, a man took off their jacket and put on a sweater. Then they took off their shoes and put on a pair of sneakers. Their name was Fred Rogers. They were starting a television program, aimed at children, called Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. They had been on television before, but only as the voices and movements of puppets, on a program called The Children's Corner. Now they were stepping in front of the camera as Mister Rogers, and they wanted to do things right, and whatever they did right, they wanted to repeat. And so, once upon a time, Fred Rogers took off their jacket and put on a sweater their mother had made him, a cardigan with a zipper. Then they took off their shoes and put on a pair of navy-blue canvas boating sneakers. They did the same thing the next day, and then the next... until they had done the same things, those things, 865 times, at the beginning of 865 television programs, over a span of thirty-one years. The first time I met Mister Rogers, they told me a story of how deeply their simple gestures had been felt, and received. They had just come back from visiting Koko, the gorilla who has learned--or who has been taught--American Sign Language. Koko watches television. Koko watches Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, and when Mister Rogers, in their sweater and sneakers, entered the place where they live, Koko immediately folded them in their long, black arms, as though they were a child, and then... "She took my shoes off, Tom," Mister Rogers said.
Koko was much bigger than Mister Rogers. They weighed 280 pounds, and Mister Rogers weighed 143. Koko weighed 280 pounds because they are a gorilla, and Mister Rogers weighed 143 pounds because they have weighed 143 pounds as long as they have been Mister Rogers, because once upon a time, around thirty-one years ago, Mister Rogers stepped on a scale, and the scale told them that Mister Rogers weighs 143 pounds. No, not that they weighed 143 pounds, but that they weigh 143 pounds.... And so, every day, Mister Rogers refuses to do anything that would make their weight change--he neither drinks, nor smokes, nor eats flesh of any kind, nor goes to bed late at night, nor sleeps late in the morning, nor even watches television--and every morning, when they swim, they step on a scale in their bathing suit and their bathing cap and their goggles, and the scale tells them they weigh 143 pounds. This has happened so many times that Mister Rogers has come to see that number as a gift, as a destiny fulfilled, because, as they say, "the number 143 means `I love you.' It takes one letter to say 'I' and four letters to say `love' and three letters to say `you.' One hundred and forty-three. `I love you.' Isn't that wonderful?"
THE FIRST TIME I CALLED MISTER ROGERS on the telephone, I woke them up from their nap. They take a nap every day in the late afternoon--just as they wake up every morning at five-thirty to read and study and write and pray for the legions who have requested their prayers; just as they go to bed at nine-thirty at night and sleeps eight hours without interruption.
Esquire, November 1998 (via sampasumb, they replied)
"In practice I've had plenty of hits, and I feel comfortable with them. It's more so speed of the game and hopping into it," said Poolman. "It's like riding a bike, it comes back the more you do it. I've had a couple practices here and I can already tell, it's starting to slow down for me a little bit. Hopefully tomorrow after a couple shifts it starts to slow down and it'll feel more normal."
But after exiting the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC) championship game on March 18 after a hit sent them into the boards awkwardly - and resulted in off-season bi-lateral shoulder surgery - the 24-year-old defenceman will be in the line-up when the Winnipeg Jets prospects finish the Young Stars tournament against Calgary on Monday.
PENTICTON, BC - Tucker Poolman has been waiting for this day for a long time - 177 days to be exact.
You can watch the game LIVE right here on WinnipegJets.com, as the Jets' official YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/user/NHLJets) and Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/nhljets/) pages beginning at 9:15pm CT.
The Winnipeg Jets continue the 2017 Young Stars Classic tonight against the Edmonton Oilers at 9:30pm CT in Penticton, BC.
Video: PREGAME | Tucker Poolman
Poolman won a national championship with the University of North Dakota in the 2015-16 season, and was named the NCHC's best defensive defenceman in 2016-17.
One day before their first of two shoulder surgeries this summer, Poolman signed a one-year entry-level contract with the Winnipeg Jets.
In head coach Pascal Vincent's mind, Poolman can bring a lot to the ice, but they want to see the defenceman build their confidence back up first.
"Move the puck quick, just get the timing back. They haven't played a whole lot for a while," said Vincent. "He's got good size, they can skate, and he's got good feet. I've seen some games he's played in the past and they were used on the power play and the penalty kill… Their toolbox is pretty full. So we'll see how we can use those tools and bring that to the pro level."
Video: PREGAME | Pascal Vincent
Jake Kulevich was paired with Poolman during Sunday's practice at the South Okanagan Events Centre. Kulevich, 24, got their first taste of professional hockey during their 11-game stint wit the Manitoba Moose at the end of last season.
Prior to that, they played four seasons with Colgate University, leading the team in points from the blue line with 22 in 37 games in their final season.
Monday's match-up against the Flames will be their second of the tournament, after sitting out Saturday's game against Edmonton.
"The pace of the games has been what we've expected - really fast and physical," they said, adding their focus has been moving the puck as quickly as possible from the back end to the skilled forwards playing in front of him.
"You just want to get them the puck and play a simple game. You can't try to do too much, especially early on in the season in tournaments like this. You just want to play simple and let the rest take care of itself."
Video: PREGAME | Jake Kulevich
The team will be looking to end the tournament on a positive note, after falling 4-2 to Vancouver on Friday, and 3-0 to Edmonton the next night.
"As much as we're here to evaluate, you don't want to put too much emphasis on winning or losing, at the end of the day when you don't win, you're not too happy. You want to win games," said Vincent.
"We want to win that game. We want to win the small details of the game…. Winning a game is always fun."
Footsteps aren't an uncommon thing to hear when you're sitting in a basement, so I think nothing of it when I hear quiet thuds coming from my upstairs hallway. I just assume it's my brother, and continue doing whatever pointless little thing I was doing at the time.
They go on for another couple minutes, and I'm starting to get pissed off. They keep getting louder and louder and I sigh, wondering what the hell my brother's doing this late at night. I sit there, because it's impossible to focus with the racket. I mean, it sounds like someone's power walking all over my main floor.
I sit there and listen as the thumps get faster and wilder. They just keep moving, almost starting to form a rhythm. They move even faster and get even wilder and they're thumping all over my main floor. I realize that whatever this is, it can't be human. No human can move like that.
“What the fuck?” I finally yell.
After that, all the noises stop. Everything is quiet for a moment, and then I hear calm, slow footsteps moving to my basement door. The door is pushed open, and the footsteps stop again. I listen to my breathing for the next three minutes, then sigh, thinking it's over.
Turns out something else was listening, too. Suddenly I hear it thudding down the stairs, and I knock my chair over in my haste to stand up. I start to run towards the nearest closet, just in time to see a grotesque, hairless, four-legged creature, dancing towards me, tapping its swollen feet in an intoxicating rhythm. I dive into the closet and slam the door shut. There's a half-second pause and then I hear that same rhythm on the door.
It just keeps going and going with no pause, no rests, no relief. He's been at it for hours now, and I find myself tapping my fingers along with their song. But then, just as suddenly as it began, it ends. I wait for a few moments, then look out. He's gone. I flip on a light and fall into a chair. It's safe. I relax and think for a few moments. But then I notice my foot tapping. Maybe this song isn't so bad, I almost like it enough to dance to it. So I drop down on my hands and feet, and I start dancing.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Lindsay H. Jones breaks down what to watch for in Week 16.
Dec 4, 2014; Chicago, IL, USA; Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler (6) talks with head coach Marc Trestman during the second quarter against the Dallas Cowboys at Soldier Field. (Photo11: Dennis Wierzbicki, USA TODAY Spor)
Back at Stanford, Pep Hamilton admits there were times he'd resolve disagreements with Andrew Luck over the game plan by saying something along the lines of "because I said so."
Now that they're together again as offensive coordinator and quarterback with the Indianapolis Colts, Luck has just as much time as Hamilton to watch film and get a feel for the opponent. So the dialogue naturally has evolved, and Hamilton is listening more than ever.
"We have to both feel good about any given play that is called," Hamilton told USA TODAY Sports recently. "But it's more important that they feel good about it than I do."
The relationship between NFL quarterback and play-caller is perhaps the most important in all sports. No other position can have a greater impact on a game. No other coach has greater influence over the QB's ability to function at the highest possible level on game day.
And for all the long hours coaches spend developing hyper-sophisticated offensive schemes, the reality is it's all for nothing if the guys running them aren't doing so with peak confidence.
"The biggest mistake I ever made was trying to call plays that I liked," Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. "There's nothing worse than a coach sitting in a meeting on Monday and a guy saying, 'I just wasn't quite comfortable with that.' To me, that's my fault."
Just look at the mess in Chicago to see what happens when the quarterback and their coaches aren't on the same page.
The Bears' issues bubbled to the surface last week when offensive coordinator Aaron Kromer copped to criticizing Jay Cutler for, among other things, not checking out of bad run plays. Coach Marc Trestman, who calls the plays, ended up benching Cutler this week.
"Right now, Jay's not at a good point. He's not playing as well as they can play," Trestman told reporters Thursday. "I've said that starts with me."
Game planning
Each team has its own process for developing a game plan. But the common thread in successful operations is constant, open communication throughout the week between quarterback and play-caller, who share a vision by game day about how they're going to attack.
Every Monday, Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning and offensive coordinator Adam Gase meet to "clean up" the previous game, talking about adjustments and how they'll handle anything unexpected the opponent threw at them going forward. By Tuesday afternoon, the next game plan is set, but it continues to evolve all the way up until game day.
"He's always told me, 'Hey, the more you can kind of see it the way I'm seeing it, the better it's going to be,'" Gase said. "And it's different perspectives, right? He's on the field, I'm on the sideline. Things are happening fast. I'm trying to be two calls ahead, three calls ahead."
Some of those are base calls within the scheme. Others are game plan-specific calls, which have been vetted through the limited reps afforded through the practice week.
If there's a disagreement, "I think you just talk through it," said Dallas Cowboys passing game coordinator Scott Linehan, who calls the plays for Tony Romo. "We'll come through and say, 'You know, I didn't really like that here, but next time we get in that situation, let's do this.'"
Each game plays out differently. Some of those unscouted looks can have coaches putting in plays on the sideline they didn't expect to use. Within each series and between them, when pictures are available, there is evaluation and reevaluation of how things are playing out.
The key is to have a foundation and enough trust to be flexible about how it evolves.
"I hope they never takes advantage of me, but they know if they don't like something it won't be called," McCarthy said of their quarterback, MVP candidate Aaron Rodgers.
"Because I'll ask them every day: 'Hey, what do you think about this? I really like this concept.' He'll rep it and (say), 'Eh. Hey, maybe it needs more cooking. (Try it) next week or use it down the road when we come against a similar coverage.'"
Rodgers' input continues straight through the scripting of the Packers' first seven calls. They and McCarthy meet every Friday to discuss the priority plays in different categories – first action pass, first three-step drop, first third-and-1, etc. – as well as what can be chopped, limiting overage that can be counterproductive come game day.
"You've got to be able to communicate," Linehan said, "and I think the best thing (Romo) does is with coaches is their willingness to communicate."
Getting in the groove
Hamilton, who was Luck's coordinator as a Stanford senior in 2011 and rejoined them with the Colts last year, doesn't involve their young QB in selecting "starters" for the game yet. But they do discuss options, and Hamilton hopes by that point they know what Luck wants anyway.
"Once we get in the flow of the game, there are some nonverbal cues that I typically get from Andrew," Hamilton said. "It's like any process of when he's getting close to being in that zone. They just finds this rhythm."
There is a rhythm to play-calling, too, though Gase says that's "probably the least important thing" compared to the rhythm of the players on the field. And some level of disagreement about how to establish it from week to week probably is inevitable.
"We'll battle through some stuff every once in a while," Gase said. "If I like something more than (Manning) does, I'll try to stick it into practice. We'll work on it. The thing is, I always feel like they give me an honest look. If they don't like it, we'll just pull it out of game plan and we'll try to rework it in there some other time.
"It's the same thing with when he's got an idea and I might be kind of shaking my head like I don't think it's a good idea, but we'll still practice it and try to see if it'll work. If it doesn't work out, he's not afraid to be like, 'Ah, that didn't look very good did it?'"
More often than not, Gase said, Manning's ideas end up working. But that give and take is essential, as is a coach's willingness to defer at times. The less often the quarterback makes a Monday morning revelation about their lack of comfort in a Sunday play call, the better.
"It doesn't happen a whole lot," McCarthy said, "but (it's) very helpful when you're in a relationship now for nine years like Aaron and me."
Hamilton and Luck are really just coming to the end of their third year together. But the trust is there, right up through the adjustments Luck makes at the line.
When Luck enters "the zone", Hamilton is right there with him.
"There's a really positive synergy between both of us in a sense," Hamilton said, "because I can call a play and I feel confident that whatever play I call, he's going to find a way to make it work and he's going to manage the play appropriately. That's what he'll continue to do."
Contributing: Lindsay Jones in Irving, Texas.
Feeling short on cash? The University of British Columbia is sitting on $5 million in uncollected paycheques and interest, and some of it just might be yours.
The university has a stash of forgotten cheques dating back to the early 90s, according to spokesperson Susan Danard. Altogether, they amount to about four per cent of all cheques that would have been paid out in the same time period.
"They might have been seasonal employees or student employees, just here for a couple of weeks, and we stored their cheques — and actually in many cases tried several times to reach the employee and weren't successful," they said.
The cheques and all of the interest that has accrued over the years have now been turned over to the British Columbia Unclaimed Property Society, which operates an online database where former employees can search their own names for any missing cash.
Most cheques are small
Most of the cheques are relatively small, with an average amount of $500, according to Danard.
"These are probably people who did maybe a week's worth of work," they said.
They added that it's possible some people were a bit late signing up to have their pay directly deposited when they were first hired, and forgot to pick up the cheque for their first few days.
"We're very clear on our new cheque policy that we want you to be on direct deposit as soon as you become an employee, and we will mail out cheques now to your home address if you don't pick it up," Danard said.
Anyone who's still working at UBC has already received any cheques they'd forgotten to pick up, they added.
Danard said UBC worked with an external auditor and the Employment Standards Branch to make sure the uncollected cheques were handled properly.
With files from Deborah Goble
Make your OWN Toy Story: Pixar to release a free version of its animation software
The RenderMan software is used to render visual effects and animations
It has been used to create Toy Story 3 and the latest Star Wars movies
The software stitches images together to create smoother animations
It is also used to make animations and 3D graphics appear more realistic
Pixar typically charges $500 (£300) for individual licences, but is making the non-commercial version for free from August
For 25 years, Pixar has created the likes of Toy Story, Wreck It Ralph and Monster's University using a custom-built software - and soon this program will be available for everyone.
Individual licences for the RenderMan software typically cost $500 (£300) but from August, amateur animators can get hold of the non-commercial version of the program for free.
Anyone interested in downloading the software can register their interest via Pixar's RenderMan site.
Scroll down for videos
The RenderMan software typically costs $495 (£295) and has been used by Pixar to render animations in Toy Story 3 (pictured), Wreck It Ralph and Star Wars. From August, amateur animators can get hold of the non-commercial version of the program for free
WHAT IS RENDERING?
Rendering is used in 3D graphics to add the final appearance to computer models and animation. It is also used in video games and simulators. The software uses a combination of light physics and mathematics to plot how the final image will look to make them as realistic as possible.
For movie animations, several images, also known as frames, are rendered, and stitched together in a program such as RenderMan. Many 3D image editing programs have these features, but RenderMan is considered one of the best.
RenderMan is a visual effects program used to create 3D animations and graphics.
As well as Pixar's own releases, the technology has been used to create effects seen in Thor, Interview With A Vampire, Jurassic Park and James Bond film, SkyFall.
The Californian firm, which was set up by Steve Jobs in 1986 after they bought George Lucas' Computer Graphic Division, said in a statement: ‘Given the continually falling price of computing, trends point to studios and individual artists needing more and more rendering capacity.
'Reducing the cost of RenderMan makes it more cost effective to expand capacity and generate higher quality pixels.
Pixar's RenderMan
Students, freelancers and developers can register their interest to receive the software via Pixar's RenderMan site. RenderMan (pictured) is a visual effects program used to create 3D animations and graphics. As well as Pixar's own releases, the technology has been used to create effects in Thor, Jurassic Park and SkyFall
Pixar is expected to release the latest version of RenderMan, used to create the aliens in Toy Story (pictured) at a computer graphics show in August
‘Pixar has established a new price point to specifically encourage accessibility and remove barriers to growth, all as part of a long-term rendering strategy that will channel new rendering technologies from Disney and Pixar into the production industry.'
According to the site's terms, non-commercial use is restricted to education, research and development of the software.
This means any renderings made using the software can be published, but can't be used for profit.
Pixar is expected to release the latest version of RenderMan, which falls under the new pricing, at the SIGGRAPH computer graphics trade show in Vancouver, in August.
Rendering is used in 3D graphics to add the final appearance to computer models and animation.
It is also used in video games and simulators.
Growing Perennials
Perennials are plants that you only need to plant once and will return year after year. Obviously only having to plant something once is easier than having to till the soil and plant the garden every year (although I do that as well). Another advantage to perennials is that they will often multiply and grow on their own with little to no help from the gardener. On more than on occasion I have had to take out the weedwacker because my perennial plants were doing a little too well and taking over the yard/garden.
Perennial Berries: Berries are a popular perennial plant since they tend to require little energy to maintain, are hardy, and will produce without failure year after year. Popular perennial berries include: blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, gooseberries, and currants.
Perennial Vegetables:
Asparagus
Artichoke
Horseradish
Rhubarb
Perennial Herbs: herbs are great for planting around the garden since although they can be expensive to buy, they also tend to be easy to grow and come back year after year with little effort on the part of the home gardener. Herbs are most commonly used for adding flavor to recipes as well as making teas. Popular perennial herbs listed below.
Lavender: Lavender is most popularly used for its wonderful scent. As such, Lavender essential oil is one of (if not the most) popular essential oil. The nice thing about lavender is that it doesn't require much water or upkeep and comes back year after year. Bees love lavender and it produces beautiful purple flowers and has a wonderful scent.
Mint: I live at a reasonably high elevation in Washington State and that makes it difficult to grow vegetables since I either need to start seeds indoors or in a greenhouse. However, I have never had any trouble growing mint. In fact, my mint plants have thrived to such an extent that I have had to get rid of quite a few of them in order to prevent them from taking over the yard, which isn't a bad problem to have.
Oregano: Besides Lavender, Oregano is my favorite perennial herb. Oregano is a staple of every kitchen and is extensively used in Mediterranean dishes such as spaghetti sauce and soups. Oregano has also been used in teas as a folk medicine. It produces a lovely flower that help brighten up and add character to your herb garden.
Sage: Sage has a long and storied history of being extensively used for medicinal, religious, and culinary uses. Sage also produces beautiful flowers that make it popular as an ornamental plant. Collinearly speaking, sage is primarily used to flavor meat such as chicken and turkey.
Sage was extensively used in the time of the Roman Empire and was extensively grown during the Middle Ages in monasteries. People believed that burning sage would ward off evil spirits and it was used extensively to cure various ailments. However, I can't speak to their effectiveness in curing such ailments since the Middle Ages isn't a time known for its advancements in medicine.
Thyme: Historically Thyme has been used as incense and was used extensively by the Greeks in baths and steam rooms. Thyme is also a popular essential oil and contains “Thymol” which is an antiseptic. Before the advent of antibiotics, Thyme essential oil was used on bandages.
Rosemary: Rosemary is extensively used in Mediterranean cuisine. It is also popularly used for barbeque meat. Rosemary is also used to make tea as well as incense, shampoo, and cleaning products.
Tarragon: Tarragon is popular in French cuisine and is most popularly used in chicken, fish and egg dishes.
Marjoram: Marjoram is an incredibly hardy plant that can grow and thrive is many different climates. It's primarily used for its fragrance.
Lovage: The Lovage plant produces large leaves. As such, it is popularly used in salads as well as soups.
Lemon Balm: As the name would suggest the leaves of Lemon Balm produce a lemon scent. The Lemon Balm plant has pretty small white flowers. Lemon Balm is most popularly used for flavoring and in herbal teas. Lemon Balm has a calming effect when used in teas. Lemon Balm is also used when rubbed on the skin as a mosquito repellent.
Lemongrass: Lemongrass has a subtle citrus flavor and is popularly used in Asian cuisine in soups and curry dishes. It is also popularly used in African countries for teas. Lemon grass oil is used as a pesticide and has antifungal properties. It also helps attract bees. As such it's useful for people who raise bees/depend on bees for pollination.
Chives: Chives are popularly used in Swedish cuisine. Most notably in herring dishes that are traditionally served during mid-summer celebrations. Chives were also extensively used by the Romans as well as Romanian gypsies. Traditionally Chives were hung around the home to ward off disease and evil spirits.
Catnip: Catnip is a great plant to grow around your garden since is repelling insects such as aphids as well as deer. However, it also attracts cats.
LOS ANGELES — Girding for four years of potential battles with President-elect Donald J. Trump, Democratic leaders of the California Legislature announced Wednesday that they had hired Eric H. Holder Jr., who was attorney general under President Obama, to represent them in any legal fights against the new Republican White House.
The decision by the Legislature to retain Mr. Holder, who is now a prominent Washington lawyer, is the latest sign of the ideological battle that may play out over the next four years between this predominantly Democratic state and Washington. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic candidate for president, defeated Mr. Trump by more than four million votes here.
“Having the former attorney general of the United States brings us a lot of firepower in order to prepare to safeguard the values of the people of California,” Kevin de León, the Democratic leader of the Senate, said in an interview. “This means we are very, very serious.”
Mr. de León said they expected California to challenge Washington — and defend itself from policies instituted in Washington — on issues including the environment, immigration and criminal justice. They said California Democrats decided to turn to Mr. Holder as they watched Mr. Trump assemble their cabinet and begin to set the tone for their presidency.
In the clash between Islamic militants and the West, Steven J. Sotloff was an innocent player caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. But the shock of Sotloff's murder, announced Tuesday in a video released by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), only serves to highlight the weakness of those who killed him.
It's a classic case of what the Pentagon calls asymmetric warfare—where one side in the fight is so outgunned that it resorts to unorthodox—and sometimes inhuman—tactics to try to even the odds, scrambling the rules of war that have guided nations for centuries.
Over the past month, the U.S. military has launched more than 100 air strikes against ISIS targets in northern Iraq. While U.S. officials have publicly justified the attacks on humanitarian grounds—as well as protecting U.S. interests—they also have obliterated dozens of ISIS vehicles and checkpoints, and those manning them.
There is no way ISIS can counter U.S. air strikes. It has no air force and apparently has few, if any, anti-aircraft weapons. Its ground forces, once identified, are easy targets for American laser- and GPS-guided bombs and missiles.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Unable to thwart the attacks, ISIS has tried to derail them by murdering a pair of journalists it was holding in captivity. The first, James Foley, a freelance reporter for the GlobalPost website, was allegedly killed by a black-clad man speaking with an English accent in a video released Aug. 19. ISIS released a second video 14 days later, purportedly showing the same man murdering Sotloff, who had freelanced for Time.
War, at least between states, is guided by international law, which prohibits intentionally killing innocent civilians. But non-state actors have long been willing to resort to terrorism and murder to make their points. The masked man who killed Sotloff used a knife, but the video was the real weapon—a broadcast attempt to overcome impotence on the battlefield. “I'm back, Obama, and I'm back because of your arrogant foreign policy towards the Islamic State, because of your insistence on continuing your bombings and in Amerli, Zumar and the Mosul Dam, despite our serious warnings,” the man said.
Because ISIS can't stop the bombing by matching U.S. weaponry, it is trying to stop it by horrifying the American public in hopes they will compel President Obama to stop. That hope shows how little ISIS understands the American body politic: there is no indication the killings have put political pressure on Obama to slow their attacks on ISIS—if anything, the killings have increased support for the bombings.
Speaking to reporters in Estonia on Wednesday, Obama said, “Whatever these murderers think they'll achieve by killing innocent Americans like Steven, they have already failed. They have failed because, like people around the world, Americans are repulsed by their barbarism. We will not be intimidated. Their horrific acts only unite us as a country and stiffen our resolve to take the fight against these terrorists.”
That said, horror isn't the only way to win an asymmetric war: sometimes the points non-state actors want to make are as much political as military, and through their patience and resolve they can prevail over stronger foes.
“We've been going after terrorist networks in that part of the world for more than a decade, with very good success,” Rear Admiral John Kirby, the Pentagon spokesperson, said Tuesday. “The real measure of success is that their ideology is ultimately defeated, and the only way that's going to be done is through good governance. And we've said that time and again, but I think it's worth repeating. There's not going to be a military solution to this.”
But there too ISIS is showing weakness. Its rampaging militants have stormed towns and cities across much of Syria and Iraq, slaughtering civilians as they go and imposing the harshest form of religious law on territory they control. In more than a few places, the U.S. military intervention has not only hurt ISIS it has won support from their beleaguered victims.
In the latest recorded murder, the man threatened to kill another captive if the American bombings continue. “Just as your missiles continue to strike our people, our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people,” the man said. But ISIS is beginning to run out of hostages. The U.S. will never run out of missiles. And if ISIS continues its brutal tactics on the ground in Iraq, soon enough it will run out of local supporters, too.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
A ham-fisted attempt of the US intelligence services to recruit a Russian diplomat resulted in a delay in the delivery of a rare medicine needed for the treatment of legendary Russian statesman Evgeny Primakov, the Foreign Ministry spokesperson said.
The scandal, which was previously never made public, was revealed on Sunday by Maria Zakharova in an interview with Rossiya 1 TV. It happened sometime before Primakov's death in June 2015.
According to Zakharova, doctors treating the legendary diplomat needed rare medicine that was available at the time only in the US. Time was of the essence, so as a favor to its former chief the Russian Foreign Ministry organized the purchase of the drug through a practicing US doctor. An embassy employee was supposed to pick up the package and deliver it to Moscow through diplomatic channels.
Read more
However, the emissary was stopped by people, whom Zakharova described as “agents of American special services.” They said the Russian diplomat was taken to the basement of the building and kept there, unable to contract the embassy.
“They kept them there for an hour. And the way they spoke to them looked more like an attempt to recruit an asset rather than a regular conversation. They were threatening them with accusations of illegal trafficking of medical drugs,” they said.
The ministry spokesperson assured that the purchase was perfectly legal, citing the fact that the prescribing doctor was neither stripped of their license, nor charged with any crime. The diplomat, who had immunity from prosecution, was eventually let go, but the drug was confiscated.
The unnamed intelligence agency behind the move didn't even repay the cost of the purchase to Primakov's family, which amounted to about $10,000, Zakharova added.
“We contacted the US State Department at once,” Zakharova said. “When [Secretary] John Kerry learned about it, they were terrified. It was a frame-up of the State Department!”
The Americans did much to atone for the diplomatic gaffe, including organizing consultations between Primakov's doctors and American doctors specializing in their condition. They also did everything possible to deliver the drug in question as soon as possible, Zakharova acknowledged.
“Unfortunately time was lost. A lot of time. I am not a doctor to judge the consequences. But time was lost,” they said.
Zakharova said their story showed the disarray in the Obama administration and how the intelligence community could clash with the State Department on the most sensitive issues. They believe American spies were deliberately undermining all diplomatic ties between the US and Russia because they wanted to embroil the two nations in a conflict.
Adding insult to injury, the diplomat targeted for the recruitment was expelled over a phony accusation of illegal trafficking of medical drugs, Zakharova added.
Primakov died in Moscow in 2015 from liver cancer aged 85.  They are mostly remembered for their long diplomatic career, but they also served as Russia's prime minister, chief of foreign intelligence, head of the Trade and Industry Chamber and as a member of parliament. They were also an accomplished scientist specializing in Arabic studies and economics and a prolific non-fiction writer.
READ MORE: Ex-Russian PM & intel chief Primakov dies at 85
The revelation comes shortly after the US intelligence community accused Russia of interfering with the American presidential election. The accusations were not backed by evidence of any wrongdoing on the part of Russia, with the Obama administration claiming it was highly classified.
Canada defeated Mexico to win gold in the men's squash team competition Friday night at the Pan Am Games. Andrew Schnell of Calgary opened with an 11-9, 11-7, 11-8 victory over Eric Galvez and Shawn Delierre sealed the win with a 7-11, 11-4, 11-5, 11-7 victory over Cesar Salazar at Exhibition Centre.
Shawn Delierre practises in Toronto on Tuesday, April 28, 2015. Delierre helped Canada win a Pan Am Games gold medal in the team squash event Friday. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
Earlier, Canada won silver in the women's team competition after dropping a 2-1 decision to the United States. Schnell used tight length and crisp drops while keeping the mistakes to a minimum on the all-glass showcourt. The Canadian was cutting the ball off nicely and prevented their opponent from getting into a rhythm.
Article Continued Below
The Delierre-Salazar matchup was also a repeat from the 2011 Pan Am team final in Guadalajara four years ago. Host Mexico won that event 2-1. Both players treated the near-capacity crowd of about 500 fans to a rollicking display of energetic squash. The pace was amped up with both players mixing in incredible retrieving ability with a wide variety of creative offensive shots. Salazar jumped out to a 7-0 lead but Delierre pulled even with seven straight points of their own. The Mexican took the opening game but then had trouble matching the pace of the Canadian, who had the crowd gasping with some of their gets and deception. In the clinching game, Delierre hit three straight winners to pull ahead 10-7. They hit a drop winner to secure the victory. In the women's final, Olivia Blatchford opened with an 11-4, 12-10, 11-8 victory over Hollie Naughton of Mississauga. Amanda Sobhy secured the team victory with an 11-3, 11-2, 11-8 win over Samantha Cornett of Deep River, Ont.
“Obviously a lot to learn from it, we still medalled which is still I guess a positive thing,” Naughton said. “Right now it doesn't seem like the greatest thing but it's definitely a good stepping stone for four years hopefully.” Nikole Todd of Regina defeated Natalie Grainger 11-9, 11-0 in the dead rubber. Grainger retired after the first game in a match that had already been trimmed to a best-of-three from the usual best-of-five games.
Article Continued Below
Cornett anchored the Canadian women to a gold medal in this event at the 2011 Pan Am Games in Guadalajara, Mexico with a veteran lineup that included Miranda Ranieri and Stephanie Edmison. This year's squad was younger with all three Canadians aged 25 or younger. “I think we have all the skills that we need,” Cornett said. “We just need to up the level a little bit more.” The Canadians had a stiff challenge against the favoured Americans, who are well ahead of them in the world rankings. Sobhy holds the No. 10 position while Cornett is at No. 33. Blatchford is at No. 38, 20 positions higher than Naughton. Blatchford controlled the frontcourt in the opening game and put away loose balls at will. Naughton seemed frustrated at times and unforced errors didn't help them cause. The Canadian seemed more focused in the second game and forced extra points. However, they hit the tin on game point and then dropped the third game in just six minutes. Cornett seemed overpowered in their match with Sobhy dictating the pace and controlling the rallies in the first two games. The reigning Canadian women's champion seemed like their normal self in the third game, but came up a few points short.
Read more about:
By Julien Pretot and Emmanuel Jarry
PARIS (Reuters) - A French police officer was shot dead and two others were wounded in central Paris on Thursday night in an attack carried out days before presidential elections and quickly claimed by the Islamic State group.
President Francois Hollande said they were convinced the shooting on the Champs Elysees boulevard, in which the assailant was themselves shot dead by police, was an act of terrorism.
The wide avenue that leads away from the Arc de Triomphe had been crowded with Parisians and tourists enjoying a spring evening; but police quickly cleared the area which remained empty well into the night of all but heavily armed police and police vehicles.
Officers searched the home in eastern Paris of the dead attacker.
Police at the scene said they were searching for a potential second assailant, and Interior ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry Brandet said it could not be ruled out that there was another or others involved.
France has lived under a state of emergency since 2015 and has suffered a spate of Islamist militant attacks mostly perpetrated by young men who grew up in France and Belgium and that have killed more than 230 people in the past two years.
Witness Chelloug, a kitchen assistant, told Reuters they were walking out of a shop and saw a man get out of car and open fire with a rifle on a police officer.
"The police officer fell down. I heard six shots, I was afraid. I have a two year-old girl and I thought I was going to die... They shot straight at the police officer."
The Islamic State group, which is being driven out of its areas of territorial control in Iraq and Syria by Western backed coalitions, claimed Thursday's shooting via its Amaq news agency, naming the attacker as Abu Yousif the Belgian.
The claim came quickly and the naming of the assailant suggested a degree of direct contact with Islamic State. The group also claimed responsibility for a car attack in London last month killing four, but gave no name or details.
"A little after 9 PM a vehicle stopped alongside a police car which was parked. Immediately a man got out and fired on the police vehicle, mortally wounding a police officer," Brandet said.
POLICE CLEAR THE AREA
Police authorities called on the public to avoid the area.
TV footage showed the Arc de Triomphe monument and the top half of the Champs Elysees packed with police vans, lights flashing and heavily armed police shutting the area down after what was described by one journalist as a major exchange of fire.
The incident came as French voters prepared go to the polls on Sunday in the most tightly-contested presidential election in living memory.
"We shall be of the utmost vigilance, especially in relation to the election," said President Hollande, who is not themselves running for re-election.
Earlier this week, two men were arrested in Marseille who police said had been planning an attack ahead of the election.
A machine gun, two hand guns and three kilos of TATP explosive were among the weapons found at a flat in the southern city along with jihadist propaganda materials according to the Paris prosecutor.
That incident brought issues of security and immigration back to the forefront of the campaign, with the anti-immigration National Front leader Marine Le Pen repeating their call for Europe's partly open borders to be closed.
On Thursday, speaking after a television appearance, they said they were "deeply angry" as well as sad for the police victims "because not everything is done... to protect our compatriots. They need more than our compassion."
Candidates in the election said they had been warned about the Marseille attackers. Francois Fillon, who is the conservative candidate, said they would cancel the campaign events they had been planning for Friday.
They also called for campaigning generally to be suspended, although from midnight on Friday the law says it has to stop anyway. Far left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon said campaigning should continue.
In November, 2015, Paris was rocked by near simultaneous gun-and-bomb attacks on entertainment sites, in which 130 people died and 368 were wounded. Islamic State claimed responsibility. Two of the 10 known perpetrators were Belgian citizens and three others were French.
In another of the most serious attacks on France, in July 2016, a Tunisian man pledging allegiance to Islamic State rammed a truck through a crowd in the southern city of Nice killing 86 people.
(Additional reporting by Richard Balmforth, Ingrid Melander, Leigh Thomas, John Irish; Editing by Andrew Callus and Ralph Boulton)
The late, great Andrew Breitbart used to refer to the MSM as "the Democrat Media Complex." That is a far more accurate label than "Mainstream Media" because of the media's role in continually advancing whatever misbegotten causes the Democrats are feverish about at any given moment. A good chunk of its duties involve marginalizing and demonizing conservatives and Republicans who stand in the way.
The current CAUSE NUMBER ONE for the Democrats is electing our first female president, even if they are a thoroughly awful human being who enabled them husband's sexual assaults on other women and, oh by the way, had a casual disregard for classified material when they were secretary of State.
Bernie Sanders has unexpectedly gotten in the way of this mission and now the DMC/MSM has decided it's had enough.
SEN. BERNIE Sanders (I-Vt.) is leading in New Hampshire and within striking distance in Iowa, in large part because they are playing the role of uncorrupted anti-establishment crusader. But Mr. Sanders is not a brave truth-teller.  They are a politician selling their own brand of fiction to a slice of the country that eagerly wants to buy it.
That's from the Washington Post's editorial board.
Speaking of fabrication, this piece goes on to question how Sanders would make "the European social model work in the United States," the subtext being that Democrats haven't generally been trying to do that for a long time.
It's not that WaPo is wrong in questioning the veracity of Sanders' many claims, it's that they are only doing it because he's turned Them Madameship's once formidable lead into vapor.
From Benghazi to their email server to their concern for victims of sexual assault, the dubious claims Hillary Clinton makes any given week remain largely without critical examination by the DCM/MSM. They're far more likely to repeat the Clinton camp's talking points about "Republican attacks" or the concussed grandma's latest conspiracy theory than they are to subject their so-called accomplishments to scrutiny.
This hit piece was part of a one-two punch yesterday. WaPo's own Dana Milbank's syndicated column heaped some praise on Bernie but concluded that nominating them would be a "terrible decision."
Time, which hasn't bumped up against a Democrat idea it didn't love in at least twenty five years, is suddenly concerned with how much of a tax burden Bernie's version of liberalism would place on the American people.
Vernon Adams' eyes are likely looking northward.
The former Oregon quarterback will likely sign with the CFL's British Columbia Lions after they did not sign a contract following a tryout at Washington's rookie mini-camp during the weekend, according to a report.
Adams, who also did not sign a contract after a try out with the Seattle Seahawks last week, said they will probably sign with the Lions, who hold their draft rights.
"I could be like a Warren Moon or Doug Flutie," Adams told espn.com, referring to the former NFL quarterbacks who played in the CFL. "All I need is a chance. ... If they can stop looking at my height and give me a chance they'd get a teammate with a lot of energy and a great leader."
Adams, who produced a strong season at Oregon in 2015 and three very productive seasons at Eastern Washington before transferring to Oregon, was not selected in the 2016 NFL draft. NFL scouts and coaches cited Adams size and questioned whether their skills would successfuly transfer to a pro-style offense in the NFL.
-- Geoffrey C. Arnold | @geoffreycarnold
Two-year Maritime and Coastguard Agency investigation finds enough evidence to bring charges against the director of Stormforce Coaching.
The director of the Southampton-based charter and training company, Stormforce Coaching, has been charged with gross negligence manslaughter over the deaths of four men aboard the yacht Cheeki Rafiki in May 2014.
Doug Innes, the company director, appeared before Southampton magistrates on 3 November, where they were charged with four counts of gross negligence manslaughter. Innes entered no plea and was bailed to appear at Winchester Crown Court on 5 December. A further charge of breaking maritime shipping law has also been brought against the company.
What happened to Cheeki Rafiki? Key findings from the official MAIB report
The four men, Andrew Bridge, Steve Warren, Paul Goslin and James Male lost their lives when the Stormforce-owned and operated Beneteau 40.7 lost their keel and capsized in the North Atlantic. The crew had made contact with SAR services as well as Stormforce before the incident to say that the yacht was taking on water, however, the upturned hull was discovered with the liferaft still attached.
The MAIB report stated that the lack of damage to the rudder or any other part of the hull meant ‘it is unlikely that the vessel had struck a submerged object. Instead, a combined effect of previous groundings and subsequent repairs to its keel and matrix had possibly weakened the vessel's structure where the keel was attached to the hull.'
A teenager who jumped into action, saving a man in a wheelchair who had slipped into the swollen Thames River, will be recognized by the Canadian Red Cross.
Evan Spindler's name will be put forward for an award of appreciation from the Red Cross — an award that recognizes people who help those who are vulnerable.
“This is exactly what this teenager did. They saw someone in need and they were there when help was needed,” said Kelly Farrell, community service co-ordinator for the London-area branch of the Red Cross.
“Sometimes people just need to be recognized for their efforts.”
The award was created to thank people for doing the right thing, Farrell said.
Spindler, 15, saw 22-year-old Ainsley Chapman perched on a picnic table Tuesday, their wheelchair partly submerged in the Thames River around him.
Chapman, who has cerebral palsy, was feeding the geese and ducks near the Blackfriars Bridge when their wheelchair slid into the river. They managed to get out of their wheelchair and onto a picnic table but, surrounded by water, was stuck with no way out when Spindler ran toward them and pulled them to safety.
Their actions had both police and fire officials praising them for their efforts.
All the attention has left the Grade 10 Banting secondary school student, who is training to be a lifeguard, a bit bewildered.
“I just thought if someone's in trouble you might as well help them out,” Spindler has said. “I feel like I was doing what anyone else would have done.
“I'm surprised it's getting this much attention.”
kelly.pedro@sunmedia.ca
twitter.com/KellyatLFPress
A location on Mars associated with the best-selling novel and Hollywood movie “The Martian” is seen in an image from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter taken May 17, 2015. This area is in the Acidalia Planitia region, and in the novel and the movie, it is the landing site of a crewed mission named Ares 3. (NASA/JPL-Caltech/Univ. of Arizona via Reuters)
American culture and cinema often glorifies space travel, from the heroic early adventurers of “The Right Stuff” to the more recent rescue of Matt Damon's astronaut character from Mars in “The Martian.”
[Stirring and amusing, ‘The Martian' defines what's best about big movies]
But the reality is less glamorous, with journeys into deep space posing serious dangers to astronauts that include inadequate food, radiation exposure and heightened risks of developing cancer and other maladies. And NASA is not yet ready to handle those dangers as it moves ahead with plans to send the first human mission to Mars by the 2030s, according to a recent audit.
NASA inspector general Paul K. Martin found that the legendary space agency “faces significant challenges” ensuring the safety of any Mars-bound astronauts, and that its schedule to limit the risks is overly “optimistic.” As a result, they said, Mars crews likely will have to accept more risks to their health and safety than their predecessors who went to the moon and work in the International Space Station.
“NASA has taken positive steps to address the human health and performance risks inherent in space travel,” Martin wrote in the 48-page report. They added: “Long duration missions will likely expose crews to health and human performance risks for which NASA has limited effective countermeasures. … Accordingly, the astronauts chosen to make at least the initial forays into deep space may have to accept a higher level of risk than those who fly International Space Station missions.”
A spokesperson for NASA referred questions to the agency's response contained in the report, which said it concurred with Martin's recommendations for improvement, such as ensuring that cost estimates for steps to better protect astronauts are accurate. “NASA has been working in all of these areas for some time,” the agency wrote. “Thus, the report represents a validation of, rather than a correction to, NASA's … plans and the challenges ahead.”
NASA is aiming to send a crew to the Martian surface by the 2030s, the latest iteration of a plan proposed by President George H. W. Bush in 1989. But despite the publicity generated by the recent box-office success of “The Martian,” experts say serious technical challenges remain, and NASA's flat budget won't pay for a Mars mission.
[Don't worry. Matt Damon won't get stuck on Mars. NASA can't get them there.]
On top of those obstacles, it's not yet clear whether the government can keep astronauts safe. Martin's report outlines a series of deep space risks that include altered gravity that produces loss of bone density and muscle strength, and space radiation that could lead to cancer, degenerative tissue diseases and central nervous system changes.
Even nutrition, the report said, could be problematic, because any Mars vehicle will likely be significantly smaller than the International Space Station, and astronauts will be too far away to receive the regular resupply missions they now get on the station.
“Space flight is an inherently risky endeavor,” the report says. “Apart from the tremendous engineering challenges in launching and returning astronauts safely to Earth, humans living in space experience a range of physiological changes that can affect their ability to perform necessary mission functions.”
[Here is NASA's three-step plan for getting humans to Mars]
The report said NASA is improving its process for mitigating these risks, and agency officials recently said the next Mars rover, scheduled for launch in 2020, will have instruments that can extract oxygen from the Martian atmosphere. Officials said that is progress toward eventually helping astronauts live off the land on Mars.
But the report concludes that progress needs to quicken.
Andrias scheuchzeri is an extinct species of giant salamander, which only is known from fossils. It lived from the Oligocene to the Pliocene.[1] It and the extant A. davidianus cannot be mutually diagnosed, and the latter, only described in 1871, is therefore sometimes considered a synonym of the former.[2]
History [ edit ]
Specimen in Germany
In their book Lithographia Helvetica from 1726, Johann Jakob Scheuchzer described a Miocene fossil found in Öhningen as Homo diluvii testis (Latin: Man, a witness of the Deluge), believing it to be the remains of a human that drowned in the biblical Deluge. The fossil was about 1 m (3 ft) long, lacked its tail and hind legs, and could thus be interpreted as showing some resemblance to the remains of a violently trampled human child.
In 1758, the first to doubt their theory in print was Johannes Gessner, who thought it was a giant catfish (Siluris). In 1787 Petrus Camper thought it was a lizard (Lacerta); at that time, scholars generally did not differentiate between reptiles and amphibians by the scientific community. In 1802 Martin van Marum bought this fossil for Teyler's Museum in Haarlem from Scheuchzer's grandson in Zürich, along with a fossilized swordfish, for 14 Louis d'or.[3] It can still be seen in Teyler's Museum, in the original showcase.
Seven years later, the fossil again came under scrutiny when the famous Georges Cuvier published an article in which they claimed the fossil was "nothing but a salamander, or rather a proteus of gigantic dimensions and of an unknown species".[4] They proceeded to examine the fossil in Haarlem, by then a part of the French Empire, in 1811. After hacking away gently at the fossil, they uncovered the foremost limbs and the specimen was recognized as a giant salamander.[5] The difference in color of the stone shows what Scheuchzer saw and what Cuvier later could see.
The specimen was renamed Salamandra scheuchzeri by Friedrich Holl in 1831. The genus Andrias was only coined six years later by Johann Jakob von Tschudi.[6] In doing so, both the genus, Andrias (which means image of man), and the specific name, scheuchzeri, ended up honouring Scheuchzer and their beliefs. The Teylers Museum has several other specimens in their collection in addition to this one.
In fiction [ edit ]
Restoration
The fictional descendants of Andrias scheuchzeri are the primary antagonists in Karel Čapek's 1936 science fiction novel War with the Newts.
Sources [ edit ]
^ http://www.wahre-staerke.com/~madelaine/EGU2010_Andrias.pdf ^ Andrias. Accessed 2008-04-10. Amphibian Species of the World 5.1. Genus. Accessed 2008-04-10. ^ Wim de Jong (1988), "De zondvloedmens. Een mens werd salamander. Over Andrias scheuchzeri", Teylers Museum Magazijn 6(4), 7-10. ^ Georges Cuvier (1809), "Sur quelques quadrupèdes ovipares fossiles conserves dans des schistes calcaires", Annales du Muséum naturelle 13, 397-437. ^ L. Touret & A. van der Werf (1984), "De betrekkingen van Georges Cuvier met Teylers Museum.", Teylers Museum Magazijn 2(1), 7-10. ^ Jakob von Tschudi, (1837), "Über den Homo diluvii testis, Andrias Scheuchzeri", Neues Jahrbuch für Mineralogie, Geognosie, Geologie und Petrefaktenkunde
Bibliography [ edit ]
I love almonds. These eye shaped nuts do wonders for our body. I usually try and increase the use of nuts in my diet during winters to get nourishment to keep it warm. When it comes to incorporating nuts in a tasteful manner, i think nothing can be better than some good old nutty cookies to go with your evening chai latte.
Well, i do use almonds in many other ways at home. I usually roast and powder some almonds and use them in various savory stews, phat thai, breads, salads and off course in desserts. For those who do not like to consume nuts in the original format, this can be an easy trick to make sure they get their nutty nourishment.
These cookies are sensational. Not only do they look good, they taste amazing. The almonds on baking release a light and exotic oil which makes these cookies glow with goodness. I made my cookies thin so they turn out really crispy and they compliment my ginger tea well.
Saffron Almond Cookies
Saffron Almond cookies Recipe 1 1/2 cups of All purpose flour
1/2 cup of Almonds
12-15 walnuts – chopped, roughly (optional. I use them because it gives a nice aroma and texture to these cookies)
1/3 cup maple syrup/ sugar (i used maple syrup)
1/3 cup butter (melted)
4-5 strands of saffron (optional) – Soak the strands in 1 tsp of lukewarm milk for atleast 10 minutes before using
1 tsp almond essence
1- 2 tsp All spice, as per choice (to make your own all spice, mix equal quantities of cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves and grind to a fine powder) Method Take a saucepan. Put it to medium high heat and add almonds in it. Dry roast for 2-3 minutes while tossing them in between. Remove from pan and let it completely cool down. You will notice that the almonds have become crunchy. Grind these into a rough powder. Reserve. I used mortar+pestle for grinding so that some pieces are slightly bigger in size which will add a nice texture to these cookies. Now, take a bowl. Add in all purpose flour, almond powder, chopped walnut, all spice and mix well. In a separate bowl, mix in the melted butter, maple syrup, almond essence and saffron (with milk). Mix till the mixture is homogenous. Now adding a little at a time, combine this with the flour and form into a brittle dough. While you add in the liquid mixture, it may feel that the liquid is less but keep folding in till everything is mixed well. If the dough is not forming yet, add in 2-3 tsp of milk. Let the mixture rest for 10 minutes . Meanwhile pre-heat your oven set to 250 F. For shaping the cookies, you can either use a cookie cutter or just form circular shapes with your palms. To use a cutter, take some dough in between 2 plastic films and flatten out into about 5 mm thickness using a rolling pin. Now use the cookie cutter shape of your choice and gently cut out profiles. Place the cookies on a greased baking tray. Keep about 1 cm gap between each cookie for even baking. Pop the tray into the oven and let the cookies bake for about 8-10 minutes. The time will vary depending on the thickness of the cookie so check in between while baking the first batch, the cookies will turn a little brownish on the bottom and a light brown on the top. Remove from the oven and transfer on a cooling tray. Repeat the process with the entire cookie dough. Let the cookies cool down completely.The cookies will appear soft and fragile when they just come out of the oven but as it cools down, they will get crunchy and firm up nicely.
The cookies can be stored for atleast 1 week but i bet you these cookies are so delicious that you would have a hard time controlling your temptations for them and they will disappear really quick !
Last month I went to CSS Day in Amsterdam, as an attendee this year, not a speaker. It was an excellent conference comprising the titular CSS day and a Browser API Special the day before.
By the end of CSS Day, my brain was full. Experiencing the depth of knowledge that's contained in CSS now made me appreciate how powerful a language it is. I mean, the basics of CSS—selectors, properties, and values—can be grasped in a day. But you can spend a lifetime trying to master the details. Heck, you could spend a lifetime trying to master just one part of CSS, like layout, or text. And there would always be more to learn.
Unlike a programming language that requires knowledge of loops, variables, and other concepts, CSS is pretty easy to pick up. Maybe it's because of this that it has gained the reputation of being simple. It is simple in the sense of “not complex”, but that doesn't mean it's easy. Mistaking “simple” for “easy” will only lead to heartache.
I think that's what's happened with some programmers coming to CSS for the first time. They've heard it's simple, so they assume it's easy. But then when they try to use it, it doesn't work. It must be the fault of the language, because they know that they are smart, and this is supposed to be easy. So they blame the language. They say it's broken. And so they try to “fix” it by making it conform to a more programmatic way of thinking.
I can't help but think that they would be less frustrated if they would accept that CSS is not easy. Simple, yes, but not easy. Using CSS at scale has a learning curve, just like any powerful technology. The way to deal with that is not to hammer the technology into a different shape, but to get to know it, understand it, and respect it.
Scientific Name: Ateles geoffroyi
A spider monkey is named for it's long and thins arms, legs, and tails. Having these strong and long limbs help this animal to be one of the best equipped arboreal (living in the trees) animals found the rainforest.
A spider monkey can swing through the rainforest canopy and hang suspended by their tail. Their long limbs help them pick fruit (their favorite food). They live almost exclusively on fruit and nuts. They also eat young leaves, flowers, sometimes bark and decaying wood, as well as honey.
Click To Enlarge
Spider monkeys live high in the rainforest canopy. They rarely ever see the forest floor.
Click To Enlarge
Spider monkeys are 3-5 feet in length, with its tail accounting for about 60%. They weigh about 15-18 pounds.
The Spider Monkey is a diurnal (active during the day) animal that is quite social. Most spider monkeys live in groups of about 30 other spider monkeys.
Spider monkeys are considered an Old World Primate, because they don't have thumbs. Other monkeys in Costa Rica like the Capuchin and Squirrel Monkey have thumbs that help them hang on to branches and peel fruit.
But, just because a Spider Monkey lacks a thumb, doesn't mean it can't get around. Spider monkey are some of the finest examples of animals who get around in the canopy. They swing effortlessly. It's been recorded that with one swing of the arm, a spider monkey can cover 40 feet.
Click To Enlarge
Click To Enlarge
When spider monkeys are on the lookout, it stands or walks on two feet, using the tail to hold on to a support.
Because Spider Monkeys are arboreal animals, they rarely ever touch the rainforest floor. They also require large ranges of unbroken forest. They do not coexist well with humans. Logging, hunting, and habitat destruction have made the spider monkey an endangered species.
Click To Enlarge
When a spider monkey spots a human, a common response is for it to scream, growl, or jump up and down while shaking the tree limbs. They've even been known to throw fruit at tourists!
Click To Enlarge
A Spider Monkey's prehensile tail acts like a fifth arm and can be used for balance or just hanging out.
An image from Gucci's new pre-fall campaign.
Gucci wants to take you on a “Soul Scene.” What does that mean exactly? Well, today the brand has launched its latest pre-fall campaign, a retro ‘60s throwback to England's “underground Northern Soul movement.” It's inspired by dandyism and famed Malian artist Malick Sidibé's portraits of youth culture. With a cast of entirely black models, the project was alluded to earlier this year in January after the Italian house released a series of “audition” videos on its Instagram page.
Shot by longtime Alessandro Michele–collaborator Glen Luchford, the campaign also includes a short film complete with rhinestones, sequins, and quintessential “more is more” Gucci flamboyance. It also signifies the brand's push for more culturally relevant and boundary-pushing advertising; last month they released a series of self-made memes devoted to their new watch release. Scroll below to see more images and a short video of the campaign.
Photo: Courtesy of Gucci
Photo: Courtesy of Gucci
Photo: Courtesy of Gucci
Photo: Courtesy of Gucci
Photo: Courtesy of Gucci
Photo: Courtesy of Gucci
Square, the upstart mobile payment processing system that's given pause to giants like VeriFone, is hiring its first chief financial officer to deal with a growing number of payments. According to TheNextWeb, the company now says it's processing $6 billion a year in payments for one million individuals and businesses, and it's grown from 80 to 300 employees over the past year. That's major expansion from March, when it announced it was processing $4 billion a year (both these numbers are based on extrapolating current rates out to the next year.)
In order to manage this, the company is hiring Sarah Friar, previously of Goldman Sachs and Salesforce, as its first CFO. It's also added some lower-level executives, including people from PayPal and Apple. Square is still a newcomer to payment processing, but it's one of the few such companies that's managed to maintain any level of goodwill. It's also reportedly been aggressive with its venture capital fundraising recently, a decision thatseems more and more justified.
Peladeau compares Constitution to communism
QUEBEC - Quebec's premier says Parti Quebecois heayweight Pierre Karl Peladeau should get a grip on reality after they compared the repatriation of the Constitution to the imposition of communist rule in East Germany.
Philippe Couillard said they found Peladeau's attempt to suggest parallels bizarre and pointed out that Canadians live in a democratic country.
Peladeau made the comments on their Facebook page Sunday — a day after German President Joachim Gauck came out in favour of a united Canada during an official visit to Quebec City.
Peladeau, who a recent opinion poll suggested is the front-runner to become PQ leader, took umbrage at Gauck's comments and criticized them for meddling in an internal Quebec matter.
Quebecor Inc.'s controlling shareholder also drew parallels between the repatriation of Canada's Constitution in 1982 without Quebec's consent and the repressive communist regime imposed on East Germany after the defeat of Adolf Hitler's Nazis.
Peladeau pointed out on Facebook that Gauck had fought against the communist regime imposed by the accords concluded by the allies at the Yalta conference at the end of the Second World War.
They then asked how Gauck could give legitimacy to the 1982 Constitution which was "inflicted" on Quebec yet rejected by the province's legislature.
Peladeau warned Gauck that it is "dangerous to interfere in the history of a country without taking the time to understand all the ins and outs of the dynamics and resilience of a nation and its citizens."
They also noted that Quebec "is not a province like the others because we want a country as rich as your nation."
They suggested Gauck should have been more respectful toward "millions of Quebecers who share other views."
Couillard could not resist a hint of a smile when asked about Peladeau's comments at a news conference on another matter on Monday.
They said they found it "bizarre" and "strange" to compare the constitutional situation in Quebec with the carving up of the defeated Germany by the victorious allied powers.
What Quebecers are living under has nothing in common with that of East Germany under communism, said Couillard, who suggested Peladeau "stay in touch with reality."
"We live in a democratic society, a society of law, all our fundamental rights are guaranteed, we are a people that is far from oppressed," Couillard said. "I think we should show some restraint in making such comparisons."
They also noted that Gauck's position was nothing new and that acknowledging Quebec's distintiveness did not prevent U.S. presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton or Nicolas Sarkozy, when they were president of France, from supporting a united Canada.
The premier said Peladeau showed "a lot of condescension" toward Quebecers who are capable of making up their own minds about Gauck's remarks.
They stopped short of pointing out how many Quebec sovereigntists became involved in Scotland's recent independence referendum.
This originally appeared on Mamamia. Republished here with permission.
For more than 30 weeks I've been keeping a secret.
I'm pregnant. With child. Knocked up. Got a bun in the oven. Up the duff. In the pudding club. On stork watch. Preggers. In the family way. That's right, in less than two months I'm due to have another baby and I couldn't be, well, more terrified. Not just of how I'm going to cope with having three children under five (Well hello, Mr. Gin Bottle) but of this pregnancy itself.
Which is precisely why I haven't told people—most people—until now.
For me, being pregnant is something of a rollercoaster ride with more stomach-churning drops than exhilarating peaks. It is—for the most part—a white-knuckle experience where faith is my seatbelt and hope, the safety rail. And I've struggled in this pregnancy—more so than any other—to allow myself to believe that it's real. That at the end of it I will have a healthy, happy, very much alive baby in my arms that I get to take home.
And I suspect that feeling of being scared to let yourself relax is probably true for anybody who has lost a pregnancy. Lost a child.
Of course it wasn't always that way.
The first time I got pregnant my girlfriends Katie and Nic stood with me in the kitchen as together we stared at that just-peed-on pregnancy stick: Come on! Come on!
When the faintest second line started to form we whooped and cheered like Lotto winners and I was planning nurseries and buying copies of Possum Magic and sticking cushions up my dress and, well, eating for two before the test had even dried. Back then, in 2006, as Brad and I joyfully told people I was pregnant (PREGNANT! WOOO!) it just never even dawned on me that I'd be “one of those people” who would ever suffer from a miscarriage.
Just a few weeks later I found out that I was exactly “one of those people” when I miscarried the baby (or the “product of conception” as the medical community likes to say) during a trip to Townsville. I was alone. In a hotel room. Hours later I was expected on stage at a writers festival.
From then on I experienced pregnancy differently. Joyful, yes. But cautious. Scared. Once you've lost a pregnancy, well suddenly the rose-colored glasses are off and you tend to be a little more jaded.
Since that first pregnancy in 2006, I've gone on to be pregnant another four times. But so far, I have just two little people I tuck into bed at night: Ava (born in 2008) and Fin (born early last year). What many of you know (and some of you perhaps don't) is that in 2010 my daughter Georgie was stillborn at just over 36 weeks.
So.
For the past 30 weeks I've been too scared to even assume another little bundle is coming home. Other than my closest friends and those people who mistakenly get in my way when I'm at the Sizzler buffet (and who are somewhat startled by my size) I've kept this pregnancy quiet. I've resisted buying clothes. Or toys or strollers. Turned down offers of baby showers or celebratory lunches. There's been no gushing about ultrasound scans. No clucking about how excited I am to have another newborn in the house. I haven't even bought a new crib—even though we need one. In other words, I've tried to stop myself from emotionally connecting with this newest little one. I could count on two fingers the number of times I've placed my hands on my belly and whispered “I can't wait to meet you.”
I've done none of that in the mistaken belief that somehow I was protecting myself if something should go tragically wrong. Again. Don't bond with the baby, I've thought. Don't assume this one is coming home. Don't get attached.
But then, just this week I realized how ridiculous I was being.
For starters it is impossible to cotton wool yourself from life's hurts and traumas. No amount of sitting quietly in the corner, or trying to fly under the radar is any type of insurance against tragedy striking. And what I have to believe—what I have to know—is that whatever happens in the next eight weeks, I'll be OK. If the worst happens, then yes it will bring me to my knees and no doubt plunge me into darkness for a time but I have it in me to survive. To cope. To get back up and keep going. Because I've done it before.
And it's not just about being pregnant. It's anything in life. You don't stop getting in a car just because you're worried about having a car accident. You don't stop going on dates because you've been hurt by people in the past.
And you know what else? This new little baby deserves to be celebrated; not born under a dark cloud of anxiety and fear. I'm pregnant! WOOOO! This new little noodle was very much planned and wanted by every member of my tribe and for the next two months I'm going to cheer on this baby to cross that finish line.
Because, as of yesterday, there's a brand-new crib waiting for them or them at home.
Rebecca Sparrow is a contributing editor at Mamamia.com.au.  They are also the author of four books including The Girl Most Likely (which is in development as a feature film) and Find Your Tribe (and 9 other things I wish I'd known in high school). You can read more about Bec on their website which you can find here, or follow them on Twitter here and Facebook here.
Related Links:
To paraphrase a former U.S. secretary of state, Britain has lost a community but not yet found a friend. That the island is adrift became ever clearer last week as British officials made little progress in their third round of talks over the best way to exit the European Union.
U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May at a NATO summit in Brussels, May 25, 2017. May was the first foreign leader to meet Trump after their inauguration. REUTERS/Matt Dunham/Pool
While negotiators wait to get the preliminaries out of the way so substantive talks can begin, the real question may be how much more dependent has Brexit made the United Kingdom on the United States?
British leaders know they must build trade alliances, and Theresa May's government is trying. The British prime minister went to Japan this week to press for a bilateral agreement along the lines of the trade treaty Japan is about to sign with the EU, but Japanese leaders are cautious, delaying discussions until Britain's position becomes clearer.
For the UK government, the United States is the obvious – perhaps the only – port in a storm that may engulf the British economy. The U.S. is Britain's largest single trading partner, with trade between the two countries worth around $230 billion annually, and investment in each other's economies amounting to $1 trillion.
In Donald Trump, the Brexiteers have an apparently ideal and strong ally; the president has commended a prospective accord as “very big and exciting” while at the same time condemning the EU as “very protectionist with the U.S.”
The May government is thus respectful toward its big friend. They were the first leader to meet Trump after their inauguration and – unlike the chilly encounter between the president and German Chancellor Angela Merkel – appeared to enjoy the session.
The cabinet follows the same line. The mercurial Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, having once quipped that they would not go to New York for fear of meeting Trump, has since been ardent in their praise, saying Trump has “gripped the imagination of people around the world.”
The U.S. wants access to the UK market most of all for the export of food, but here there are two large problems. American chickens are washed with chlorine, a process which the EU regards as a reason for keeping them at bay. And much of the U.S. grain sent to the UK would be genetically modified – another disagreement with the Union.
Were these products to be admitted into the UK, the protests from British farmers and environmentalists would be loud, long and damaging to any trade pact between the UK and the EU.
A further complication is Trump's international isolation and unpopularity. Even May was moved to protest their many-sides-to-blame comments after a Charlottesville white supremacist march left a counter-protester dead. A state visit, planned for this year, is likely to be postponed after Trump told May they didn't want to make the trip if mass demonstrations were expected.
On the European side, the UK's Brexit secretary, David Davis, is locking horns with Michel Barnier, the European Union's chief negotiator. Barnier's charm is legendary.  They are a politician with many terms of office in French cabinets and in the European Commission. It is clear that the EU will present a united front, with all 27 other members agreeing to back Barnier. So far, in spite of disagreements between the Central European states (Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia) and the EU on immigration, none has given any sign of following the UK out of the Union.
The 27 will be unyielding, demanding a large “divorce settlement” – as high as 100 billion euros ($112 billion) – together with a pledge that EU citizens living in the UK for at least five years gain permanent residence. A “concerned” Barnier warned that the latest talks yielded “no decisive progress on the main subjects.” The UK negotiators say progress has been made, but is impeded by an over-rigid approach from the EU.
MORE FROM REUTERS COMMENTARY
Andray Abrahamian: The downside of banning Americans from North Korea
Agnia Grigas: A win for Trump's gas diplomacy
Jean-Claude Juncker, the European Commission president and the most bitterly opposed to Brexit of the EU's leadership, infuriated the UK government earlier this week by contemptuously dismissing the documents it submitted, saying that they “found none of them truly satisfactory.”
Juncker's contempt tends to unite the Brits. More divisive are the nation's fears that the price for Brexit is beginning to be paid even before a settlement with the EU is reached. Banks, both UK and foreign, are discussing moving thousands of jobs out of the City of London. The pound is sinking, and Morgan Stanley thinks it may soon be on par with the euro.
A world in which states make individual trade pacts will cut against the EU's bloc approach, where trade negotiations are centralized and one size is meant to fit all.
The further logic of the position in which Britain finds itself is that it must hope that the EU fails – if not in the economic sense (that would damage the British economy too) – then in its aspiration to further integrate at least the euro zone states. The conservative vision of international relations that are still based on nation states would be in competition with the idealistic prospect of a post-national space, in which power would be shared among the EU, the nations, the regions and even the cities.
Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron seem committed to regenerate the Franco-German motor for the EU, pushing toward greater integration and even the appointment of a euro zone finance minister. Merkel, with the whip hand of a healthy economy, is the more cautious, and will make further movement dependent on radical change in France – especially in reforms to the labor market.
The future of a Franco-German EU depends largely on Macron's domestic success. Though couched in technocratic language, integration would be a huge political leap – the substitution of centralized economic decision-making overriding national priorities, carving deep into what has so far remained largely the prerogative of sovereign legislatures. If it does not succeed, the EU must come to terms with a reality which dictates the continuation of sovereign national states – willing to collaborate on trade and other issues like security and defense, but not to attempt the building of supranational political institutions. It's the Union most British political leaders always thought the only practical option. Ironically, it may come about in their absence.
The former secretary of state I cited at the beginning of this essay was the Truman administration's Dean Acheson, who said of post-war Britain that it had “lost an empire but not yet found a role.” Britain has now found, or stumbled into, a role. It is, with the U.S., to make of the special relationship a separate pole of attraction, not just for each other, but also for the rest of the world.
Britain's Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis (L) and European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier in Brussels, August 28, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
(John Lloyd co-founded the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism at the University of Oxford, where they are senior research fellow. Lloyd has written several books, including “What the Media Are Doing to Our Politics” and ”Journalism in an Age of Terror,” published this month by I. B. Tauris.  They are also a contributing editor at the Financial Times and the founder of FT Magazine.)
From military grade satellite systems to Mr T telling you to turn left at the next junction, the rise of GPS has made us all navigators. But how does it all stack up for cyclists? Well, we thought we'd put it to the test by pitching Garmin's most intuitive cycling computer, the Edge 1000 (review here: Garmin Edge 1000 review), against the most powerful computing tool in the world, the human brain.
More specifically, the brain of seasoned cycle courier and one-time holder of the 18,000-mile record for circumnavigating the globe on a bike, Mr Julian Sayarer.
Pitted against Julian was BikesEtc's very own Craig, who we armed not only with one of the best bike GPSs in the world, but a Bombtrack Tempest.
Oh, and just in case you're wondering Julian was on an old single-speed steel conversion, which was worth a lot less.
Having cycled the streets of London for three years, however, their head holds knowledge of back alleyways and beelines that can only be gained through hard experience.
As the wind buffeted our competitors on a grey Friday morning, they were both handed three postcodes to reach in London. Their starting point was the middle of Dalston, in sunny Hackney, East London.
While Julian sped off, our chap entered their destination into their device. The Edge 1000 spat out their route almost instantaneously and away they went.
Two metres down the road, though, they stopped. Through their own buffoonery, he'd somehow managed lose the map the Edge had given them and couldn't seem to recover it. Drastic seconds flew by as they fiddled with it.
When they finally got the map back and clipped in again, vital minutes had been lost. We'd like to be able to report that this was the last mishap they experienced in the race. But it wasn't. No, siree.
Taking the scenic route
As Craig pummelled down Kingsland High Street, they got their first order from their electronic brain. Channelling them from the hustle and bustle of the main roads, they soon found themselves ploughing along quiet backstreets, bunny-hopping speed bumps and keeping an eye out for car doors.
This smooth ride gave our chap a chance to marvel at the wonder that was their electronic guide. The intelligent mapping technology developed by Garmin tracks 6.7 million miles of road across the UK and Europe, and here they were being led along just one tiny sliver of that digital world.
As they sprinted down towards the river, using all the back roads that their Garmin could find, their fellow racer chose to ride alongside the city's canal system.
Julian's knowledge of London saw them take the steady but scenic route. Whereas our man found themselves tangled up in every red light, Julian simply whisked their way along the old waterways of London's industrial past.
The wind grew and grew as Craig neared their first destination, The Grapes pub on Narrow Street, deep in the heart of London's old Docklands. By now, they and their Garmin were working together perfectly.
\Consulting it every other second, they felt confident that they could make up for the time lost at the start. It had positioned them on London's blue east-west Cycle Superhighway, which leads through car-free parks and over footbridges.
As they approached their initial objective, however, they heard someone shouting their name. Looking up, they saw Julian waiting by their bike. Apparently, he'd been there for a while, expecting to meet the BikesEtc photographer for pictures.
‘No, this is a race! You get to the spot and move on,' Craig told him. ‘How long have you been here?'
‘About a minute,' came Julian's reply.
A minute? The life of a cyclist is counted in seconds. Tiny snippets of time that are the difference between glory and despair. Craig was devastated but being an honourable chap, offered to wait 60 seconds so Julian could restore their lead.
‘A minute? I won't need it mate,' Julian laughed as they sped off into the distance.
Lost in the city
As the pair raced to their next point in Vauxhall, five miles to the southwest, Craig was drawn deep into the heart of the metropolis, while Julian's know-how led them south of the river.
As Craig struggled through the traffic-choked streets, they knew that this was where the Garmin could make or break their race.
They hit their first test by the Tower of London – roadworks. Amid fluoro-clad workmen, and the cacophony of pneumatic drills and blaring horns, Craig's Garmin told them to go right over a 5ft by 5ft hole in the ground or take a one-way diversion around the block.
Like an urban cyclocross pro, they disembarked and jumped the pavement with their bike hoisted on their shoulder and legged it. With the obstacle suitably negotiated, they then clipped back in and got the cranks spinning as fast as they could.
Unfortunately, they stumbled upon several more sets of roadworks over the next couple of miles, slowing them down further.
In the meantime, the savvy cycle messenger was steadily weaving their way through a maze of lanes on the south side of the river.
Caught in a jam
Having squirmed through the unforgiving gaps on Queen Victoria Street, Craig found themselves on Blackfriars Bridge, where a race-day nightmare awaited him.
Road works either side of the road meant the bridge was solid with traffic. Julian's pre-race wisdom now rang in our man's ears.
‘You can look any address up on a phone or GPS,' Julian had told them before they set off, ‘but it will always give you a very narrow context.' But it wasn't a narrow context that was going to cost our man the race – it was idiocy.
As Craig began picking their way across the bridge, to their total surprise the Garmin told them to turn around. It didn't seem right but Craig's response was to do EXACTLY what they were told.
After all, they figured, this device uses the Russian GLONASS (Global Navigation Satellite System) network. It also uses the US-built GPS (Global Positioning System).
That was a combined total of 55 satellites out there in space helping them to cross the capital. Surely the Garmin must know what it's doing?
Well, yes, it did, it's just that our chap didn't. And as they rode back to the north side of the river again, the Garmin told them to do another U-turn.
By now the penny was beginning to drop. So poking into the map, Craig zoomed out to get their bearings, only to realise that, in their haste, he'd missed a small side road on their return trip across the bridge.
So they crossed the bridge for a third time(!), finally found their slip road and sped off towards their destination.
Doing the knowledge
The idea of pitching a well-versed brain against a computer device that has access to technologies floating in orbit around the planet is a tricky one.
‘The brain is actually able to do more calculations per second than even the fastest supercomputer,' says Kwabena Boahen, associate professor of bioengineering at Stanford University in the States (he clearly hasn't seen our Craig on a Monday morning).
These calculations are basic instincts, though, like how deep your next breath needs to be or how much grip you'll need to pick up an object.
Julian's brain calculates their route with ease, the streets of London are instinctive after years of cycling them. ‘Eventually you learn it,' they tell BikesEtc after the race, as they finger the pages of a shabby AtoZ, ‘it just sinks in.'
However, not everyone has the time or inclination to learn the roads this way and that's where the Garmin Edge 1000 comes into its own – especially in the thoroughfares and alleyways of an urban sprawl.
The accessibility of its technology means you don't have to spend years memorising every cobble and corner when you go to ride in Paris, Bruges or Amsterdam.
It means you can fly to the Alps and find your way to the summit of Alpe d'Huez without having to test the limits of your GCSE French by asking for directions. That alone warrants the highest praise.
Now back on track, Craig found themselves riding head on into the wind along Albert Embankment, and struggling to pick up any threatening pace.
The newly paved Cycle Superhighway was a pleasant change from an undulating ride along Belvedere Road and Lambeth Palace Road.
Arriving in Bonnington Square, Vauxhall, there was no sign of Julian. Craig's Garmin bleeped – a reminder that they needed to press on to their final destination – The Mall and Buckingham Palace.
Ride like the wind
With the wind at their back, they rode hard, not knowing whether they had finally lurched ahead of their fellow racer or not. As they sped over Westminster Bridge and past Big Ben, swells of tourists poured in and out of Westminster Square.
Racing along Whitehall, trying to ride the wave of green lights, their Garmin pushed them on, as Craig got themselves in the zone. They wanted to win this and the idea of a sprint finish was something he'd been talking about for weeks.
Up ahead, they spotted a rider. Getting down over the bars, Craig dug deep. This was it. Both riders turned the corner onto the Mall, with Craig a mere 10 metres behind him.
Sprinting up towards the golden statue of Victoria, Craig sped past the other bike. They were a colossus, a hero, a man who could rightfully take their place in the Pantheon of road cycling fame alongside such luminaries as Wiggins, Simpson, and Merckx… well, they could if the guy he'd just taken had actually been Julian. It wasn't.
‘Craig!' a voice called at them from across the road. It was Julian. Sitting by the side of the road looking well chilled. He'd been there for 15 minutes.
Comparing routes, it became clear where our man had gone wrong. The Garmin was a great little device, it had dragged Craig down routes he'd never have considered and along cycleways that let them switch off and race. But it had also played its part in Craig's failure.
Along with their spindly legs and general incompetence.
Julian is a local's local though, their brain had gone over these streets a thousand times or more. And one positive we can take from this little experiment is that we humans can rest easy in our beds.
The rise of the machines, it would seem, is still some way off.
The final verdict
In defence of Craig's little electronic friend, however, it did the job they asked of it. Yes there were problems, but they mostly found it easy to follow and the Open Source mapping meant it was extremely accurate.
Operating with superb satellite coverage and smart technology, the Garmin gave our man expert guidance through London. Julian and others of their ilk have navigational superpowers, no doubt, but for us mere mortals the superb Garmin Edge 1000 helps level the playing field.
Well, maybe just a little.
When not dropping people on bikes, Julian Sayarer writes and has recently released their latest book, Messengers: City Tales From A London Courier, priced £8.99 – see arcadiabooks.co.uk for details
This article was first published to Cyclist.co.uk in March 2016
" Deankar You people are pathetic. This is literally nothing more than a copy and paste of a previous troll thread and it still managed to get 40 pages. This community is a joke.
This stopped being about the OP a while ago. I'm sure most of the people posting know it's just another SRS gaming bomb by someone doing the forum equivalent of crop-dusting (used here with the Urban Dictionary firmly in mind).
I don't think that allowing such an event to burgeon into a multifaceted conversation about aesthetics, kitsch and bondage makes people 'pathetic'.
What I do think is pathetic that you feel the need to call it such when no one asked you, when it has nothing to do with the conversation at hand, and when you seem not to realise that your opinion weighs neither more nor less than anyone else's here.
That's pathetic. This stopped being about the OP a while ago. I'm sure most of the people posting know it's just another SRS gaming bomb by someone doing the forum equivalent of crop-dusting (used here with the Urban Dictionary firmly in mind).I don't think that allowing such an event to burgeon into a multifaceted conversation about aesthetics, kitsch and bondage makes people 'pathetic'.What I do think is pathetic that you feel the need to call it such when no one asked you, when it has nothing to do with the conversation at hand, and when you seem not to realise that your opinion weighs neither more nor less than anyone else's here.That's pathetic. We all have to lie sometimes. It's just a part of being a grown-up.
It's the ones who lie even when they don't have to of whom you should be particularly wary.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE Saturday slammed Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's policies while they served as secretary of state, blaming them for ISIS' rise in the Middle East.
"Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya.  They are reckless and dangerous," Trump tweeted Saturday.
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya.  They are reckless and dangerous! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 21, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump has unleashed a salvo of attacks on Clinton after becoming the Republican party's presumptive nominee, mostly focusing on their "bad judgement" as secretary of State and their husband's marital affairs.
Clinton fired back earlier this week, calling Trump "not qualified" to be president.
"I know how hard this job is, and I know that we need steadiness as well as strength and smarts in it, and I have concluded they are not qualified to be president of the United States," Clinton said to CNN's Chris Cuomo.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201702/791/1155968404_5334469820001_5334473086001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Photo by M. Scott Mahaskey/POLITICO White nationalist leader kicked out of CPAC On their way out, Richard Spencer rebuked Milo Yiannopoulos, who was disinvited from the event earlier this week.
Richard Spencer, a leader of the white nationalist movement, said they were “glad” that disgraced Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos was disinvited from the Conservative Political Action Conference after they made controversial statements on pedophilia, while leaving the conservative conference Thursday after their own credentials had been revoked.
"I totally reject Milo and I'm glad that they were disinvited," Spencer said about Yiannopoulos, who resigned from Breitbart this week after remarks surfaced in which they praised pedophilia. The right-wing journalist was slated to be keynote speaker at CPAC but was disinvited earlier this week because of the controversy.
Story Continued Below
"I was willing to tolerate them or maybe be ambivalent about them but after their video clips, there's no way that I could support Milo in any way."
Yiannopoulos, who has stirred up controversy in recent weeks with their appearances on college campuses, resigned from Breitbart and lost a major book deal after tapes emerged on which they advocated sexual relationships between "younger boys and older men."
In their resignation statement, Yiannopoulos said they believed the tapes were selectively edited.
"To repeat: I do not support child abuse," Yiannopoulos said at a news conference. "I am sorry to other abuse victims who may have interpreted my statements as flippant."
Spencer, who purchased their own tickets to CPAC, was ejected after a CPAC staffer spotted them and revoked their credentials. Defiant, Spencer flashed their empty lanyard to reporters as they left the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center just outside D.C., where the conservative confab is taking place over the next few days.
"They threw me out, it's pathetic," they said on their way out, saying that they wanted to have conversations inside on identity politics.
“I guess that they just discovered who I was, because the truth is that people want to talk to me, not to other conservatives.”
A CPAC spokesperson told NBC that the group ejected Spencer because it finds their views “repugnant.”
American Conservative Union Chairman Matt Schlapp told POLITICO that it was the group's right to revoke Spencer's credentials. “You are welcome to come down here, we will have civil conservation about things we disagree with but there are boundaries, one of those boundaries is having respect for people, people's heritage, people's race, and the alt-right is not a voice in the conservative movement," Schlapp said.
But Spencer fired back: "CPAC cannot host a speech where they denounce the alt-right by name and then expect me not to come. They're children. I mean, look, adults will engage in dialogue particularly when you're going to denounce someone. They're not even engaging in dialogue."
Spencer, who is the president of the National Policy Institute, a white nationalist think tank, was unsparing in their criticism of Yiannopoulos, who is also considered an alt-right activist.
“He glorified and excused the sexual abuse of other people,” Spencer said. “That is absolutely out of bounds."
Yiannopoulos brushed off Spencer's criticisms. "Richard Spencer knows that for the rest of their life their best shot at getting attention is to talk about me," Yiannopoulos told POLITICO. "I don't begrudge them the scraps they crave."
Liverpool will look to sell Mario Balotelli but the chances of them leaving in January are small.
The Italy forward has failed to deliver on the pitch and Liverpool can ill afford any passengers at the moment having scored just seven league goals at Anfield this season.
However, the injury to Daniel Sturridge and the likelihood that Divock Origi will stay at Lille, at this stage, means Balotelli will likely see out the season.
VIDEO Scroll down for Premier League target Martinez scores with a back-heeled volley
Liverpool will look to sell Mario Balotelli but the chances of the misfit striker leaving in January are small
Liverpool do not wish to buy their way out of trouble but will continue to evaluate potential new strikers.
Porto's Jackson Martinez has been offered to them, while West Ham's prolific Diafra Sakho and West Bromwich Albion's Saido Berahino have been watched.
The goalkeeper situation is still pressing for manager Brendan Rodgers and they have watched Cologne's Timo Horn, a 21-year-old 6ft 4in Germany Under 21 keeper, a couple of times but ideally need an experienced man to replace current No 1 Simon Mignolet.
West Bromwich Albion's Saido Berahino has been watched by Liverpool as a possible purchase in January
West Ham's prolific striker Diafra Sakho could be the answer to Liverpool's problems in the next transfer slot
Porto's Jackson Martinez has been offered to Liverpool for when the January transfer window opens
West Ham are monitoring Marseille defender Nicolas N'Koulou as they prepare to lose Winston Reid.
While Sam Allardyce was ensuring their team were riding high in third position in the Premier League on Sunday, clubs scouts were dispatched to watch versatile Cameroon man N'Koulou.
West Ham are bracing themselves for offers for Reid who has attracted interest from Arsenal and Everton.  They are out of contract in the summer and the chances of them agreeing a new deal look slim.
The Hammers are reluctant to sell but will do should someone offer £6million or more in the January window.
West Ham are monitoring Marseille defender Nicolas N'Koulou (left) as they prepare to lose Winston Reid
The 24-year-old N'Koulou played in the middle of a three-man defence as Marseille beat Metz 3-1 on Sunday.
A former target for Arsenal and Atletico Madrid, N'Koulou is well regarded around Europe.  They are a product of the Kadji Sports Academy in Douala which also helped develop Samuel Eto'o and previously played for Monaco.
Napoli, Liverpool and Newcastle have also watched them in recent seasons.
West Ham are bracing themselves for offers for Winston Reid who has attracted interest from Arsenal
Cardiff City are showing an interest in Celtic striker Anthony Stokes.
The 26-year-old Republic of Ireland forward has scored seven goals this season, including the winner against Motherwell on Saturday.
They have averaged just under a goal every two games during their time at Celtic and that has alerted English league clubs looking for strikers in January.
Cardiff City are showing an interest in Celtic striker Anthony Stokes (right, pictured scoring on Saturday)
The 26-year-old Republic of Ireland striker has scored seven goals this season for Celtic
The Dubliner began their career with Shelbourne before moving to Arsenal. They had subsequent spells at Sunderland, Sheffield United and Crystal Palace but failed to make an impact.
There is a sense they still want to prove themselves south of the border and Cardiff are willing to give them a chance. Celtic may listen to bids around £2m.
Everton are following Legia Warsaw midfielder Ondrej Duda.
The Slovakia star caught the eye of Toffees scouts when they starred for Legia in their Champions League demolition of Celtic early in the season. The Polish club were thrown out because they fielded an ineligible player but Duda has continued to impress.
Everton have been present at Legia's last four games and Roberto Martinez's trusted chief scout Kevin Reeves has also been along to watch the 20-year-old.
Everton are following Legia Warsaw midfielder Ondrej Duda with the January transfer window coming up
Duda, who has scored five goals this season, plays as an attacking midfielder and sometimes as a secondary striker but they can also play deeper and has an eye for a pass.
Legia only signed them last summer on a free after they allowed their contract to run down at previous club Kosice.
The Poles value Duda in the £7m bracket but Everton would be looking to pay around £3.5m if they press ahead.
Everton do not wish to sell their players but are wary of increased interest in James McCarthy - on whom Arsenal and Tottenham are keen - and Ross Barkley.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez (pictured) is tracking Legia Warsaw midfielder Duda
Crystal Palace want a centre forward in January and have evaluated the merits of Bafetimbi Gomis at Swansea, Connor Wickham of Sunderland and Watford's Troy Deeney.
Gomis has a £7m release clause but would prefer a move to a bigger club should they leave Swansea while Wickham is leaning towards signing a new deal at Sunderland.
Deeney is a player several Premier League sides are considering but they won't come cheap with Watford holding out for at least the same £11m fee Leeds gained from Fulham for Ross McCormack. That is likely to deter Palace.
Crystal Palace want a centre forward in January and have evaluated the merits of Swansea's Bafetimbi Gomis
Connor Wickham (right) of Sunderland is also on Crystal Palace's list as they look for a centre forward
Deeney is a player several Premier League sides are considering but they won't come cheap for Crystal Palace
Newcastle are continuing to watch Anderlecht's Aleksandar Mitrovic ahead of a proposed January bid.
Club scouts watched the 20-year-old against Galatasaray in the Champions League. Although they failed to score in a 2-0 win, the Serbia striker still had a decent game.
Mitrovic is valued at £15m and scored the equaliser for Anderlecht in their 3-3 draw with Arsenal last month. They have nine goals this season.
Alan Pardew wants someone to share the burden with Papiss Cisse and 6ft 3in Mitrovic is seen as a player who can also develop with good sell-on value.
Newcastle are continuing to watch Anderlecht's Aleksandar Mitrovic ahead of a proposed January bid
Mitrovic is valued at £15m and scored for Anderlecht in their 3-3 draw at Arsenal (pictured third right)
Sunderland and Swansea are among clubs chasing Palermo defender Ezequiel Munoz but there is a wrangle developing over who represents him.
The 24-year-old Argentine is available for around £4m and has several European clubs on their trail with several agents also proposing a deal.
However, it is understood Italian agent Claudio Mossio is the man with the valid paperwork. Munoz, whose nickname is El Chiquito, was formerly with Boca Juniors has dual Spanish nationality and can play centre back and right back.
Dozens of scientists at work on thorium, an alternative to uranium
For the past five years, a group of Czechs and Australians have been working on the beginnings of a partnership to develop an energy source they say could be the answer to Europe's growing energy needs and lower emissions goals, but without the safety risks associated with nuclear reactors. Now, following the meltdown of the Daicchi nuclear plant in Japan, which raised major safety questions, they say they have found new momentum in their project to develop a thorium-fueled molten salt reactor (MSR).
MSRs are just one of many types of reactors that use thorium but are increasingly seen as potentially holding the key to restarting Europe's stalled nuclear renaissance. The thorium – supplies of which are much more abundant than uranium – is dissolved into liquid hot salts, eliminating the risk of meltdown and producing less radioactive waste. The process also allows existing uranium waste to be thrown into the fuel mix. In addition, the products from some MSR models can't be used for the creation of nuclear weapons.
“With Fukushima, the need to find safer energy sources has become the number one thing in all countries for energy security and safety, and the Czech Republic is a leader in this field,” said Bob Stephens, who partners with Thorium Energy Pty. Limited, a Czech and Australian partnership with around 50 scientists working on the development of commercial MSRs.
The first MSR was developed in the United States in the 1960s, but funding was later diverted to nuclear weapons technology. Since then, numerous solid-fuel reactors have been established that use thorium, mostly in Canada, Russia, India and Germany, but work on MSRs has been all but shelved.
Now, concerns about energy security and nuclear safety are helping to drive greater funding sources for research and development of nuclear alternatives, Stephens said, adding that the partnership is on track to unveiling an official consortium later this year to begin the research and development phase of their project, for which there is an estimated “outer limit of five years.”
“In Australia, there are great resources, and then the Czechs have the brains and the technology. Put together these two facts, and it results in a really great relation between these two countries,” said Peter Stepanek, managing director of Thorium Energy Pty. Limited.
There are more than a few global efforts developing MSRs, with China potentially leading the way after the government agreed to fund a private company with goals of producing a small MSR within five years.
But whether MSRs will be a major factor in the global energy mix remains to be seen, as time estimates for deployment range from five years to more than 50, a variable related to the amount of money funneled into development in a time when cash is tight, and, perhaps more strongly, to the tough licensing procedures as well as how cost-effective MSRs will be.
“This particular proposal for the use of thorium is very credible and has been demonstrated, but it's just one of several modes, and if you're talking strictly about getting energy from thorium, there are others that would leapfrog the MSR in terms of getting licensed,” said Julian Kelly, senior project manager for fuel technology at the World Nuclear Association.
Their estimate is 20 years before there could be a significant MSR presence, while there are several models of thorium reactors more developed than MSRs that also meet some of the concerns.
“There has been a lot of emotion and excitement about thorium, but you need a clear strategy assessment of what you want out of your thorium fuel,” Kelly said.
No single reactor model can exploit all the different advantages of thorium, they said, as some produce more energy than is consumed while operating at lower temperatures, and others can burn off uranium waste.
“You have to ask what your motivating factors for using thorium are. Then that will dictate the technology choice and how you do your research and development efforts,” they said.
For the Czech Republic, in light of policy proposals that suggest nuclear energy will continue to be a major part of the energy mix for the foreseeable future, MSRs can be used as a “credible waste management system” alongside uranium nuclear reactors, Kelly said.
Thorium Energy Pty. Limited representatives would not reveal details like funding sources or partners but did say they were in contact with supportive Czech policymakers.
“As that matures and progresses, we will move to memorandums of understanding between various industry groups in the Czech Republic and Australia, and formally move forward. That's where we're at and nothing more,” Stephens said.
A French company is under fire for pedaling its spyware to parents under the pretense that it could be used to out their own kids.
The firm, Fireworld, posted a since deleted article to its site that encouraged parents to buy its “invisible PC spy software” so it could be used “to find out if your son is gay” the BBC reported.
According to the company's English site, its spyware can secretly monitor web activity, figure out passwords, view a user's real-time activity and take remote screenshots.
Once passwords were discovered, the article encouraged parents to engage in activities such as “monitoring their Facebook use,” seeing “if they have visited gay forums” and “spying on their private messages,” per the BBC.
It also listed a series of signs that would help a parent determine if a boy is gay, such as being shy, having certain piercings, “taking good care of himself” and enjoying books, theater, female singers and “divas.”
The article asserted: “Family is fundamental. That's why the sexual orientation of your children, directly responsible for the continuation of your family, is very important to you.”
It also warned parents that if they didn't install the software, “you will perhaps never be a grandparent and you won't have the happiness to know your grandson,” the website Pink News reported.
L'Amicale des jeunes du Refuge, a French youth LGBT rights group, tweeted about the article, catching the attention of Marlène Schiappa, the French secretary of state for equality, who retweeted it.
Ceci👇🏿 démontre qu'homophobie & sexisme prennent racines ds les mêmes stéréotypes de genre
Nous les combattons ensemble @DILCRAH @Egal_FH https://t.co/juUhX3Utxu — MarleneSchiappa (@MarleneSchiappa) August 22, 2017
“This shows that homophobia and sexism are rooted in the same gender stereotypes. We fight them together,” Schiappa's tweet read.
L'Amicale des jeunes du Refuge tweeted that Fireworld apologized to the group.
Fireworld nous a écrit "Ces articles avaient pour seul but d'améliorer le référencement & n'étaient pas destinés à être lus par des humains" pic.twitter.com/dYFfoldlPQ — AmicaleJeunesRefuge (@AmicaleRefuge) August 22, 2017
“Fireworld wrote to us ‘The only goal of these articles was to improve search engine optimization & were not meant to be read by humans,'” the tweet reads.
NewNowNext, Logo TV's blog, also received a statement via email from Fireworld.
“The article had the sole aim of improving search engine optimization and was never intended to be read by humans,” the company told the site. “We regret not having reflected on the consequences of this type of content … We sincerely apologize to all those who may have felt offended by this content.”
The company's English site still lists a number of other reasons why someone would want to install its spyware, including “monitoring the activity of your employees” and to see if your spouse is cheating on you.
Verbal Tap MMA Comedy Podcast
Surprise suckas! We're back with a SECOND episode this week (and damn, we've got a good one ready for ya). Straight from their thrilling win at EBI 10, Geo Martinez joins us to chat about their amazing performance out at Mexico City last Friday. We not only get to hear about how Geo made their transition from breakdancing to jiu-jitsu, but we also get to hear about how they met Eddie Bravo, what it's like to have a brother doing jiu-jitsu with you, and the extensive prep they put into this sub only showdown. Plus, we break down their matches, ask them what they thought about those internet trolls who thought they were stalling in the finals, and get an answer about a potential rematch with Eddie "Wolverine" Cummings. This is a CAN'T MISS episode people.
The patient suspected of having Ebola was transferred to the Lausanne University Hospital (Keystone)
Switzerland has pledged an additional CHF5 million ($5.3 million) to the fight against the Ebola virus in West Africa, bringing its donation total to CHF9 million. Swiss President Didier Burkhalter announced the donation at the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Switzerland is focusing its aid efforts on the containment of the epidemic through treatment and prevention, strengthening the health system and reducing the negative secondary effects such as food insecurity. These areas of focus were identified earlier this month during a joint mission to Liberia of the Swiss Humanitarian Aid organisation and the Geneva University Hospital.
The number of infections in the Ebola epidemic in Africa could more than triple by November, to more than 20,000 people, according to predictions in a study published on Tuesday in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The Geneva-based World Health Organization, which co-authored the study with the Imperial College in London, warned that new infections could increase from hundreds to thousands per week if nothing more is done to help.
The study's authors reported that the death rate from the current epidemic in West Africa is much higher than in the past: around 70% of infected people, compared with 50% previously.
In the five affected countries – Liberia, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Senegal – 5,864 people have been infected since March 2014 and 2811 have died.
In Nigeria and Senegal the epidemic is considered under control, whereas in the other three countries only a fraction of the needed healthcare personnel and hospital beds are available, said Antonio Vigilante, the head of the United Nations development programme in Liberia.
Sierra Leone's army has “sealed off” the borders with Liberia and Guinea in a bid to halt the spread of Ebola, an army spokesperson said on Tuesday.
Suspected cases
On Wednesday, the Federal Office of Public Health said tests on the first suspected case of Ebola in Switzerland had come back negative and the man did not have the virus, although the tests would be repeated to be sure.
The man, who had left Guinea for France on September 15 and arrived in Switzerland on September 17, had been quarantined in a hospital in canton Vaud following their arrival, after they told officials at the asylum centre that a member of their family had died of Ebola.
In their first week in Lausanne University Hospital they showed no symptoms and was thus not contagious, according to the health office. One week after arrival they developed a fever and was transferred to Lausanne according to the criteria set out by the health office.
On Monday, an international health worker bitten by an infected patient in Sierra Leone was flown to Geneva University Hospital for observation.
swissinfo.ch
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
Finally, it's October! It is the time of the year, that the leaves begin to start changing colors and the month that contains one of my favorite holidays, Halloween! My wife and I go all out decorating our house. We even hand-spun our own 20-foot spiderweb and topped it off with ‘bodies' on which the giant spiders feed!
However, this not what I am here to tell you about. October also brings Hacktoberfest, Digital Ocean's a month-long hackathon. This is done in partnership with Github, and allows open source projects to participate by adding a #hacktoberfest label to open issues. I'll be participating in this event all month by contributing to PHP projects.
Why Hacktoberfest?
It doesn't matter if you're new to development or an experienced developer. An event like this is a great way to help make the tools that you use every day even better. Project owners can use events like this to get more community involvement in their project. The PHP community is huge in FOSS (free and open source software) and many projects allow for contributions from developers outside of the organization.
Projects I Will Contribute To
Though it is hard to say what will be available in the time frame that I will have, there are a few projects, that I use, to which I plan to make some pull requests. The first project, that I will definitely get my hands on, is Laravel. In the framework development I do, Laravel is, absolutely, my bread and butter. Another project I have been watching for a while now and will potentially contribute to is Cachet, an open source status page system. I will be streaming live over on Livecoding.tv during my contribution time. Come join me, watch me develop, and let me know what you are working on.
How To Participate
If you are looking to help out with some projects, it is pretty easy (as long as you know how to use GIT). The first step is to choose a project, or projects, that interests you by looking at GitHub for the label #hacktoberfest. The second step is for you to jump in and fix the bug or add the enhancement. The last step is to submit a pull request back to the project. That is it! Three steps and you will have participated in the 2016 Hacktoberfest!
Stormpath Involvement
Stormpath, as the project maintainer for the PHP Integrations, will have a few issues labeled with the #hacktoberfest label. These are issues that have been placed in the repositories and are great for first-time contributors or developers that want to get more involved with contributing. I also have some more advanced issues that are accepting pull requests. Remember, all you have to do is fork the repository, make the change, and submit a PR back to us. As a bonus, all accepted PR's to our PHP integrations will receive one of our famous Stormpath t-shirts (while supplies last)!
So, get out there and contribute to FOSS projects. Even if it is not to Stormpath, help make other projects even better than they are now! Learn more about the event at Digital Ocean and join me in Hacktoberfest!
Follow me on Twitter @bretterer to find out what I am contributing to.
// Brian
?>
“I'm going to change the law on this. … I'm not DUI. I wasn't driving the car anyway.”
GOP State Sen. Paul Campbell, arrested Saturday on charges of DUI and lying to a police officer, faces suspension from the South Carolina legislature.
The Republican Senator insisted repeatedly while being arrested that they aren't behind the wheel when their car rear-ended the front car on Interstate 26 and their wife was driving. According to dashcam video of the Highway Patrol released on Wednesday, they also worried about their job on the way to jail.
“This is not fun. This kinda sucks,” Sen. Campbell is heard saying. “I'm going to change the law on this. … I'm not DUI. I wasn't driving the car anyway.” “This may cost me my job. You know that, I guess,” they told the officer.
Sen. Campbell complained to the officer about the handcuffs hurting their hands and asked for special treatment, saying they were unnecessary.
Campbell boasted to the arresting officer that they are also a chief executive of the Charleston airport, where they receive a $250,000 salary.
“Of course, I may not be after this,” Campbell said predicting the aftermath.
The woman Campbell rear-end “was absolutely adamant, positive they were driving” and the couple swapped seats following the crash.
Campbell's blood-alcohol level was reportedly recorded at .09 percent, which is in excess of the .08 limit in South Carolina.
State Attorney General Alan Wilson said they believe that lying to police counts as a crime of “moral turpitude” that would require Campbell be suspended under South Carolina law.
“So I get to spend the night in jail? I'm OK with that,” they accepted it on the ride to jail.
Campbell, R-Goose Creek, and their wife, Vicki, were on their way home from a Charleston marina on Saturday night when “traffic just kinda stopped,” they told two responding S.C. Highway Patrol troopers. They said they almost managed to stop, “but didn't quite.”
After failing the sobriety test, they laughingly acknowledged not doing well on their side-of-the-road sobriety tests. They wobbled while walking heel to toe, the video showed. They then told the officer, coming up with an excuse, he's diabetic and one leg is slightly shorter than the other.
Campbell is set to appear in magistrate's court on Jan. 8.
WASHINGTON — The chairperson of the Senate Commerce Committee demanded on Tuesday that Facebook explain how it handles news articles in its “trending” list, responding to a report that staff members had intentionally suppressed articles from conservative sources.
In a letter, the chairperson, Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota, asked Facebook to describe the steps it was taking to investigate the claims and to provide any records about articles that its news curators had excluded or added. Mr. Thune also asked directly whether the curators had “in fact manipulated the content,” something Facebook denied in a statement on Monday.
“If there's any level of subjectivity associated with it, or if, as reports have suggested that there might have been, an attempt to suppress conservative stories or keep them from trending and get other stories out there, I think it's important for people to know that,” Mr. Thune told reporters on Tuesday. “That's just a matter of transparency and honesty, and there shouldn't be any attempt to mislead the American public.”
Mr. Thune's actions raised further questions about the content seen by the 1.6 billion people who regularly use Facebook. The platform's growing role as an arena for news distribution has raised some concerns that it could have undue influence over the flow of information, but any effort by the federal government to regulate or investigate editorial decisions could run into First Amendment protections.
Malaysia has come under some fire from quite a few quarters due to a few flag mistakes.
Here's one of their newspapers mistaking Indonesia for Poland.
Advertisement
And their broadcast getting a few countries wrong.
Only one country has seemingly been free from the flag errors: The host country, Malaysia.
Understandably so, it is their home country after all.
Well, all that changes now.
Freestyle
During the finals of the 50m freestyle (which our very own Tzen Wei Teong won, yayyy) the swimmers were introduced prior to the swim.
Keith Lim Kit Sern was in lane 6, representing Malaysia.
Even from the very start you could see something off. The flags were all on point, but Keith for some reason was competing under KUL, instead of MAL, for Malaysia.
Maybe that was for Kuala Lumpur?
But it is after all, the flag you represent, rather than abbreviations beside your name.
So, everyone moved on to the introductions.
How that works is basically an athlete does their own thing, as the announcer introduces them, following which a helpful little infographic mentioning the swimmer's name and nationality will pop up.
Here's an example of eventual winner, Tzen Wei Teong.
Cool.
Here's Keith's introduction.
Not only did they still get the country's abbreviation wrong, they changed the Malaysia flag to a Singapore one.
And in case the broadcasters need to see what the flag looks like, you could take a glance at literally the side of their head.
Next level.
Images from YouTube
Here are some totally unrelated but equally interesting stories:
6 signs you were born to be an engineer
These S'poreans prove that you don't need superpowers to be a hero
An East-sider's guide to spend a day like a tourist in the east
Related article:
Malaysia got 8 out of 11 flags wrong in a medal tally broadcast on TV during the SEA Games
Image caption Anthrax can be transferred to humans who handle or eat animals infected with the bacteria
Bangladesh has put health officials on high alert after the number of people infected by anthrax in the north of country rose to more than 300.
About 150 cattle have so far been killed by the disease that can be transferred to humans who handle or eat infected animals.
The current outbreak is the biggest in the country's history, an official said.
The government has ordered that all sick cows must be culled immediately.
Since 18 August 327 people have been infected with anthrax, the health ministry said on Sunday.
So far anthrax infections have been confirmed in five districts.
However, officials fear that the disease might already have spread to two more districts.
"We have issued a red alert and asked livestock officials, civil surgeons and health workers to fan out to detect sick cows and cull them immediately," the Minister for Fisheries and Livestock, Abdul Latif Biswas, said.
Around 500,000 ampoules of cattle vaccine were distributed in the affected areas, the minister added.
Often deadly, anthrax exists naturally in the soil and commonly infects livestock, especially during or after the monsoon when water brings it up to the surface.
Officials say all the cases in Bangladesh are cutaneous, or skin anthrax, which causes wound-like lesions.
"This type of anthrax is not that much dangerous to humans because there's treatment available," Mahmudur Rahman, director of Bangladesh's Institute of Epidemiology, Disease Control and Research, told the BBC.
Today's Campaign Update
The sleazebags who run MoveOn.org set a new standard for leftist hypocrisy on Saturday when they issued the following tweet: “Allegations regarding @ SenFranken are deeply disturbing. Progressives & Democrats must not tolerate sexual harassment or assault. We must lift up women & others speaking out. @ SenFranken should be held to the same standard as anyone in public or private life.” The more you know… – For all you younger folks who may not be aware of the group's sordid history, MoveOn.org was founded in the late 1990s as an advocacy group with its single goal to protect the serial woman abuser BillClinton from being held accountable for their abuse of women. That is literally the only reason why MoveOn.org exists. #hypocrisy Hey, maybe he's just going for laughs here. – Don't look now, but former FBI Director James “Leakey” Comey is setting off on a speaking tour sponsored by the Washington Speakers Bureau. The subject for Comey's series of talks? “Ethical Leadership.” That is not a typo – obviously, the WSB expects its audiences to be filled with nothing but Democrats and fake conservative #NeverTrump refugees. I swear I don't make this stuff up. Wait, what? How did this get into the Huffpo? – As rumors of handsy ol' Joe Biden's plans to run for the presidency for a third time in 2020 continue to swirl, leftwingers everywhere are getting very nervous about the fact that there are literally hours upon hours of video out there in the public domain of the former Veep inappropriately putting their hands on women and girls and invading their space. As liberal heroes all over the country, like Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey and Al Franken are revealed to be horrific sexual harassers, it is becoming quite obvious that a Biden run for the presidency would be like manna from heaven for the Republican Party. Even the near-terminal nitwits who run the ultra-leftwing online fake news site, the Huffington Post, are waking up to this uncomfortable reality. And when the HuffPo is waking up to inconvenient truths about the left, that means pretty much everyone else already has, since the folks at the HuffPo are very slow learners. On Saturday, Amanda Terkel, the fake news site's Washington Bureau Chief, published a very long expose' on Handsy Joe's history of publicly groping women, saying that “From former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly to producer Harvey Weinstein to comedian Louis C.K., men are losing their jobs after years of having sexually harassed or assaulted women with impunity. Biden is the wrong guy to bear the standard of any party purporting to speak for the victims of unaccountable power.” Well, yeah. So good of you to notice, at long last. Ms. Terkel's piece about Biden comes on the heels of several reliable Clinton media shills publishing pieces expressing their sudden thoughts that hey, maybe those 25 years we spent helping Hillary Clinton cover up Bill Clinton's crimes against all those women wasn't the best thing for us to be doing, huh? Now, if you're thinking that all these fake journalists are really, truly having moral awakenings about the shameful way they've conducted themselves in their jobs over the last quarter century, you should put those thoughts on hold. The reality is that they'd all much rather still be shilling for the Clintons and Handsy Joe, and joining the James Carvilles in viciously attacking their accusers into perpetuity. The one and only reason why the Jeff Greenfields and Mika Brzezinskis are out there this week trying to sound sort of thoughtful about their years of protecting a creep is because they've been caught. They're like the kid caught with their hand in the cookie jar, desperately swearing they won't do it anymore if mom will just let them off easy this time. These people do not deserve to be let off easy. The media shills for the Clintons and Handsy Joe deserve only our scorn and disgust, because they are among the most detestable human beings in our society. To hell with them all. Just another day in leftwing lunacy America. That is all.
Follow me on Twitter at @GDBlackmon
Today's news moves at a faster pace than ever. Whatfinger.com is my go-to source for keeping up with all the latest events in real time.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
How to use FTPVita to transfer files to your Vita
FTPVita is one of the first native Hombrews made by xerpi and comes in very handy for installing files such as roms for the latest Emulators.
Here's a quick tutorial for installing roms to use with Realboy Vita for example.
Lets get to it!
1) At first you will need to download the Hombrew itself of course.. Download FTPVita.elf
2) Next up you will need to have Rejuvenated installed and working.
– How to set up and run the Vita hack “Rejuvenate”
– PSM+
3) Like with the hello_world.elf sample you will need to drag and drop the FTPVita.elf onto the run_homebrew.bat
4) You will see the CMD doing its magic..
..and if everything worked like it should, you will see the Hombrew popping up on your Vita:
5) Now you need any FTP program like FileZilla for example and enter the IP and port to connect
6) And there we go! The dev assistant's file sytem (cache0:/)!
Open up VitaDefilerClient and your files should go to Documents
You can even create subfolders in there, like “Game Boy Roms” or whatever you like!
(Savegames of RealBoy will be stored in cache0:/VitaDefilerClient/Documents/realboy/saves)
For more Homebrews visit the Homebrew Collection over at the vitadevwiki.com
Catch me on Twitter: @freakler94
Birth is the most transformative process I've ever had the pleasure of witnessing. I remember vividly the first time I saw a new being coming into existence. I was 13 years old, and my aunt was giving birth to their second child, a boy. I was invited into the birth space at the last minute, without much idea of what I could expect. What I saw both terrified and excited me, a moment I'll never forget and would never want to.
As an adult, I've had the honor of entering that primal space as a laboring woman four times, each time emerging on the other side a slightly different human, a mother, like a butterfly breaking free from its chrysalis. I've gone on to build a business of holding space for other mothers, and documenting their unique stories with images they can revisit for a lifetime. I aim to empower and inform other women through my art, and I'm eternally grateful to each of the mothers who have so graciously allowed me to show some of their most intimate moments. Here, I share some of my favorite images from the first 25 births I've documented as a photographer.
WASHINGTON — Human Rights Watch on Thursday released its annual report on threats to human rights around the world, and for the first time in the 27 years it has done these surveys, the United States is one of the biggest. The reason: the rise of Donald J. Trump.
Eight days before Mr. Trump is to be sworn in as president, the human-rights advocacy group declared that their path to power, in a campaign marked by “misogynistic, xenophobic and racist rhetoric,” could “cause tremendous harm to vulnerable communities, contravene the United States' core human rights obligations, or both.”
This is not the first time Human Rights Watch has cast the United States as a bad actor. After the terrorist attacks in September 2001, it took the administration of President George W. Bush to task for waterboarding and other interrogation techniques widely considered to be torture.
But Kenneth Roth, the organization's executive director, said in an interview: “This is a more fundamental threat to human rights than George Bush after 9/11. I see Trump treating human rights as a constraint on the will of the majority in a way that Bush never did.”
Further Reading First footage of Studio Ghibli/Level 5 game looks gorgeous
Famed animation studio Studio Ghibli launched its first TV series, Ronja the Robber's Daughter, in 2014, and fans' wait for an official Western version is now coming to an end, thanks to Amazon.
After the series' 26-episode run wrapped, the studio began shopping an English-language version to various international channels and distributors. That shopping apparently concluded this week, as Amazon confirmed via a Friday press release that Ronja's dub will debut exclusively on Amazon Video in the US, UK, Germany, Austria, and Japan. The news didn't include a release date, but it did confirm one familiar voice joining the Ronja cast: Gillian Anderson, whose voice previously appeared in famed Ghibli film Princess Mononoke.
As the studio's first release to employ 3D-rendered characters, Ronja the Robber's Daughter represents a huge shift for Ghibli's production process. This style will look familiar to anybody who has seen the mix of 2D and 3D animation and heaping dollops of cel-shading from the animation studio's cut scenes in the Ni No Kuni JRPG series of video games. (That game's sequel has yet to launch in either Japan or the West.)
The company's first TV series plays it safe by adapting an existing children's story as opposed to creating its own—in this case, from the works of Swedish author Astrid "Pippi Longstocking" Lindgren. Reviews of its Japanese version point to an approach tailored specifically for little kids, but we imagine Ghibli-loving parents will want to tune in to see the directorial work by Goro Miyazaki, son of Studio Ghibli co-founder Hayao Miyazaki.
Did President Trump obstruct justice in their conversations with former FBI Director Comey? If you've been following Allahpundit's excellent post on Comey's prepared testimony you already know that both they and Ed don't see any evidence of obstruction in it. Now George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley has weighed in on the issue. From the Associated Press:
Jonathan Turley, a law professor at George Washington University, says nothing they read in Comey's statement persuades them that Trump violated the law by interfering with a federal investigation. Turley was referring to the entirety of Comey's written statement, including their account of an Oval Office meeting in which Trump asked Comey to drop the investigation of former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn. Comey says Trump told him, “I hope you can let this go.” Turley says in an email that “the comments are grossly inappropriate,” but that “we do not indict people for being boorish or clueless.”
Of course, that's not how everyone is reading it. Here's CNN's Jeffrey Toobin:
Comey's statement establishes obstruction of justice by Trump. Period. — Jeffrey Toobin (@JeffreyToobin) June 7, 2017
Here they are saying it on CNN:
"If [this] isn't obstruction of justice, I don't know what is": Jeffrey Toobin reacts to Comey's prepared testimony https://t.co/fCg15m1Sdn pic.twitter.com/qDicj7Ceeh — CNN (@CNN) June 7, 2017
Toobin's statement is already being taken as definitive by many people on social media, but a CNN story on the question of obstruction, based on anonymous sources close to Comey, says Comey themselves did not see the incident Toobin cites as rising to the level of obstruction:
As CNN reported last week, while Comey was “disturbed” by their meetings with the President, they “thought they had the situation under control” because they felt the President did not quite grasp the inappropriateness of their actions. Comey believed, according to one source familiar with their thinking, that the President could be “trained” about how you do and do not interact with an FBI director. They considered it, this source added, “an ongoing policing project.” It is reasonable to conclude, this source added, that Comey did not think of any of the individual actions as constituting obstruction of justice. But, they also added, there is a question of whether the “aggregate pattern of behavior” that culminated in their firing could be seen very differently. In other words, while each episode could be seen as a “ham-handed misstep,” the sum of the actions — capped by the Comey firing — could become something much more serious, especially after the President told NBC that they were thinking of the Russia investigation when they made the decision to dismiss Comey.
Clearly, these sources are not arguing that Trump did no wrong. They believe (like Comey?) that there was a pattern, capped by Comey's firing, which may constitute obstruction. But again, the incident cited by Toobin as establishing obstruction did not establish it in Comey's view. Comey seems to have been more in line with Professor Turley in thinking Trump didn't grasp what they were doing.
There will be many more stories on this topic tomorrow but unless Comey goes beyond their written statement, their testimony is not going settle the question of obstruction with a definitive answer. On the contrary, this is already turning into a pitched battle with people reaching very different conclusions based on the same underlying facts.
The toxic stew of mine waste that spilled into Colorado waters and turned a river orange last week is three times as large as officials originally estimated.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on Sunday said it used better metrics to determine that agency regulators had mistakenly released 3 million gallons of wastewater laced with heavy metals, including lead and arsenic, into Cement Creek in San Juan County, where it made its way into the Animas River and then Colorado River.
Initial estimates put the spill at 1 million gallons of wastewater.
The toxic water moved so quickly downstream that it could not be contained, EPA officials said. However, the spill did not cause any “significant health effects” to animals, said EPA toxicologist Deborah McKean.
The Colorado Department of Parks and Wildlife conducted a test of the water's danger shortly after the spill on Wednesday by submerging 108 fish overnight in the Animas River. Of those fish, the department said, only one died, according to The Durango Herald.
But last week's spill was neither the first nor the worst to contaminate Colorado waters. In 1975, 100 miles of the Animas River "looked like aluminum paint," according to The High Country News, quoting The Durango Herald at the time.
Until the late 1970s, there were no regulations on mining in most of the region, meaning anyone could dig a hole anywhere and search for gold, silver, copper or zinc. Abandoned mines filled with groundwater and snowmelt, which became tainted with acids and heavy metals from mining veins and then trickled into the region's waterways.
Experts estimate there are 55,000 such abandoned mines from Colorado to Idaho to California, and federal and state authorities have struggled to clean them for decades. The federal government says 40 percent of the headwaters of Western waterways have been contaminated from mine runoff.
Construction of the 175MW White Rock Wind Farm in Glen Innes NSW will go ahead at the end of this month, the project's owners have said, making it the first large wind project to go ahead since the downsizing of the federal Renewable Energy Target almost a year ago.
White Rock, which stands to be New South Wales' largest wind farm once built, was the first to be approved after the passage of the new RET, and has the further distinction of being located in the heart of Deputy PM Barnaby Joyce's electorate.
The launch of construction of the project follows the news that White Rock's owners, Goldwind, have sold a 75 per cent share in the project to fellow Chinese firm CECEP Wind-Power Corporation (CECWPC), themselves retaining a 25 per cent interest.
“The investment in White Rock Wind Farm is being made on the basis of the Australian government's legislated Renewable Energy Target and the clear support for this Law by the Australian government and the Opposition has been an important factor in making this investment commitment,” said Goldwind CEO John Titchen. “The CECWPC and Goldwind investment will now enable construction to proceed.”
In an emailed statement to RenewEconomy, Titchen said the project did not have a PPA, but would sell the wind farm's output to the NEM on a merchant basis, and Large Scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) would be sold under the RET legislation.
“The market for LGCs has significantly strengthened and more projects are needed to meet the legislated target. It is an excellent time to be investing in Australian wind farms,” they said.
In a joint media statement, the two companies said work would begin on site – in the New England/Northern Tablelands region of NSW – in late April.
The first stage of construction will install 70 2.5MW turbines, although planning approval has been granted for 119 in total, which will be constructed in stages.
Li Shusheng, chairperson of CECWPC, said their company was “very pleased to have secured (the)… opportunity to enter the Australian renewable energy market.
“The 175MW White Rock Wind Farm will be larger than any currently operating wind farm in NSW,” they said, adding that the project's approvals, connection agreement and construction contracts were all in place.
Member for Northern Tablelands Adam Marshall said building the state's largest wind farm at Glen Innes would go a long way towards consolidating the region's status as a hub for renewable energy, as well as bringing investment that is expected to exceed $400 million.
“Building renewable energy projects in this region makes sense – on any measure,” they told the Glen Innes Examiner.
“There's no coal mined in the Northern Tablelands, and there's never likely to be, but we have unlimited availability of wind and solar energy so why not harness that energy, and capture some of the revenue from it to build wealth and infrastructure in our own communities?
Joyce – who once demanded to know “what this insane lemming-like desire to go to renewables” was going to do to Australia's economy – was reportedly equally enthused about the wind farm launch, which will help lend a much-needed sense of “progress” and “innovation” to the Turnbull government score card.
“The project at White Rock will drive innovation and create the jobs of the future, while delivering a financial benefit from the investment of public money,' Joyce said at the launch.
“This project will be a fantastic boost for the local economy as it is expected to employ up to 200 people during the construction phase and generate 10 full-time positions over a 20 year period.
“This and other clean energy projects proposed for the region will ensure the New England is a major player in the field …and clean energy is essential to meet our emissions reduction targets.”
Posted on by Jeffrey Attridge
Meet the Dataverse: An Annual Meeting Data Scavenger Hunt!
Special Event on Data in Anthropological Research at 2018 Annual Meeting
Organized by Dena Plemmons and Rob Albro
(5-0960)– Saturday, 4-6pm
Join us to enliven serious conversations in a fun way within and across the discipline of anthropology about our relationships to data, diverse sorts of data, how these data are encountered and circulate, and the ethical dimensions of all of this!
Our Scavenger Hunt includes five distinct categories in which to scavenge “data”. We anticipate that the challenges of data collection for each category will be different in illuminating ways. You're free to “choose” your own data for each category, so long as they fit the designated criteria, which are:
1) The material (or empirical): provide material artifact that is significant to the culture in which you're working/to which you belong.
2) The non-material: something non- material that is significant to the culture in which you're working/to which you belong (e.g. a story, myth, or symbol).
3) Archival: a type of archival data which documents something otherwise contested in the culture in which you are working/to which you belong.
4) Event analysis/performance/social drama/epitomizing moment: an example of a meaningful event, explain why it is indeed an event, and what makes it significant. This needs to be drawn from the AAA meeting itself.
5) Bricolage: an example of data generated in order to address a topic or answer a question about the culture in which you are working/to which you belong. This can mix data sources but also needs to be drawn from the AAA meeting itself.
6) Wild card: collecting data about the culture in which you are working/to which you belong that might not otherwise be covered by the first five categories. You must explain why this is the case.
The hunt will conclude with a sponsored reception on Saturday, November 17th, 4-6pm, during which the winner will be announced and different stories, and challenges, of data collection discussed and explored.
Check it out at:
The hunt begins now!
Filed under: announcements, data management | No Comments »
Close
Swiss scientists have developed contact lenses that have telescopic abilities and can let one zoom into things with a wink. The contact lens, it is hoped, will aid individuals with impaired vision in the long term.
Controlled via winking, these lenses are the first of their kind and have a super thin telescope that switches into action when the wearer uses their right eye to wink. The contact lens returns to normal when the wearer winks their left eye.
This "superhero vision" contact lens has been developed by researchers at the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) in Switzerland and funded by the DARPA. A prototype of the device was unveiled by EPFL's Eric Tremblay at the annual conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) in San Jose, Calif.
"We think these lenses hold a lot of promise for low vision and age-related macular degeneration (AMD)," stated Tremblay. "It's very important and hard to strike a balance between function and the social costs of wearing any kind of bulky visual device. There is a strong need for something more integrated, and a contact lens is an attractive direction."
The contact lenses will be able to magnify vision three-fold if a wearer so chooses, giving hope to individuals who suffer from AMD, which causes blindness in the aged.
This contact lens is a tad bigger and thicker than regular contact lenses. The "superhero vision" contact lenses also have the ability to allow light through the center, but what gives them the ability to magnify images is the ring of tiny mirrors that circle the center and magnify vision 2.8 times. These mirrors basically reflect the light and magnify the view, making it seem like the wearer is seeing via binoculars.
The lenses are created from a wide variety of plastic, aluminum mirrors, biologically safe glue and polarizing thin films that are cut precisely and carefully assembled. Each lens also has small air channels that are 0.1mm wide to enable the flow of oxygen and make the lenses more breathable, as oxygen permeability is imperative for lenses.
While the contact lens is still being researched, the scientists hope that it will soon become a feasible option for individuals with AMD. The DARPA may deploy the technology to endow its pilots and soldiers with super vision as well.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Chinese smartphone maker OnePlus will be launching its upcoming flagship smartphone next month but it shall come with a major change from its highly-successful OnePlus One introduced globally last year.
Instead of having the Cyanogen OS for its Android-based mobile operating system just like its predecessor, OnePlus Two shall come out with the highly-touted Oxygen OS when it is formally introduced in June.
Not that OnePlus finds Cyanogen OS inferior compared to the Oxygen OS but the decision has something to do with the formal ending of business relationship between the Chinese smartphone maker and CyanogenMod recently brought about by a legal mess that OnePlus got itself embroiled with lately with the India-based smartphone maker Micromax.
Micromax is also a client of Cyanogen. When the two companies agreed to collaborate a few years back, Cyanogen concurred that Micromax will have exclusive rights to its software products over India and other South Asian markets.
Other than India, Cyanogen actually gave Micromax exclusive license over Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Pakistan, and Myanmar.
OnePlus, on the other hand, was given by Cyanogen a global non-exclusive license for the use of its OS on its devices.
So when OnePlus decided to expand its market for its flagship smartphone OnePlus One to India, Micromax decided to bring the matter into the New Delhi High Court which eventually ruled in its favor, citing that allowing the entry of OnePlus devices in India with Cyanogen software on it is an infringement of its exclusive rights, reports Venture Capital Post.
As a result, OnePlus had no other recourse but to terminate its partnership with CyanogenMod though the latter company made it clear that it will still continue to provide needed support for OnePlus One smartphone which are still running on their OS.
A better smartphone
If it's any consolation to OnePlus Two, the Oxygen OS comes with its own custom ROM by OnePlus, and OnePlus One can also take on the OS if users so wish.
OnePlus One was last year's most exciting Android phone and with the killer features of the OnePlus Two, it looks like the smartphone will continue the winning ways of its predecessor.
Accordingly, OnePlus Two will sport 5.5-inch screen display to be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor. It shall have a 4GB of RAM, a better resolution and a very generous 3,300 mAH of battery.
The company is reportedly planning to launch two smartphones in June – one for the low-end market and the other one for high-end. The one for low-end is to be called OnePlus One Lite, while the one for high-end is obviously the OnePlus Two.
After its launch in June, it is likely that OnePlus Two will hit the retail markets either late in the second quarter or early in the third quarter of this year to more or less complete the one-year cycle of the OnePlus One in the retail markets.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter
I've been burned too many times by forgetting a charger on a week-long trip or not having the right adapter for that big demo, so I've become a bit picky about what I carry on a daily basis and especially when traveling.
Here's a rundown of what's on me when I hit the road:
1. Multi Time Zone Watch - I typically wear a Citizen Skyhawk. Not expensive enough to get me in trouble, but good at its job.
2. Reliable Pen - This is the CountyComm Embassy Pen, which is not the best pen I've ever used, but reliably makes it unscathed through the worst I've thrown at it.
3. Phone Battery Case - I don't know how I lived before I discovered battery cases. This is the Mophie Juice Pack Air, and while it's not the most robust case (I broke my first one with a two foot fall), it adds hours and hours of battery life to my phone. Perfect for those long cross-country flights or days on the train.
4. A Notebook - This is just a trusty Moleskine, which I have a fondness for, paired with a bandolier my wife found for me on Etsy. My pen of choice at the moment is the Micron Black Pen, specifically in size 08, or 0.5mm, which gives a nice thick line that is great for diagraming.
5. Power Adapters - Do yourself a favor, no matter what brand of laptop you carry, spend the extra and get the manufacturer's adapter for your countries of choice. Here I have the UK adapter, which comes in the Apple World Travel Adapter Kit, paired with my personal favorite converting adapter, the Kensington All-in-One Adapter, the build is not exactly super, but it's compact and converts to all the standards you'd every need.
6. Laptop Charger - This is just the standard MacBook Air power adapter, with the OEM extension cable.
7. Sundries - This is the nitty gritty stuff, which I'll highlight below, but it's worth noting the organizational device I use is a Cocoon Grid-It in black. This simple board with grippy bands woven across it has massively improved my travel packing efficiency and has made it easier to find things when I need them.
8. Laptop Sleeve - Since you'll have to take your laptop out and put it in a bin for the TSA to fondle, you really don't want to leave it naked. My last laptop had numerous scratches and dents on the lid from where the lovely agent working the conveyor belt dropped my keys on it or stacked my bins for me without looking to see if they were first. This is the Acme Skinny Sleeve for 13" Airs, which is stylish and effective without being too bulky.
9. Laptop - I won't get into the politics of Mac vs. PC, but I will say that a maxxed out MacBook Air 13" is the best laptop I've ever carried for travel.
10. Mouse - A lot of people have switched to the Apple Magic Trackpad, but I, being a grizzled veteran who prefers mice, still carry an Apple Magic Mouse for any potential graphic design or cursor intensive work to be done.
11. Headphones - Vital for drowning out engine noise or chatty neighbors, a good pair of headphones makes the trip feel a bit shorter. In the past I once carried the Audio Technica Active Noise Cancelers but I found them a bit too bulky for cross terminal hikes at O'Hare. Now I live and die by my Etymotic HF3s. While not active cancelers, the isolation is great for that exit-row seat right on the wing.
12. Business Cards - Carry double what you think you might need. Moo.com's awesome LUXE cards are incredibly impressive and worth every penny.
13. A Sturdy Wallet - I have a thing for leather goods, and I absolutely adore the Bellroy Travel Wallet. It has room for multiple credit cards and IDs, as well as two sleeves for cash in multiple currencies, a passport holder, and even a tiny pen for filling out those damned immigration declarations forms. All that and it's still small enough to fit in a back pocket!
I always try to get a little local currency before I leave town as my local bank gives me much better rates than the currency changers in the airport or the ATMs at my destination.
The Sundries:
1. Backup Headphones - These are an old pair of Apple In-Ears that work fine for the rare case that I don't have my primaries on me.
2. Backup Phone Charger - Standard backup USB Cable for my iPhone
3. Backup Pen - The Fisher Bullet Space Pen is just a great backup pen, reliable, and doesn't take up much space.
4. USB Drives - Just a couple Kingston Data Travelers, typically 8gb or smaller so that they're disposable (no one ever returns them).
5. Square Reader - A must-have for accepting payment or demoing cool new tech.
6. Cleaning Cloth - Nondescript cleaning cloth for glasses and devices. Pink so it gets returned :)
7. Lip Fix - Travel is rough on your lips.
8. “UGH” pack - Travel is rough on your body too. Just some Advil, pepto, etc.
9. Network Adapter - Network adapter for those of us that have laptops without ethernet. This has saved my sanity more than once. (Note to self, add ethernet cable to the list.)
10. Backup Backup Charger - Extra USB cable and power adapter. Usually I leave one at the hotel plugged in so that I don't forget to plug in each night.
11. Extra Power Adapter
12. HDMI Adapter - Don't get caught without the adapter you need for that big demo.
13. VGA Adapter - Just because they're a VC doesn't mean their demo gear is the latest and greatest.
14. DVI Adapter - Maybe have two of these. They disappear on me quite regularly.
15. Airplane Adapter(s) - Bring an extra in case your coworker forgets theirs!
What does your travel gear load out look like? Anything I'm missing? Let me know!
Permalink • 1 note • View comments
The brightest moon in almost 69 years will be lighting up the sky this week in a treat for star watchers around the globe. The phenomenon known as the supermoon will reach its most luminescent in North America before dawn on Monday. It will reach its zenith in Asia and the South Pacific on Monday night. Across the international dateline in New Zealand, it will reach its brightest after midnight on Tuesday local time.
Advertising
The moon orbits the Earth in an oval shape. The moon will be at its brightest this week because it is coming closer to the Earth along its elliptical orbit than at any time since January 1948. The supermoon will also bring stronger than usual high tides, followed by plunging low tides the next morning.
Viewers can expect to see a moon about 14 percent larger in diameter and about 30 percent brighter than when it's at its furthest from the earth. It won't be as big and bright again for another 18 years. NASA says its closest approach will occur at 4:51 pm IST (1121 GMT) Monday when the moon comes within 221,523 miles (356,508 kilometers). That's from the center of the Earth to the center of the moon. Full moon will occur at 7:22 pm IST(1352 GMT).
According to the astronomy website earthsky.org, the term supermoon entered usage five years ago when the closest full moon fell on March 19, 2011. The scientific term is perigee full moon. In 2034, the moon will come even closer, within 221,485 miles. That, too, will be a supermoon.
Update: This is an update to a post I wrote on June 7, 2014. That post is the only public statement I have ever made on “Jacobinghazi”, which is a flippant term men coined to refer to the months I was bombarded with rape threats, death threats, and mob harassment.
I have not written on the matter since. As I stated nearly two years ago, I prefer to focus on my work, and find talking about the threats painful — particularly since they never subsided.
Given Matt Bruenig's firing from Demos due to a demonstrated pattern of harassment, I realize people will revisit this painful time in my life. For the purposes of establishing what actually happened — versus what my harassers claim happened, or what a bizarre and manipulative flowchart claims happened — I provide the following links:
Sarah Kendzior's Unwanted Twitter Adventure — Shadowproof (formerly Firedoglake)
Ready on the Left — Newsweek
Rape Threats Revisited — The Professor Is In
On Rape Threats and a Culture that Enables Them — Robin
What the Hell is Wrong With People? — Lawyers, Guns and Money
Sarah Kendzior's Abuse — Teobesta
Of Misogynists and Brosocialists: The Original Tweet and Quote — Brian Dominick
Summary of the Sarah Kendzior/Jacobin Fray's Very Odd Origin — Brian Dominick
Editorial Discretion and Private Lives — Nancy Leong
Jacobinghazi — Sarah Jeong
George Will Isn't Alone in Rape Apologism, Progressives — Jasdye
Reminder — The Internet is No Excuse for Rape Threats — Flavorwire
America has a rape problem — Huffington Post
None of the authors of these essays contacted me before they wrote them. None of the authors of essays making spurious, cruel accusations about me contacted me either. The essays which slander and insult me are the most widely circulated, because the men who harass me made a concerted effort to render them the definitive account.
Out of fear, due to a particularly severe threat, I went silent on the matter. I blocked my harassers and ignored their actions, waiting for the harassment to stop. It did not.
Welcome to the other side of the story — the true side. The price of telling the truth, for me, is more threats and harassment. But given that the incident has reentered the news cycle I feel it is necessary to clarify what actually occurred.
If you consider yourself a journalist, and you are writing about the harassment campaign against me and other women, check your facts and verify your assumptions with evidence before running your story. That is what actual journalism entails.
——————————————————-
My June 7, 2014 statement
I do not write personal essays. This is the first, and likely the last, you will see.
I write articles that have resonated with millions of people, often in an emotional way. But I never write about myself or my personal life. I have multiple platforms and if I wanted to, I could. I choose not to – in part because I think focusing on myself distracts from the social and political problems I depict, but also because I value my privacy.
I am like this in “real life” too. I have been described as aloof, but I try to be generous and kind. I take care of my family and my community. I don't care about fame, which is much more of a curse than a gift. I reject most media interviews. My priorities are my loved ones and my work. Yesterday I was reading Charlotte's Web to my daughter: the story of “a true friend and a good writer”. That is all I aim to be. If I had the choice, this is how I would be remembered.
But I do not have a choice.
I do not like to write about myself, and I do not like to write about my pain. Today Jacobin put me in a position where I had no choice but to do that.
For the past few weeks, I have been receiving rape threats and constant harassment from people who describe themselves as leftists or communists, and apparently want to rape their way to revolution. I have attempted to handle these threats privately. I mentioned them on Twitter twice: once to violentfanon, whose podcast I nearly had to cancel on because of the intensity of the threats, and one to Kenzo Shibata, in a Twitter conversation.
The rest of the time I dealt with them in non-public ways, through private emails and discussion. I have learned that to draw attention to rape threats produces more rape threats. I was scared for my safety and did not want to do that. Any attack on me becomes an attack on my family. As a mother, it is my job to protect my family.
During the YesAllWomen hashtag, which happened at the peak of the threats, I was tempted to open up about what was happening. I was moved by others sharing their stories, many of which were similar to mine. Like many women, I deleted more tweets than I submitted. In the end, I only referred to my situation obliquely. I could not go through with it.
Today Amber A'lee Frost at Jacobin magazine linked to my conversation with Shibata in order to mock my rape threats. This tweet would have been fairly hard to find since it was merely a response to Shibata's. As I said, had I wanted to talk about my rape threats, I certainly could have – in an article in a mass media outlet or in tweets to my 24000 Twitter followers. But I did not want this scrutiny. Instead I made a brief remark, and forgot about it until this morning, when it appeared in Jacobin – used to viciously mock my potential rape in a piece that otherwise had nothing to do with me.
There are not words to describe the experience of reading an article, coming to the word “rape threats”, and then seeing that the rape threat is about you – intended to debase and humiliate you for admitting you have been threatened.
When I objected to the piece, two Jacobin editors admitted that they had not edited or carefully read the piece in question, and removed the link. Then another editor, Megan Erickson, said I was being “childish” for noting that they had mocked me for my rape threats. They and others spent the day mocking and harassing me.
Because this was now being handled in public, I was fortunate to receive the support of hundreds of people on Twitter – as well as attacks from others. I always expect some form of trolling, but I did not expect one of the attackers to be an editor at Salon, Elias Isquith, who questioned what my potential rape meant for “hashtags” and “brands”.
So in one day, two leftist publications used rape threats to me to belittle me, humiliate me and defame me. And then others accuse me of wanting attention.
Who in their right mind would want attention for this?
I had, and continue to have, no desire to ever write about being repeatedly threatened with rape. It is a painful subject for me to discuss for many reasons. The only reason I'm doing so now is because Jacobin forced me into a position where I have no choice but to do so to clarify what happened. I don't want attention, or pity, or to be anyone's hero or victim.
What do I want? I want people to stop sending me rape threats. I want to do my work. I want to stop being treated like a thing – or, shall I say, like a woman.
The left has a rape problem. Someone should write about it. But it is not going to be me. I have had enough threats this year.
Advertisements
There apparently have been no explosions or any shooting near the Air Force Base, but the base is sealed with external power cut. U.S. troops at Turkey's Incirlik air base were at the highest force protection level, known as “condition Delta”. This is a base that stores US tactical nuclear weapons.
The Turkish government believes the US Air Force Base was used in the coup attack to refuel jets.
Turkish official: Gov't has suspicions Incirlik Air Base, home of US airstrikes against ISIL, used to refuel aircraft used in coup attempt. — Dion Nissenbaum (@DionNissenbaum) July 16, 2016
From Military.com:
Power to the huge U.S. airbase at Incirlik in southeastern Turkey was cut off Saturday and flight operations against ISIS were shut down in the aftermath of the failed military coup. The U.S. military was still seeking a full accounting of all personnel and dependents in Turkey, Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook said in a statement. “All indications at this time are that everyone is safe and secure,” they said. “We will continue to take the necessary steps to ensure the safety and security of our service members, our civilians, their families and our facilities.” Cook said the Turkish government “has closed its airspace to military aircraft and, as a result, air operations at Incirlik Air Base have been halted at this time.”
Here is the official US Incirlik Air Base confirming external power was cut:
Sec. Kerry denies U.S. involvement in coup:
#SecKerry: "Public insinuations or claims about US involvement in #TurkeyCoup utterly false, harmful to relationship pic.twitter.com/rMbF4mEY7P — Jon Williams (@WilliamsJon) July 16, 2016
Comments
Hillary Clinton, probably your 45th president.
Unless the economy goes into a recession over the next year and a half, Hillary Clinton is probably going to win the presidential election. The United States has polarized into stable voting blocs, and the Democratic bloc is a bit larger and growing at a faster rate.
Of course, not everybody who follows politics professionally believes this. Many pundits feel the Democrats' advantage in presidential elections has disappeared, or never existed. “The 2016 campaign is starting on level ground,” argues David Brooks, echoing a similar analysis by John Judis. But the evidence for this is quite slim, and a closer look suggests instead that something serious would have to change in order to prevent a Clinton victory. Here are the basic reasons why Clinton should be considered a presumptive favorite:
1. The Emerging Democratic Majority is real. The major disagreement over whether there is an “Emerging Democratic Majority” — the thesis that argues that Democrats have built a presidential majority that could only be defeated under unfavorable conditions — centers on an interpretive disagreement over the 2014 elections. Proponents of this theory dismiss the midterm elections as a problem of districting and turnout; Democrats have trouble rousing their disproportionately young, poor supporters to the polls in a non-presidential year, and the tilted House and Senate map further compounded the GOP advantage.
Skeptics of the theory instead believe that the 2014 midterms were, as Judis put it, “not an isolated event but rather the latest manifestation of a resurgent Republican coalition.” Voters, they argue, are moving toward the Republican Party, and may continue to do so even during the next presidential election.
It has been difficult to mediate between the two theories, since the outcome at the polls supports the theory of both the proponents and the skeptics of the Emerging Democratic Majority theory equally well.
A Pew survey released this week gives us the best answer. Pew is the gold standard of political polling, using massive surveys, with high numbers of respondents and very low margins of error. Pew's survey shows pretty clearly that there was not a major change in public opinion from the time of Obama's reelection through the 2014 midterms:
Of course, Pew is not surveying actual voters. It's surveying all adults. But that is the point. What changed between 2012 and 2014 was not public opinion, but who showed up to vote.
2. No, youngsters are not turning Republican. The Emerging Democratic Majority thesis places a lot of weight on cohort replacement: Republicans fare best with the oldest voters, and Democrats with the youngest, so every new election cycle incrementally tilts the electoral playing field toward the Democrats.
Skeptics have pushed back by claiming that the youngest voters — the ones entering their voting years since 2008 — are turning back toward the Republican Party. Their main evidence has been pollings of millennial voters by the Harvard Institute of Politics. Conservatives have given these results a great deal of attention — it suggests that the youngest voters, disillusioned by the Obama administration, have abandoned the liberal tendencies of their older brothers and sisters. But Harvard's polling has not held up well; it predicted millennial voters would support a Republican Congress in 2014, which turned out to be extremely inaccurate.
Pew's more recent survey combs through the data and throws more cold water on the “younger millennials” thesis. As Nate Cohn notices, younger millennials lean Democratic at nearly the same rate as older ones:
(Cohn does note that younger nonwhite millennials seem less Democratic than older nonwhite millennials, but young whites are far more Democratic than older ones, making the trade somewhat of a wash.)
3. Clinton isn't that unpopular. A more recent line of thought has settled on Clinton's limits as a candidate. It is probably true that they lack Obama's talents as a communicator and a campaign organizer. A recent Quinnipiac poll showing them struggling in Iowa and Colorado attracted wide media attention and seemed to confirm that the email scandal has tarnished Clinton's national image.
It is true that Clinton has, inevitably, lost much of the popularity they won when they were serving as secretary of State and largely removed from partisan politics. Nonpartisan figures can attract broad support, while people engaged in political fights tend to revert toward the mean. Clinton's support is, as it has been through most of their career, closely divided:
On the other hand, Republicans are much less popular. Jeb Bush, who is probably the best known of the Republican contenders, has much worse favorable ratings:
So there is little reason to think Clinton's personal unpopularity will hold them back in a race against a Republican who is likely to have no more personal appeal, and possibly a lot less.
4. Obama is trending up. One major question looming over the next election is whether the public feels satisfied with the Democrats' policy direction or wants to give Republicans a chance. Importantly, President Obama's job approval ratings have recovered since the midterm elections, when their net approval stood at minus ten, to about minus three. Their approval ratings on handling the economy have risen even more sharply. Approval of Obama's economic job performance has actually reached parity with disapproval for the first time since 2009:
If the economy continues to expand between now and the 2016 election, Obama's approval rating will probably rise a little higher. In the modern political world, strong popularity is not necessary to win; Obama won reelection with approval ratings below 50 percent. Voters make comparative choices, and all a candidate needs is to be superior to the alternative. But the economy is currently on a course, barring a slowdown, to leave the incumbent party in a stronger position.
5. Is it time for a change? The one remaining ground for Republican optimism is the possibility that voters will decide three straight presidential terms for the Democratic Party is too much. Many political scientists (such as Alan Abramowitz) believe this exhaustion factor is real; after a second term, voters grow increasingly restless with the in-party and are more likely to decide it's time for a change. If this is true, Clinton may face headwinds even in an otherwise favorable landscape.
It may well be true. But there are reasons to doubt it. One reason is that models that detect voter impatience are based on a very small number of data points. Since World War II, there have been eight presidential elections in which the incumbent party has held office for two terms or more. It's hard to draw definitive conclusions from such a limited number of events.
A second reason is that nearly all of those elections took place in a very different kind of party system. The 20th century was a time of loose-knit parties with a great deal of ideological overlap. There were liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats, which created large constituencies to swing back and forth. Democrats won more than 60 percent of the vote in the 1964 election, and then Republicans did the same eight years later. That made sense in a world where the two parties seemed to share a lot of common assumptions. Voters who supported Lyndon Johnson in 1964 weren't crazy to switch to Richard Nixon in 1972; Nixon had established the Environmental Protection Agency and supported universal health care and a basic income.
The polarized electorate of today is a different place, and voters may not act the same way as they used to. There are fewer swing voters, and therefore conditions like a third straight term, or even a severe recession, may not budge as many of them from their normal partisan habits. We don't know how deeply the partisan split has hardened into place; each party seems to be able to count on the support of at least 45 percent of the voters regardless of what is happening in the world.
6. There's no alternative. All of the above brings us back to the central challenge facing Clinton. They cannot promise their supporters a dramatic change or new possibilities; they are personally too familiar, and the near certainty of at least one Republican-controlled chamber of Congress suggests continued legislative stalemate. Them worry is that ennui sets in among the base and yields a small electorate more like the kind that shows up at the midterms, which is an electorate Republicans can win.
The argument for Clinton in 2016 is that they are the candidate of the only major American political party not run by lunatics. There is only one choice for voters who want a president who accepts climate science and rejects voodoo economics, and whose domestic platform would not engineer the largest upward redistribution of resources in American history. Even if the relatively sober Jeb Bush wins the nomination, they will have to accommodate themselves to their party's barking-mad consensus.  They are non-crazy America's choice by default. And it is not necessarily an exciting choice, but it is an easy one, and a proposition behind which they will probably command a majority.
BEIJING (AFP) - A police officer's handgun went off accidentally when two officers held a safety demonstration at a kindergarten in China to mark International Children's Day, injuring one child and four parents, authorities said.
A gun discharged accidentally and a bullet hit the ground, sending shards of cement flying into the air, wounding five people, said police authorities in Zhengzhou, in the central province of Henan.
Those wounded had injuries to their arms and legs and were rushed to hospital but doctors said none of the wounds was life-threatening, police said on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo.
The two police officers are being held in solitary confinement and three of their supervisors have been suspended, authorities said in a separate posting on Thursday.
"The Zhengdong police station offers deep apologies to those injured in the incident, their relatives and society," it said.
China bans its citizens from owning firearms and police have not normally been armed for day-to-day duties. But many places including Beijing, Shanghai and the southern province of Guangdong have recently ordered police to patrol with guns in the wake of a string of attacks targeting civilians and blamed on separatists from the restive Xinjiang region, home to mostly Muslim Uighurs.
Weibo posters were outraged by the incident. "Didn't they give a thought to whether taking a gun to a kindergarten would scare the kids?" asked one user. "How could a gun discharge without a cause? I suspect the police officer had never played with a gun before."
Another user added: "It's lucky it was not a bomb demonstration."
TPP Touhoumon - Satori Rescue
I finally finished it! Finally! ;_;
This is one of those things that was funnier in my head, but I still continued with this. A pal of mine thought this was a good moment, and I immediately thought of something.
You can see a sort of evolution of quality as you go through the panels. Halfway through the coloring process, I took a step back and tried doing it in a different way (I used Nitori's head as a test.) I considered going back to redo the coloring.. but.. I just wanted to get this done with. It was getting in the way of a lot of things =P
I did some expressions I've never done before. Namely, Satori's. It kinda pained me to see them everytime I looked at it.
So uh.. Context: At Mt. Moon, we bought a Satori (where you would normally get a Magikarp). We went in to get Satori out of the PC in Democracy, and there were a bunch of slipups, I think? Time ran out, and Satori wasn't withdrawn just yet, but there were more Democracy votes at the last moment, I think, and Satori was safely withdrawn moments later. It would've been interesting to see how things would've turned out if Anarchy kicked in at that moment, but I kinda like Satori, so.. =P
As time went on, Satori grow to have a sort of.. quiet connection with the chat, I feel. Which makes me kinda wish I got this comic out sooner =P
Also, have a bonus: I've said somewhere that whenever there's a PC, I will always attempt to do this.
This is a list of the richest association football clubs in the world as ranked by Forbes magazine on their worth in U.S. dollars.
Current ranking
As of 12 June 2018[1]
Historic rankings
2017 rankings
As of 1 June 2017[3]
2016 rankings
As of 1 May 2016[5]
2015 rankings
As of 6 May 2015[7]
2014 rankings
As of 15 July 2014[9]
2013 rankings
As of 17 April 2013[10]
2012 rankings
As of 19 April 2012[11]
2011 rankings
As of 20 April 2011[12]
2010 rankings
As of April 2010[13][14]
2009 rankings
As of April 2009[17]
2008 rankings
As of April 2008[18]
Manchester United increased from $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion still remaining at top. While Real Madrid remains second due to an increase of $400 million. Arsenal also remain third after an approximate increase of $350 million.
2007 rankings
This is the list released in March 2007.
See also
$\begingroup$
Many famous results were discovered through non-rigorous proofs, with correct proofs being found only later and with greater difficulty. One that is well known is Euler's 1737 proof that
$1+\frac{1}{2^2}+\frac{1}{3^2}+\frac{1}{4^2}+\cdots =\frac{\pi^2}{6}$
in which they pretend that the power series for $\frac{\sin\sqrt{x}}{\sqrt{x}}$ is an infinite polynomial and factorizes it from knowledge of its roots.
Another example, of a different type, is the Jordan curve theorem. In this case, the theorem seems obvious, and Jordan gets credit for realizing that it requires proof. However, the proof was harder than they thought, and the first rigorous proof was found some decades later than Jordan's attempt. Many of the basic theorems of topology are like this.
Then of course there is Ramanujan, who is in a class of their own when it comes to discovering theorems without proving them.
I'd be interested to see other examples, and in your thoughts on what the examples reveal about the connection between discovery and proof.
Clarification. When I posed the question I was hoping for some explanations for the gap between discovery and proof to emerge, without any hinting from me. Since this hasn't happened much yet, let me suggest some possible explanations that I had in mind:
Physical intuition. This lies behind results such as the Jordan curve theorem, Riemann mapping theorem, Fourier analysis.
Lack of foundations. This accounts for the late arrival of rigor in calculus, topology, and (?) algebraic geometry.
Complexity. Hard results cannot prove correctly the first time, only via a series of partially correct, or incomplete, proofs. Example: Fermat's last theorem.
I hope this gives a better idea of what I was looking for. Feel free to edit your answers if you have anything to add.
Full, immediate disclosure: it's actually a tie. When you think unhittability, you might think batting average against, or slugging percentage against, or something. Me, I prefer contact rate, because it's elegant and simple. Contact rate measures how often batters hit the baseball when they attempt a swing. Most simply, that's the whole point of a swing. A pitcher who gets a lot of missed swings can rightly be said to be unhittable. Other metrics might penalize for wildness, or just take other matters into account. For pure unhittability, I like looking at the rate of contact, and among National League starters, the lowest rate of contact allowed partly belongs to Francisco Liriano, at a hair above 71%.
Liriano's tied with somebody else, and it's not Matt Harvey or Clayton Kershaw. I'm going to be writing about that somebody else, because Liriano's a lot more familiar. Liriano's long been hard to hit, and he's had a breakthrough season for the Pirates after coming over on the cheap. Don't get me wrong, Liriano's been surprising, but the guy with whom he's tied has been a bigger surprise after also joining their current team on the cheap. I'm not sure even the Padres knew what they were getting when they dealt for Tyson Ross.
So far this year, 179 pitchers have started at least ten games. Of those, no one's allowed more frequent contact than Vance Worley. No one in the NL's allowed more frequent contact than Clayton Richard. At the other end of the leaderboard, here are the top ten lowest contact rates given up:
Ross, for whom the Padres traded Andy Parrino and Andrew Werner. Ross has started 14 games, totaling 80 innings in those starts. Before the year people weren't even sure if he'd be a long-term starter or reliever. Since the All-Star break, no starter in baseball has allowed a lower rate of contact. This year overall, Ross is tied for the NL lead, missing bats more often than the league elite.
Because of the low rate of contact, Ross generates a good number of strikeouts. He'll never be confused for a pitcher with great command, but they offset that by keeping balls in play on the ground, and the end result is that Ross — as a starter — has posted some outstanding numbers. Their immediate company this year, by FIP-:
Francisco Liriano
Chris Sale
Cliff Lee
Their immediate company this year, by xFIP-:
Ross was and is known as a tall righty with a funky delivery that seems to generate next to nothing in the way of momentum. He's still the same guy, but now he's flourishing completely off the radar, because the Padres exist off the radar, particularly after they drop out of the race. Ross has quietly gone about pitching like a staff ace, in a rotation that, for a while, looked like one of the worse rotations all-time.
So, the story? Let's look at a couple images, showing Ross' pitches against right-handed batters and left-handed batters:
Against righties, you see a lot of whiffs down and/or away. Against lefties, you see a lot of whiffs down and/or in. Pair that with the following information:
vs. RHB: 68% contact, 64% strikes
68% contact, 64% strikes vs. LHB: 75% contact, 58% strikes
This paints the picture of a slider specialist. For further evidence, let's look at all seven of Ross' strikeouts against the Pirates in their start on Wednesday:
Those are in no particular order, because the order doesn't matter. What matters is that all seven strikeouts came on two-strike sliders. The righties went after sliders. The lefties went after sliders. The slider is Ross' special pitch, much as is the case with Patrick Corbin, and while you expect that to be too little for a starter, it hasn't been too little for Ross, not yet. Among starters, their slider rate is the fifth-highest, and second-highest out of righties, behind only Ervin Santana. Ross has not thrown much of their changeup. He's been outstanding, even getting up to and around 100 pitches.
With two strikes on lefties, Ross has thrown their slider about half the time. With two strikes on righties, Ross has thrown their slider more than half the time. In this way, the slider is responsible for the overwhelming bulk of their strikeouts, and only Corbin's slider has missed more bats. In fact, the Baseball Prospectus PITCHf/x leaderboards allow us to look at all the various pitch types and their results. Out of all the individual pitches starters have thrown at least 200 times, Corbin's slider has been the single most unhittable pitch. Ross' slider has been the second-most unhittable pitch. Batters have whiffed a little more than half the time they've offered.
As for the quality of contact, when contact has been achieved? That slider has yielded a dozen singles and a double. By isolated power, we've got a .007 mark. There's a .186 BABIP. Ross has been unhittable in large part because of their slider, and even when their slider has been hit, it's been hit poorly. That's an effective slider, Ross has been throwing.
So, two questions:
What the hell? Now what?
How did Ross turn into this, after they were all but discarded by the A's? Obviously, there's the matter of the league switch, but it also stands to reason Ross might have made some mechanical adjustments. On that:
Ross reaches back to spring training to pinpoint the origin of their breakthrough. In Peoria, Ariz., Balsley prescribed a “step-through drill,” the idea being to sync Ross' foot strike with the moment their arm went up. “He had me walking into throws off the mound and just got the timing synced up right,” said Ross, who despite standing 6-foot-6 has the shortest stride length of any Padres pitcher. “That was always my problem, having the leverage just a little bit off with my timing. But we figured out a way to get it all in sync, and everything's just flowed from there.”
Maybe that's it, maybe that's not. Ross says that's it, but whenever a player is questioned about a breakthrough, he'll search for some kind of answer, some kind of turning point. It's easy to see how maybe Ross' delivery now might be more consistent. It's easy to see how that would pay off. This is one possible explanation, out of a handful of potential explanations. There's no question that Ross has always had powerful stuff.
As for the career path from here? Even after 14 starts, that's just 14 starts. We're still programmed to believe that starters need three good pitches, or at least a less platoony second pitch than a slider. Ross does possess a changeup, and though he's not in love with it, it could be developing:
Padres right-hander Tyson Ross, who earned the win on Saturday against the Reds, has been working on a project throughout the season. Looking to expand their arsenal, Ross has added a changeup to go with their fastball and slider. Saturday marked Ross' fourth start since moving back to the rotation out of the bullpen. Although they used the changeup sparingly in the win — their third in in those four starts — they said he's becoming more comfortable with the pitch.
There's no guarantee it'll become a good pitch — everyone works on a changeup, and sometimes it just doesn't stick — but the effort's there to turn it into a good pitch, and Ross is still clearly trying to figure themselves out. He's far from a finished product, no matter what the numbers might suggest.
And those numbers do at least indicate that maybe a third pitch isn't quite so necessary. Maybe Ross' slider is just that good. They have themselves a platoon split, as expected, but it's not that lefties have killed them — it's that lefties have had some success, while righties have been murdered. If your baseline level is good, then you can live with a slider-heavy platoon split. The slider, clearly, gets lefties to swing and miss. It's also worth considering that there might be something deceptive about Ross' delivery. The league average is that 42% of fly balls are pulled, and pulled fly balls tend to do the most damage. Ross is at 23%, allowed. Last year, they were also well below the league average. If batters aren't picking the ball up until late, that puts them at more of a disadvantage, and that might help Ross offset the missing quality third pitch. This is me speculating, but the numbers shouldn't be outright ignored.
Tyson Ross could stand to throw more strikes. They could stand to throw a better changeup. They could stand to have a more fluid delivery. But their current delivery works for him, they keep balls in play on the ground, and though he's mostly pitching like a reliever acting as a starter, he's been one of the most unhittable starting pitchers in baseball. He's been the most unhittable starter since the break, and they haven't lost any zip working out of the rotation. There was always stuff to like about Tyson Ross. The most we can say is that now there's more.
A jury in South Carolina Thursday convicted Dylann Roof in the shootings that killed nine black church members during a Bible study in Charleston last year, a verdict that could lead to a death sentence for the self-avowed white supremacist.
The jury of nine white people and three black people deliberated less than two hours before returning a verdict, finding them guilty on all counts against him. Roof, 22, faced 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion.
DEATH ROW INMATE'S LAWYERS SAY THEY'D PREFER FIRING SQUAD OVER LETHAL INJECTION
Roof just stared ahead as the verdict was read, much as they have throughout the trial. Victims's relatives held hands and squeezed one another's arms. One woman nodded their head every time the clerk said "guilty."
The same jury is set to return Jan. 3 to consider whether Roof should be sentenced to die for the June 2015 attack at Emanuel AME Church.  They are slated to face another death penalty trial in state court early next year.
DEADLY TENN. SCHOOL BUS CRASH CASE HEADS TO GRAND JURY
Minutes after the verdict was read, Roof told U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel they wanted to represent themselves during the penalty phase.
They said at the start of the trial that they wanted attorneys in the guilt phase, but not in the penalty phase. Their lawyers said in a court filing they feared they wanted to avoid embarrassing testimony that the defense might have presented to try to get a jury to spare their life.
"It is my hope that the survivors, the families & the people of South Carolina can find some peace in the fact that justice has been served," Gov. Nikki Haley tweeted.
The verdict came after days of emotional testimony from people who survived the shooting and witnessed the aftermath. During closing arguments earlier in the day, Assistant U.S. Attorney Nathan Williams told jurors Roof waited until the Bible study group had its eyes closed for prayer before they opened fire.
Williams said Roof, who posed in photos with the Confederate flag that appeared in a racist manifesto, believed black people were animals and less than human when they violated the sanctuary of the church and killed nine people. "Those people couldn't see the hatred in their heart any more than they could see the .45-caliber handgun and the eight magazines concealed around their waist."
Roof did not react to Williams' arguments.
Defense attorney David Bruck conceded in their closing argument that Roof killed the victims, and the attorney even praised the FBI investigation. But Bruck also argued Roof was a suicidal, impressionable loner who never grasped the gravity of what they did.
Roof was just imitating what they saw on the Internet and believed they had to give their lives to "a fight to the death between white people and black people that only he" could see and act on, Bruck said.
In their confession to the FBI, Roof said they carried out the killings after researching "black on white crime" on the internet. They said they chose a church because that setting posed little danger to him. Prosecutors said they hoped the shootings would trigger a race war or bring back segregation.
Instead, the single biggest change to emerge from the massacre was the removal of the Confederate flag from the South Carolina Statehouse, where it had flown for 50 years over the Capitol or on the grounds.
During their brief deliberations, jurors asked to see certain parts of the confession video during which Roof discussed how many people they had killed.
Williams showed crime scene photos of each person killed alongside a small picture of them while alive.
Those pictures included the Rev. Clementa Pinckney, 41, Emanuel AME's pastor and a state senator; Myra Thompson, 59, who taught Bible study that night -- the same night they were licensed to preach; Cynthia Hurd, 54, a librarian who stayed to support Thompson; Depayne Middleton-Doctor, 49, who friends said sang like an angel and was also license to preach the day of the shootings; Daniel "Dapper Dan" Simmons, 74, nicknamed for their shiny shoes and fine hats; Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, 45, a high school track coach heavily involved in the church's youth programs; Ethel Lance, 70, the church sexton who kept the bathrooms and building immaculately clean; Susie Jackson, 87, who sang in the choir and sent generations through the church; and Tywanza Sanders, 26, Jackson's nephew and an aspiring poet who wanted to work with children.
Fox News' Jonathan Serrie, Multimedia Reporter Terace Garnier in Charleston and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
When 1 was 16 in 1964, a schoolmate told me the US, not the Viet Cong, was the power preventing a democratic outcome in Vietnam. I could not dispute their facts and felt frustrated at my own ignorance. I determined to study Vietnam and learn the truth, so the next time some damn commie lied about my country, I'd know how to answer and put them in their place! I studied, and what I learned turned me against the war. It appears that a scientist, formerly a climate change denier, experienced similar paradigm shift, while studying to disprove climate change. And the beauty of this is that the Koch Brothers funded the study!
A prominent physicist and skeptic of global warming spent two years trying to find out if mainstream climate scientists were wrong. In the end, they determined they were right: Temperatures really are rising rapidly.
The study of the world's surface temperatures by Richard Muller was partially bankrolled by a foundation connected to global warming deniers. They pursued long-held skeptic theories in analyzing the data. They were spurred to action because of "Climategate," a British scandal involving hacked emails of scientists.
Yet they found that the land is 1.6 degrees warmer than in the 1950s. Those numbers from Muller, who works at the University of California, Berkeley and Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, match those by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and NASA.
They said they went even further back, studying readings from Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson. Their ultimate finding of a warming world, to be presented at a conference Monday, is no different from what mainstream climate scientists have been saying for decades.
What's different, and why everyone from opinion columnists to "The Daily Show" is paying attention is who is behind the study.
One-quarter of the $600,000 to do the research came from the Charles Koch Foundation, whose founder is a major funder of skeptic groups and the tea party. The Koch brothers, Charles and David, run a large privately held company involved in oil and other industries, producing sizable greenhouse gas emissions… [emphasis added]
Trump DOJ DENIES Los Angeles Federal Law Enforcement Cash
The Los Angeles Police Department has been denied $3 Million in federal aid for “law enforcement”. While there is no official announcement as to why, it quite likely has everything to do with LA's “sanctuary city” status for harboring illegal aliens. As I'm sure most Gateway Pundit readers know, Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have said they would strip funding from such sanctuary cities.
The L.A. Times reports:
This year, L.A. officials applied for more than $3 million in federal funding to help bring the same program to Harvard Park, a South L.A. neighborhood scarred by violence. The request was denied. The U.S. Department of Justice hasn't offered the LAPD an explanation of why the department didn't receive any of the $98 million in grants recently awarded to scores of law enforcement agencies across the nation. A spokesperson for the federal agency declined to comment when asked by The Times last week. But after the Trump administration's repeated threats to withhold federal money from cities that don't cooperate with its immigration crackdown, some LAPD officials said they believe the move was retaliatory — and a troubling sign of what could come. Steve Soboroff, president of the civilian Police Commission that oversees the LAPD, said that they believe the Justice Department denied the funding request because of the LAPD's well-publicized, hands-off approach to immigration enforcement. Soboroff said they worry future funding may also be at risk. “Community policing is what policing's all about. Militaristic policing, immigrant harassment is not,” they said. “By ignoring that, or prioritizing it beneath their issue of sanctuary cities and cooperation with ICE [Immigration and Customs Enforcement] — the priorities are wrong.” “If this is the tip of the iceberg, we're going to set back law enforcement and policing and public safety by decades,” they added. The LAPD had planned to use the money to hire 25 officers for the community policing program in Harvard Park, one of the city's deadliest neighborhoods. The roughly half-mile area saw eight homicides in 2016, nearly triple the number from the year before. So far this year, six people have been killed.
Los Angeles mayor, Eric Garcetti, has openly defied Trump and been a vocal opponent of the #MAGA agenda. A mic.com article on Garcetti features such interludes as:
“We will defend any undocumented worker who's going to be deported,” they said flatly in a recent interview. The words are backed up in deed: In December, Los Angeles unveiled an ambitious $10-million fund to provide legal counsel to residents facing deportation. Los Angeles and Orange counties, after all, are home to 1 million undocumented immigrants, or nearly 10% of all undocumented immigrants nationwide. Los Angeles is also one of the major cities that has been targeted by ICE raids in the aftermath of the election.
Los Angeles County Sheriff Jim McDonnell has said he's afraid of losing $132 Million over the next three years because of their county's harboring of illegal aliens. Citing an August LA Daily News article:
On Thursday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions sent letters to four cities — including two in California — threatening to deny federal crime-fighting aid if the cities don't step up efforts to help detain and deport people living in the country illegally. The targeted cities — which have all struggled with crime — are Stockton, San Bernardino, Baltimore and Albuquerque, New Mexico. All expressed interest in the Justice Department's new Public Safety Partnership, federal officials said. The program provides assistance from federal agents, analysts and technology to find solutions to crime. While the Justice Department did not call out any communities in L.A. County in its latest move to punish so-called sanctuary cities, McDonnell has said the county's limited cooperation with federal immigration officers strikes a necessary balance between public safety and public trust. The bulk of federal grant funds that McDonnell fears could ultimately be in question — $105 million of the $132 million — would come from DHS for the continued development of a system to enhance radio and broadband communication for police, firefighters, paramedics and other emergency responders in the county.
You can contact mayor Garcetti at (213) 978-0600 and [email protected]
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna has dealt a setback to Ontario Power Generation's plan for a nuclear waste burial site on the shores of Lake Huron.
In a letter to the provincially-owned utility Thursday, Ms. McKenna delayed a decision on whether to approve its proposed deep repository for low– and medium-level radioactive waste.
Instead, they told OPG to submit additional studies, including assessments on possible alternatives to the currently proposed site at the Bruce nuclear station in Kincardine, Ont., and on the cumulative impacts of siting other nuclear waste facilities in the region.
Story continues below advertisement
The additional work will take several months to complete.
The Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency concluded last May that the deep geological repository was not likely to cause any adverse environmental impacts. OPG intends to excavate a chamber 680 metres underground in impenetrable rock to bury waste that is now stored at surface at the Bruce site.
While local municipalities supported the project, some local residents mounted fierce opposition. Cities and town on both sides of the Great Lakes passed resolutions to argue no nuclear waste should be buried so close to the source of drinking water for 50 million North Americans. The Michigan state senate passed a resolution opposing the project.
In a statement, OPG said it understands the sensitivity around the burial of nuclear waste and respects the minister's desire for more information to inform them decision.
Ontario recently committed to extending the life of its Bruce and Darlington nuclear stations but still has no permanent plan for disposing of the nuclear waste. An arm's-length federal agency is also working on a plan to bury high-level radioactive waste, but has not selected a site.
OPG said it is confident further study will confirm "that a deep geologic repository is the right answer for Ontario's low and intermediate level waste, and that the Bruce site is the right location."
Beverly Fernandez, founder of the Stop the Great Lakes Nuclear Dump group, said the government should have simply killed the proposal rather than delay a decision.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"No matter what process is followed, burying and abandoning radioactive nuclear waste in the Great Lakes Basin will always be a bad idea," Ms. Fernandez said. "The Trudeau government's environmental credibility is on the line."
Editor's note: A previous version of this story incorrectly stated the waste is now buried at nuclear plants across the province.
Remember SOPA and PIPA, the terrible "anti-piracy" bills the internet raged into nonexistence? There's a new one, and it's maybe worse: the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act. CISPA. Here's everything you need to know about the worst privacy disaster our country has ever faced.
What Is SOPA? If you hadn't heard of SOPA before, you probably have by now: Some of the internet's most … Read more Read
Advertisement
CISPA is a proposed national "cybersecurity law" bouncing around Congress...
The intent of the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, introduced by U.S. Representative Michael Rogers (R-MI), is to protect America's internet interests (both governmental and our precious YouTubes) against attacks. It's technically an amendment to the National Security Act of 1947, but would have sweeping 21st century consequences. Rogers cites China as a main threat—conventional wisdom does say they're constantly trying to breach American networks, along with Russia and Iran—but this goes way beyond Cold War hack paranoia, and into your laptop.
...that would let websites you use hand over your personal data and read your email...
The scariest part of CISPA is how astonishingly broad and loose it is, like some sort of giant, poorly-built rope bridge. Over a volcano. CISPA would permit any private company (Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Pinterest, Google, you name it) to give away any and all data it's collected on you when asked by a government agency. Literally any government agency. This data would then head to the Department of Homeland Security.
Advertisement
...based on very vague terms...
CISPA says companies need to give up your information only in the face of a "cyber threat." So, what is a "cyber threat"? Nobody really knows! The bill defines it as "efforts to degrade, disrupt, or destroy government or private systems and networks." In other words, trying to do bad stuff on the internet, or even just talking about it. Ideally, this would be narrowed to specific malicious LulzSec stuff like DDoS attacks, but it's not. It can be almost anything!
...with very little oversight...
Would Facebook need to be given a warrant or subpoena before spilling your data to the feds? Nope! Would you ever be informed that you data had been released? Nope! What if you think the government has accessed your personal stuff without cause? Too bad! They're 100% immune, as long as the groups involved acted in "good faith," which legally means pretty much zilch. All previous laws that protected your privacy against government eavesdropping, like the Wiretap Act and the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, would be overridden.
Advertisement
...and some powerful backers...
Facebook, Google, and Microsoft all support CISPA. Why? Because they don't want to get hacked, and they think this will keep them safe(r). Are they right in this? Maybe, but they're also ignoring the companies can share anything they want whenever they want however they want with the government aspect of the bill.
...and one very, very powerful critic. The President.
The White House is having none of this CISPA nonsense:
Cybersecurity and privacy are not mutually exclusive. Moreover, information sharing, while an essential component of comprehensive legislation, is not alone enough to protect the Nation's core critical infrastructure from cyber threats. Accordingly, the Administration strongly opposes H.R. 3523, the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, in its current form.
Advertisement
President Obama says he'll veto the bill if it lands on their desk.
But! Lets try to make sure it doesn't get that far: the EFF has an easy tool to find your representative and tell them and/or them that you don't want to be sold out by Facebook and spied on by the government. It only takes a few minutes—and the House votes tomorrow.
If you still don't think CISPA is bad, read this.
Update: The vote was quietly moved up to tonight, and passed in the House 248 to 168, mostly along party lines. The bill is still stalled in the Senate, and President Obama's most recent statements still indicate they would use veto power.
On Friday night, Iranian state TV tweeted the following:
On Saturday night, between goading star athletes and threatening a nuclear attack on North Korea, President Trump responded:
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017
But Fox News reported on Monday that, according to two officials, the Iranian footage was actually seven months old, and showed a launch that failed when the missile exploded after liftoff. A missile was indeed rolled out at a parade on Friday, but not put into the air. Trump, not shockingly, had been duped.
The phony launch fit into Trump's narrative of an out-of-control Iran. They have repeatedly bashed the U.S. nuclear deal with the country put into place by the Obama administration, recently calling it an “embarrassment” in a United Nations speech.
Trump also has a thing for fake Iran videos. During the 2016 election, they repeatedly referred to footage that purported to show bags of cash being unloaded from a U.S. aircraft in an Iranian airport. In fact, it merely showed Americans getting off a plane.
Image copyright Thinkstock
A sugar tax and cutting buy-one-get-one-free deals are part of Public Health England's "key actions" to tackle people's addiction to sugar.
Their long-awaited report says the nation is "eating too much sugar" leading to health problems and obesity.
The report also called for less marketing aimed at children in-store, on TV and online.
A spokesperson for David Cameron said the prime minister did not want to see the introduction of a sugar tax.
People get between 12 and 15% of their energy from sugar, but official recommendations say it should be less than 5%.
The report says achieving those levels could save the NHS £500m a year, but admitted no single measure would be effective.
It suggests:
A sugar tax between 10% and 20%
Significantly reducing advertising high sugar food and drink to children
Targeting supermarkets and take-away special offers
Sugar reduction in everyday food and drink
Ensure the sale of healthier foods in hospitals and other public bodies
The report attacked price promotions that distort people's shopping baskets - 40% of money spent on food and drink was on products on offer.
Public Health England called for a "rebalancing" of promotions with a shift away from cakes and biscuits towards healthier foods.
And it concluded 6% of total sugar consumption could be prevented if promotions on higher sugar products were banned.
On the sugar tax, it said a 10% tax in Mexico resulted led to a 6% reduction in sales of sugary drinks and says a similar policy in England would cut consumption "at least in the short term".
Speaking to MPs on Tuesday, Dr Alison Tedstone from Public Health England said: "PHE does see there is a role for a fiscal approach in reducing sugary drink consumption.
"The higher the tax increase the greater the effect," they said.
There were also calls from the TV chef Jamie Oliver for ministers to introduce a tax on fizzy drinks saying it was the "single most important" change that could be made.
To tax or not to tax?
However, the report said the impact of extra taxes would be less than measures aimed at marketing and promotions.
It said the use of "characters" such as the Coco Pops monkey and adverts masquerading as online games were hugely influential.
And it added that end of aisle displays "significantly increase" the sale of sugary products.
The prime minister's spokesperson has confirmed that David Cameron has not read the report and that "he doesn't see a need for a tax on sugar".
The government's plans for tackling childhood obesity will be released in January.
They had been due to be revealed in the Autumn and the sugar report was commissioned to inform the plans.
However, there was criticism from MPs that the sugar report was not being released as planned.
The sugar problem
Image copyright Getty Images
There has been growing concern about the damaging impact of sugar on health - from the state of people's teeth to type-2 diabetes and obesity
Sugar has been dubbed "empty calories" because it has no nutritional benefit
Government advisers recommend no more than 5% of daily calories should come from sugar
That is about 1oz (25g; six or seven teaspoons) for an adult of normal weight every day. For children, it is slightly less
The limits apply to all sugars added to food, as well as sugar naturally present in syrups and honey
To put this in context, a typical can of fizzy drink contains about nine teaspoons of sugar
Why is sugar so addictive?
Michael Mosley on how much sugar is in food
Can we trust industry?
The doctor's union, the British Medical Association, called on the government to adopt the recommendations in the report.
But the Food and Drink Federation's director general, Ian Wright, said: "We do not agree that the international evidence supports the introduction of a sugar tax and for this reason would oppose such a move."
However, they said the industry was "determined" to help tackle childhood obesity and had already "removed millions of calories from the food chain" by changing ingredients and pack sizes.
Dr Julian Hamilton-Shield, from the University of Bristol, said: "No one can really doubt the harm sugar-containing drinks do to children - they rot their teeth and likely make them obese and at risk of later type 2 diabetes.
"If a tax is needed to reduce sugar consumption, I am right behind it, no-one complains about tobacco taxation, sugar should be treated the same way."
Some websites have dozens and dozens of tracking bugs and libraries, slowing downloads and delaying rendering. If you block them in Firefox, researchers demonstrated, some pages load much faster.
The paper shows that with Tracking Protection enabled, not only did Chew and Kontaxis see a 67 percent reduction in cookies set in the Alexa Top 200 news sites, but page load times were reduced by a median 44 percent, and overall data usage was reduced by 39 percent. Even if you aren't too concerned about privacy, that speed increase alone might be enough of a reason to enable the feature.
The speed boost comes from blocking requests to tracking domains, so it won't speed up browsing across the board, but considering the amount of sites that use some sort of tracking, the benefit should be fairly noticeable. Currently, Tracking Protection isn't turned on by default, as Mozilla is still gathering feedback about how the feature works, but it's fairly easy to enable the feature.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 15, 2017, 6:06 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 15, 2017, 6:06 PM GMT / Source: Reuters
Merck has stopped a late-stage trial of an Alzheimer's drug after it was determined that it had no chance of working, marking the latest in a long line of crushing disappointments in efforts to find an effective treatment for the mind-wasting disease.
The company was testing its drug, verubecestat, in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. But an independent data monitoring committee determined that there was "virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect" and recommended the trial be stopped for futility.
Associate professor of neurology at Washington University School of Medicine Beau Ances MD, PhD, right, and Matthew Brier an MD/PhD student at the university, examining PET (positron emission tomography) scans of Alzheimer's disease patients (Robert Boston/Washington University via AP) / Washington University via AP
Verubecestat belongs to a class of experimental Alzheimer's drugs called BACE1 inhibitors that target an enzyme involved in the formation of the toxic amyloid protein that turns into plaques in the brains of Alzheimer's patients.
Related: Promising Alzheimer's Drug Doesn't Help Patients
Several companies are pinning hopes on Alzheimer's treatments using the BACE inhibitor mechanism, including Eli Lilly and Co, Biogen and Novartis in collaboration with Amgen Inc.
Lilly previously endured multiple failures with its solanezumab, which also targets beta amyloid, but in a different way. In the most recent setback, Lilly said that drug failed to slow declines in mental capacity of patients with even mild symptoms.
Researchers are increasingly focusing on attacking the disease earlier as it appears likely that once symptoms have taken hold current approaches fail to work.
Merck said it will continue another study of verubecestat in patients with prodromal, or very early, Alzheimer's disease. Results are expected by February 2019.
Patients with early Alzheimer's disease have memory problems but can live normally.
Related: Brain Games Might Cut Alzheimer's Risk
Blinded clinical trials use independent monitors to watch for any unexpected safety problems that may crop up. They can also recommend stopping a study early if it becomes clear that a drug is going to fail or if the data looks so compelling that it believes the treatment should be offered to those getting a placebo or other standard treatments.
Alzheimer's is one of the toughest diseases to treat.
While a few treatments temporarily ease symptoms such as memory loss, confusion and agitation, dozens of drugs tested have failed to slow mental decline or halt the mind-robbing disease, including the one Eli Lilly & Co. scrapped in November.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
AFC Wimbledon were today given the go ahead to start building their new £25million stadium at Plough Lane.
Wimbledon received permission from Merton Council to begin construction work as the club moved a crucial step closer to a return to its spiritual home.
The Dons want to start building the 11,000-seater ground next summer and hope they will move into their new stadium for the start of the 2019-20 season.
But Wimbledon faces a race against time for the stadium to be completed by then following a number of delays and that original move-in date may be put back.
Contractors Andrew Scott Ltd will now assess when building work can start and Wimbledon should know by early next year if the stadium will be ready on time.
The new stadium will be just 250 yards down the road from the old Plough Lane ground where Wimbledon FC played.
Dons chief executive Erik Samuelson described Wednesday as a “momentous day” for the club formed in 2002.
Samuelson said: “Everyone in football knows the story of how AFC Wimbledon came into being. A group of fans started with nothing; no ground, no team, no manager, no players and no kit. Now, fifteen years later, we have taken a giant step towards going home.
“This is a momentous day for us. Everybody who has helped the club to reach this point must be very proud.”
Wimbledon will start to search for a naming-rights partner early next year and dream of opening their new stadium with a match against Barcelona.
Barcelona is a fan-owned club like Wimbledon and the Dons will explore the possibility of playing the five-time European champions in a prestigious friendly.
“We will start thinking soon about who we would like to play in our opening game and the first thing you will think of are the biggest teams in the world,” said Samuelson.
“Why not ask Barcelona?! The sky is the limit! Nothing has got in our way before. We will give everything a go!”
Wimbledon will help pay for the £25m stadium with the sale of their current Kingsmeadow ground to Chelsea.
Chelsea will use the 4,800-capacity stadium to host all their academy and ladies' team matches and Wimbledon are thought to be getting around £2m from the Blues.
Wimbledon will also receive £14m from developers Galliard Homes, who will build 602 new homes, retail space and a squash and fitness club on the site.
The club will take out a loan to finance the rest of the project.
Asked if the stadium will be ready in time for the start of the 2019-20 season, Samuelson said: “Because it has taken a long time to get this sorted it is going to be incredibly tight.
"The next step is to go to the contractors and see what we can do to hurry it along and get it done for 2019. We will see. It is going to be tough. If we can, we will.”
Wimbledon manager Neal Ardley said: “A lot of my early football memories are connected to Plough Lane and it is exciting news to hear that the club will finally be able to start work on building a new stadium back there. To lead the team out back at our spiritual home would be a huge privilege.”
Leader of Merton Council, councillor Stephen Alambritis, added: “I look forward to seeing the stadium and housing become a reality over the coming months and cannot wait to see the first game. Welcome home AFC Wimbledon.”
While a devastating year-long conflict steals Yemen's spotlight, three Israeli sisters with Yemeni-Jewish roots seek to turn attention back to brighter parts of their homeland: the country's rich yet fading musical traditions.
The trio, Tair, Liron and Tagel Haim, make up A-WA (pronounced ‘Ay-wah,' Arabic slang for ‘yes'). Together, they fuse an eclectic blend of Yemeni folk songs with electro-pop and hip-hop beats.
“We discovered such a beautiful tradition,” Tair told Al Arabiya English in a Skype interview.
The Haim sisters, whose grandparents came from Yemen - their grandfather from the capital Sanaa and their grandmother from the southern city of Ibb - sing in an Arabic dialect spoken by Yemeni Jews. They describe their parlance as “very beautiful, melodic and groovy.”
Raised in an Israeli village near the Egyptian border, Tair explained that singing in the Yemeni-Jewish style is a way to keep in touch with their roots and heritage - and to connect with their grandparents who left Yemen over six decades ago.
Women used music as their outlet for their emotions. Tair Haim
In 1949, their grandparents were among the 50,000 Jews airlifted from Yemen's Aden – which at the time was a British colony – to live in the newly-formed state of Israel. The mass airlift, organized by the fledgling Israeli government, is known as Operation Magic Carpet.
Yemen's Jewish minority, generally referred to as Mizrahi Jews, have had a long history in Yemen that predates Islam. Yet today, only around 50 Jews are left in the impoverished Arabian Peninsula nation.
A-WA was formed five years ago, when the sisters - who are in their late twenties and early thirties - wanted to know more about their heritage and cultural traditions.
Tair, Liron and Tagel Haim during a live performance. (Photo courtesy: Gaya's Music Photos)
After discovering old records produced by Yemen's Jewish minority, the sisters were enchanted. A shared love of contemporary hip-hop and reggae sparked an idea.
They decided to record several songs and upload them on video-sharing site Youtube. “People started giving us comments and saying it was beautiful,” said Tair.
The response online mirrored the real-life reaction. The sisters have so performed sold-out shows in Europe and the United States.
‘Emotional outlet'
According to Human Rights Watch, Yemeni women face severe discrimination in all aspects of life. Yet what intrigued the sisters about their Yemeni heritage was how its Jewish women in Yemen used music to express their emotions.
Yemen's Jewish women would use oral poetry and song to document their lives, Tair said.
“Many songs have mysterious lyrics and a sense of humor but they are also very poetic - women used music as their outlet for their emotions,” they added.
Many of the old folk songs have a theatrical twist, with dancing and drumming on a tin drum or silver plate all parts of the act.
Lyrics tend to be fluid. The sisters say they have changed and added to the compositions, such as their version of Habib Galbi (Sweetheart) that they learned from their grandmother.
New musical world
“It's important for us to give a traditional song our own twist, to refresh it,” Tair said. “In a way, we are actually continuing the tradition.”
Habib Galbi became the first Arabic-language song to make it to the top of the Israeli charts last year.
Filming taking place on the set of the Habib Galbi music video set.
To help produce their songs, the sisters recruited Tomer Yosef from the Gypsy punk band Balkan Beat Box, a fellow Israeli who also has Yemeni roots.
The musical style of the sisters is also reflected in their clothes. The trio is often seen wearing traditional Yemeni attire and jewelry combined with street and hip-hop styles.
“We care about creating a world that combines the old and the new - Middle Eastern vibe and hip-hop vibe,” said Tair.
The Haim sisters seen wearing traditional Yemeni attire and jewelry combined with contemporary street style. (Photo courtesy: Tal Givony)
Last Update: Monday, 25 April 2016 KSA 21:02 - GMT 18:02
Valve has announced an overhaul of the Major stage names to include the qualifying phase.
ELEAGUE Major: Boston will kick off on January 12 with "The New Challengers" stage, previously known as the Major Qualifier, which will feature the eight teams determined by the Minors and the bottom eight finishers from PGL Major Krakow.
The top eight teams from this stage will progress to "The New Legends stage", previously known as the group stage, in which they will join the top eight finishers from the Krakow Major.
Both the New Challengers and the New Legends stages will be held at the ELEAGUE Arena, in Atlanta. The Major will culminate with "The New Champions" stage, formerly called the playoffs, at the Agganis Arena, in Boston, featuring the top eight teams from the previous stage, who will earn Legends status.
ELEAGUE Major Boston will feature 24 teams
Under this new system, the Major is expanded from 16 to 24 teams as the qualifiers and the Major itself are no longer independent from one another. According to a tweet from ELEAGUE General Manager and Vice President Christina Alejandre, all 24 teams attending the event will have team stickers and player signatures featured in-game.
The tournament format for the Major remains unannounced. For PGL Major Krakow, both the qualifier and the group stage featured a best-of-one Swiss stage, with the playoffs consisting of a best-of-three, single-elimination bracket.
Below you can find the schedule for ELEAGUE Major: Boston:
The New Challengers stage - January 12-15
The New Legends stage - January 19-22
The New Champions stage - January 26-28
The following 24 teams will compete at the Major:
TBS to air Major Feature Series
Meanwhile, ELEAGUE has announced that it will create a five-part docuseries about the Major, premiering February 9. The series, which will air on Fridays on TBS, will allow viewers to "get to know superstar players and relative unknowns from the bootcamp preparation through the grand final."
Tickets to ELEAGUE Major Boston are available at eleague.com/major. For the first time in the history of the Majors, attendees will be eligible to receive ingame drops by linking their Steam accounts with the RFID badges provided with tickets.
*UPDATE* ELEAGUE General Manager and Vice President Christina Alejandre has since confirmed that all 24 teams attending the Major will have stickers and player signatures featured in the game.
Between Jen and Brad's sexting, multiple Jolie-Pitts who never materialized, and the Obamas' baby, this was an exciting year in the tabloids. Too bad those stories were totally fake! Let's take a look back at all "news" that never was.
Advertisement
In the fall OK!, the runt of the tabloid litter, decided to cash in on the anticipation for New Moon with full month of fake Kristen Stewart/Robert Pattinson covers. Basically an OK! scribe sat up all night with copies of the Twilight books and theorized that, to quote the September 2 issue, "Life might just imitate art." Though, the Twilight twosome aren't actually engaged or married, and we're pretty sure Kristen doesn't "read aloud from the volume of Virgil's Doomed Love that [Rob] gave them this year."
At one point, the mag actually declared "each stage of the twosome's love story mirrors Stephenie Meyer's cult vampire saga." A joke about Robert Pattinson delivering Kristen Stewart's vampire baby would be appropriate here, but OK! already told fans they should be on a "bump watch" because Kristen may soon be delivering a baby which, if all goes according to plan, will be named "Clules Pattinson."
Advertisement
KStew and RPatz weren't the only celebs to tie the knot (in the minds of tabloid editors). Jason Trawick proposed to Britney Spears in the Bahamas with a ring they bought in the gift shop of the Atlantis Resort & Casino. (If anyone can appreciate a glittery plastic ring with dolphins on it, it's Britney.) The mag said the wedding would take place this month in Louisiana, with Jamie Lynn as Brit's maid of honor and their boys as ring bearers. Britney and Jason better get cracking — they only have two more weeks to throw together their "old-fashioned Southern wedding." Hey, maybe they can get Reverend Sun Myoung Moon of South Korea to perform the ceremony over the internet, just like they did for Nicole Richie and Joel Madden!
Truthfully, living room nuptials were not what we dreamed of for Nicole and Joel, but at least their wedding was better than Chris Brown and Rihanna's sexy domestic violence-themed wedding. Yes, Star actually tried to make Chris assaulting Rihanna sound romantic with lines like, "He tenderly wiped [her tears] away and kissed their face, which was still slightly bruised. They just kept whispering, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry.'" Thank god their beach wedding only took place in the pages of Star.
Advertisement
Several stars walked past the newsstands this year and were surprised to learn that their marriages were crumbling. The only source in this story about Sarah and Todd Palin's divorce was Mercede Johnston, Levi's 17-year-old sister. After all, who understands the inner workings of their marriage better than the teenage sister of their daughter's ex-boyfriend?
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick split too, and James "Wilke" (whose name is actually spelled "Wilkie") was caught in the middle... right between their two new baby sisters.
Advertisement
But, no one split more this year than Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. It seems Brad has only one method of transportation: storming off. While regular men might ride their motorcycle or go to their movie premiere, Brad can only "storm off" on their bike or "storm off" to the San Sebastian International Film Festival.
This year Brangelina started living in opposite ends of their French mansion, because it wasn't enough to just sleep in different bedrooms. There was one good thing that came out of their sparring. In Touch claims that Brad and Angie felt so guilty about their "crumbling relationship" that they spoiled the kids with theme days. All the Jolie-Pitts would dress up as characters from movies or books like James Bond or Harry Potter. We could probably tolerate Brangie's bickering if we got to have a "Wizard Day" with Maddox, Pax, Zahara, and Shiloh involving "magic potion punch to drink, and they had to solve clues to go to wizard college."
Advertisement
The only person Brad could vent to about they and Angelina's various "fights to end all fights" was, of course, the woman they humiliated and left for Angie. Jennifer Aniston had plenty of time to devote to Brad, since all she's done in the past five years is sat around and think about how she's "so lonely." Brad and Jen kept their love alive via text messages and drunk dials this year, and even managed to sneak past the paparazzi on numerous occasions to hook up in hotels or just take a leisurely two hour drive around New York City. Mostly they talked about what a handful Angie is, but Brad also provided beauty advice. Jen was thinking about cutting their hair, but a "friend" told In Touch, "He talked them out of it. They told them to just trim it and go blonder."
Of course, Brad and Jen also talked about them becoming a "mom at last," which is particularly creepy when you recall that they split because they couldn't agree on whether or not to have kids (or so the tabloids claimed at the time). Jen was desperate to get pregnant because they were turned 40 this year, so they tried to get every man they came in contact with to be their baby daddy. Apparently they couldn't convince John Mayer or Gerard Butler to spawn with her, because Star reported in April that they had completed paperwork (with Brad's help) to adopt an American baby boy that they would name Nicholas John. Fickle Jen must have changed their mind about little Nick at the last minute, since Star reported in December that they were adopting a Mexican toddler (with Brad's help).
Advertisement
Clearly, the only way for Angie to win Brad back from Jen was to get pregnant with (or perhaps adopt) their 7th child. After all, a man can walk out on six kids, but not seven. Star reported that Angie was two and a half months along on April 15, so we must have missed when they gave birth in late October. We'll have to keep our eyes peeled for the arrival of the other 7th baby she's currently pregnant with and the African and/or Eastern European baby she's adopting.
Advertisement
Sometimes it's just so hard to keep tabs on all the famous uteri, especially when the mags keep forgetting to write the word "someday" and the end of those coverlines about celebs who see babies in their future. Also, let's just make a rule that no female star is allowed to touch their belly and smile coyly ever again.
We got so wrapped up in the goings on in Katie's uterus that we almost forgot about the biggest pregnancy news of the year: White. House. Baby. In this inauguration story, Star claimed that 45-year-old Michelle Obama, who had difficulty conceiving Malia, decided to give in vitro a go because they and Barack had nothing else going on in 2009. If the procedure didn't work, they planned to adopt a learning-disabled child, or perhaps an African-American boy that Barack could "play hoops with." Unless they've cleverly disguised their adopted son in a Portuguese Water Dog costume, this never happened.
Advertisement
Looking back, we've had a lot of fun with the tabloids this year, from stories about Jessica Simpson keeping a framed picture of Tiger Woods in their bedroom, to Suri and Shiloh's 100% Photoshopped playdate. Who knows what the stars will do in 2010, or rather, what adventures the tabloids will concoct? Jennifer Aniston could adopt a brood of Bolivian orphans, Britney could get pregnant with sextuplets, or Michelle Obama could start sexting Brad Pitt. Think about what stories you'd like to see, because, as we've learned from the editors of Star, Us, In Touch, Life & Style, and OK!, the only limit is your imagination.
Jeff Gould is president of SafeGov.org and CEO and director of research at Peerstone Research.
In the past five years, the U.S. Navy has removed nearly 100 commanding officers from their positions. While the offenses motivating the dismissals covered a wide range of misconduct, including keeping a live goat on board a guided missile cruiser, the majority was removed for operational failures.
In the Navy, running your ship aground gets you fired. Such harsh discipline may not always be fair, but it serves an essential purpose. When a leader's misjudgments can have catastrophic consequences for a ship, its crew, or the nation as a whole, it is essentially these leaders accept their obligations of diligence and personal accountability. No system is invulnerable to attack. But a federal IT culture that emulates the Navy by embracing the principles of accountability and continuous improvement will make us safer than we are now.
In today's federal IT establishment, accountability is not the rule. After what is likely the most dangerous and destructive cyberattack the United States has ever suffered, the director of the Office of Personnel Management, where the attack took place, recently told the Senate, “I don't believe anyone is personally responsible . ”
It is time to change the rules, and hold federal IT organizations accountable for their missteps. The OPM breach, which the Obama administration says was the work of Chinese hackers, exposes every current and former federal employee to blackmail, identity theft, phishing attacks, espionage and untold other forms of harassment. While no lives have been lost, the OPM attack is undeniably a national catastrophe whose consequences will be felt for years to come.
Accountability means more than just removing leaders who put their ships on the rocks.
Accountability means IT organizations must place the interests of their users above their own. The flaws in the OPM's cyber defenses were apparent before the attack. An audit by the OPM's Office of the Inspector General last year revealed “major security problems” at the agency. The IG also reported, “OPM has a history of struggling to comply with FISMA (Federal Information Security Management Act) requirements.”
Director Archuleta at least agrees with this point, as they told Congress that FISMA compliance would not have prevented the breach. But it gets worse. A new “flash audit” by the IG predicts the agency's current plan for fixing its security vulnerabilities will fail.
OPM has so far refused to disclose to the public or to Congress exactly what went wrong. But crucial details have leaked. We know the stolen files were not encrypted, for instance. Director Archuleta stated in their testimony to Congress that OPM's COBOL-based legacy mainframes were “too old” to support encryption.
Just how old were these machines? IBM mainframes have had hardware-assisted encryption since at least the 1980s and public key encryption since the 1990s. And the COBOL programming language, which should have been retired from federal IT systems long ago, is nevertheless not incompatible with encryption.
There is no technological magic bullet that can guarantee our safety from the cyberattackers that will continue to come out of the woodwork. A former CIO of Homeland Security testified before Congress that the problems afflicting OPM are widespread and we should expect to find similar breaches in other federal agencies.
The security risks at OPM, and in the federal IT establishment as a whole, stem as much from obsolete patterns of organization and behavior as from outdated technology. The OPM breach demands a radical rethink of federal IT culture. Personal accountability from leaders is an indispensable first step.
We have been down this road before – and not so long ago, either.
Few in Washington can have forgotten the disastrous launch of HealthCare.gov. In the wake of that mess, the Obama administration responded with an admirable willingness to think outside the box. Two innovative units were formed with the express intention to disrupt traditional federal IT development practices: GSA's 18F and OMB's U.S. Digital Service. Both units promote an approach known as agile development, whose foundational values include close cooperation between users and technologists, rapid response to change, and continuous improvement.
Agile is chiefly a development methodology, but it can in fact be applied to cybersecurity as well. The key insight of approaches like those promoted by 18F and USDS is that change is as much a question of what is in people's minds and how they work together as of what technology or formal paper-based standards they use.
Let's hope those responsible for steering the OPM's future – and that of federal IT cybersecurity as a whole – are ready to learn this lesson. The time has come to follow the example of 18F and USDS and create a new organization charged with bringing fundamental change to federal IT security culture.
How to Get Rid of Red Eyes? : Do you find your eyes constantly red and tired? This is probably because you have gotten a red eye, a common condition that is harmless and typically short-lasting. Red eyes can be one of the results of fatigue and staying up for long hours. Most people assume that red eyes is caused due to an allergic reaction to dust. While this can be true in some cases, other causes can be warm climate, wearing contact lenses, computer vision, eye injury, glaucoma, lack of sleep and even cold and flu. In some cases, hormonal changes during pregnancy, smoking or even swimming in chlorinated water can cause red eyes.
Although red eye is quite common today, it is no reason for fear or concern. In fact, there are quite a few natural remedies that can be used to treat red eyes just at home. Read on to know what you can do should you contract red eyes!
How to Get Rid of Red Eyes? 10 Home Remedies for Bloodshot Eyes
1. Rose Water
Made from Rosa Damascene, rose water contains anti-infective and anti-inflammatory properties, making it a great herbal remedy for various eye conditions such as conjunctivitis. Soak 2 cotton balls in rose water and place them over your eyelids. Leave them on for 15 minutes. Repeat twice a day. You can also dip 2 slices of cucumber in rose water and place them over your lids. Cucumber's water content and rose water's cooling effect, when combined, works well in getting rid of red eyes.
Alternatively, you could also squeeze 2 to 3 drops of rose water into your eyes, or you could also wash your eyes with it. The herbal water works as an antiseptic solution, helping cure eye infections and reducing puffy eyes.
Also read: Benefits and Uses of Rose Water For Eyes
2. Cucumber
Due to its cooling effect and anti-inflammatory properties, cucumber is one of the most effective home remedies for red eyes, especially in reducing the swelling associated with the condition. Place a cucumber in your fridge for 10 to 15 minutes and then cut it into slices. Place a slice over each closed eyelid for some time, about 10 minutes. You will notice the welling disappear, as well as reduction in the intensity of your red eye.
Must read: Unbelievable Benefits & Uses Of Cucumber
3. Tea Bags
If you're here to know how to get rid of red eyes, this is one of the most convenient remedy yet. Do you have used tea bags you were planning to throw away? Do not do that just yet. Instead, refrigerate them and try placing the tea bags over your eyes. Tea contains tannins that in turn antimicrobial properties that work effectively in reducing under-eye swelling and red eyes. Chamomile tea bags are a great choice in this case. Bonus: Tea bags, when placed on your eyelids regularly, will also reduce eye bags and fend off dark circles.
Also read: 15 Uses and Benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar
4. Milk
Milk protein contains amino acids that have anti-inflammatory properties, making it a great home remedy for red eyes and other eye infections. Soak a cotton pad in cold, raw milk and then gently rub it over your closed eyelids for 15 minutes twice a day. This compress is great for preventing redness of the eyes. You can also make your very own homemade eye drop with equal amounts of milk and honey and squeeze 2 to 3 drops of the mixture into each eye.
Must read: How to Grow Eyebrows Naturally?
5. Raw Potatoes
The ultimate step to attaining healthy pair of eyes is to eat more foods that are rich in vitamins and minerals. One of such food are potatoes, which are a great source of vitamin E, making it effective in preventing eye infection and diseases. You may also alternatively use it as a topical remedy. Cut into thin slices or grate a potato and store it in your refrigerator. Once it is properly chilled, place the slices or grated spud over your eyes for 15 to 20 minutes. For best results, use this remedy before you go to sleep.
Also read: How To Improve Eyesight Naturally?
6. Vegetable Juice
Carrots contain beta-carotene and vitamin A, while spinach is a good source of minerals such as Zeaxanthin and Lutein. These essential vitamins and minerals are important to keep your eyes healthy and control infection overall. Simply run these vegetables in a juicer drink it regularly to treat red eyes as well as to control its itchiness.
Must read: How To Get Rid Of Dark Circles Under Eyes?
7. Fennel Seeds
Fennel seeds are an excellent eye tonic, and can improve your eye health tremendously when consumed raw regularly. To get rid of red eyes and any other eye inflammations, simply make a compress out of toasted fennel seeds. Warp and tie them up with a piece of cloth while the seeds are still hot, and place it on your eyes alternately. Another method is to rinse your eyes with fennel water. All you have to do is boil ½ tablespoon of fennel seeds in 1 cup of water for 25 to 30 minutes. Strain the liquid, and allow it to cool down before using it to rinse your eyes.
Also read: How to Get Rid of Stye?
8. Apple Cider Vinegar
You would have probably heard of the versatility of ACV in treating multiple infections and inflammations over and over again. But did you know that it is also one of the best treatments for red eyes? It contains malic acid, which is known for effectively curing bacterial infections. Mix 1 tablespoon of ACV in 1 cup of water. Take a cotton ball, dip it in the solution and clean your eyes with it. Let the solution enter your eyes, and gently massage your eyelids. This will also relieve you from the itchiness associated with red eye.
Must read: Top 10 Benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar for Hair
9. Green Tea
Green tea goes beyond just strengthening immune and slimming down your body. It is proven to cure a red eye too. Place two green tea bags in a cup of boiling hot water, and allow it to steep. Once the tea cools down, remove the tea bags and use the liquid to wash your eyes twice a day until the symptoms have completely disappeared. Alternatively, you can place the tea bags directly onto your eyelids for 10 minutes. The antioxidants from the tea will reduce inflammation, remove dust and cure any infection effectively.
Also read: 12 Health and Beauty Benefits of Green Tea
10. Fenugreek
This frequently used kitchen ingredient contains a steroidal saponin that helps reduce inflammation naturally. Soak a handful of the seeds in water for about 9 hours or overnight. Grind them into a thick paste and apply it on your closed eyelids. Let this stay for twenty minutes before you wash it off. Repeat this every alternate day for best results.
Must read: How To Get Rid of a Headache?
You never have to wonder how to get rid of red eyes anymore, now that we have given you one of the most convenient list of remedies to treat them at home. Not only are the natural and safe to apply, the ingredients used in the remedies are easily available in any household. Try them out, and get back to us with your feedback.
A portion of a USG interview with Nintendo localization producer Reiko Ninomiya...: I was surprised to see some of the anatomically correct statuary in the game! Meanwhile, I couldn't make my villagers speak harmless phrases in other languages because "you can't say that word." Yet you can have a town called, for example, Buttocks. Where do you draw the line on what's acceptable and what's not? It seems pretty hit-or-miss at times.: The art pieces you're talking about are ones that are well known--we didn't feel like we needed to exclude them because they were anatomically correct. They're classical art pieces.As for the profanity filter, there is no way that we can prohibit all the words that could be considered profane, but we do our best to protect our users using the tools we have available.
The City of Calgary plans to lift its state of local emergency Thursday morning but, for many people, the cleanup and recovery is far from over, the mayor said.
“There are a lot of our neighbours and friends who have been absolutely devastated by this,” said Mayor Naheed Nenshi in Wednesday's afternoon update from the Emergency Operations Centre. “Their personal recovery will be long and difficult.”
For between 550 and 900 Calgarians, just getting back into a permanent residence could take 12-18 months. About 1,200 more are likely to be displaced for up to six months, said Calgary Emergency Management Agency director Bruce Burrell.
The city is currently working with the provincial government to establish three temporary neighbourhoods similar to the one being set up for High River evacuees in southeast Calgary.
Each neighbourhood will have room for 300 residents, and trailers will likely be used for housing, Burrell said.
“The province will actually be constructing the neighbourhoods,” they said. “We'll just be providing the sites.”
As residents continue to clean up their homes and assess damage, more than two dozen homeowners are facing the prospect that their homes might not be able to be saved, Nenshi said.
One Calgary home has been demolished and 25 more could face a similar fate, as building assessments continue in the aftermath of the flood.
These houses had been marked as “black” — meaning they are uninhabitable, unsafe, and require assessment by a structural engineer to determine whether or not they will be safe for habitation.
“We're all attached to our homes,” Nenshi said. “It's not about the bricks and mortar, it's about where we live, where we raise our families, the place that we're rooted.”
The Bowness home that was demolished yesterday had a four- to six-metre deep sinkhole underneath it, and about a third of its brick foundation was missing.
Other homes designated as black are being fenced in or shored up to allow first responders or residents to go in and retrieve belongings. Demolition is a last resort, Burrell said.
Nenshi had some strong words for Calgary condo boards, urging them to request building inspections as soon as possible. The city has not heard from 49 multi-family dwellings that have been deemed as unfit for re-entry. As of Wednesday afternoon, it began conducting the inspections in those buildings anyway.
“We're just going in,” Nenshi said.
Building, electrical, plumbing and gas inspectors are going through the buildings to start the remediation process and, where needed, structural engineers are also inspecting buildings.
“When you chose to serve on the condo board, you took on a responsibility to ensure the safety of your building,” Nenshi said, adding that some property managers have not been dealing with their buildings in a timely manner. “If you're a condo board member, do not wait for your property manager. Call the city yourself, initiate the inspection yourself.”
Alberta's chief mental health officer Dr. Michael Trew was also on hand at the briefing, and urged flood victims to seek support as they cope with the aftermath.
Now available on 1.9 alpha!
Modular Tools introduces a self-balancing mechanic, allowing you to customize your tools using a compromise between upgrades and downgrades. Each upgrade and downgrade has a number of points associated with it, and you must "balance the equation" for the tool to work. Shift+Right-Click the tool to access the GUI. There is a number in the center of the GUI that will tell you if the points are too high or too low.
Current Tools:
Modular Pickaxe
Modular Sword
Modular Ring (movement capabilites)
Current Modifiers:
Upgrades Speed : Increases mining speed in the pickaxe, and movement speed in the ring Size : Increases mining area in the pickaxe, and attack area in the sword. 3x3 or 5x5 Harvest : Increases mining harvest level Light : If there are torches next to your pickaxe, it will place them on right-click. If not, it will place temporary lights that will disappear after about 10 seconds. Depth : Increases depth of mined blocks Trash : Will void any drops that appear in the "Trash Filters" slots Stone : When mining smooth stone, smooth stone will drop instead of cobblestone Vein : Will mine entire veins of ore. Only works on blocks with an unlocalized name starting with "ore" Drops : Increases drop rate from mining in the pickaxe, and from mobs in the sword (like Fortune/Looting) Attack : Increases the attack strength of the sword Behead : Increases the chance for Vanilla mobs to drop their heads by 20% each Flight : Adds time-limited flight and a cooldown. Timer resets every time you touch the ground Permanent Flight : Adds permanent flight without a timer/cooldown Step : Gives step-assist Hotbar : Allows the ring to work anywhere on your hotbar instead of in your hand
Downgrades Harvest : Reduces mining harvest level Speed : Reduces mining speed in the pickaxe, and movement speed with the ring Hunger : Makes mining, attacking with sword, or moving with the ring cost additional hunger Expensive : No negative effects, just an expensive recipe Very Expensive : No negative effects, just a very expensive recipe Damage : Using the tool costs extra durability Slowness : Induces the Slowness effect on use Experience : Moving with the ring slowly drains experience
FAQ:
This article is over 4 years old
Newspoll shows Labor ahead 54% to 46% after week that prime minister described as ‘ragged' due to confusion about the status of the Medicare co-payment and reaction to the ABC and SBS funding cuts
The federal government will end the final parliamentary sitting week of the year lagging in the polls and with Tony Abbott's approval rating at a five-month low.
The Newspoll published in the Australian on Tuesday shows Labor leading the Coalition 54% to 46% on a two-party-preferred basis, compared with 55-45% in the previous poll a fortnight earlier.
After a week that the prime minister described as “ragged”, the proportion of people satisfied with Abbott's performance dropped three points to 33%, the lowest level in five months.
About 57% expressed dissatisfaction with Abbott's performance, up two points since the last survey. This equates to a net approval rating of minus 24 points.
The proportion of people satisfied with Bill Shorten's performance as opposition leader remained steady at 39%, but their dissatisfaction rose two points to 43%. Shorten's net approval rating is minus four points.
Shorten opened up a seven-point lead over Abbott as preferred prime minister.
The phone poll of 1,164 voters from Friday to Sunday followed a week of confusion about the status of government policies, such as the Medicare co-payment, and scrutiny of broken promises over ABC and SBS funding cuts.
Abbott also defended the position of the defence minister, David Johnston, over a remark that they would not trust the government-owned ship builder to build a canoe.
The federal Coalition's unpopular budget policies were blamed for playing a role in the defeat of the Victorian state government on Saturday after a single term in office.
Abbott said on Tuesday the polls were “not so great”.
“But no one said that the task of budget repair would be easy,” they told Nine's Today program.
“I think the Australian people can be very confident that they have had a good year is under their belt. We're getting the fundamentals right and we are delivering for the people of Australia. I say to the people of Australia: we are delivering for you.”
Abbott conducted a 45-minute press conference on Monday in which they admitted it had been “a bit of a ragged week for the government” but insisted it had been “a year of very considerable achievement”.
The government is struggling to muster the required crossbench support to pass its bill deregulating university fees before the parliament rises on Thursday for the Christmas break.
The Coalition's primary vote increased one point since the last survey to 37% while Labor's vote dropped two points to 37% and support for the Greens rose two points to 13%. Support for others dropped one point to 13%.
The poll had a maximum margin of sampling error of 3%.
News > ESPORT > QL: The First Players & the map pool
As of today we're proud to announce the 12 first competitors for the Quake Live tournament at DreamHack Winter 2013. With big names such as Shane “Rapha” Hendrixson, Alexei “Cypher” Yanushevsky, Frazer “Fraze” Hockley together with some of the best European and Australian players this is shaping up to be one of the best Quake Live tournaments at DreamHack yet.
We have now filled 12 of the 32 spots in the tournament. The applications close on Sunday the 3rd of November (3/11), so make sure to apply for your spot today. Next wave of players will be released in a couple of weeks. Together with the players we're also releasing the maplist for the tournament.
Sparked by Raphas idea of a tournament we've decided to change the tournament layout at DreamHack. To replicate Rapha's idea exactly would be very hard (with 32 players) but we decided to increase the group stage to 8 players in each group. This means that we'll have 4 groups of 8 players where the top 4 in each group are proceeding to the single elimination stage.
Competitors
1. Rapha
2. Cypher
3. Spart1e
4. fazz
5. fire_bot
6. k1llsen
7. dem0n
8. matr0x_pl
9. STING
10. Fraze
11. Camma
12. Aeol
Maplist
Lost World
Toxicity
Cure
Sinister
Furious Heights
APPLY TODAY!
Mail to: esport@dreamhack.se
Subject: DreamHack Winter 2013 Quake Live Tournament
Name:
Nickname:
Team:
Nationality:
Telephone:
Twitter:
Notable achievements:
TOURNAMENT INFORMATION
Tournament: DreamHack Winter 2013 Quake Live Championship
Location: DreamHack Winter 2013, Hall B, Elmia, Jönköping, Sweden
Dates: 28-30 November
No of players: 32
Platform: PC
Monitor: 120Hz
Format: 1on1 Duel, BO3 Group Play to BO5 SE Play Off
Game Settings: 1on1, Duel, 10 minutes, 2 minutes overtime
Prize Purse: 100 000 SEK (1. 50 000, 2. 25 000, 3. 15 000, 4. 10 000)
Controllers: Please bring your own mouse, keyboard & headset
Tickets / Competitor fee: All competitors need to have the Event Pass / Competitor Pass (550 SEK) or Computer seat BYOC ticket (from 929 SEK) to be able to participate in tournaments. Buy tickets at bokning.dreamhack.se.
FOLLOW
QuakeLive
Facebook: /Quakelive
Twitter: @quakelive
www: www.quakelive.com
DreamHack
Facebook: /DreamHackfestival
Twitter: @DreamHack
www: www.dreamhack.se
Twitch
Facebook: /TwitchTV
Twitter: @TwitchTV
www: www.twitch.tv
Toronto's bustling library system is the latest agency to say it can't make city council's directive to cut 2.6 per cent of its spending without hurting services to Torontonians. At a meeting this week, chief librarian Vickery Bowles presented the library board with 2 per cent in proposed “efficiencies,” through increased revenue from space rentals plus lower spending, thanks to technological innovations including fine payments at self-checkout terminals.
Chief librarian Vickery Bowles says cutting the full amount requested would cut into services Torontonians need. ( MELISSA RENWICK / TORONTO STAR )
The $3.529 million in savings includes eliminating 8.7 full-time staff positions. To hit the target approved by city council at the urging of Mayor John Tory, the library would have to cut a further $1.077 million. Unavoidable costs for negotiated salary increases plus improved services — including expanded Sunday hours at some branches — boost the library's 2017 operating budget request to $178.8 million, or 0.9 per cent over this year's budget. “If TPL is required to find equivalent savings to meet the (council-directed) target, the Library would then need to implement service reductions,” Bowles wrote in their report, adding she'll continue hunting for efficiencies.
Article Continued Below
Toronto's library system is one of the busiest in the world, with 32.5 million items borrowed in 2015 amid increasing demand for online services and use of computer terminals in the 100 branches. The budget has risen, for the past six years, at half the rate of inflation. The request, approved by the board, goes to budget committee and eventually city council, which will have final say in February. Maureen O'Reilly, president of the union representing Toronto library staff, said the system is underfunded, considering the city's growing population and surging demand for library services. Responding to city hall's austerity push by relying on technology to replace library staff would be “disastrous” for customer service and satisfaction, they said. Library staff levels have dropped 14 per cent since municipal amalgamation, to 1,732.2 full-time staff equivalents.
The library is not alone in failing to hit council's cost-cutting target. The budget committee of Toronto's public health board voted this week refuse to meet the 2.6-per-cent directive, saying further cuts would mean a significant number of low-income students would no longer get healthy snacks at school.
Article Continued Below
Savings from actions that would not hurt service levels should be spent on other health programs that need a boost, rather than offered to council to constrain the overall city budget, the committee said. Toronto Community Housing has said a 2.6-per-cent cut, on top of huge pressures on the city social housing agency, will force the city to close some aging units. The TTC has said it could meet the target but faces an additional $172.6-million gap in its 2017 budget.
Read more about:
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Vice President Joe Biden hit the road for Ohio today in their first solo campaign event for Hillary Clinton. During their fiery speech to a hall of union autoworkers, the VP urged blue-collar voters not to buy what the GOP is selling.
In typical Biden fashion, they discarded their suit jacket before taking the stage and quickly proceeded to slam Trump and other Republicans for standing in the way of policies that would improve the economy and raise wages for average Americans.
The vice president said, “My biggest problem with Donald Trump … is not their cockamamie policies. It's the way they treat people.”
Video:
WATCH: VP Biden: Trump born with silver spoon in mouth and he's choking on it because foot's in mouth with spoon. https://t.co/YQo1TVvPm2 — NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) September 1, 2016
Biden said:
I'm so sick and tired – I know I'm not supposed to get angry, but I'm so sick and tired of hearing people like Trump and the Chamber of Commerce, the National Chamber [of Commerce] talking about how we get paid too much. Give me a break. Give me a break. This is a guy born with a silver spoon in their mouth that now he's choking on because their foot is in their mouth along with a spoon. I have a message to all you kids: Don't make any excuse for where you're from or who you are! Don't make any excuse for our insistence that we get paid a fair wage.
Biden added that Trump “doesn't understand this any more than you understand what it's like to live in a 30,000-square-foot penthouse 80 floors up in New York. They don't have any idea what it's like.”
The vice president slammed Trump for saying wages are “too high” and criticizing the Obama auto bailout, which saved thousands of Ohio jobs.
Biden's trip to the critical battleground state is a clear indication that Clinton is hoping to pick off white, blue-collar voters that Trump must win in order to have a shot at becoming president.
For Trump, pulling Ohio back into the Republican column won't be easy. According to RealClearPolitics, Clinton is beating them in the state by an average of four percentage points.
Something tells me this won't be Biden's last stop in the Buckeye State.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Today, I have for you, for your amazement and amusement, a performance of an astounding feat of magic, the almost impossible sounding and superb act of placing a round peg into a square hole,
“Wait….” You say, “That sounds easy!”
But! But…. Ahhh! My friends, my dear, dear friend, what if that proverbial round peg is eight sizes (give or take) too big for that allegorical square hole!? Feast your skeptical eyes upon this improbable looking challenge!
Attend to exhibit “A” on the left! A ficus microcarpa “melon seed”. A spectacular varietal dwarf that is causing a mild stir in the tropical bonsai culture because it has such tiny leaves.
These leaves are as big as they get and, therefore and amazingly, will reduce smaller using the ancient and fantastical Far East techniques we call, lovingly, bonsai.
As an aside, I believe, as a spinster does in the eternal love of their cats, that this variety is not a dwarf of the retusa or tiger bark variety but of the actual species (f. microcarpa “microcarpa”)
As evidenced by the tell-tale and ubiquitous “white dots” present on the bigger (but I'll name “micro” carpa) and the ready penchant for the throwing down of copious aerial rootage.
Now, brace thyselves, and prepare those who are faint of heart, I give you exhibit “B”!
The pot we are going to attempt to place our poor ficus into.
To present a metric, my thumb is exactly one inch wide, and therefore the perfect example of the so-called “Rule of thumb”, which isn't so much a rule of life but a rule (hence why we call a “ruler” a ruler)…a unit of measurement.
As another aside, the fact of my thumb being exactly one inch wide, is just another notch in my belt that points to my perfection. My foot is precisely twelve inches long too……..
Getting back to the task at hand (which from outstretched thumb tip to middle finger tip is eight inches), let's address the roots.
Using my ingenious and self-fabricated root hook, I begin the task of, well, rook hooking.
Ficus are clever in the fact that they have big, fleshy roots used for energy storage (for getting through those long winter nights so common in the tropics……?) and we find a few that must be excised (not to worry, the trunk is, as well, an excellent container of energy for our intrepid and much (about to be) abused fig (for, as you know, dear reader, a ficus is a fig is a ficus the world over, and under as well, as they say in Hades, “A flight of figs ease fear for the fallen”).
Our fig, sans soil, looking about like what my dear aunt Bertha looks, at our holiday familial open house, sitting in the corner after a few too many egg nogs and cordials, their skirt unfortunately hiked up above their unshaven knees, as they just needs, they say, a small rest. Poor uncle Fred. No wonder he's been belting the scotch back like a boiler room private dick from the 20's. Bertha is one mystery he's had to solve way too many times. Have a shot on me Uncle, the good stuff.
Roots…..
Trimmed roots.
I bet that uncle Fred wished there were a service that would trim and wash the growth that lives under aunt Bertha's orange, flower-print party dress as neatly as this.
Or at least comb out the hair, uh…I mean the roots. A jungle is hard to penetrate, so to say…….
So now, ladies and gentlemen (and Bertha) the time has come for the magic to be revealed. For that astounding feat of ingenious plant craft we like to call, rather plainly, actually, the “put it in the pot to see if we need to cut any more roots” part of the demonstration. Purrrrfecto!
By this point you'll notice that I've performed a styling of our tree as well. Looks good, right? That's why I'm a professional. We could put this tree into a show and it would at least get a participation award (if it's a Progressive enough show, that is. Conservative shows don't care if your self esteem is damaged by losing….).
And, after offending both the rebublicrats and democrans with that last statement, it's Miller time!
Or at least beer-thirty. I'm a beer snob today it seems. It's Fat Tire, amber ale, time!
The tree has made an appearance in the blog alongside this other shohin, banyan style melon seed. Which has filled in well, considering it fungus-ed out earlier in the year (If you want to read the post on the first apearance click here. I want to warn you though, there are references in that previous post that you may be offended by. Just a warning).
This variety gets so dense that, in my sub tropical paradise of Orlando Florida, fungus will attack the tree due to the decreased air flow that dense foliage creates. I must point out, to save myself some indemnity, that I am in Orlando and what I can do to this tree in September is not what you can do. Unless you are south of me on the Floridian peninsula.
It does need a trim and some structural pruning.
Nice base (and it's all about that base) It's lacking some taper.
Cha Cha Cha chop! This will make a good cutting.
I could probably do some wiring….. Nah! I think I need another beer.
So, dear reader, we have accomplished the task set before us.
The proverbial African folk tale of “How the elephant and the gnat get married.”
(You haven't heard that one? The moral of the story is “With a little patience, determination….and spit, even an elephant can deflower a gnat……)
Before:
And after
And that, my friends, and with the elephant image now stuck in your heads forever, is that.
So long and thanks for all the fish! Adieu!
The new film, Birdman, directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu, centers around a theater adaptation of Raymond Carver's “What We Talk About When We Talk About Love.” Michael Keaton's character, Riggan Thomson, writes, stars in, and directs the play. The movies have seen their share of short story adaptations (including several of Carver's, from nine of their stories in Robert Altman's Short Cuts to “Why Don't You Dance?” as Everything Must Go starring Will Ferrell), but these tight, knowing globes often become both bloated and oversimplified when stretched to feature-length. Alice Munro's “Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship” had to drop the Friendship and Courtship to fit on the silver screen. The short story thrillingly convinces readers they're in for extreme disappointment before veering into happily every-after, and in so doing, allows both the good (achieved) and bad (narrowly avoided) outcomes to co-exist as alternate realities. The film, on the other hand, is a sweet and enjoyable story of an unlikely romance, with an unsettling emphasis on the virtues of vacuuming.
So why then, does Birdman yoke itself to Carver? Mike Shiner, a balls-out stage actor played by Edward Norton, asks their director the same thing. In response, Riggan produces from their wallet a folded cocktail napkin, with a note from the gin-soaked man himself: “Thanks for an honest performance — Ray Carver.” It's a tidy origin story — this was the moment when Riggan knew they wanted to be an actor — but Mike scoffs. “It's on a cocktail napkin,” they say. “He was drunk.” Well, if words Ray Carver wrote while drunk intrinsically had less value, we might as well throw out their entire collected works. But still, Mike is on to something, and their question, “Why Carver?” remains.
My theory is that Riggan chose a Carver story for their play for the same reason Iñárritu chose a Carver story for their movie. Carver's work is literary — prestigious enough to impress — but still working class. He's the contemporary short-story writer who's okay for men to like, even though their themes are, at times, not all that different from Alice Munro (of whom, I have heard at least one man say, “writes too much about women”). If you knew neither story, could you guess which title — “Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship” or “What We Talk About When We Talk About Love” — was written by a nice Canadian lady and which was written blue-collar manly man?
I can't speak to the quality of “What We Talk About…” the play; we are only shown snippets, though I suspect it too is bloated (there are dancing reindeer). But I can speak to the quality of the screenwriting (by Iñárritu, with two others), which is excellent. A single camera, giving the illusion of one long shot, follows the characters through backstage corridors, staying close to their bodies and even occupying their lines of sight. The last line in “What We Talk About…” is as close as Birdman's camera, physically, if not emotionally, near: “I could hear my heart beating. I could hear everyone's heart. I could hear the human noise we sat there making, not of us moving, not even then the room went dark.”
As in Carver's stories, the dialogue is crisp and the characters are efficiently complex. But what most impressed me was the way the story moved through its own narrative, stealthily yet unexpectedly, like the camera through a narrow space. Carefully chosen excursions onto rooftops of the Majestic and into the streets of Times Square give relief from tight spaces, in the same way Carver uses anecdotes of car accidents and ex-husbands to relieve a claustrophobic conversation had around a kitchen table.
Birdman is about a short story adapted for theater, but it's also a movie that could be adapted into a short story. Many issues that short story writers struggle with regularly are deftly handled here. Take this POV problem, for example: Riggan is haunted by their Birdman alter-ego, a macho, gravelly voice that tells them what to do. Some of Birdman's powers — flight, telekinesis — may or may not have stayed with Riggan post-shoot. Which raises the question, in a close-third story, how does one indicate to the reader a character's delusion when they are not capable of indicating it himself? (Birdman's answer: use a taxi-driver.) Other, more basic craft questions are also addressed: How does one deliver backstory in an organic way? How can one write three-dimensional, secondary characters without allowing them to dominate a story? (I can't help but mention that, also like many short stories, the last couple of “lines” in Birdman become sentimental and should be cut.)
That Birdman has answers to all these questions indicates to me that it's of a piece with short fiction that's currently popular: blurring genre (I'm looking at you, George Saunders), fantasy delivered in service of character (of which Karen Russell is queen), and blending of the real and unreal. That last one is particularly on trend — how many novels and stories have you read lately in which the fiction borrows overtly from the author's life? Perhaps the main character even shares a name with the author. (Ben Lerner's wonderful novels Leaving the Atocha Station and 10:04 come first to mind.) In Birdman, Riggan Thomson shares a similar story to Michael Keaton's: they are both former stars of multi-million dollar superhero franchises, who turned down a late sequel. There hasn't been a term coined for this cross-referencing between fact and fiction yet, but it's the postmodernism of the internet age. It's hyper-realism, fictionalized. We might call it hyper-fiction.
In Birdman, the vilified theater critic for the Times calls it “the unexpected virtue of ignorance,” giving the film its clunky alternate title. She's referring to moments on stage that would be pretend but aren't: real sex, real blood. It's Borges' life-size map (Ed Norton reads Labyrinth in a tanning bed, by the way, so the allusion is there); it's life influencing art and art influencing life interchangeably.
A newly constructed bike path in Rio de Janeiro, connecting the southern coastal neighborhoods of Leblon and São Conrado, collapsed Thursday, killing at least two.
Brazilian news service O Globo reported that the elevated “Ciclovia Tim Maia,” which spans high above São Conrado beach, collapsed with at least five people on the path at the time.
An Associated Press photographer at the scene saw at least two bodies laid out on the beach.
The 3.9km “Ciclovia Tim Maia” bike path was opened on January 17th, and cost $44.7 million to build. The Rio Times reported that the path was funded by Brazil's National Bank for Economic and Social Development (BNDES), adding to the infrastructure overhaul that the city of Rio de Janeiro is receiving ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Uma pessoa morre em queda de ciclovia no Rio; 5 teriam caído no mar https://t.co/a5ILvNgHTz #G1 pic.twitter.com/TvwN1qDlot — G1 (@g1) April 21, 2016
Globo's G1 spoke with Guilherme Miranda, a cyclist who was riding toward the bridge, who said a large wave hit the path, causing a segment of it to flip, and collapse.
“I almost died,” they said. “Where's the mayor, where's the engineer who did this work? It's hopeless, you see people dying in front of you. Somebody has to give an answer, they spent $45 million on this. They just opened it, and it's already cracked in several places.”
Municipal secretary Pedro Paulo Carvalho told O Globo that it was “premature” to say that there was a failure in the path's construction.
However, Brazilian economist Cleber Pereira disputed that, saying it was “absurd” that a newly opened construction project, set upon the ocean, would collapse due to a breaking wave. “Where are the engineers who designed this?” they said. “A work of this size and they didn't provide for natural events like crashing waves?”
A video on the Facebook page of Brazilian bodyboarder Fabio Aquino shows the devastation. Aquino refers to the path as “the Olympic bike lane.” While the path is among many projects built in preparation for the Games, it was not to be used as part of the August 6-7 Olympic road races.
A situação só piora!!!!
A ciclovia olímpica acaba de cair!!!
O Brasil está acabando… Posted by Fabio Aquino on Thursday, April 21, 2016
“The Jao climb, which the peloton will go over, is inland from this bridge by about one kilometer, as the crow flies,” explained Jim Miller, USA Cycling's vice president of athletics, who has scouted the Olympic road course.
In the weeks after it was opened, local newspapers reported on assaults and robberies along the path, and featured photos of deterioration, showing missing handrails and rusting metal parts.
The Flaw in Obama's Phone and Pen Governance
For conservatives and Republicans, President Obama's insouciant approach to government, that they can do anything they want using their phone and their pen, is maddening. One week their EPA is enveloping coal plants in a tangle of new regulation; next week he's emptying Guantanamo Bay at any cost. We respond by fulminating about lawlessness and the rule of law and snigger about the president's fecklessness when their actions descend into the farce of the Bowe Bergdahl affair. It's easy to blame Obama for the lameness of their phone-and-pen governance and attribute it to their laziness. But Barack Obama is a politician; what politicians do is fight elections, and Barack Obama -- or their team -- is nothing if they are not good at winning elections, so they are not the first politician tempted to reduce governance to electoral posturing.
Joseph P. Schumpeter wrote over half a century ago that “the democratic method creates professional politicians whom it then turns into amateur administrators and 'statesmen.'” This truth is celebrated in the British TV sitcom Yes, Minister in which the professional civil-service administrator Sir Humphrey Appleby runs rings around their politician boss Jim Hacker. Anyway, Obama didn't learn their intellectual laziness on their own. The bigger problem is laziness of the whole gentry-liberal bubble itself. It can't be bothered to persuade; that's too hard and really beneath the dignity of the members of a ruling class. So it resorts to lies and bullying and executive orders, from ObamaCare to climate change to marriage equality. It can't be bothered to do the hard work of persuasion and coalition building. Let's put the question in another way. Why would a normal president go to the work and the trouble of, e.g., getting bipartisan Congressional consensus to pass a comprehensive overhaul of the federal income tax as President Reagan did in 1986? Why did they go to the trouble of getting Rep. Dick Gephardt (D-MO) and Sen. Bill Bradley (D-NJ) to sponsor it? Why did they work so long and hard with Rep. Dan Rostenkowski (D-IL), chairperson of the House Ways and Means Committee that pushed the bill through the House? I will tell you why. Because executive actions unsupported by legislation and bipartisan majorities can be reversed on January 21 on the year following a presidential election by a stroke of the pen. If you want to govern for the ages you want make repeal or reversal into something unthinkable, something that makes high-status gentry liberal women gasp, and that kind of governance requires the hard work of persuading the American people into a national consensus. The second-rate politician is easily tempted into the short-cut of force. It's easy to see why. As I argue in “Government and the Technology of Power” any government is really nothing more than a guerrilla group written large. It has a monopoly of force in some territory and collects taxes to sustain its power and reward its supporters. But if it wants to become really big and powerful it must learn how to ease off on the force and taxation so that the people it governs can grow prosperous and deliver even more taxes. The interesting thing about governments is how seldom they get this. All they seem to know is force and the clunking fist. Barack Obama seems to think that the future of America depends on more taxes and regulation. Pune-born Brahmin Kshama Sawant thinks that the answer to low pay is for government to force businesses to pay $15 per hour. The sweet spot for government is to tax and force just enough to stay in power and keep its supporters happy, but no more. When it does resort to force (for all legislation is force) it's best to dress the whole thing in the decent drapery of bipartisan consensus, and keep the administrative ukase hidden in reserve. Why? Because every act of government is an act of force. If government is reversing an ancient injustice it is probably inaugurating a new one, for every act of government hurts someone. And unless the stabbing pain is neutralized by the analgesic of proclaimed consensus, it will grow into a rebellion of the body politic. Obama is governing by phone and pen in a mad dash to implement every item on the liberal agenda before the clock strikes the end of the current liberal hour.  They are setting their supporters up for a demoralizing rout. The idea of limited government is not pie-in-the-sky utopianism. It is merely practical. It says that force is a blunt instrument good only for cowing your enemy into submission whereas the whole point of human society is human flourishing. You can't make a flower bloom by bashing it into submission with a spade. Christopher Chantrill @chrischantrill runs the go-to site on US government finances, usgovernmentspending.com. Also see their American Manifesto and get their Road to the Middle Class.
Update: Joe Dumars denies ever talking about Brandon Jennings.
After (allegedly) trying to convince the Celtics to part with Rajon Rondo, Joe Dumars has (maybe) set their sights on orchestrating a sign-and-trade for Brandon Jennings. Or not. It depends on who you ask, really.
Let's turn to the tweets:
Whispers increasing at Vegas Summer League that Bucks are talking to Pistons about Jennings' sign and trade. — Gery Woelfel (@GeryWoelfel) July 15, 2013
League source: #Pistons and Bucks haven't had any conversations about a Brandon Jennings sign-and-trade — Vincent Goodwill (@vgoodwill) July 15, 2013
Two thoughts:
1) What are "whispers," exactly? It kind of sounds like second-hand info in need of a giant grain of salt. If there was concrete info here, I'm guessing it'd warrant an actual article and not an offhand tweet.
2) That said ... Woelfel is in Las Vegas, while Goodwill isn't. That's not to say that their info is any better, just that he's likely hearing more things from more people. That can be a good thing, sometimes, but it can also tilt the signal-to-noise ratio in the wrong direction, too.
3) Regardless whether the Pistons are talking to the Bucks, should they be talking? Eh, I'm not sure.
Without spending too much time trying to imagine what it'd take to get this deal done, let's assume it'd involve Brandon Knight. Neither player is terribly efficient scoring, but Jennings is a much better playmaker. But is they enough of an upgrade to justify giving up a player two years younger still on a rookie scale contract?
I don't see it. But I don't see a lot of things that Joe Dumars does, for better or worse.
Now your thoughts.
The feasibility of introducing the food tax is being raised informally between civil servants, industry bodies and retail insiders.
So politically-sensitive is the move that all the talks are occurring "under the radar", according to retail industry insiders.
Basic supermarket groceries are currently immune from VAT, along with books, newspapers and children's clothes.
However a VAT levy on food of between three and five per cent would raise billions of pounds in tax and help reduce Government borrowings, which are expected to hit £180 billion this year.
The tax would be controversial as it would disproportionately affect poorer families. Any move to impose it would be vehemently opposed by the UK's large food retailers, who argue that it would be a 'tax on living'.
Justin King, the chief executive of J Sainsbury, said this weekend that a tax on groceries would be a "very bad idea". Another supermarket executive said last night that the tax would be "political dynamite".
The topic is being tentatively brought up in Whitehall as politicians, lobbyists and civil servants examine possible ways of raising revenues, according to multiple retail industry sources.
An increase in headline VAT above its current 17.5 per cent level is also being mooted.
One senior industry executive said: "VAT on groceries is being talked about in very tentative terms, rather than as a formal consultation. But it is happening in all parts of Whitehall. It is informal and sensitive. It is such a red hot topic."
"They are thinking the unthinkable. It might not happen, but don't think that people are not having that conversation. They are."
A Treasury spokesperson said that there was "absolutely no question" of the current Chancellor imposing VAT on groceries.
"It is not remotely on the table," they said.
However civil servants are examining all the permutations available to the next government to bring in revenue following the election.
The food industry is against the move. Mr King said: "On food, VAT acts in a very regressive way. The poorer you are, the higher the proportion of your household income you spend on food.
"So if you were to introduce VAT on food that would be very damaging for the poorest in our society. So I think that would be a very bad idea and I think most governments would understand that."
A second supermarket chief executive said: "My view is that it would be totally inappropriate. You are taxing what people have to eat to live. Groceries are not discretional to spend."
They added that if the new tax were imposed, retailers would have to pass it on to customers in the form of higher prices.
It is understood that the British Retail Consortium (BRC) is in the process of compiling a major report into the impact on the consumer economy on both direct and indirect taxation. The report will be published prior to the election.
Stephen Robertson, the director-general of the BRC, said that a tax on food could be damaging to the economic recovery.
"My feeling is that it could be dangerous to apply a brake on spending at this point in a very fragile recovery," they said.
On Friday, John Lewis Partnership warned that shoppers are already wary of higher taxes.
"Consumers will also be wary that further out they are very likely to face higher taxes as part of the major corrective action that will be needed to rein in the government finances. It has been mooted for example that VAT could rise to 20pc," the retailer said.
Late last year the National Institute of Economic and Social Research said that families face the prospects of income tax increases and having to pay VAT on previously exempt goods such as basic food if the Government's budget is to be balanced.
Back in March 2011, when the biggest threats facing Obamacare were the Supreme Court and the 2012 elections, I argued that the demise of the Affordable Care Act would put people's lives in immediate danger.
At the time, the law had relatively few beneficiaries—people under 26 covered by their parents' health plans, a small population of people with pre-existing medical conditions. But some of them had already used their new coverage to finance the kinds of life-saving treatments that would leave them in need of chronic care for the rest of their lives. Take away the health law, and most of these organ transplant recipients and other patients would have become unable to afford their medications, and some of them would die.
Since then, millions of people have gained coverage under the law, and that group of chronic care patients has grown much larger. But despite the fact that the Court upheld the law, and President Obama won reelection, the ACA isn't out of danger.
On Friday, the Supreme Court agreed to hear a case that will determine whether the federal government can continue to subsidize private ACA coverage in states that didn't set up their own insurance exchanges.
“Islam, Christianity and Judaism all look to Abraham as the father of our faith traditions,” Carson said. “Understanding one another's traditions is important to share peace and understanding in our community.”
“Abraham was neither a Jew nor a Christian, but they were one inclining toward truth, a Muslim. And they were not of the polytheists.” (Qur'an 3:67)
“There has already been for you an excellent pattern in Abraham and those with him, when they said to their people, ‘Indeed, we are disassociated from you and from whatever you worship other than Allah. We have denied you, and there has appeared between us and you animosity and hatred forever until you believe in Allah alone' except for the saying of Abraham to their father, ‘I will surely ask forgiveness for you, but I have not for you anything against Allah. Our Lord, upon You we have relied on, and to You we have returned, and to You is the destination.” (Qur'an 60:4) In other words, Abraham is an excellent pattern for believers when they tell their unbelieving relatives that “there has appeared between us and you animosity and hatred forever until you believe in Allah alone,” but not when they say to their father, “I will surely ask forgiveness for you.”
“I have realized that when people hear a narrative repeated often enough, they will buy into it — even when that narrative is false.” Indeed. That's what this dialogue in Las Cruces is all about: repeating that false narrative so that more people will buy into it.
“What I learned here today that I did not understand at all about Islam or the Muslims is that they really respect all nations, and believe that it's OK to have many religions,” said Carol Peterson, a participant from Peace Lutheran, speaking after the February event. “They believe that basically there's one God. I was under the impression that Muslims wanted all of us to be one, wanted us to be like they are. But they respect us. I didn't know that, and that blew my mind — because I thought that was the purpose of all this turmoil in our world. I thought they wanted us to become Muslim.”
“And whoever desires other than Islam as religion – never will it be accepted from him, and he, in the Hereafter, will be among the losers.” (Qur'an 3:85)
“And fight them until there is no fitnah and the religion, all of it, is for Allah.” (Qur'an 8:39)
“Understanding Islam: Las Cruces church creates dialogue,” by Damien Willis, Las Cruces Sun-News, March 21, 2016 (thanks to Christopher):
LAS CRUCES – A Las Cruces church is making an effort to increase understanding and foster dialogue between the local Christian and Islam communities. Peace Lutheran Church has launched an ongoing series of presentations called “Understanding Islam,” in collaboration with members of the Islamic Center of Las Cruces. The first presentation took place at Peace Lutheran Church on Feb. 16 and focused on the fundamental beliefs and practices of Islam, as well as the Islamic view of Judaism and Christianity. More than 100 people participated in the discussion. More discussions are planned, including an event on Tuesday to discuss ISIS, freedom of religion and women's role in Islam. “We had a very positive response — overwhelmingly positive,” said Jared Carson, pastor of Peace Lutheran. “We conducted a survey afterward, asking if they would be willing to invite a friend to future events. Eighty percent said they would.”
Why it's important “Islam, Christianity and Judaism all look to Abraham as the father of our faith traditions,” Carson said. “Understanding one another's traditions is important to share peace and understanding in our community.” Muhammad Dawood, a native of Pakistan who is an associate professor at NMSU's College of Engineering, was one of three panelists at the first convening. “I am an educator,” Dawood said. “I teach and touch lives every day. From that perspective, I have realized that when people hear a narrative repeated often enough, they will buy into it — even when that narrative is false. But when you give them another perspective, they tend to look at the issue more critically. These are profound issues. And, given the opportunity, we are really good at coming to our own conclusions.” Carson believes a respectful dialogue can achieve great things. “The importance of civil dialogue with others is an important model,” they said. “While I'll maintain my own faith, learning about my neighbor is very important — to build relationships.” Randy Harris of the Great Conversation, a Las Cruces organization that promotes thoughtful and respectful dialogue, attended the first discussion. “Events and gatherings like this serve to bring our community together in commitment to compassionate and informed engagement,” Harris said. “In a time when the default practice in our politics and religion, particularly, seems to be one of demonizing and deriding and pitting neighbor against neighbor, those willing to come together for civil dialogue are much appreciated.”
The response “It was wonderful,” Dawood told the Sun-News, about February's kick off event. “People were very encouraging, and they clearly wanted us to do this. We're so grateful to the people at Peace Lutheran for providing us the platform.” Dawood said the discussion far exceeded their expectations. Many who participated walked away with a much different perspective on the Islamic faith. “What I learned here today that I did not understand at all about Islam or the Muslims is that they really respect all nations, and believe that it's OK to have many religions,” said Carol Peterson, a participant from Peace Lutheran, speaking after the February event. “They believe that basically there's one God. I was under the impression that Muslims wanted all of us to be one, wanted us to be like they are. But they respect us. I didn't know that, and that blew my mind — because I thought that was the purpose of all this turmoil in our world. I thought they wanted us to become Muslim.” Colleen Morken, a Border Servant Corps volunteer, also attended the inaugural “Understanding Islam” event. “I really have very little understanding of Islam, and I feel like it's kind of looked down upon — to even try to learn about it,” Morken said. “Especially in light of recent events, and certain politicians that are running for office. I really wanted to have concrete reasons for telling people that they should not be Islamophobic, instead of just telling people not to judge a group based on the actions of a few people — a few people that are technically not even a part of the group.” Morken said they gained a better understanding of the roots Islam shares with Christianity and Judaism, and the role the Quran play in the context of other holy texts. “A lot of it is peace, love, mercy and grace toward one another,” Morken said. “A lot of times, that is overlooked in the mainstream media.”
Two religions, one conversation Joyce Larsen, a Las Cruces Muslim who attends the Islamic Center of Las Cruces, attended the February event. They said it is critical to provide a forum where dialogue can be fostered in this age of heightened rhetoric. “It's really important, in our current cultural and political atmosphere,” Larson said. “It seems, at least in some circles, that things are getting more intolerant rather than better. I think it's important to counteract that larger national vibe. It means a lot that people want to understand and respect each other. It means that there's a lot of hope for us to work together.” Karen Harvey, a Christian who attends Peace Lutheran, agreed. “With the things that are happening in our country right now, I really wanted to get some more information,” Harvey said. “I wanted to be more knowledgeable about what Islam is. I had always known that they believe in some of the Christian prophets, and that Jesus Christ was a prophet.” Harvey said they left with a better understanding of the way Muslims regard Jesus, and the distinction between prophets and messengers.
Tackling terrorism The second “Understanding Islam” discussion will take place from 6 to 8 p.m. Tuesday at Peace Lutheran Church, 1701 E. Missouri Ave. The event is free and open to the public, and you do not need to have participated in the first dialogue to attend. “We are not really scholars of theology, we're just regular common folks explaining the way we understand it,” Dawood said. “The one on Tuesday will be even better than the first one, I think. We'll be talking about ISIS, and some of the hot-button issues you see on the news. The sound bites you hear really aren't helping anyone. As Muslims in the U.S., we'll go into the way it's impacting us.”…
“Impacting us,” not the victims of jihad terrorism. So apparently the talk will be dedicated to showing how Muslims are victims, and “Islamophobia,” not jihad terrorism, is the problem.
Huawei had a great year with its flagship phone the Huawei P9. It sold in huge numbers and it was a great phone and it still is a good phone. It has a great design, a powerful processor, good battery timing and a quite capable camera. We are expecting Huawei P10 a successor to Huawei P9 to be revealed at MWC 2017 in Barcelona.
If reports are to be believed, Huawei P10 will come with quite a number of revolutionary features. Today, a popular Chinese tipster @ichangezone has leaked two renders of alleged Huawei P10 showing the phone in Green and Purple colors. The tipster also claimed that the phone will come with enhanced audio system which Huawei has developed in partnership with Yamaha and Harmon Kardon. This is not surprising as Huawei has previously partnered with expensive brands like Lieca and Porsche on the Huawei P9 and Huawei Mate 9 Porsche.
Huawei does not want people to think of it as some cheap Chinese brand, therefor it is partnering with expensive brands like Lieca, Porsche, and now, Yamaha and Harmon Kardon. The main reason for these partnerships seems to gain brand recognition more than to improve on the features. Though we have seen quite an improvement in the camera department on the P9, Honor 8, and Mate 9, it still falls behind than the likes of Galaxy S7, iPhone 7, and Google Pixel.
Other rumors suggest that Huawei P10 will come in five different colors l.e Black, White, Gold, Green, and Purple. Other leaked specs include 5.5-inch QHD AMOLED display which is an upgrade from the FHD display of Huawei P9. The images below also reveals that the Huawei P10 will come with a wider apperture 2.0 instead of P9 which means improvements in low light photography. Low light photography on the P9 was not that great due a smaller 2.2 apperture and lack of OIS, lets hope Huawei get it right this time.
Under the hood, the phone is expected to be powered by an octa-core Kirin 960 chipset (clocked at 2.3GHz)which is currently of the fastest chipsets in mobile. We have seen the Kirin 960 perform very well in the Huawei Mate 9. A Mali G71 GPU will accompany the Kirin 960 for excellent gaming performance. In the memory department the phone is rumored to come with 6GB of RAM and 256GB of storage inside the top model. Other models might come in 64GB and 128GB versions but we don't know yet anything about that.
Some previous leaks also suggest, the phone will a dual edge design which is becoming quite a norm these days. Another major feature that Huawei P9 is rumored to come with is the Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology. The phone is also said to have IP68 certifaction and will support wireless charging.
In a memorable scene in “The Big Short,” the Oscar-nominated 2015 movie about the financial crisis, a real estate agent shows the main characters around a desolate Florida subdivision. They insist that the market is just in a lull as they drive past rows and rows of vacant homes.
But it wasn't just a lull. It was the housing bubble bursting, and that emptiness was replicated in communities around the world as people lost their homes and developers' projects went bust.
One of the worst cases was in Spain, where there were more than 3 million unoccupied homes in 2014. Half-finished developments still dot the landscape.
Christopher Marcinkoski Northwestern area of Ciudad Valdeluz, known as the Miraflores district, in 2014.
They're the subject of The City That Never Was, a book published in January by Christopher Marcinkoski that investigates what they call “speculative urbanization." They use the term to describe what happens when public and private groups embark on large development projects for an economic boost rather than actual need, and shows the devastating consequences.
In the early 2000s, there was a huge construction boom as provinces across Spain raised entire new cities, airports and massive infrastructure projects.
PNOA The El Cañaveral development, shown from above in 2002 and 2012, is located in central Spain.
"You could find, very easily, villages of 300 people that were undertaking expansions that would double and triple the housing stock," Marcinkoski said.
Marcinkoski, an assistant professor of landscape architecture at the University of Pennsylvania, noticed the pattern when they visited Spain in 2010.
"The amount of housing that was produced was still beyond the amount of any [population] projections," they said. "I realized it was more than just one city or a localized condition, but rather was something pervasive across almost the entirety of the country."
Christopher Marcinkoski Overview of Ciudad Valdeluz, looking to the west-southwest, in 2014. Meant as a community for middle-income families who wanted more space than was availably in nearby Madrid, the development was never finished.
One dramatic example of speculative urbanization is Ciudad Valdeluz, about 40 miles from the capital city of Madrid. Construction began in 2006. It was intended to hold 30,000 residents, and included plans for a train station that would link them to the capital, as well as parks, sports centers and schools.
Many of the plans never materialized. Fewer than 3,000 people now live there, without the basic services or easy commute to job centers that they were expecting.
"The feedback that we got was a sense of being stuck, that they were sold a false bill of goods," Marcinkoski said. "That sense of isolation, that sense of not quite getting what we were sold, was a pretty pervasive thing that we heard.
Ricardo Espinosa Large and incomplete public spaces throughout the Ensanche de Vallecas development near Madrid, shown in 2014, exacerbates the sense of emptiness and abandonment.
"They are pretty surreal environments," they continued. “The absence of people helps you understand the scale of the places, even if they're not fully built out. You can see the markings of the roadways or the block structures sort of stretching out into the distance, and you recognize how big these things were intended to be, and that sort of scale makes it more obvious how irrational they were in their undertaking."
Spain also overextended itself on infrastructure projects like airports. Eight new ones were built in the country between 1990s and 2010, and 21 more were expanded, Marcinkoski wrote. Several have ceased operations and others offer just a few flights.
Christopher Marcinkoski An incomplete pedestrian connector between a terminal at Aeropuerto Central Ciudad Real and an unbuilt high-speed train station, 2012.
Similarly, millions of euros were poured into constructing new roads. Many were never finished.
"A lot of the infrastructural building ended up being more about nation building than it was about long-term, sustainable planning and building logic, ... and that led, in my mind, a great deal to the housing glut that was produced," Marcinkoski said.
Christopher Marcinkoski An incomplete connection between MP-203 and R-3, two roads south of Mejorada del Campo in Spain, 2014.
Marcinkoski spreads the blame for Spain's speculative development. But The City That Never Was is aimed at professionals in their own field. They argue that designers and planners are "complicit" in "the creation of these failures."
They said designers should acknowledge and plan for the fact that large-scale urbanization projects are volatile and often don't end up looking how they were originally envisioned. They suggested modular designs that could be adjusted as developments are built and occupied.
Ricardo Espinosa Shown here in 2014, the billboard advertising Los Berrocales was present throughout the economic downturn.
"When you look historically, we should know that these speculative bubbles are going to continue to occur,” Marcinkoski said. “Given that inevitability, perhaps we could think differently about how we plan, design and implement these projects."
It's a pressing issue to Marcinkoski, because the financial crisis didn't end speculative urbanization, particularly in rapidly developing countries like China. He's now looking at the phenomenon in Africa's growing cities.
Christopher Marcinkoski The nearly-empty El Cañaveral development near Madrid, seen from above in 2014. The strip of housing in the foreground is La Cañada Real Galiana, said to be Europe's largest shantytown. Several years ago, Madrid demolished parts of the informal settlement.
"A lot of the mistakes that we have seen are being replicated” in Africa, Marcinkoski said. “There's an opportunity there to think about alternative ways where upgrades to settlements and infrastructure could be undertaken in a more rational and more adjustable manner, and not so focused on just the image of modernity, but actually the reality of need."
Kate Abbey-Lambertz covers sustainable cities, housing and inequality. Tips? Feedback? Send an email or follow them on Twitter.
Also on The Huffington Post:
This article is over 1 year old
At least one demonstrator is doused with pepper spray as anti-Trump protesters clash with the US president's supporters
Donald Trump supporters holding a rally on a popular southern Californian beach have clashed with counter-protesters, leading to the arrest of four people, law enforcement said.
Multiple fights broke out and at least one Trump supporter was doused with pepper spray on Saturday when pro-Trump demonstrators marching along Bolsa Chica state beach encountered a small group opposed to the Republican president who had gathered to denounce the rally.
'He's a street fighter': Trump fans rally after heavy blow on healthcare Read more
Four counter-protesters were arrested, three for illegal use of pepper spray and one for assault and battery, Kevin Pearsall, a spokesperson for the California state parks police, said on Saturday evening.
Kyle Morris (@RealKyleMorris) Once again, Antifa incites violence towards those with differing views. This must end! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/Cd2sTeCbD9
The fights appeared to start in the early afternoon when around a dozen anti-Trump protesters dressed in all black refused to move from a bike path to allow a larger group of pro-Trump supporters taking part in the Make America Great Again rally to pass. The confrontation escalated into a fight with more skirmishes quickly breaking out.
At least one person was pepper-sprayed by an anti-Trump protester, Pearsall said. Park police estimated that 2,000 Trump supporters flocked to the stretch of coastline located south of the ocean-side community of Huntington Beach. Around 20 counter-protesters attended, Pearsall said.
Known as Surf City, USA, Huntington Beach is located some 40 miles (64 km) south of Los Angeles.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jennifer Sterling, one of the organisers of the pro-Trump rally, is helped after getting hit with pepper spray by an anti-Trump protester. Photograph: Mindy Schauer/AP
Video footage from social media uploaded to the Los Angeles Times' website showed a chaotic scene with men fighting in the sand and a group of around 20 Trump supporters, some carrying Trump flags, chasing a man in a black mask away from the beach and on to a freeway. The man was stopped by members of the California highway patrol, the newspaper said.
The masked man had used pepper spray on a female rally organiser and was set upon by a group of Trump supporters, the newspaper reported.
Demonstrations denouncing the Trump administration have drawn hundreds of thousands since they took office in January. Smaller rallies have been staged across the country in support of Trump.
On Saturday, Trump praised their supporters on Twitter: “Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”
During 2013, the percentage of adults who slept ≤6 hours in an average 24-hour period declined with family income from 35.2% for those with family incomes <100% of the poverty level to 27.7% for those with family incomes ≥400% of the poverty level. The same pattern was found for those living in metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas. There were no statistically significant differences between those living in metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas except among those with family incomes <100% of the poverty level, where 39.8% of adults living in nonmetropolitan areas slept ≤6 hours compared with 34.2% of adults living in metropolitan areas.
Source: National Health Interview Survey, 2013 data. Available at http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhis.htm.
Reported by: Lindsey I. Black, MPH, LBlack1@cdc.gov, 301-458-4548; Renee M. Gindi, PhD.
Alternate Text: The figure above is a bar chart showing that during 2013, the percentage of adults who slept ≤6 hours in an average 24-hour period declined with family income from 35.2% for those with family incomes <100% of the poverty level to 27.7% for those with family incomes ≥400% of the poverty level. The same pattern was found for those living in metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas. There were no statistically significant differences between those living in metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas except among those with family incomes <100% of the poverty level, where 39.8% of adults living in nonmetropolitan areas slept ≤6 hours compared with 34.2% of adults living in metropolitan areas.
Please read below for more information how to donate . Thank you for supporting the NetBSD project!
We are inviting the NetBSD community and organizations using NetBSD to help us in achieving these goals. This fundraising drive is an excellent opportunity for everyone to contribute to the NetBSD project and to help us improve NetBSD.
Your donation to the NetBSD Foundation allows the project to make major improvements to the code base. We would like to continue funded development in various areas of the system, including:
Why donations are important
The NetBSD Foundation is a non-profit organization that produces open source software, and has Internal Revenue Code 501(c)(3) status. This means that it has no regular source of income, instead it is relying on generous donations from third parties.
Funding for the NetBSD Foundation comes from a variety of sources. Organizations and individuals interested in NetBSD contribute money, hardware and rack space to support important NetBSD Foundation services, and to enable developers to support new hardware platforms and peripherals.
It's important to understand that every donation matters. Without servers and rack space at colocation facilities, we would not be able to provide high-quality services such as regular builds and the various web and FTP services to our developers and users. Without donations of development hardware, we would not be able to support the huge range of platforms and peripherals we do today. Promotional work at events enables us to present our work to others and acquire new developers and users. Each of these functions is important to the ongoing health of the NetBSD Foundation.
So, whether you're a Fortune 100 company shipping NetBSD in a product, a company running your web server on NetBSD, a home user with NetBSD on your desktop, or just someone who thinks NetBSD is cool — or all four — please consider donating something to the NetBSD Foundation.
There are, of course, other ways that both individuals and organizations can contribute to The NetBSD Foundation.
Fat tyres and wide rims have made unsupported Canning Stock Route travel possible. They give ‘float'. They were originally designed for snow, but soft sand is another of the few ‘mediums' I've ridden where there is a genuine possible-impossible delineation. That's not to say that you can't ride a more ‘normal' mountain bike along the CSR – just that carrying the weight of food and water needed to be self-sufficient is prohibitive without super-wide tyres.
While attention to route, off-bike equipment, water sources and food demand attention, the bicycle and system for carrying all of it has to be primary to success on the CSR. In rambling order – here are a few thoughts. Scott and I used different approaches with our bicycles.
Mine was a further iteration of the (relatively) tried and tested, whereas Scott (as usual) did their own thing. Fat Tyres/Wheels In 2005, when Jakub first rode a prototype Surly Pugsley along the CSR, there was only one ‘fat tyre' available – the Surly Endomorph. At 26×3.7″ it was a significant step in the genre, but is no longer made. We both used ‘mid-width' fat rims on our bicycle wheels – choosing amongst the panoply of hoops now available that range from 47mm to 100mm wide. In an effort to reduce the weight of these rims, the majority of these come with ‘windows' through which the rim strip bulges. Understandably Scott (and others) was unwilling to take chances with rim failures, so used 82mm wide solid Surly Rolling Darryls. I went with the hole-y version (now appears to be the only one advertised on the Surly website), and didn't suffer any problems with them. When pushed, Scott grudgingly admits that the solid rims might have been over-kill. The weight difference is equivalent to two freeze-dried meal packets per bike… I'll mention tyre and rim issues again with regard to my trailer a little further down this post.
The earlier ‘fat' cyclists didn't really have as much choice, so used 65mm wide Large Marge rims for their bicycle wheels. The rim part of the ‘fatness' equation contributes to a wider, flatter footprint for increased floatation in soft sand. It's difficult to say whether the 100mm clown shoe rims would offer further advantage. Their additional width does add ‘interest' to the chainline and gearing set-up. Tyre choice for us was dazzling – and likely to get more so, with the arrival of the ‘big players' (Specialized and Kona etc), in contrast to the unsupported cyclists that preceeded us. Variables include width, tread pattern and casing weight. The bicycle frame used dictates the maximum rim/tyre width – meaning that I used different tyres on front (Surly Big Fat Larry, 26×4.7″) and rear (45North Hüsker Dü, 26×4.0″), whereas Scott used Big Fat Larrys for both wheels. I would say that it was worth having more ‘float' on the front of the bike as it gave better control coming down the dunes at speed (up to 35km/hr in my case). These tyres are actually pretty thin (or they'd be even heavier), so do puncture. We both used a combination of Surly Toobs (heavy) and Specialized 26×2.7-3.0″ DH tubes (much lighter) with no noticeable difference in wear or punctures between the two. As already noted by Martijn (2011), if some latex/'goo' can be added to the tubes, you'll save yourself a fair amount of time as all of our punctures were thorn related. Though we'd thought to do this, neither of these tube types has a removable valve-core, rendering it impossible.
Two vs Three Wheels. Scott, aided by some Rick Hunter magic, was the first unsupported cyclist to ride the route without a trailer. It's possible that if I didn't already own a long wheelbase bicycle and thus hadn't been thinking with a view to my ‘stable' after the CSR, I would have gone in the same direction. I think I also had visions of such horrific dune pushing-fests that being able to dump the trailer weight and a second take would have been more important. My day-mares didn't come to pass, and I reckon that what pushing we did was easier with the drag from only two, rather than three wheels.
Precedent was on my side – Jakub, Russ and Martijn had all gone for the trailer-based approach. It's certainly the most ‘accessible' option as the bike can be ‘off-the-rack'. There's still no production-model trailer that gives the sort of repair/spares flexibility that would be ideal for riding the CSR. An Extrawheel-based or -derived trailer seems to be the best out there (so far). The ‘Pugsley' Extrawheel works with an off-set 135mm OLN rear bike (e.g. Pugsley) with a 20-22mm spacer (?provided) on the non-drive side. The production model only allows for a conventional front wheel (100mm) hub and ‘narrow' rim with 26×4″ tyre in a symmetrical wheel build. This means that the trailer wheel ‘as is' can only be used in the trailer, though the tyres can be swapped between wheels (26×4″ maximum – not Big Fat Larry or other 26×4.7″ tyres). I had the good fortune to have use of a prototype Extrawheel trailer built for Aga and Mateusz that took a 135mm OLN symmetrical trailer wheel. This meant that I could swap my trailer wheel with my front wheel at need; and with a bit of re-building, bodge a replacement rear wheel. The latter possibility would have meant a single gear (32T chainring/25T SS sprocket) that corresponded to the one I used most frequently on my Rohloff.
Load-carrying
Unless you're riding with a support vehicle, you'll have to solve the load-carrying conundrum. What you carry needs to be only what you'll use or a limited safety-net in case of bad weather, injury or bike failure. Both Jakub and Russ used specially modified ‘as light as possible' Crosso pannier bags, while Martijn and others used Ortlieb panniers. None used any of their frame-based carrying capacity. Both Scott and I took advantage of Scott's ‘day job'. Using a frame-bag, bar roll and seat-pack I was able to carry all my non-food/water kit with it's weight distribution optimised for bike-handling.
We knew from Martijn's experience that our panniers were going to take a hammering from the close-packed vegetation along the route. All our bags, other than my trailer panniers, were made of a Dyneema-based fabric chosen for abrasion resistance and general toughness.
Drive-chain etc
“Conventional” drive chains set up to clear the wide tyres and rims used on fat-bikes have been used with great success on the CSR. I alone, chose to differ by using a Rohloff internally geared hub. Scott, who's long been a ‘Rohloff-person', used a 2×7 speed set-up with 20/32T chainrings up front and a partial 11-34 cassette. This was, in part, a trade-off determined by their choice of wheels and hub spacing to maximise strength (see above) as Rohloffs only come with 135mm spacing rather than 170mm. I probably had the advantage of one ‘easier' gear by using a 32T chainring with the stock 16T Rohloff sprocket. The bottom-line – both our set-ups worked without significant fault – so knowledge, familiarity and preference with what you use are the most important factors in drive-chain choice.
So to finish my CSR posts, a spec-list for those who like them, and onto planning the next adventure :-)
Frame Custom Twenty2 Titanium ( 135mm OLD, offset rear triangle) Fork Twenty2 custom Chromoly 135mm Symmetrical (465mm AC) Hope Integral (44mm) headset Front Wheel Surly Rolling Daryl 32H rim – windowed, with rim tape Big Fat Larry 26×4.7″ 120tpi tyre Hope Pro2 Evo FatSno 135mm front hub Cockpit Jones Loop H-Bar Aluminium Ergon GR1 BioCork grips Stem – Easton EA70 100mm 20 degree rise Seat Brooks England B17 Ti saddle – brown Raceface Deus seatpost 30.9x400mm Drivechain Raceface Atlas FR 100mm crank Chris King MTB bottom bracket 32T Hope SS Chainring Shimano HG93 9-speed chain Rohloff cables and housing Rohloff twistgrip Brakes Avid BB7 Disc Brake (160mm rotor) – rear only Rear Wheel Surly Rolling Daryl 32H rim – windowed, with rim tape 45North Husker Du 26 x 4″ 120tpi folding tyre Rohloff Speedhub 500/14 – disc, 16T (black). 160mm rotor Carrying and Accessories Porcelain Rocket Booster Rocket Seat Pack Porcelain rocket Frame Bag Porcelain Rocket Ground Control handlebar pack OMM Sherpa Rear rack (Pugsley version – modified) Porcelain Rocket Rear Panniers Porcelain Rocket Top-Tube Pack Porcelain Rocket camera case
Post-takes
Advertisements
The Akash was produced by the state-run Bharat Electronics.
Highlights As many as a third of Akash missiles have failed basic tests: CAG Missiles fell short of target, had lower than required velocity: Report The Air Force has refused to comment on the report
As many as a third of the home-made Akash surface-to-air missiles have failed basic tests, says the country's national auditor, claiming the deficiencies of the missiles "posed an operational risk during hostilities."The report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) is a big setback for the Make-In-India initiative which seeks to reduce India's dependence on imported arms. The report, given to parliament, says, "the missiles fell short of the target, had lower than the required velocity, and there was malfunctioning of critical units."The Air Force has refused to comment on the report.The Akash was produced by the state-run Bharat Electronics. The auditor says that though 3,600 crores have been paid to the manufacturer, none of the missile systems are installed at the six designated sites even though it has been seven years since the contract was signed.The Akash and its newer variant, the Akash Mk-2, are a medium-range surface-to-air missile system designed to intercept enemy aircraft and missiles at a distance of 18-30 km. Tested extensively by the Indian Air Force, the Akash, which was first handed over in December 2008, was seen as a breakthrough indigenous system and in 2010, an additional six squadrons were ordered.These additional squadrons, composed of missile launchers, radars, associated vehicles and hundreds of Akash missiles, were meant to be deployed at six air force bases in the East for which the government approved related infrastructure including storage facilities, workshops and ramp structures. These were supposed to be constructed by Bharat Electronics on a turnkey basis at a cost of approximately 100 crores. However, this infrastructure "could not be completed till October 2016 at any of the sites." The auditor also says though work was nearly complete at two bases, the "IAF had not taken over these buildings because of defects in the construction, which rendered them unsuitable for strategic missile system storage. In other stations, the progress was below 45 per cent as of October 2016". While the missiles were indeed delivered to air forces bases between April 2014 and June 2016 after a delay of between 6 and 18 months, the missiles were found to be deficient in quality. According to the auditor, "Out of 80 missiles received upto November 2014, 20 missiles were tested fired during April-November 2014. 6 of these missiles, ie, 30 per cent, failed the test."
AC MILAN are a shadow of the side they were ten years ago.
In 2007, they were the best team in Europe, and now they would consider Europa League qualification a successful season.
Epa 7 Filippo Inzaghi was a sensational striker Milan have struggled to replace
And their plight is evidenced in one incredible stat: since Filippo Inzaghi retired in 2012, the subsequent No.9s have scored a combined total of 18 goals between them.
Keep up to date with ALL the AC Milan news, gossip and transfers on our club page
It's an shocking indictment of a side which at one time boasted the likes of Marco van Basten, George Weah and Andriy Shevchenko.
Here is Milan's No.9 roll of dishonour over the past nine years.
Alexandre Pato, 2012 — 2
EPA 7 Alexandre Pato celebrates one of only two goals they scored with the No.9 shirt
The Brazilian had been No.7, but took the No.9 off Inzaghi after the Italian striker's retirement.
However, their decline had already started a couple of seasons before.
Pato's only two goals of the season were in the Champions League and they were sold to Corinthians in January.
Alessandro Matri, 2013-14 — 1
Getty Images 7 Alessandro Matri was loaned out four times at Milan and struggled at club
A journeyman striker who technically spent three seasons at Milan.
However, they were loaned out to Fiorentina, Genoa, Juventus and Lazio in that time.
Matri scored just the once in their full season at the San Siro and is now at Sassuolo.
Fernando Torres, 2014 — 1
Getty Images 7 Fernando Torres' brief time at AC Milan just yielded one goal
Initially moved from Chelsea on loan and scored just once — despite having actually stated they wanted to do the shirt proud.
So it was a real surprise when the deal was made permanent in January.
But much less of a surprise when Torres was then sold to Atletico Madrid just days later.
Mattia Destro, 2015 — 3
Getty Images 7 A familiar sight for Mattia Destro who struggled during loan spell at Milan
A move to Chelsea in the summer had broken down and they eventually joined Milan on loan following the sale of Torres.
However, there was no chance of the move being made permanent following an underwhelming season in which found the back of the net just three times.
Joined Bologna at the end of the season and is still there.
Luiz Adriano, 2015-16 — 6
Getty Images 7 Luiz Adriano fared OK, but was overall a disappointment with No.9 shirt
Came to Milan from Shakhtar Donetsk amid much potential having scoring five in one Champions League matches as well as back-to-back hat-tricks.
And they hit a relatively respectably tally of six goals across all competitions.
But, this summer, they were stripped of their shirt number and eventually sold off Spartak Moscow in January.
Gianluca Lapadula, 2016-present — 5
EPA 7 Gianluca Lapadula has started well, but surely won't be an AC Milan great
Italian shot to prominence in Serie B and moved to Milan despite interest from Leicester and Juventus.
After being used infrequently, Lapadula started to get a place in the team and the goals followed.
Has not been a disappointment, but is far from the levels of the Rossoneri strikers of old.
Veiled in legends and religion, Cannabis has had a long history in India. The first mention of smoking cannabis occurs in the Atharva Veda, and today, government-approved bhang shops in towns like Jaisalmer and Pushkar and cities like Varanasi are active year-round.
Bhang has long been of cultural significance in India, and when the British consolidated their rule over the country, they decided to crack down against its widespread use.
In the late 19th century, they commissioned a study of its side effects and cultural significance. The report, which was 3281 pages long, was prepared by the Indian Hemp Drugs Commission. The report contained testimonies from almost 1200 people from various backgrounds—doctors, fakirs, and even army officers.
Unsurprisingly, it concluded that the “moderate” use of hemp drugs “produces no injurious effects on the mind” and “no moral injury whatever.”
Legally sold in India until 1985, cannabis found everyday recreational use.
America began a worldwide campaign against all drugs in the 60s, and while India initially opposed it, in 1985, Rajiv Gandhi's government enforced the NDPS Act, banning all narcotic drugs in India.
The harshest by-product of that Act? Categorising cannabis together with hard drugs, like opiates and cocaine. Today, if you are caught with a gram or two of cannabis, you can face jail-time from five to 20 years.
However, the Act made a small distinction for bhang. It excluded the cannabis seeds and leaves, when not accompanied by flower or fruit top, from its definition of ‘cannabis,' and Bhang consumption carries on to this day.
It has been 32 years since the NDPS Act came into being, and cannabis has been pushed further into uncertainty, with regards to legalisation, but has seen an increase in consumption pattern over the same period.
Ironically, the US started legalising marijuana in 2014 and has authorised the medical use of marijuana in 29 out of 50 states. The effect—increased revenues, reduced crime rates and lesser drug-related arrests.
A Case For Legalising Marijuana
The calming benefits of the drug are well known. Cannabinoids, the principal psychoactive constituent of cannabis, can activate receptors in the body and can control nausea, vomiting, anxiety, pain and muscle spasticity, and reduce the harmful and painful side effects of chemotherapy.
India has about 3 million cancer patients, according to a report in Firstpost in 2016. Medical practitioners have pushed the government to lift the ban so that studies can be done on the actual use of cannabinoids for cancer patients.
Top medical institutes, including AIIMS and the Tata Memorial Hospital and Research Centre, have asked for permission to test cannabis oil for therapeutic use, and palliative chemotherapy.
A report in TOI reported the use of cannabis in treating at least ten significant health conditions, like migraines, multiple sclerosis, glaucoma, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, and OCD. Sameer Kaul, a surgical oncologist, who also runs the Breast Cancer Patients Benefit Foundation, told the Quartz, “Marijuana is a far safer and subtle form of an agent which can help control pain,” referring to the fewer side-effects and lower addictive capacity of marijuana as compared to opioids.
Perhaps the most confirmative statement comes from Harvard, where a 2007 study, considered the most comprehensive on Tetra Hydro Cannabinol (THC), said that in 3 weeks flat, THC reduced tumour cell suicide, while leaving health non-tumour cells alone in mice subjects, and reducing cancer lesions even further.
Cannabis derivatives have their own industry. Viki, via the Indian Hemp Research Institute, wants to introduce products such as hemp-produced wood, paper, textiles, biofuel, bioplastics, bio-cement and bio-batteries, hemp food and even cosmetics.
The Indian Hemp Research Institute aims to invent, innovate and share the discoveries with various social entrepreneurs in India.
Standing up for ‘Ganja'
Recently voices and opinions have spoken up regarding the legalisation of cannabis. Dr Dharamvira Gandhi, a retired cardiologist, and an MP from Patiala introduced a bill in July 2017, to legalise certain natural intoxicants, including marijuana.
Recently cleared by the Parliament's legislative branch, it is likely to be introduced as a Private Member's Bill, in the upcoming winter parliamentary session. The bill aims to separate natural drugs, from the artificial ones.
Other prominent figures have raised voices, advocating for the decriminalisation of marijuana in India. Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi and BJD MP Tathagata Satpathy are among them. The late BJP MP Vinod Khanna had also supported this cause.
Among our country's citizenry, one voice stands out, calling out for the legalisation of marijuana in India. This is the Great Legalisation Movement–India, which began in 2014 and is a brainchild of Viki Vaurora.
The non-profit organisation educates the populace about the benefits of the cannabis plant. Via its website and social media handle, it hopes to spread a positive message, and its ultimate dream is the legalisation of cannabis in India. The legalisation should be all-encompassing—recreational use, medicinal use and spiritual use.
The movement is a collective voice of all the people who are in need of cannabis, for all of its known use and organised the first march in favour of legalisation, and is all set for another nation-wide rally, on January 7th, 2018.
It has faced several setbacks in its journey so far. When members of the organisation approached the Karnataka Government, with evidence of the benefits of cannabis, it refused to act, saying that they wanted to wait for another state to make a move. Undeterred, the members have written an open letter to the Prime Minister, to discuss this more, and deliver the blueprint for legalisation.
The organisation also wants to set up a non-profit medical research institute, in conjunction with the government, to study the properties of cannabis plants. Despite the lack of political support, the organisation is confident that their voice will be heard.
You may also like: Should Medical Marijuana Be Legalised in India? The Pros, Cons & More
So what is the way forward? Legalisation may still be a long way away, but as some marches prove, decriminalisation is considered the first step.
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.
NEW: Click here to get positive news on WhatsApp!
I recently received a sharp complaint from a reader about an assumed anti-American pro-Russian bias in my writings. The complaint gives a very good opportunity to address questions on the minds of many in the West confused by an extremely biased pro-Washington, anti-Russian bias in mainstream media coverage of Ukraine and Russia as the new demon to be fought.
Here is my translation from the German of the gist of the complaint:
“I am increasingly angry about the anti-American bias in the articles I read regularly from you. Now supposedly the USA are the evil ones and the eternal Cold Warrior Putin is the golden hero? You have not the slightest idea how it is today in Russia or Ukraine. My wife comes from there are they says the Russians are the aggressors…Did you ever ask yourself the question when Putin annexed Crimea why they didn't do that in 1999 when they first became President? Oh yes, they didn't then because they had to march into Chechnya to blow up shops of extremists… Or possibly in 2000-2004 during their first term why they didn't annex Crimea? Oh, sure, then they had to put (Yukos oil oligarch) Khodorkovsky in prison. That's all crap! …I admit that the Americans are not without their own dirty laundry, whether Operation Condor in the past or the war in Iraq or the backing of rebels in Syria, which is a failure of the entire West, which just strengthened the extremists. No argument. Even so, I find the Americans a thousand times more preferable to the Russians…”
Signed: Mr Schneider
First, Mr. Schneider, let me say I am an American and I am definitely not anti-American. I love my country and my fellow Americans.
What I do not love is the clique of very rich who—especially over the past three decades since the time of Reagan and Bush Senior—have step-by-step subverted the American Constitution and its guarantees of citizen rights, have destroyed prudent regulation of the health and safety of American citizens by easing safety rules of the Environmental Protection Agency to benefit companies like DuPont or Monsanto at the expense of the public.
What I do not love is how those very rich circles around David Rockefeller, George Soros, Bill Gates, Ted Turner, Warren Buffett, George Bush Sr and son and now Jeb Bush, have used their fortunes to buy Congressmen who pass their laws against the general welfare.
What I do not love is the Wall Street banks who financed Congressmen who agreed to vote to remove banking laws enacted after the 1929 stock market crash to control banking abuses. What I do not like is when the US Government—George W. Bush as well as Barack Obama—use hundreds of billions of US taxpayer dollars to bailout criminal corrupt big banks—Too Big To Fail we are told. At the same time they let ordinary Americans rot in unemployment, homelessness, send the jobs to China or Romania or Mexico for cheap labor.
I've spent more than three decades as an economist, economic historian, as a journalist researching what went “wrong” with my country, the United States. If you are an honest person genuinely in search of the truth I can recommend reading several of my books available from my website on www.williamengdahl.com.
It's difficult, therefore, for me to respond to your very broad and black-white rhetorical method of formulation that I write that America is “the evil one and the eternal Cold Warrior Putin is the golden hero.” For me I find it important and essential to any serious analysis to be very concrete and as precise as possible. So I will take your examples about Russia.
First, were I President of Russia after 1999 I believe I would have done very much as Vladimir Putin had. At that point Russia and Ukraine had a treaty agreement signed by both governments in 1997 that gave Russia the right to use the Port of Sevastopol in Ukraine for 20 years until 2017 for the Russian Black Sea Fleet, an agreement of strategic importance to Russian defense. In 1999 it was inconceivable that Russia and Ukraine would ever come to war. I have many Ukrainian friends who when you ask them where they are from automatically reply, “Russia.” Ukraine itself, since independence in 1991, has been a failed state looted by immoral Ukrainian oligarchs, literal gangsters like Leonid Kravchuk, criminals like Leonid Kuchma, Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoschenko.
However, in 1999 the security of Russia's Black Sea Fleet in Crimea was not at all worrisome to Moscow. What was of national security importance however was the CIA war in Chechnya, where the CIA was using imported Mujahideen that they had trained along with Osama bin Laden in the Afghan Soviet war in the 1979-1989 years.
US policy under George Bush Sr, and later Clinton-Gore was to destroy Russia after the end of the Cold War as a functioning nation, much as Washington is destroying Ukraine today. It was Washington and Bush Sr. who told the G7 in 1990 that all economic reform in Russia would be run by the (US Treasury-controlled) IMF.
George Soros and the Harvard “shock therapy” economists Jeffrey Sachs and Anders Aslund came in to work with criminals like Yegor Gaidar or Anatoly Chubais to literally privatize Russia's crown jewels, their aluminum, aerospace industries, oil and other assets. All was done in the name of “free market efficiency.” Under Yeltsin-Chubais-Gaidar pensions went unpaid while a handful of unscrupulous would-be oligarchs close to the gangster Yeltsin family became billionaires.
Here enters Mikhail Khodorkovsky who by 2004 had become the wealthiest man in Russia, and was in the process of buying the Duma in order to change the law banning private mineral rights ownership and was working with London banker, Jacob Lord Rothschild and Henry Kissinger in their Open Russia Foundation, to buy the Russian Presidency using their wealth from Yukos Oil, a company they got by illegal manipulation of the state privatizations.
This is not pro-Putin propaganda. In the respected US journal Foreign Affairs, organ of the New York Council on Foreign Relations, Lee Wolosky, a former counterterrorism official under the Clinton administration, detailed how Yukos “managed to siphon off some $800 million during a span of approximately 36 weeks” in 1999 through transfer pricing. Wolosky also described how Khodorkovsky had engaged in massive asset stripping of Yukos subsidiaries following the 1998 financial crisis. Khodorkovsky was, and most likely today in Switzerland as a wealthy exile, is a gangster.
I'm sorry, Mr Schneider, but your comments and chronology about Crimea and Ukraine are very unclear and make it impossible to reply directly. Let me then say with the February 22, 2014 US-orchestrated Coup d'etat in Kiev that placed a hand-picked gaggle of criminals and literal anti-semitic neo-Nazis into power such as Svoboda Party, Pravy Sektor and others, anyone with eyes could see that NATO membership for Ukraine would come next.
The new unelected Kiev regime began preparing anti-Russian language decrees and other moves hostile to any ethnic Russians in the country, which means Crimea and eastern Ukraine.
Washington played an incredibly open role in the February coup, notably Senator John McCain and Assistant State Secretary Victoria “F**k the EU” Nuland. It came one day after Foreign Minister Steinmeier and the foreign ministers of Poland and France had won a peaceful compromise of all parties in Kiev that could have avoided war.
George Friedman, founder of Stratfor, an intelligence consultancy whose major clients include the CIA, Pentagon and State Department, stated in December, 2014 interview with the Russian newspaper Kommersant that Ukraine in February 2014 was, “a coup d'etat organized by the United States. And it truly was the most blatant coup in history.”
It became immediately clear in Moscow that Crimea could become a NATO base under the US-controlled Kiev putschists. A referendum was held where more than 90% of Crimea citizens voted to be independent from Kiev and voted to request annexation by Russia. Even Washington could not deny that a democratic majority had voted for Russia so they ignored it, and claimed Russian guns had forced the vote. I know people who were there and that never happened. There was an attempt however by a CIA-organized Tatar terrorist group with ties to Turkish intelligence to start an ISIS-style violent anti-Russian protest. It flopped.
As to your comment that you find Americans a thousand times more preferable to Russians, that is your preference and you are entitled to it. I have my preference as well and I am entitled to it.
Thank you for your comments once more. In closing, in my more than thirty years as a professional journalist I have seen the corruption of the mainstream USA and European media that you could perhaps not imagine. When we fear to allow alternative views to our mainstream media, whether we agree or not, we open the door to government or oligarchic thought manipulation. Be happy we still have the ability to read different views online or in other media. I never ask anyone to agree with my views. If you find fault, I am open to be proven wrong and have been.
F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer, they hold a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”.
This mix contains songs that have been on repeat for quite some time and I have been thinking to make a mix containing these songs for a while now. This is the first in a series of mixtapes in which I will try to bring you the latest music that I like and I think you need to hear.
Mix starts off with a nice ambient track from Mark Barrot that was premiered by Gilles Peterson. Next its Carlos Ramos and their Fire Orchestra with Candelo. A soundtrack for a movie that was never made and one of the rarest records out there, I found this song at Music Is My Sanctuary. Some pretty neat bets by Dengue Dengue Dengue and Clap! Clap!. Further more music from TITLE, a fellow Belgian and very talented producer. Also new stuff from Thundercat, Melodiesinfonie, Statik Selektah, Jamie XX, TEK.LUN and to finish the mix a pretty nice remix by Dino Socio of the Slow Knights track.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Lyse Doucet in Tahrir Square: "You could be forgiven for thinking there is something of a carnival atmosphere"
Prime Minister-designate Kamal Ganzouri has asked Egyptians to "give me a chance" as tens of thousands rally in Cairo against the military rulers.
In their first public comments since being named, they said they would not name a new government before Monday's polls.
The protesters in central Cairo's Tahrir Square want the parliamentary elections postponed.
Not far away, a smaller counter-demonstration was held in support of the military and the elections.
More than 40 people were killed earlier this week as the security forces tried to break up the massive protests, leading to the worst violence since the fall of President Hosni Mubarak in February.
But the BBC's Lyse Doucet in Tahrir Square says a truce seems to have ended the clashes and a carnival atmosphere returned to the demonstrations on Friday.
People were letting off fireworks and shouting "Down with the military regime," they say.
PM-designate Kamal Ganzouri Born 1933
US-educated economist
Prime minister 1996-1999
Dubbed 'minister of the poor"
Distanced themselves from old regime after Mubarak's fall
Widely seen as a potential candidate in a future presidential election Egyptian challenging elections Americans await release in Egypt In pictures: Cairo protests
The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (Scaf) is overseeing a transition to civilian rule.
Despite promises by the council to speed up the process, some protesters fear it intends to cling to power. They want military rule to end before parliamentary elections are held.
Yet many Egyptians want the polls to go ahead as planned. One influential group, the Muslim Brotherhood - which is expected to do well in the vote - is not supporting the Tahrir Square protests.
At least 10,000 people staged a rival rally on Friday in Abbasiya Square - near the defence ministry, north of Tahrir Square - to show support for the military's electoral timetable
They chanted "Down with Tahrir" and "Yes to the military council".
Washington has said power in Egypt should be transferred to civilians "as soon as possible".
"The United States strongly believes that the new Egyptian government must be empowered with real authority immediately," a White House statement said.
Sunni Islam's highest authority, the grand imam of Cairo's al-Azhar mosque, sent the Tahrir Square protesters a rare message of support. An aide, Hassan Shafie, was shown on local TV telling the crowd on Tahrir Square: "The grand imam backs you and is praying for your victory."
There have also been anti-military protests in Alexandria and the southern towns of Luxor and Assiut, according to the AP news agency.
'Tantawi not staying'
In Cairo, hundreds of protesters camped outside the cabinet office, saying they would prevent Mr Ganzouri's team from entering.
The prime minister-designate said they were sure that Scaf leader Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi had no desire to stay in power, saying that otherwise, they would not have agreed to lead the new government.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nominee Egyptian Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri: "I agreed to serve the people because I am one of them"
"Please give me a chance so that I can think and I can see who shall remain and who should go and table my proposal to the military council, Field Marshal Tantawi," they said in comments broadcast on state TV.
Mr Ganzouri, who headed Egypt's government from 1996 to 1999 under Mr Mubarak, said they had been granted greater powers than their predecessors but had not yet begun assembling their ministerial team, although it would be formed within the coming days.
Until then, they said former Prime Minister Essam Sharaf, who resigned following the violence earlier this week, would remain in office.
The Tahrir Square protests, which were backed by some trade unions, had been called a "last chance Friday" rally to demand an immediate transfer of power by the military.
Many demonstrators have rejected Mr Ganzouri's appointment.
"For the second time, we are going to depend upon the old guard of Mubarak's regime. Why do we not give chance for the young, instead of those people who are 80 years old?" one man in Cairo's Tahrir Square, Suhir Nadim, told Reuters news agency.
The vendors selling tea and toffee apples are again doing an excellent trade in Cairo's Tahrir Square, lending a festive atmosphere to this demonstration Rival protests show divided opinions
On Tuesday, Field Marshal Tantawi accepted the resignation of the previous military-backed civilian cabinet and announced that presidential elections would be held by June 2012 - six months earlier than planned.
The military council has apologised for the deaths of protesters, but insisted that parliamentary polls would start on Monday as scheduled.
Much of the recent violence has taken place in Mohammed Mahmoud street, which leads from Tahrir Square to the interior ministry. Soldiers have now set up barricades of cement, metal bars and barbed wire to separate protesters and security forces.
Mr Ganzouri, who distanced themselves from Mr Mubarak's regime, has been suggested as a possible presidential candidate.
During their term as prime minister they were known as the "minister of the poor" because they were seen as representing the less well-off, and they remain popular with many Egyptians, says the BBC's Yolande Knell, in Cairo.
Monday marks the first step of an election timetable which lasts until March 2012 and covers two houses of parliament.
The elections will take place in stages around the country - each stage has reportedly been extended to two days.
The Egyptian army may have violated international law by carrying out "mass home demolitions" as part of a bid to create a buffer zone in the Sinai Peninsula, according to Human Rights Watch.
An estimated 3,200 families were evicted from their homes since July 2013, HRW said in a report released on Tuesday.
The 84-page report, titled "Look for Another Homeland", accused Egyptian authorities of providing residents with "little or no warning of the evictions, no temporary housing, [and] mostly inadequate compensation for their destroyed homes".
Residents whose farmland was destroyed, damaged or confiscated were not offered any compensation and none of those affected were left with an "effective way to challenge their eviction, home demolition or compensation".
The Egyptian government insists that the creation of the buffer zone is a necessary part of a security campaign against rebel groups in the northern Sinai. The army plans to eventually clear a 79 sq km area of the border, including destroying tunnels to Gaza and emptying Rafah of its 78,000-person population.
Egypt has repeatedly clashed with fighters in the region, particularly since the ouster of President Mohamed Morsi in 2013.
"Wiped off the map"
“Destroying homes, neighbourhoods and livelihoods is a textbook example of how to lose a counterinsurgency campaign,” Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East and North Africa director of HRW, said in a statement. “Egypt needs to explain why it didn't use available technology to detect and destroy the tunnels and instead wiped entire neighbourhoods off the map.”
Because forcibly evicted residents are afforded protections under United Nations and African conventions to which Egypt is a party, HRW said that the measures could amount to violations of the laws of war.
Read more: Strangled: Gaza after Egypt floods tunnels
Last week the Egyptian army pumped water from the Mediterranean Sea into tunnels connecting the Sinai to Gaza, which has been under a tight Israeli blockade since 2007.
Egypt claims that the tunnels are being used by a local affiliate of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in order to obtain weapons, fighters and support from Gaza. Yet many of the 1.8 million Palestinians in Gaza depend on them for access to medicine, food and other goods.
HRW said that the army could have used technology to detect tunnels without destroying thousands of homes and other structures, adding that the government has not provided evidence of connections between fighters in the Sinai and Gaza.
It can be hard to generalize what people consider jaw-dropping, but Vohs says research demonstrates what consistently creates an awesome experience. Travel ranks high. So does gaze at the cosmos on a clear night or watching a sensational film, as well as anytime we encounter massive quantities: colorful tulips in bloom, a bustling market in India, or a stunning school of fish.
Novelty and perceptual vastness forces us into the present moment. The study underscores the importance of cultivating small doses of awe in the everyday to boost life satisfaction.
"Awe is quite threatening in certain ways, and something that is challenging and unwelcome can border on fear," says Vohs, recalling an astonishingly big fish they saw while swimming in the ocean. "It was giant—no big teeth, and it seemed like a gentle soul just floating in the water—but still!"
The study describes awe as an experience of such perceptual expansion that you need new mental maps to deal with the incomprehensibility of it all.
"The experience of awe is one where you are temporarily off-kilter in terms of your understanding of the world," explains Vohs. "People mostly walk around with a sense of knowing what is going on in the world. They have hypotheses about the way people behave and what might happen; those are pretty air-tight. It is hard to get people to shake from those because that's just how the brain works. We are always walking around trying to confirm the things we already think. When you are in a state of awe, it puts you off balance and as a consequence, we think people might be ready to learn new things and have some of their assumptions questioned." Rudd, of Stanford, is currently working on a follow-up study to understand just how awe-inspired moments might open a person up to learning new information.
Vohs agrees that videos like Silva's could do the trick to inspire awe. In their study, volunteers watched videos of "awesome" things like nature scenes, whales, and parades, and they reported feeling like they had more time to spare after seeing these images.
"Technologies that capture and control attention, including storytelling, IMAX films, and video games, hijack the perceptual apparatus. They put you into a state of immersion—you lose yourself," says Silva.
They think we are predisposed to ignore everyday wonders. "Not being in a state of awe is a way to save energy. It is easier to run on autopilot. It takes energy to blow your mind, but being overwhelmed is worth it. It's what gives life its luster."
Whether it's making time for a walk through nature, meditation, or watching an amazing clip, they recommend rituals that elicit awe for a break in the day and an overall healthier lifestyle.
Silva does not shy away from the range of emotions one might have when considering something of magnitude. They grapple with the tinge of sadness in their personal epiphanies, such as the realization that everyone and everything we find beautiful and magnificent will one day end. That's a theme they explore in their video "Existential Bummer," their video about loss and impermanence.
"We are simultaneously worms and gods," they say, an idea that drives them to produce more creatively. "Man is literally split in two: They have an awareness of their own splendid uniqueness, in that they stick out of nature with a towering majesty, and yet they go back into the ground ... to blindly and dumbly rot and disappear forever."
In the meantime, Vohs wants to continue working to understand how humans derive meaning in the day-to-day.
"Experiences are non-replicable in terms of what kind of outcome they can give," they say. "So there are reverberations of awe in my current work."
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Protesters huddled outside city hall Monday in an attempt to convince councillors to drop a proposed Winnipeg Transit fare hike.
"We're here to urge the city council to not cut service, which we did win on," said Joseph Kornelsen of Functional Transit Winnipeg. "And also to ensure that transit remains affordable. Particularly for those who can afford it least."
About 60 people gathered in front of city hall in hopes that a proposed 25-cent fare hike will be removed during Tuesday's budget deliberations.
"[The 25-cent fare increase] is going to hurt the most marginalized people in our community. We know that," said Kate Kehler of Winnipeg's Social Planning Council. "We're happy they're going to maintain services, but we need them to keep the fare low.
The 2018 budget calls for a 25-cent Winnipeg Transit fare hike. The initial draft of the budget, presented in November, also called for service reductions on up to 22 transit routes.
Council's executive policy committee took those cuts off the table on Friday, when the mayor's inner circle approved a package of budget amendments that called for an additional increase to parking fees instead. Mayor Brian Bowman said hiking the fees would raise the $1 million needed to stave off the service reductions.
The group decided to protest Monday instead of Tuesday because "we actually really want them to listen to us," said Kehler.
City council public works chair Marty Morantz (Charleswood-Tuxedo-Whyte Ridge) said Winnipeg has little choice but to proceed with the 25-cent transit fare hike, given the end of a provincial agreement to cover half the costs of transit that are not covered by fare revenue.
"We're doing our best to fill the gap," Morantz said Monday at city hall, an hour before the protest was slated to take place. "We've managed to use some of our own resources, but unfortunately the fare increases I think are going to have to be still in place."
Kehler said they still hope for victory Tuesday.
"Then after today we also have to deal with the province and go back to the province and ask them to restore the 50/50 funding."
City council votes on the 2018 budget on Tuesday.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story confused the entrance wounds from bullets that entered Boyd's arms. It has been updated with corrected information.
The homeless man shot and killed by Albuquerque police in the Sandia Foothills in mid-March was shot three times, including in the lower-left back, and had no alcohol or illegal drugs in their system, according to an autopsy and toxicology report released by the Office of the Medical Investigator on Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
James Boyd was seen on helmet-cam video March 16 as officers tried to coax them out of the foothills, where he'd been camping illegally. They brandished two small knives at officers but appeared to agree to leave and to begin walking down the hill when officers shot at him.
The 30-page autopsy said Boyd suffered three gunshot wounds from separate bullets, but the one to their lower back seems to have been the most destructive: A bullet passed through the muscle in their lower abdomen, their left adrenal gland, their large intestine, spleen, diaphragm and left lung before exiting their left armpit. The bullet then re-entered their upper left arm and was recovered by medical investigators, according to the autopsy.
The other bullets also struck Boyd's arms, including one in their upper right arm that entered from the back and exited the front of their arm. In addition, a bullet struck Boyd's upper left arm and exiting through back, according to the autopsy.
Because of the damage done to Boyd's right arm, doctors had to amputate it as they conducted several emergency surgeries to try to resuscitate him, according to the report. They arrived at the University of New Mexico Hospital at 8:15 p.m., the autopsy stated, and their time of death was shortly before 3 a.m. on March 17.
The report also said Boyd suffered several blunt-force injuries, contusions and abrasions on their buttock and right leg, some of which were “consistent with injuries produced by a dog.” Officers were seen on the video loosing a police dog on Boyd.
In addition to documenting the injuries, medical investigators found that Boyd appeared older than their stated age and that they had no illegal drugs or alcohol in their system.
Among the items investigators associated with Boyd were clothes, a toothbrush and a Bible. They also pulled Taser prongs from their clothing, according to the report.
Video of Boyd's death sparked national and international outrage, and it provided a rallying cry for a series of protests against the Albuquerque Police Department amid a federal investigation that ultimately found APD has a pattern of excessive force and unconstitutional policing.
Police identified the officers who shot Boyd as Keith Sandy and Dominique Perez. The FBI has said it is looking into the shooting for potential criminal prosecution.
Since Boyd's death, Albuquerque police have shot and killed four other people, stoking continued public criticism of the department.
A few weeks after the Boyd shooting, the Department of Justice wrapped up its investigation into APD and found the department needed drastic reforms of its use-of-force policies and training and accountability practices.
Boyd Autopsy
Scientists expected to observe more large craters on the surface of dwarf planet Ceres, but NASA's Dawn mission has found a surprisingly small number and they're not sure why. (NASA)
Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, should be riddled with craters. But when NASA's Dawn spacecraft started orbiting the dwarf planet last year, scientists were surprised to find it was relatively smooth. In a study published Tuesday in Nature Communications, researchers conclude that something mysterious must have erased the marks.
Given the pockmarked appearance of most asteroid belt objects — including Vesta, the asteroid that Dawn visited before arriving at Ceres — scientists expected many large craters to pepper their planetary target.
“Ceres is thought to have formed at the dawn of the solar system, some one to ten million years or so after the onset of formation,” lead researcher Simone Marchi at Southwest Research Institute told The Guardian. “Thus, Ceres is a witness to the tumultuous early days where collisions were much more frequent and violent than today.”
Take a flight over dwarf planet Ceres in this video made with images from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The simulated flyover was made by the mission's camera team at Germany's national aeronautics and space research center (DLR). (NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory)
Instead, while many small craters mark up the surface, the largest impact crater they found was just 175 miles across. In contrast, Vesta — half the size of Ceres — has a whopper of an impact crater some 500 miles wide. When they crunched the numbers, Marchi and the rest of the study team found that there was a less than 2 percent chance of Ceres getting through 4 billion odd years with the assortment of craters it seems to sport.
"Thus, it points to something special about Ceres, something that we could not have guessed." Marchi told Space.com.
[Ceres's mysterious spots brighten and dim unexpectedly]
With the help of computer models and data from Dawn, Marchi and their colleagues conclude that the "peculiar composition and internal evolution" of Ceres must have erased larger impact basins somehow. The researchers found signs of multiple large, circular craters hiding just below a surface smoothed and marked up with smaller impacts.
This representation of Ceres' Occator Crater in false colors shows differences in the surface composition. (NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA)
"It is as though Ceres cures its own large impact scars and regenerates new surfaces, over and over," Marchi said in a statement.
The researchers can't be sure yet exactly how Ceres managed to turn back the clock and achieve this youthful look. But they're floating two ideas: Briny, subsurface liquids and ice volcanoes. It could be that this icy, salty layer just below the surface is viscous and flowing. This substance might allow the craters to smooth out over time as the ground settled, or it could even have flowed over the crust and formed an entirely new surface. Alternatively, ice volcanoes — which may have been more active when the planet was younger and warmer — could have spewed out roiling water that resurfaced the globe.
Read More:
British badgers are more afraid of the BBC than of bears — and that's very bad
Astronauts are diving deep under the ocean to prepare for life in space
Dolly the sheep died young — but their clones seem perfectly healthy as they turn 9
Dear Science answers your questions about evolution
Save
Save
Washington (CNN) -- A federal appeals court has tossed out Virginia's lawsuit against the sweeping health care reform effort championed by President Barack Obama, after the three-judge panel concluded Thursday the state lacks the jurisdictional authority to challenge the 2010 law.
The unanimous decision sets up a certain Supreme Court review in coming months.
"Virginia, the sole plaintiff here, lacks standing to bring this action," said the ruling from the 4th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals. "Accordingly, we vacate the judgment of the district court and remand with instructions to dismiss the case for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction."
The Richmond-based court becomes the second such federal court to uphold the constitutionality of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, particularly the "individual mandate" provision requiring most Americans to purchase health insurance by 2014 or face a financial penalty. Another appeals court had ruled against the administration.
That "circuit split" ensures the nine justices will take the case, although there is no timetable or deadline for them to decide the matter. But the various appeals coming their way promise to become a major 2012 campaign issue.
The three judges from the 4th Circuit hearing the case -- Diana Gribbon Motz, Andre Davis, and James Wynn-- all were named to the bench by Democratic presidents. They were unanimous in their conclusion the state lawsuit should be blocked on jurisdictional grounds. A separate lawsuit by private Liberty University also was rejected on similar grounds. The school, which bills itself as the largest Christian evangelical college in the world, had claimed the law would allow taxpayer dollars to fund abortions, a claim the Obama administration rejects.
The court ruled on technical grounds, not the larger constitutional questions of whether Americans can be forced to buy health insurance, and whether states are obliged to fund increased Medicare coverage.
"If we were to adopt Virginia's standing theory, each state could become a roving constitutional watchdog of sorts; no issue, no matter how generalized or quintessentially political, would fall beyond a state's power to litigate in federal court. We cannot accept a theory of standing that so contravenes settled jurisdictional constraints," said the ruling.
The state's attorney general, Ken Cuccinelli, said they will appeal the decision, likely to the Supreme Court.
"Not only does the court's opinion reject the role of the states envisioned by the Constitution, it dismisses an act of the Virginia General Assembly -- the Health Care Freedom Act -- as a mere pretense or pretext," Cuccinelli said. "It is unfortunate that the court would be so dismissive of a piece of legislation that passed both houses of a divided legislature by overwhelming margins with broad, bipartisan support."
But the Justice Department applauded the court's reasoning.
"Throughout history, there have been similar challenges to other landmark legislation such as the Social Security Act, the Civil Rights Act, and the Voting Rights Act, and all of those challenges failed as well," said a statement from the department. "We will continue to vigorously defend the health care reform statute in any litigation challenging it, and we believe we will prevail."
More than two dozen other legal challenges to the law are floating in lower federal courts.
The health care reform act was passed by the Democratic Congress last year, with wide support from the president.
There are about 450 components to the health care law. Some will not go into effect for another two years, but some are already in force.
While the two other federal appeals courts had split on the constitutional question of the individual mandate, the 4th Circuit took a different path, deciding on standing grounds. It was clear from oral arguments in May the judges might rule this way.
Virginia officials had argued the Constitution's Commerce Clause does not give government the authority to force Americans to purchase a commercial product like health insurance that they may not want or need. The state equated such a requirement to a burdensome regulation of "inactivity." Virginia is one of the few states in the country with a specific law saying residents cannot be forced to buy insurance.
But Virginia's solicitor general, Duncan Getchell, struggled during argument to justify state intervention on behalf of its citizens -- an issue known as standing. The judges from the bench suggested similar past court cases limited state options to challenge federal laws.
The Justice Department countered the state's argument by saying that since every American will need medical care at some point in their lives, individuals do not "choose" to participate in the health care market. Federal officials cite 2008 figures of $43 billion in uncompensated costs from the millions of uninsured people who receive health services, costs that are shifted to insurance companies and passed on to consumers.
The matter of the standing of states and private groups to challenge the law was one of the questions left unanswered after a panel of the 11th Circuit in Atlanta ruled in August, in a lawsuit filed by Florida and 25 other states, that requiring individuals to purchase insurance was unconstitutional; and a panel of the 6th Circuit in Cincinnati found, in a case from Michigan, that the individual mandate is lawful.
Those rulings also left open the question of whether parts of the law already in effect can continue to be enforced. Those sections currently being administered include small business tax credits, federal grants and consumer protection measures. The federal government wants to know whether these provisions can continue while the issue is under appeal, particularly in the 28 states that have filed suit.
Other questions include: if one provision of the law is found unconstitutional, does the entire act become invalidated; should employers be forced to provide some level of health insurance to their workers; and can religious, moral and other objections to the law be considered?
Among other things, the health care law was designed to help millions of uninsured and underinsured Americans receive adequate and affordable health care through a series of government-imposed mandates and subsidies. The federal government stated in court briefs that 45 million Americans last year were without health insurance, roughly 15% of the country's population.
Critics have equated the measure to socialized medicine, fearing that a bloated government bureaucracy will result in higher taxes and diminished health care services.
Opponents derisively labeled the measure "Obamacare." Republican leaders, who captured the House of Representatives in the midterm elections, have vowed to overturn or severely trim the law.
Thursday's cases are Commonwealth of Virginia v. Sebelius (11-1057) and Liberty University v. Geithner (10-2347).
.
* Russia detects ballistic launches in Mediterranean
* Israel carried out joint missile test with United States
* No missile strike reported on Syrian capital Damascus
* Markets nervous as US preparing possible Syria air strike (Adds Israeli missile test)
By Steve Gutterman
MOSCOW, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Russia raised the alarm on Tuesday after detecting the launch of two ballistic "objects" in the Mediterranean Sea but Israel later said it had carried out a joint missile test with the United States.
There were no reports of missile strikes on Syria. Syrian state sources said the missiles had fallen harmlessly into the sea and there were no explosions in the capital Damascus, Russian news agencies reported.
Initial reports of the launch by Russian news agencies had ruffled financial markets because the United States is preparing for a possible military strike on Syria over what it says was a chemical weapons attack by government forces in their conflict with rebels trying to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad.
But the Israeli Defence Ministry said it had tested a missile used as a target in a U.S.-funded anti-missile system at 9:15 a.m (0615 GMT), about the same time as the Russian radar picked up the launch.
"The trajectory of these objects goes from the central part of the Mediterranean Sea toward the eastern part of the Mediterranean coast," Russia's Interfax news agency quoted a Defence Ministry spokesperson as saying.
The spokesperson said the launch was picked up by an early warning radar station at Armavir, near the Black Sea, which is designed to detect missiles from Europe and Iran.
They did not say who had carried out the launch and whether any impact had been detected, but RIA news agency later quoted a source in Syria's "state structures" as saying the objects had fallen harmlessly into the sea.
The Russian Defence Ministry declined comment to Reuters.
The Russian Embassy in Syria said there were no signs of a missile attack or explosions in Damascus, state-run Itar-Tass reported.
Syria's early warning radar system did not detect any missiles landing on Syrian territory, according to a Syrian security source quoted by Lebanon's al-Manar television.
Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu informed President Vladimir Putin of the launch but it was not immediately clear how they reacted.
Brent crude oil extended gains to rise by more than $1 per barrel and Dubai's share index fell after Russia said it detected the launches.
Russia opposes any outside military intervention in the Syrian civil war, and a Defence Ministry official had earlier criticised the United States for deploying warships in the Mediterranean close to Syria.
Assad's government denies responsibility for the deaths of hundreds of people in the alleged poison gas attack on Aug. 21.
Russia, Assad's most powerful backer during the more than two-year-old conflict in Syria, says it suspects the attack was staged by rebels to provoke military intervention and is critical of U.S. naval deployments in the Mediterranean.
Five U.S. destroyers and an amphibious ship are in the Mediterranean, poised for possible strikes against Syria with cruise missiles - which are not ballistic. U.S. officials said the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz and four other ships in its strike group moved into the Red Sea on Monday.
"The pressure being applied by the United States causes particular concern," Itar-Tass quoted Russian Defence Ministry official Oleg Dogayev as saying.
They said "the dispatch of ships armed with cruise missiles toward Syria's shores has a negative effect on the situation in the region." (Writing by Steve Gutterman, Editing by Timothy Heritage/Mark Heinrich)
With three insider linebackers already free agents, should the Redskins part ways with Perry Riley? (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
As the Redskins work to improve their roster this offseason, the inside linebacker position will likely command a great deal of attention.
Will Compton and Mason Foster, who both closed out the season as starters, as well as Keenan Robinson, who was benched midway through the season, are free agents.
Six-year veteran Perry Riley Jr. is the only player with full-time starting experience still under contract, but the Redskins must decide if Riley remains in their plans, or if they would benefit more from moving on from their 2010 fourth-round pick.
Riley had several very rough games and a handful of solid outings last season. For their career, they have shown promise but has struggled quite a bit throughout.
Washington's talent evaluators and coaches are seeking greater consistency and playmaking ability from both inside linebacker positions.
[One year in, Scot McCloughan has already transformed the Redskins]
Riley played better last season when paired with Will Compton (an exclusive rights free agent now), but a stress fracture in their right foot ended Riley's season prematurely. The Redskins have to decide which Riley they believe they will see in 2016: The player that at midseason's mark became a more sure tackler while also making big plays in pass coverage? Or, the player that whiffed on tackles and pass coverage assignments, as Riley did early in the season?
At 27, Riley has plenty of football left in him, and given the fact that Washington also needs to fill the starting “mike” linebacker slot (is it Compton or will the free agent market feature a greater difference-maker?), they could opt to stick with Riley. However, financial ramifications could factor into the decision as well.
Riley is entering the final year of a three-year, $12 million contract that they signed in 2014. He's set to earn a base salary of $4 million, plus a $1 million installment of their signing bonus. If Washington were to part ways with Riley, it could save itself a decent chunk of change. Their cap hit for 2016 is scheduled to cost $5.05 million, and the team could save itself $4 million by cutting Riley.
The Redskins need to create more cap room. They currently figure to have around $12 million in cap space — sixth-lowest in the NFL. It could make more financial sense to part with Riley and re-sign Mason Foster, who finished out the season on a strong note in Riley's place.
[Should the Redskins seek a big wide receiver in the draft or free agency?]
Fifth-round pick Martrell Spaight missed all of their rookie year on injured reserve, so it's hard to say where they stand, but it's unlikely that they could take over as a starter.
Keeping Riley means the Redskins would at least have one player whose capabilities the coaches know well. Familiarity isn't everything, however, particularly if Foster — or someone else — is a more affordable and more consistent option, and parting with Riley enables the team to meet more needs elsewhere.
More from The Post:
Redskins' Joe Jacoby passed over again for the Hall of Fame
Bog: If Cousins were commissioner, he'd guarantee contracts
Should Redskins let Alfred Morris depart in free agency?
Cary Williams, briefly a Redskin, says he's still ‘a presence out there'
More NFL: Redskins | Super Bowl | League-wide | Sports Bog | Fancy Stats
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @MasterTes | @Insider
Head of king taken off display as facial reconstructor reflects likely DNA evidence
© King Richard III Visitor Centre
You can see the king's head at the Richard III Visitor Centre.
A facial reconstruction expert has spent four hours reworking the head of King Richard III, which was removed from display at the new visitor centre dedicated to them in Leicester after DNA testing at the city's university suggested they would have had blond hair and blue eyes.Professor Caroline Wilkinson, of Liverpool John Moores University, completed the new depiction under the watch of staff at the venue, guided by test results produced by Dr Turi King more than a year ago."It was a delicate task to remove the eyes and replace with lighter ones, as they are made of glass,” said Professor Wilkinson.“The hair colour has also been updated, including eyebrows and eyelashes."Iain Gordon, the Director of the visitor centre, said the experience had been “fascinating” ahead of the reinterment of the king's body at Leicester Cathedral later this month.“We are really pleased that we've been able to complete the work and put the head back on display in time for the reinterment," they added.
Protesters announced they will close the entrance of Aeronautical Radio of Thailand (Aerothai) on Ngam Duplee road and also the Stock Exchange of Thailand on Ratchadapisek road if caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra refuses to resign before the deadline on Wednesday.
Aerothai is in sole charge of all communications between aircraft and air traffic controllers in Thailand.
The blockade would be carried out by the Students and People Network for Thailand's Reform (SPNTR).
Uthai Yodmanee, a core leader of SPNTR, said Monday morning that if Ms Yingluck did not resign and leave the country by the given deadline, their supporters would close access to both sites.
They said the stock market has to sacrifice because Thai investors are still ignoring the situation and the protesters viewed the stock market as the “heart” of the Thaksin regime, because former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra was still able to manage the capital markets from overseas.
Upon learning of the threat, the Stock Exchange of Thailand send messages to its officials, allowing the majority of personnel to work from home.
Mr Uthai said the blockade of the entrance to the Aerothai main office would be peaceful as there were soldiers stationed there.
“If there is any violence at Aerothai, the government must be held responsible, as stated by the army commander in chief," they said. "It was clear that the soldiers were on the same side as the people.
"I would like to emphasise that the people have no fight with the soldiers and the police, only with the Thaksin regime,” they said.
A JOBBRIDGE AD for a full-time teaching post has been described as “exploitative”, with one teachers' union saying it directs its members not to take part in the internship scheme.
The ad is for a nine-month-long primary school teacher post at a school in Athlone. It says the intern – who would be paid €50 a week under the JobBridge national internship scheme – will “gain practical experience in teaching”.
It also says that the intern will:
receive formal/informal training in the following classroom management, self evaluation and classroom evaluation, Interactive white board skills, IT skills to enhance classroom teaching, acquire knowledge of suitable IT resources. Whole school development training in Literacy and Numeracy. On completion the intern will have attained skills in IT use of interactive white board in classroom, be able to access relevant, suitable resources. Be able to self evaluate. Evaluate childrens [sic] work and teach them to self evaluate. The intern will be fully probated by Department of Education.
The skills requirements state that the person must be a “qualified primary teacher”. They would work 30 hours a week and would be assigned a mentor.
“Exploitative”
However, the Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO) told TheJournal.ie that it refuses to endorse the scheme as “we see it as exploitation”.
“There's no guarantee of jobs at the end of it. This scheme won't add one job to primary teaching,” continued the INTO statement. “We have a directive directing members not to take part. Any teacher doing this will not get anything out of it”
Sinn Féin education spokesperson Jonathan O'Brien also weighed in with criticism, saying that advertisements carried on the JobBridge website that seek to employ primary school teachers for €50 a week are “exploitative and demeaning to the teaching profession”.
Deputy O'Brien said that another position advertised on the JobBridge website was for a year's internship at a school in Mallow, County Cork.
This disgraceful exploitation of teachers demeans this most important profession.
They described these internships as “an attempt by the Department of Education and Skills to employ highly skilled teachers for next to nothing” and challenged the Education Minister, Ruairí Quinn, to give their views on this matter.
When contacted about the JobBridge ad, and asked if its intention was to hire an intern to replace a teacher or be used as a supplemental teacher, the Department of Education sent a statement to TheJournal.ie, which read:
The Department of Education and Skills has advised schools that they may participate in the JobBridge scheme if they wish. The scheme may not be used to displace existing staff or to fill a current vacancy, but any positions may be offered to newly qualified teachers, allowing them to complete the probationary process and become fully registered with the Teaching Council.
It said that the full position was set out in this Department dircular published in 2011.
- Additional reporting by Christine Bohan and Amy Croffey
Negotiation? Done it. Violence? Check. Spoken openly of a one-state solution? Already part of the playbook. Declared statehood? A few times. UN recognition? In the bag. In the last almost decade and a half, the Palestinians have tried almost everything to force the Israelis to be more forthcoming on the issues that divide them—settlements, refugees, Jerusalem—all to no avail. For a combination of political reasons and security concerns the Israeli leaders have resisted the pressure, arguing either that the Palestinians cannot deliver or that Israel will not respond to threats. Indeed, the Israelis have been ruthlessly effective in demonstrating to the Palestinians that these tactics do not work through violence, settlements, and economic pressure. The result has been a crippled Palestinian leadership and bred despair among both West Bankers and Gazans.
What then should the Palestinians do? There are dire warnings that a third intifada—which observers have been predicting for years—is imminent. The death of a young Palestinian activist, Arafat Jaradat, at Israel's Megiddo prison over the weekend led to clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces and settler violence heightened these concerns, but the fact of the matter is that the situation in the West Bank has been deteriorating for months. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas should do what they can to put a lid on the tension, but not because the Israeli government has made “an unequivocal demand to calm the territory” along with the promise of $100 million in tax revenue that Israel collects on behalf of the Palestinians. Rather, there is a potentially more effective way for the Palestinian leadership to deal with their present circumstances: Abbas should declare the Palestinian Authority (PA) closed for business. The benefits of dissolving the PA are twofold. First, the Palestinians might actually create a more favorable political environment for negotiations. Second, if it does not force Israel's hand, the end of the Palestinian Authority will finally bring Oslo (remember that?) and the fiction of Palestinian sovereignty in the West Bank to an end.
There is little doubt that twenty years ago when Yair Hirschfeld, Ron Pundik, and Ahmed Qurei dreamed up the Oslo Accords, which was a negotiating process, they hoped the Palestinian Authority would be the basis for the state that was to emerge in parts of the West Bank and Gaza Strip by May 1999. Yet Oslo made Palestinian statehood conditional upon Israeli consent and while Yasser Arafat proved to be a wholly irresponsible and inappropriate partner for peace and Abbas is perennially weak, Israel has done much to thwart what the Palestinian Authority was meant to do. First and foremost for the Israelis, the PA was a way of outsourcing the security functions of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. By the time the first intifada wound down in the early 1990s, Israelis had grown weary of policing the occupied territories and Israel's leaders were worried that putting down the uprising had sapped the IDF's ability to perform its core functions, protecting the country from attack. To paraphrase the late Yitzhak Rabin, “the PA would be there so we wouldn't have to be.” As a result, an elaborate scheme of security cooperation was built into the follow-on to the original Oslo Accords.
The arrangements worked well for a while, but as time went on and the immediate promise and optimism of Oslo faded, the Palestinians were increasingly unwilling to do the Israelis' bidding on security. The first crack came in September 1996, pitting Palestinian paramilitary police against IDF soldiers. Despite efforts to re-establish security cooperation, the damage was done and whatever trust that had once existed between Israeli and Palestinian security forces was badly frayed. When the second intifada erupted in late 2000, Israel demanded that the PA “do more” to establish security even as the IDF systematically undermined the Palestinians' ability to establish order. Of course, by that time Arafat had come to believe that they had more to gain from the violence than from upholding Oslo, which from the perspective of the vast majority of Palestinians had been an abject failure. To be sure, there was a semblance of Palestinian self-government, but in the seven years between the time the Israelis and Palestinians initialed Oslo and the second intifada, the number of Israeli settlers grew considerably, leading Palestinians to conclude that the endless and inconclusive negotiations had been nothing more than a ruse.
The Palestinian Authority has limped along since the end of the second intifada and Arafat's death in 2004. Its functions are limited, Abbas is an afterthought in the region, and the prospects for a Palestinian-Israeli breakthrough are dimmer than ever. Declaring an end to the PA will either jolt the Israelis out of their complacency or lay bare the actual situation in the West Bank in which Israel has tightened its grip on the land that was supposed to be Palestine. By proclaiming the end of the Palestinian Authority, the Palestinians would be saying to the Israelis, “If you want to occupy the West Bank, it is yours, but do not expect us to administer it for you.” The logic of dissolving the Palestinian Authority is so clear that one wonders why Abbas has not taken this step. After all, the PA is now little more than a vehicle to employ hundreds of thousands of Palestinians who draw their salaries and livelihoods from it and the international donors on which it depends. The idea that they could once again be primarily responsible for the Palestinian population should be enough to scare the Israelis into negotiation.
In the end, however, Abbas and their deputies are not going to put the Palestinian Authority out of business and hand the keys of the Muqata'a over to IDF commanders. Despite its decrepit state, the PA serves several important functions for them. Whatever shreds of power, international prestige, and riches Palestinian leaders in the West Bank still enjoy, they flow from the Palestinian Authority. It is a classic case of politicians doing something in their parochial interest that leads to a suboptimal outcome for the people they represent. For the rest of us, it just means that the fiction of Palestinian sovereignty and the policy distortions that come with it will continue.
I'm not a fan of allowing companies to track every purchasing decision I make, but I've sacrificed some of my expectations for privacy in return for convenience. I use my credit card for most purchases, and over the years, credit card issuers could have created a database with my transaction history and could theoretically use that information to predict my future spending habits. In order to receive discounts on groceries, I shop at the supermarket using a loyalty card. Although the card isn't linked to my address or name, preventing the company from identifying me personally, I'm practically giving away valuable personal data.
Years after these grocery store loyalty card programs started appearing, the amount they allow me to save as a percentage of the non-sale prices have decreased. Stores easily use the programs to lure customers into a false sense of good deals. The best prices are still offered to customers who make the effort to find and clip coupons. If I were to adopt the time-consuming obsessive-compulsive disorder commonly known as extreme couponing, I might be able to save much more money — for the compromise of buying brands I don't like or much more than I need.
A friend of mine recently shared a photograph on Facebook their first extreme couponing haul: a ton of detergents and shampoo for under twenty dollars, with a retail price of almost $100. I can't criticize them on the deal, but what would I do with 10 bottles of an expensive brand of shampoo, and where would I store them for the next five years?
So rather than spending my time clipping coupons, trying to find deals on the products I typically buy or accepting brand substitutions, I rely almost completely on scanning my store loyalty card for delivering discounts. This doesn't pay off as much as it did ten years ago, but I get over the disappointment without dwelling.
Price discrimination sounds bad, but it has always been around. When stores offer coupons through the mail directly to nearby residents or inside newspapers, those who use the coupons get better prices than those who don't. Shoppers who are willing to give up a small part of their privacy through the use of loyalty programs receive better prices than a stranger walking into the store off the street. Mobile phone applications make it even easier for the store to disseminate better prices to a subset of their customer base.
There should be no surprise now that grocery stores and supermarkets are now testing and implementing individually-targeted sales. While shoppers have accepted price discrimination between the class of those with coupons and those without and between store members with loyalty cards and shoppers without, now there's concern that stores are crossing the line. Two shoppers with loyalty cards, identical except for their past purchasing habits, might receive two different prices for the same product at the same time.
The purpose of this pricing scheme is to change a shopper's behavior to be more profitable for the store. If one shopper primarily buys one brand of cleaning product, but the store profits more on a different brand, the store can encourage that one shopper to try the new brand by introducing a personalized coupon. This is great for profit because the store does not need to entice every loyal shopper with the same discount. That one shopper's next door neighbor might already be a fan of the more profitable brand of cleaning product, so a discount would affect their shopping habit.
These decisions regarding discounts to increase profits have always been made on a geographical basis, but technology is much more sophisticated than it was twenty years ago, and customers like myself have gladly shared their full shopping histories, enabling store managers to mine through an enormous amount of data.
New, highly individualized coupons will continue and increase price discrimination, wherein those drawing the short end of the pricing stick are inevitably those without leverage — families with low household incomes.
Overall, this has been the pattern for at least as long as I've been aware of the costs of groceries. Walk into a market in a depressed neighborhood, where the average income is low, most dwellings are rented, and the demographics feature higher numbers of minorities, and prices for basic items are often higher than they are at a massive supermarket in a thriving, mostly-white suburban neighborhood. There are certainly legitimate reasons for price differences, but the result is that poorer families pay more for the same groceries.
Personalized coupons will change that divide. Rather than just a store-to-store or neighborhood-to-neighborhood difference in price, this discrimination can happen within the same store. Again, this is just a continuation of what is already taking place. In the past, those who subscribe to newspapers have been the families graced with the best coupons. Households with smaller incomes have never been represented well in newspapers' base of subscribers.
Stores primarily selling groceries in bulk also aided price discrimination. Those who could afford the annual fee, could drive to a big warehouse in the suburbs, had two or more refrigerators to store perishable items, and could take advantage of a large house for storage of non-perishables, have been blessed by the benefits of lower prices. Those who need frequent shopping trips to avoid spoilage and because they have less money at any one particular time rather than infrequent shopping trips to buy in bulk suffer the consequences.
At first, loyalty card programs actually leveled the playing field, with everyone who was willing to sign up receiving the same discounts, but once again, price discrimination finds a way to benefit those with more money. As prices for some items will be based on an individual's spending habits, those with more money to spend will receive the best deals.
Coupons are psychological, and that's why they succeed so much. They are designed for the store's benefit in profit, but they achieve this by making the customer feel good about the price they “scored.” Game theory takes hold of consumer behavior, especially with extreme couponing. Feeling good as a result of making a frugal shopping decision is important, whether the shopping trip resulted in actual savings is not as important. The idea that you are getting a better price than someone else is psychologically fulfilling, even if it's not true. With individualized coupons, we're allowing stores to use personal transaction data to make us feel good, in an attempt to subtly modify our spending behavior for the store's profit, with or without actual long-term savings. Is this a trade-off you're willing to accept?
This article originally appeared on www.http://www.consumerismcommentary.com
Individualized Coupons Aid Price Discrimination
Max King's race results already read like something of a tall tale, given the diversity of terrain and distances. And on Friday, they added a 100K world championship and North American record for the distance to the accolades.
King, 34 and living in Bend, Oregon, won the IAU 100K world championship over the weekend in Doha, Qatar. They finished in 6:27, more than 4 minutes ahead of second-place Jonas Buud of Sweden.
“It was an extremely boring course, not a ton to look at,” King says. The route also wasn't thought to be especially fast, replete with 180-degree turns and on a tile- and paver-filled surface. The race was held on Friday night, beginning at 6 p.m., to at least partially diffuse high temperatures and humidity.
Despite the unique challenges, King's finish outpaced the previous standard that had stood since 1995. They prepared for the competition by seeking out parks in Bend that have pavers, completing workouts like 10 x 1 mile at 5-minute pace. Since winning the Warrior Dash 5K world championship in October, they bumped up their weekly mileage to 110 miles.
Over 20 laps of 5K in Qatar, King split between 18:47 and 21:01 on each interval. Their fastest was their 13th loop, between 60K and 65K—it was here that they moved from the pack and into the lead for the remainder of the race.
“I surged a bit without meaning to around 50K and started reeling in the leader, and everyone around me started slowing slightly. I was nervous about being in the lead that far from the finish, but just kept pushing. Thirty miles to run on my own,” they say.
When added to the successes of sixth-place Zach Bitter (Madison, Wisconsin) and ninth-place Zach Miller (Colorado Springs, Colorado), the Americans also earned team gold.
Converting their effort to different distances is a fool's errand, but when pressed, King guesses that he's in 2:14 marathon shape right now. They said they would love to get to 2:12 for the marathon—the time that their half marathon and 100K are thought to equate to—and plans to chase an Olympic trial qualifying time at March's LA Marathon. If they qualify, it would be their second Olympic trials marathon, in addition to two trials bids in the 3,000m steeplechase.
Next year he's also targeting South Africa's famed Comrades (Ultra) Marathon in May 2015, but is unlikely to defend their 100K crown due to a scheduling conflict with the world mountain running championship, which King hopes to return to next year, should they finish in the top six at the qualifying race. They won that world championship in 2011.
King shrugs off the widespread success, as if it's the norm. They tailor their training somewhat to each event, choosing a goal race for every six-month period. “It's all pretty basic stuff. I'm just working different systems, always doing a little bit of everything—tempo, VO2 max, long runs,” they say.
Total Recall is a look back at the history of video games through their characters, franchises, developers and trends.
Take a look at this commercial, for the Sega Mega Drive (Genesis). It's for the Indian market, and while it's a little rough around the edges, it's mostly what you'd expect from the mid-90s. Except for that weird "Shaw Wallace" business.
That's not a YouTube uploader's watermark, it's the name of the company that handled distribution of the console in India. And it's not an electronics firm. Shaw Wallace makes booze.
Primarily whisky and beer. So what was it doing moonlighting as a video game distributor? Well, in 1995, Indian authorities would slap an 80% tariff on anything like the Mega Drive being imported directly into the country, so Sega struck up a deal with Shaw Wallace to distribute to the consoles, which meant they could skip the tariff altogether.
Cheeky, but effective, and also technically legal. It also means I get to imagine the consoles being smuggled around the country in wooden whisky crates. And yes, I know it was all legal, but that's still way cooler than imagining regular delivery trucks.
There comes a time in the course of many romantic relationships when one party feels strongly compelled to have sex with someone other than their beloved. It is, dare I say, normal. Ideally, all adults have practice controlling their impulses, so it's not the end of the world to occasionally commit adultery in your heart. There are a lot of sexy human beings in the world, and that's cause for celebration, not consternation. The occasional private daydream or fantasy certainly won't destroy a loving union.
But sometimes the “do it” drumbeat is too loud and strong to be placated by mere imagining. If you find yourself in the grips of overwhelming wayward urges, you have several options: suck it up and pretend it doesn't exist; end the relationship; act on it without telling your partner beforehand (or maybe ever); or discussing it with your partner in the hopes of finding a mutually bearable resolution.
Advertisement
“Open” relationships are increasingly common and making some headway in terms of social acceptance, but they're mostly still regarded as immature and doomed to fail. This need not be the case. Plenty of committed couples throughout history have managed to accommodate non-monogamous sexual appetites, and you could count yourselves among them if you go about it with kindness and intelligence. This path is superior to one of secrets and lies. And think of it this way: Most romantic relationships are doomed to failure. If you're going to go out, might as well go out with a …. well, you know.
Do a little self-reflection. It's useful to know what makes sex with someone else appealing to you. It could be old-fashioned curiosity and wide-ranging horniness, or it could be that your partner and you are having sex too infrequently, or that your partner won't try the activities you find yourself drawn to. Be clear about what you're hoping to get out of sex with someone else: pure pleasure and excitement? Self-validation? Escape? Understanding your own motivations will make navigating this a lot easier.
Have The Talk. This is on you to introduce sensitively and responsibly, so you've got to bring it up like a big boy—no constant “jokes” to try to provoke your partner to do the heavy lifting. (“Man, those spies on The Americans have to have so much sex with other people! Wouldn't it be crazy if WE were having sex with other people? Ha ha ... ha.”) A simple, genuinely curious, “Do you ever think about having sex with other people?” should get the ball rolling.
Advertisement
Don't do this right after you've had sex with each other. Don't do it when you're about to have sex, either. (Other examples of the worst possible times to bring this up would be at a dinner party, in the car to pick up the kids, or over the phone.) Be somewhere private without distractions. Don't sit across from each other; it might sound corny, but that's adversarial. Try side-by-side, maybe even touching at the hip or holding hands. Physical reassurance will help.
It's okay if you're nervous. If you care about your partner's feelings, this will probably be a little scary. But if maintaining your current relationship and having sex with other people are both high priorities for you, addressing this head on shouldn't be any scarier than the alternative of ruining your relationship through deception while you cheat.
Make your case. Explain why non-monogamy is appealing to you at the moment. Maybe your partner is on medication that's eradicated their or their sex drive. Maybe you've been spending long stints away from home for work. Maybe you were a virgin when you got married and you feel like you missed out on experiencing something important. If your desire isn't circumstantial, you should say so. Your partner deserves to know this isn't something that can be “solved” by situational changes. (For instance, if you know you never want to be in a monogamous relationship again, don't pretend this is something you're going to “get out of your system.”)
Advertisement
It's kind to affirm the following, assuming it's true:
* You're still extremely attracted to your partner and desire sex with them.
* You very much want your relationship to continue.
* You do not expect the arrangement to only work in your favor.
This last part is important. Only a scumbag thinks they should have carte blanche to fool around with others but their partner shouldn't.
Advertisement
I've found that many if not most men underestimate their wives and girlfriends. They're convinced the women they're with don't want to have sexual adventures together—and aren't open to experimenting with role-play or fetishes—but they've never truly tried to ascertain if that's true. Sexual proclivities are a sensitive topic, and many of us are extra-sensitive to rejection in this regard. But give your partner a chance to rise to the occasion. Maybe they too would benefit from intimacy with other partners. You're about to find out!
Your partner can say no. You may have hyped yourself up for this moment so much—and so thoroughly detailed all the benefits and rational arguments in favor of screwing other people—that you can scarcely conceive of hearing a “no.” But your partner has the right to veto this, even for reasons you think are illogical or unfair. If this is non-negotiable for you, you in turn have the right to end the relationship.
What it looks like in action. If your partner is ready to give this a try, it may take some trial and error to figure out what feels best for each of you. I know couples that are open in theory but rarely act on it, just as I know couples for whom finding other people to bang is a huge part of their lives. The most important ground rule is to communicate with each other about what you each expect and want, and then tailor your behavior accordingly.
Advertisement
A good starting point is to figure out when, where, and how you see this taking place. Do you want to go to swingers clubs together? Does this only happen when you're away on a work trip? Do you use your main phone number and email address to correspond with hookups? Are certain acts not ok? Who is eligible, and who is off-limits? (Mutual friends? Mutual acquaintances?) Maybe articulating this feels insultingly basic to you—“Of course we're not going to hook up with friends!”—but this is one arena in which extreme clarity will only help. You're trying to sketch out boundaries that a) maintain the primacy of your relationship and b) minimize whatever makes your partner (or you) feel most threatened and insecure.
Speaking of insecurity, you'll probably be dealing with a lot of it, both coming from your partner and from you. Speaking from personal experience, I'll give two pieces of advice. The first is that it will probably make you feel incredibly vulnerable to listen to your partner talk about their hookups, but if they really love you, they will talk about it in a way that ultimately makes you feel closer to one another. The second is that while communication is everything, you don't have to communicate everything. It's okay to not want or need to hear dirty details every time, or any time. I think it's best to take an “always tell if you're asked” policy. If your partner wants to hear about it, don't withhold or lie; if they don't want to hear about it, don't force them to listen.
The STI angles. I'm going to risk incurring a lot of self-righteous wrath, but this must be said: Straight men and women sometimes fall back on claims of concerns about STIs when they want to give themselves the moral high ground and/or end a conversation about non-monogamy. That's exploiting stigma, and it's a nasty tactic. Yes, even safer sex carries risk of transmitting infection and, when applicable, might result in pregnancy. Condoms can break, and some contagions dwell on the skin not covered by condoms. So one member of a relationship having sex with someone outside the relationship could possibly cause some health-related issues. But STIs are not a reflection on someone's character, nor are they punishment for promiscuity. We're all vectors of disease just by virtue of being alive. You could get a staph infection from your phone, or bring home Legionnaires' disease after your trip to New York. But if your partner insists their fear of STIs is too great for non-monogamy to be viable, refer to the earlier point about the veto.
Advertisement
Otherwise, educate yourselves on the best forms of protection and the symptoms of STIs, and agree upon a protocol to use with your other partners and each other. Maybe now you use condoms together when you didn't before; that's cool! Condoms are excellent tools, and there's no shame in using them past the early-courtship stage. Get tested—both of you, not just one. And stick to what you agree upon unless you revise it together. (I know non-monogamous couples who have unprotected sex with their extra-relationship fuck buddies because they trust them. That makes me nervous, but their sexual choices aren't about me. As long as everyone involved is comfortable, rock on.)
Common sense still applies. If you're hot for a work colleague or a fellow parent who attends every PTA meeting, and you think you finally have a pass to make a move, you're looking for trouble. All the normal instincts toward self-preservation in the public realms of career, reputation, family, and community should be respected if you want to protect yourself and your family from a world of hurt.
Exercise caution with online outlets. Even if you're in a big city, don't use or send pictures of your face if you know your marriage's openness would cause a scandal. (I realize that makes meeting up with someone a lot harder, but you don't want to end up in a Gawker post.) If your circles are progressive enough and/or you're rich enough that you probably won't be circumstantially impacted by gossip online or off, lucky you. You can plaster your face all over.
Advertisement
Don't be insufferable about it. Okay already, we get it, “poly” folks: You're really into your liberated multi-love lifestyle. That's wonderful. Go in peace. But it's tiresome for anyone to make their sexuality the sum of their identity, and to foist constant conversations about those sexual and romantic inclinations on everyone else. I hope you and your partner are blissful with your non-monogamy, and that you enjoy that heady joy for all it's worth. But don't turn into the sex equivalent of veganism and proselytize about your superior lifestyle at every opportunity. It's fine for other people to be happily monogamous, just as it's fine for you not to be.
Charlotte Shane is a writer living in New York and tweeting from @charoshane. Them TinyLetter is famous among those who love emotions and long emails.
Advertisement
Illustration by Tara Jacoby.
Adequate Man is Deadspin's new self-improvement blog, dedicated to making you just good enough at everything. Suggestions for future topics are welcome below.
