Jason Cipriani/CNET
Awhile back I said the best way to get Android apps on your Android device was by installing the Amazon App Store. While that's still a valid method for downloading Android apps directly to your BlackBerry 10 device, there's actually a better method.
A free app called Snap is available for BlackBerry 10 devices running OS 10.2.1.1055 and above. The app mimics Google's Play Store, providing you access to the same apps you would find in the Play Store on an Android device. The benefit of using this over the Amazon method is that not all developers release apps in Amazon's store, opting instead to stick with Google only.
Snap does require you to sideload the app on your BB10 device, meaning you can't download it from BlackBerry World. So before you walk through the guide below, be sure to download Snap from this link. Pay attention to where you save the BAR file that's downloaded; you'll need the file soon enough.
You will need to do a little bit of work to get the app sideloaded on your BB10 device. Luckily, Brian Bennett covered how to sideload apps, and it's actually relatively straightforward. Just make sure you have Chrome installed on your computer and a little time to walk through the process.
After you've installed the app using the method described above, you'll need to log into your Google account through the app. I know -- giving your Google credentials to a third-party app is a bit scary. I can't blame you if you're hesitant; I was at first. If you don't feel comfortable, keep using the Amazon app.
Screenshot by Jason Cipriani/CNET
Should you decide to throw caution into the wind and log into the app, you'll be able to view your purchased Android apps, check for updates, and (of course) install new apps.
It's important to note that not all Android apps are going to work flawlessly on BlackBerry 10. For example, Square Cash and Snapchat both fail to run for me. But at least you have access to them should that change in the future.
If pollsters simply ask "do you feel hostility towards [insert group here]," people have been conditioned to say no. So, instead, sociologists and pollsters explore these feelings by testing the respondent's level support for statements that are a bit more circumspect. These statements are designed to assess the degree to which the respondent is hostile towards minorities, Muslims, women and immigrants.Trump supporters consistently give the "hostile" response against each group. 55% of Trump supporters feel that the government should pay less attention to the problems of minorities. 64% think Muslims should be more aggressively monitored. 68% believe that the country is becoming "too feminine." And, 69% believe that immigrants are a burden on the country... (Which burden is apparently borne by the Native Americans?) The level of support for these statements from Trump supporters indicates that, in each case, a majority of Trump supporters harbor fairly strong hostility towards the applicable group.On the other hand, Clinton supporters overwhelmingly disagree with each of the statements. 83% reject the idea that immigrants are a burden. 69% reject the idea that society is becoming "too feminine." 87% reject a higher level of scrutiny of Muslims and 78% disagree that the government pays "too much attention" to the "problems of minorities."The statement regarding President Obama being a Muslim is particularly interesting. It is simply a factual question with a right answer and a wrong answer. President Obama is in fact not Muslim. 65% of Trump supporters got that one wrong. It seems implausible that almost 2/3 of Trump supporters actually do not know what religion the President of the United States is, so there must be more to that story. Perhaps they see President Obama as "not one of us" due to their race or politics, and they use "Muslim" as code to indicate that they are outside of their group. Or, maybe they see "Muslim" as an insult and get satisfaction from insulting Obama. Or, maybe in their view, the only explanation they can come up with for Obama's refusal to display bigotry against Muslims is that they must be one. In any case, that response seems to indicate a high level of bigotry of one sort of another.To some extent, these same tendencies show up if you split respondents between Democrats and Republicans rather than between Clinton supporters and Trump supporters. However, the prevalence of these feelings are significantly stronger among Trump supporters than among other Republicans. For example, a study recently found that Republicans who oppose Trump are 20% more likely to have positive feelings about Muslims and 15% more likely to have positive feelings about Hispanics as Trump supporters are.None of this should be particularly surprising given the constant focus Trump has placed on expressing hostility towards these groups. Their campaign has centered around calling Mexicans "rapists," proposing a ban on Muslim immigration to the U.S., demeaning women in various ways, birtherism and so forth. However, it is nonetheless alarming to see how many Americans hold these types of feelings.
Two teenage girls aged 13 and 14 beat a woman to death in their home in a “sustained and brutal attack” before posting mocking images on Snapchat, a court has heard. Angela Wrightson, 39, was found with more than 100 injuries after being battered with a variety of different implements, including a wooden stick, a TV set, a computer printer and a coffee table.
The two girls are on trial for their murder at Leeds crown court, where a jury heard that 39-year-old Wrightson was tortured and beaten to death as they pleaded for their life. Following the attack, “further indignities were heaped” on Wrightson as they lay unconscious and motionless on their sofa.
The jury was told that after the attack, the girls, who had both been reported as missing by their carers, called the police to get a lift home. As the girls, who cannot be named for legal reasons, sat “laughing and joking” in the back of the police van, they were described as being in “high spirits”. They posted mocking pictures to Snapchat captioned “Me and [name] in the back of the bizzie van again”.
The following day, as the net began to close on the pair, one of the defendants told a friend, “I might be getting sent down,” the jury was told. Wrightson's half-naked body was found at their home in Hartlepool, County Durham, on 8 December 2014.
Nicholas Campbell QC, prosecuting, told the jury: “It was a Tuesday morning … that the bloodstained body of a 39-year-old woman was discovered in their Hartlepool home. Angela Wrightson was found by their landlord. The body was sitting on a sofa in their front room. They were naked from the waist down.” The landlord contacted the emergency services.
“It became clear that Angela Wrightson had been the victim of a sustained and brutal attack,” Campbell said. “There were well over 100 injuries. The evidence at the scene of the crime showed they had been assaulted in 12 different locations within that room.
Both defendants deny murder. They were in court on Wednesday, each accompanied by an intermediary to help them to understand the court process.
The jury was told that both girls were in local authority care at the time of the murder. Now aged 14 and 15, the defendants had formed an intense relationship with each other and both had difficult relationships with their mothers, the court heard.
Campbell said: “The defendants had known each other for many years, and had become friends. As they grew into their teens, that friendship had caused concern to those charged with their care. At night they would often run off together, causing the police to be involved in their return. The relationship between the two was close, even intense.”
The court heard that Wrightson, who was an alcoholic, would regularly purchase alcohol and cigarettes for teenagers in Stephen Street, described as a “hotspot for underage drinking”. Friends of Wrightson's had become concerned about the number of children who had begun to call on them
Campbell said: “This had started up in the summer of 2014. Wrightson had got themselves a reputation for going to the local shop, just around the corner from Stephen Street, to buy cigarettes and sometimes alcohol for children whom the shop assistants would not serve.
“She complained that they were being forced into it, but equally accepted that they stood to gain from the arrangement, by way of cigarettes or alcohol for herself.”
On the night of the murder, the defendants had both repeatedly been to Wrightson's house and were eventually let in just after 7.30pm. Wrightson was then spotted on CCTV going to the local shop to buy a bottle of cider and chocolate while the two defendants remained in their house. They remained there for three and a half hours before leaving at just after 11pm and then returning again at 2am. They finally left the house at just after 4am.
Campbell said: “By that time at the very least, Wrightson had been fatally injured and was probably dead. Indeed, there is evidence that they believed they may have already died before their return at 2am. It is right that only the defendants know when the violence started and when it ended, but the prosecution case is that neither has given a true account of what happened.”
The court heard that the violence had begun at 9pm, when one of the defendants posted a photograph from inside Wrightson's home with the photo sharing and messaging app Snapchat. The photograph showed the two “smiling defendants” with Wrightson in the background with marks on their face.
Campbell said: “The defendants are smiling. Wrightson is sitting facing the camera.  They are alive, but they are not smiling, and their face is marked. The quality of the image is not the greatest, but it is clear enough to show that by nine o'clock there were marks on Wrightson's face and that they are recent.”
More selfies were taken in the house by the defendants at around 10.30pm showing them drinking cider, but they did not show Wrightson again. A Facebook call was also made from the house where the defendants were heard laughing and encouraging each other to attack Wrightson. During the call they were heard saying: “Go on, [name of older girl]. Smash their head in. Bray them Fucking kill her.”
The defendants left the house at just after 11pm to meet a friend who questioned why they had bloodstains on their clothes. They then returned to the house at 2am before leaving at just after 4am.
After calling the police asking for a “lift home, the girls were picked up in a police van. During the journey the younger girl took a photo of the other defendant and shared the image on Snapchat.
Campbell said: “The prosecution case is that they were in it together and that they are jointly responsible for this fatal act.”
The following day, as news of Wrightson's death was reported by a local newspaper, the girls told friends and carers that they had attacked Wrightson after they had threatened them with a knife. They described how they had “smashed the bits” over Wrightson, including a television. The jury heard how they had how they had “stamped all over their head” as they pleaded with them saying: “Please don't. Stop. I'm scared.” In spite of this, the defendants continued to beat Wrightson as they lay in a pool of blood with their hands “scrunched up”.
Wrightson was described as being house proud, despite being known in their local community as an alcoholic who was in regular contact with the police and social services.
Campbell said: “If the defendants had had troubled histories, the same is true of Angela Wrightson. They were 39 when they died, although they looked a great deal older than that. They were an alcoholic, and was well known as such in their community. They were well liked, and when sober was a good neighbour. They gave chocolates to the young children and fed the local dogs.
“She kept their home tidy most of the time, and was always buying cleaning materials for it. And they liked to entertain, meticulously planning and executing their menu. But when in drink, they could be difficult, and they were well known to the police and to the emergency services.”
The trial continues.
PBS's “Masterpiece,” the enduring Sunday night British drama and mystery franchise, will expand by at least 20 hours next year, an approximate 50 percent increase, with the new hours being broadcast either before or after the program's traditional time slot of 9 p.m. Eastern time.
The new hours start on Jan. 18, when the six-part mystery “Grantchester” will be broadcast after new episodes of “Downton Abbey.” “Wolf Hall,” adapted from two Hilary Mantel novels, follows in April, with other imports later in the year. They come with exclusive corporate sponsorship from Viking River Cruises, and are a result of the booming interest in the genre by United States viewers.
Led by “Downton Abbey,” the audience for “Masterpiece” has more than doubled since 2010. In 2014, new episodes of “Masterpiece,” through September, are drawing an average 6.4 million viewers weekly; for the same period in 2010, new episodes averaged 2.8 million viewers, “Masterpiece” said.
“How often does this happen to a television series that's 43 years old, to grow, to be expanded?” said Rebecca Eaton, the program's executive producer.
More Texans disapprove of Rick Perry's performance as governor than approve of their work for them, a new poll finds. Forty-five percent of Texas voters have a positive view of Perry's job performance while 48 percent disapprove, according to the latest poll of Texas voters released by Public Policy Polling today: .
The good news for Perry: The Republican presidential contender has finally moved ahead of President Obama in the Lone Star State, 51 percent to 44 percent, after trailing the Democratic incumbent a month ago.
But Tom Jensen, Director of Public Policy Polling, said that these aren't the numbers that will matter in the bigger picture, because Texas is a given for the governor.
“He's going to win Texas, so their approval numbers don't matter that much in the overall scheme of the election. But they do raise some red flags about the kind of support they might see in some other places,” Jensen said.
The PPP survey offers a clear warning to Perry: He'll need to do better among independent voters, in Texas and around the country, if they ever hopes to get elected president.
Among Texas independents, Perry's numbers fare far worse than Obama's. Only 32 percent of independents approve of Perry, compared to 46 percent approval for Obama. And in an Obama-Perry general election matchup, Perry's 7-point lead is turned on its head: Obama polls 8 points higher than Perry among independents, 52-41 percent.
Jensen suggested that Perry's inability to garner support from independents in their home state may not bode well for their chances in some swing states like Ohio and Colorado. The candidate closely trailing Perry in most polls, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, is far more popular with independents: They boast 39 percent favorability and when matched up against Obama, they narrow Obama's lead with independents down to just 1 percentage point.
And if Perry doesn't manage to win the election, they may be facing a far more hostile Texas than they did in June. Jensen said that while the prestige associated with being a presidential candidate has likely produced a sense of pride in their constituents, a loss could seriously damage their popularity.
“Something that we've seen a fair amount of is that failed presidential candidates often come back home to much worse popularity numbers than they had before they ever started running for president,” they said, citing former Sen. Chris Dodd, former New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson and 2008 GOP presidential nominee John McCain, R-Ariz.
Although Perry's not winning with independents in Texas, the PPP poll reveals that they're a hard sell–only one candidate, Rep. Ron Paul, R-Lake Jackson, managed to trump Obama with independents in Texas, and only by 1 point.
The PPP poll is the second state-specific poll to come out today that brings bad news for Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn. Of all the candidates PPP polled about, Bachmann has the lowest favorability rating with all Texas Republicans. As Rick Perry continues to soar to the top, Bachmann seems to be slipping quickly to the bottom.
While we've known for some time that Warner Bros. had a Scooby-Doo reboot planned for 2018, we learned much more about the project at CinemaCon 2016. One big revelation is that the movie will be titled S.C.O.O.B., and that it'll launch a whole new wave of potentially interlocking Hanna-Barbera movies. Yes, that's right — Warner Bros. is planning a Hanna-Barbera Cinematic Universe.
How this will work was not explained, as we were only shown a brief glimpse of concept art featuring Scooby-Doo and some sketches of other Hanna-Barbera characters. The exact quote used in a much longer over-arching WAG sizzle reel was that the film will be “our first shot at unlocking the whole Hanna-Barbera Universe.”
Other Hanna-Barbera properties include The Flintstones, Yogi Bear, The Jetsons, The Smurfs, Top Cat, Jonny Quest, Wacky Races, Sealab 2020, and many other cartoons, although some of those, like the Smurfs, are owned elsewhere and obviously couldn't be part of this cinematic universe. There's also the question of if and how they might cross over, considering they all take place in different settings and time periods. Aside from S.C.O.O.B., the studio has not announced release dates for any of other Hanna-Barbera movies.
WAG is led by a brain trust that includes Phil Lord, Chris Miller, Nicholas Stoller, Glenn Ficarra, John Requa, and Jared Stern. Although the only completed film to come out of WAG so far is 2014's The Lego Movie, they have many more planned in the coming years including Storks (out this fall), The Lego Batman Movie (2017), a Ninjago movie (also 2017) The Lego Movie 2 (2018), and Smallfoot (about a Yeti that believes humans are real).
Warner Bros. has been aggressively expanding its biggest franchises including the DC Extended Universe (which just released Batman v Superman and has many more films scheduled through 2020) and the Harry Potter universe (which will be revived this fall with Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them).
S.C.O.O.B. arrives September 21, 2018.
From Team Fortress Wiki
“ — Sandvich publicity blurb The Sandvich is a great tool for a Heavy defending an area, as it gives them the ability to replenish health between enemy waves without having to abandon their post. ”
The Sandvich, known in full as the Sandvich Edible Device, is an unlockable secondary weapon for the Heavy. It is half of a sandwich made with two triangular slices of bread. Between the slices of bread are lettuce, tomatoes, Swiss cheese, and a few slices of both ham and bologna, as noted by the Heavy. It is topped with a green pimento-stuffed olive pinned to the Sandvich by a toothpick. The Festive version wraps the entire sandwich in team-colored wrapping paper with several class-based and Sandvich decals styled like Matryoshka Dolls, and a spring with a large, glowing yellow star where the olive would have been. On consumption, the Sandvich will show a large bite on its side.
The Sandvich can be consumed by pressing either the bound primary fire or taunt key. When eaten, it will gradually replenish an amount equal to the Heavy's maximum health over a four second duration with no overheal. While the Heavy is eating, they make a loud munching sound and the player is forced into the third-person view. As eating the Sandvich is considered a taunt, it cannot be consumed in instances when taunts can not be used, such as when underwater. The Sandvich will not have to recharge if the Heavy is already at maximum health, allowing it to be continuously consumed for leisure. Critical Sandviches have no additional benefits.
Players can right-click to drop the Sandvich onto the floor. A dropped Sandvich appears on a rotating plate and acts as a medium Medkit that can be picked up by both allies and enemies. The Heavy cannot use their own dropped Sandvich to heal himself; picking up a dropped Sandvich will simply reset the cooldown timer. A dropped Sandvich from another Heavy, whether friend or foe, can only be used to restore health and will not reset the cooldown timer. It is not possible to have two sandviches from the same Heavy dropped on the floor at the same time, the oldest will simply disappear as soon as the second one is launched.
The recharge time for the Sandvich is approximately 30 seconds. The Heavy can instantly recharge the Sandvich by visiting a Resupply cabinet, picking up their own thrown Sandvich, or collecting any health pickup while at full health. The recharge timer begins as soon as the Sandvich is consumed or dropped. Should the Heavy be killed while holding the Sandvich, the ammo pack that they drop upon death will not function as an ammo pack, but instead as a collectible that restores 50 health to all classes but the Scout, who is healed for 75 health. The Sandvich itself can be collected by other Heavies via weapon switching.
The Sandvich is automatically awarded to any player who obtains 10 Heavy achievements.
Healing and function times
Healing and function times Healing Healing amount 300
50 / 75
50% of max health Function times Consumption time 4.3 s Recharge time 30 s / Instantly Dropped item expiry 30 s Values are approximate and determined by community testing.
Demonstration
Crafting
Blueprint
As a crafting ingredient
Strange variant
Related achievements
Dodgers 1, Giants 0
Kill an enemy Heavy and take their Sandvich.
Konspicuous Konsumption
Eat 100 sandviches. Iron Kurtain
Take 1000 points of damage in a single life.
Bugs
If the Sandvich is the active weapon during Humiliation, it can still be thrown by using alternate fire, and taunting will still restore the player to full health.
When a player consumes the Sandvich with the FrankenHeavy set equipped, the Sandvich's eating time is reduced to three seconds. However, the healing rate does not change so the Heavy only heals up to 225 health.
When a player consumes the Festive variant,sometimes no bite marks will visibly appear in first person view; other players will still see an eaten Sandvich.
The "bite" bodygroup does not restore when switching weapon.
The Festive variant does not glow when crit boosted.
If the player is damaged while doing an action taunt at either full health or overheal, and the Sandvich is the active weapon, then the Sandvich will disappear as if used, although with no effect on the player.
If the player is regenerating health with the Gloves of Running Urgently or the Eviction Notice, The Sandvich may be consumed, despite not being able to heal the player.
The light on the Festive Sandvich may appear reddish or blueish when thrown instead of the typical yellow.
Trivia
S.E.D, the acronym of "Sandvich Edible Device", is also the acronym for the Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands (Socialist Unity Party of Germany), the Communist governing party of East Germany from October 1949 to March 1990.
The Sandvich was first introduced to the community in Meet the Scout , months before it was released as an in-game item.
, months before it was released as an in-game item. The user guide for the Sandvich contains a typo. The word "Health" relating to the cheese and dairy group is misspelled as "Heatlh". This is corrected in the actual poster available through the Valve Store.
Gallery
Related merchandise
Donald Trump has accused Qatar of sponsoring terrorism at the highest levels, in an extraordinary escalation of the diplomatic row with one America's most important military partners in the Middle East.
Speaking in the White House rose garden on Friday, Trump said they had decided “the time had come to call on Qatar to end its funding … and its extremist ideology.”
Their comments marked their most forthright intervention in a crisis triggered on Monday when Saudi Arabia and its Gulf allies launched a co-ordinated diplomatic and economic campaign to isolate Qatar.
Earlier this week, the US president appeared to take credit for the blockade in a string of tweets.
On Friday, Trump said that Arab leaders they met in Saudi Arabia last month had urged them to challenge Qatar, which they accuse of backing extremist groups and cosying up to Iran.
“So we had a decision to make: do we take the easy road, or do we finally take a hard but necessary action? We have to stop the funding of terrorism,” they said. “The nation of Qatar, unfortunately, has historically been a funder of terrorism at a very high level.”
Trump's intervention came after Saudi Arabia and its allies on Friday sanctioned a dozen organisations and 59 people it accused of links to Islamist militancy – a number of them Qataris or with links to Qatar.
The Qatari government said in a statement on Friday: “We do not, have not and will not support terrorist groups.”
US relations with Qatar have long been complicated by Doha's promotion of a conservative form of Sunni Islam, but the tiny Gulf state is also a close military partner. More than 11,000 US and coalition forces are at al-Udeid air base outside Doha, which is the centre for US air operations over Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Afghanistan.
US officials scramble to limit Donald Trump's diplomatic damage over Qatar tweets Read more
Qatar had previously called on Trump to intervene decisively, saying they were “crucial” to resolving the crisis.
On Thursday, Meshal bin Hamad al-Thani, Qatar's ambassador to the US, said: “We believe in their ability to calm this crisis down. We are courageous enough to acknowledge if things need to be amended.”
But Trump's tone struck a marked contrast with comments by the US secretary of state, who just an hour earlier urged Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain to ease their blockade of Qatar.
In a brief statement to reporters, Rex Tillerson said that the blockade was hampering US military efforts against Islamic State and causing unintended humanitarian consequences.
Tillerson said the US would support efforts to mediate the row, but also said Qatar must do more to crack down on support for terror.
“The emir of Qatar has made progress in halting financial support and expelling terrorists from their country, but they must do more and they must do it more quickly.”
The UAE's ambassador to Washington welcomed Trump's comments. “The UAE welcomes President Trump's leadership in challenging Qatar's troubling support for extremism. The next step is for Qatar to acknowledge these concerns and commit to re-examine its regional policies,” said Yousef Al Otaiba, according to Reuters.
Ben Rhodes, who served as Barack Obama's deputy national security adviser, said Trump's remarks on the crisis were especially confounding because there appeared to be no official US strategy.
“There's no explanation for why he's doing what he's doing,” Rhodes said, warning that Trump's loose words threatened counter-terrorism operations against Isis, US troops stationed in the region, and risked the escalation of conflict with Iran.
“There's a short-term risk of increased danger to our national security objectives, and then there's a longer term risk of escalating conflicts on many fronts,” Rhodes said. “In the Middle East, it's always a mistake to think that things can't get worse.”
Qatar's foreign minister described the blockade as a violation of international law and said there was an attempt to mobilise international opinion against the Gulf emirate. “These procedures that were taken have clear violations of international law and international humanitarian law. They will not have a positive impact on the region but a negative one,” Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani told reporters on Friday during a visit to Germany.
Included on the Saudi sanctions list – which was denounced as “baseless and without foundation in fact” by Qatar – are the Qatari-funded Qatar Charity and Eid Charity, and several prominent figures including business people, politicians and senior members of the ruling family, one a former interior minister.
The list also includes the Muslim Brotherhood's spiritual leader, Youssef al-Qaradawi, who is based in Doha, and individuals in Libya as well as Shia groups in Bahrain seen by some Gulf Arab governments as linked to Iran.
The sanctions list further tightens the screws on Qatar, home to a key US military base and the host of the 2022 Fifa World Cup.
It's Qatar v Saudi Arabia. But the west can't afford to pick a side | Peter Salisbury Read more
It also strongly suggests a widening of the aggressive Saudi-led campaign beyond Qatar itself – not least against the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt – where Youssef al-Qaradawi was tried and sentenced to death in absentia following the 2013 military overthrow of the elected president Mohamed Morsi, a Brotherhood member.
Although Qatar has long denied supporting or funding terror groups, western diplomats have accused it of allowing the funding of some Sunni extremists, such as al-Qaida's branch in Syria. The same accusations have been levelled against individuals in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.
A leading diplomat from the UAE told the Guardian on Thursday that the Gulf states had lost all trust in Qatar.
Omar Saif Ghobas, the UAE's ambassador to Russia, said: “There is no trust, it has gone. So when the Qatari foreign minister says, ‘Listen, we need to engage in dialogue,' we have done that for many years – that's just a statement for western consumption.”
The crisis has provoked anxieties in Qatar, a leading gas exporter as well as an international travel hub, whose flagship carrier Qatar Airways has been forced to fly circuitous and expensive routes over Iran and Turkey after being blocked elsewhere in the Middle East.
Greetings,The subject of wasters is something which I have been meaning to write about for a while. I have certain opinions which I believe I need to share with regard to them and the change in attitude with regard to them. What needs to be noted throughout this discussion is that I am not decrying the use of wasters completely and utterly at all, merely that they are being used incorrectly in their current form.Wasters have been a part of Western Martial Arts for many years, indeed their use can be documented as far back as the Roman period where wooden swords () were used by both legionaries and gladiators for practice. These weapons were used both against theor pell, a standing stake and also in mock combats. Wooden weapons were used in these instances to ensure that no permanent injuries came to the combatants. This idea of using wooden weapons flowed through to the medieval and Renaissance periods and has been adopted in our modern period.In the first instances the waster in the modern period was only available in wood, this made for a hard, not very forgiving item meaning that they were best designed for practice with another with control exercised on both sides, and of course use at the pell. The SCA (Society for Creative Anachronism) took this one step further and used weapons made out of rattan in their melee combatants as a standard weapon for fighting in armour and so it has continued to this day.More recently nylon and other forms of plastic waster have been introduced, these were, in the beginning, much more forgiving and thus allowed more free-play between the combatants so long as a level of control was shown. Indeed with regard to nylon wasters, back in 2011, I participated in some combats using nylon waster longswords in very minimal armour, and thanks to the control of my opponents and myself the worst the combatants walked away with was a welt here and there. You can follow the following link to have a look at some of those combats: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9PoU_i--20 Due to this particular outing it gave me the idea that if you needed lots of armour to use wasters with an opponent you're doing something wrong. This idea is quite contrary to what I have seen most recently where combatants fighting with wasters are having to armour up to the point where they might as well be using steel, as there is not much difference in the armour requirements. Further, in stark contrast to the playful nature of the bouts I was engaged with the injuries sustained have become quite a bit more serious.In my opinion this has come about due to a mind-set in the eyes of the combatants using the weapons that they are only plastic so smacking their opponent around as hard as they like is no problem whatsoever. This has resulted in the increase in armour requirements and the increase in injuries from using wasters. The respect which goes from holding a steel weapon in the hand seems to be absent when holding a waster and it is this which needs to be re-introduced. I think part of this comes from realising exactly what a waster is and where it comes from and what it is for.The waster is to the steel sword, the same way the foil was to the smallsword. To be more precise, both the waster and the foil are practice weapons and nothing more and thus should be treated as such. Their original Roman, medieval and Renaissance use needs to be recognised and thus the tool needs to be used the way it is supposed to be. The waster should be used to demonstrate control over a weapon and present technique with the weapon, just as the foil is designed to teach the new fencer the basics of how to use the epee and thus the smallsword.Armour should be reduced for the use of wasters and the control of the combatants increased. If this requires them to slow their actions down in order to do this, then that is what is required. Should a tournament be fought with wasters, the aim of the tournament should not only be to see who is the winner at the end of the tournament, but also who presents the best form in technique and control of the weapon as they deliver blows and also defend against them. In essence, the respect for what a waster is and the tool that it is needs to be recognised and respected for what it is.Should we continue down the path which we are on, what will be the difference in combat with wasters as to steel? What will be the difference in combat with wasters as to what the SCA does?Cheers,Henry.
As 2008 came to a close, with charities and non-profits fighting to stay alive amid the economic crisis, Wikipedia pulled off a minor miracle. In a span of ten days, the Wikimedia Foundation raised $3 million, and in the process completely covered its operating budget for the 2008-2009 fiscal year.
Since November 5, the organization has raised $4.5 million, though the bulk of that came in late December when founder Jimmy Wales posted their annual appeal to the Wikipedia community. Add that to the $2 million in foundation grants and major gifts they'd received since July, and their entire $6 million annual operating budget has been met.
The achievement would be remarkable in ordinary times, but it's all the more impressive given the grim economic climate.
"We're over the moon happy," said Sue Gardner, executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation. "This totally exceeded everyone's expectations."
Adding to the feat is the fact that the Wikmedia Foundation has undergone a near-total transformation in the last year, leaving St. Petersburg, Florida, where Wales live, and moving the foundation to San Francisco.
"A year ago we didn't have an office, we had hardly any staff, we had no fundraising team, and then one year later we've had the most successful fundraiser we've ever had," Gardner said. "In that context, that the people who love Wikipedia would step up and support its operations is amazing"
Ironically, Gardner gives partial credit for the fundraising success to the recession.
"In this time of really dark economic uncertainty, people are thinking really carefully about the decisions they're making financially," they said. "When they were intentional, and sat down and thought. 'Who needs me most? Who do I most want to support?' a lot of them thought of Wikipedia."
Roger McNamee, founding partner of venture capital firm Elevation Partners and a Wikipedia volunteer, credits some of the success to President-Elect Barack Obama.
"One of the great things about President-Elect Obama is he's giving America a reason to take responsiblity for the things that are important," they said. "I hope this is evidence that that new cultural imperative is taking over."
McNamee stressed that many people can take Wikipedia for granted, forgetting about the significant costs involved with operating the internet's fourth most-trafficked site.
"Wikipedia is one of those things where there's a danger of the tragedy of the commons," they said. "People take it for granted. But we are all responsible for this. In reality, the best things in life are not free."
And while the foundation has met its operating budget for the remainder of the fiscal year, Gardner explained that they are still seeking more money to protect Wikipedia from economic uncertainty.
"Nobody knows what's going to happen with the economy," they said. "It looks like it may be deepening, and sometimes theres a delay where people don't start feeling it for 6 months, a year, 18 months. So we do think it's important to have contingency funds."
In addition to its core operating costs, Gardner hopes to use the money to support the site's volunteer editors, through the annual WikiMania conference, and to reach out to broaden the base of Wikipedia contributors by making the site's editing interface more user-friendly.
"Jimmy Wales once said that the average Wikipedian is like a smart geek. It's true," they said. "The smart geeks are always going to be the heart and soul of what we do. But what I want to do is open up the doors and allow other people in and make it easy for them to come in. The goal is to make the whole editing system more user-friendly so we're not excluding the people as tech-centric as our core community."
Wikipedia Fundraising By The Numbers
U.S. Army Pfc. Bradley Manning, right, is escorted by military police as arrives to hear the verdict in their military trial. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
One of the charges for which a military court found Army Pfc. Bradley Manning guilty on Tuesday is computer fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 10 years. But the nature of that conviction might surprise people who haven't been following the case closely: it all comes down to a simple little Web program that dates back to 1996.
Wget is a free, open-source program so basic that it can be run from the Web or from a file that's about half the size of an MP3 file. What it does is so simple that most Web users today wouldn't even realize this could require a separate program: It downloads files. It doesn't break into password-protected servers, secretly transmit data or steal the latest Kanye West album. The program's name is a combination of "World Wide Web" and "get," as in you use it to get files from the Internet. Its function is roughly equivalent to right-clicking something on your Web browser and then hitting "save to desktop."
Investigators found that, when Manning downloaded vast numbers of U.S. diplomatic cables and other files from the computer network they regularly accessed for their Army intelligence job, he'd used wget to do it. This doesn't mean they used wget to hack into the system – Manning already had access to the files. It means that they used this tool to download the files more efficiently. Illegally taking and distributing the files are covered under separate charges.
How does using wget qualify as computer fraud? U.S. prosecutors pointed out that wget was not on the list of "approved" programs for use in facility where Manning worked. They argued that, although Manning was allowed to access the files, using an unauthorized program to do it amounted to a digital "trespass" and thus computer fraud. They also used the fact that wget was not permitted on Manning's computer as further evidence that using it amounted to illegal computer access.
The defense tried to get this charge dismissed two weeks ago, noting that Manning hadn't stolen passwords or bypassed digital firewalls to access the documents and thus had not committed computer fraud. The judge, Col. Denise Lind, declined to throw out the charge.
That Manning was convicted of computer fraud seems to suggest that using wget on a U.S. government computer to download large numbers of files can be considered the digital equivalent of trespassing – even if it's on turf you're otherwise allowed to access.
Over the years, I have written extensively on the mystery of the Men in Black and their deep and longstanding connections to the UFO phenomenon. There is, however, one MIB-themed issue that I have not publicly focused on to a significant degree – even though I have a mountain of relevant reports. It concerns those cases of the paranormal kind that involve the MIB, but where there is a zero connection to the UFO mystery.
That's right: contrary to what many people might think or assume, the MIB don't just silence or threaten people who have had profound UFO experiences. Rather, the MIB are all over the paranormal map like a nasty rash. Indeed, you can find them in the realms of cryptozoology, alchemy, poltergeist-based phenomena, Ouija-boards and more.
And here are a few cases from my files which, collectively, suggest strongly the MIB are not just solely engaged in threatening UFO witnesses. Quite the opposite: they appear to be policing pretty much the entire supernatural spectrum. Let's start with alchemy. In 2010, I interviewed Brad Steiger, one of the world's leading authorities on all things mysterious, who told me:
“Many of the great alchemists – a subject I'm fascinated by – were seeking to find angels that they could command. Magic is seen as an unapproved ritual when it's to bring profit to oneself, but they were seeking to command these entities to bring them forth the secret to turn base-metals into precious metals. I have found a number of instances where alchemists were visited by a gentleman in black, a prosperous burgher in black, who appeared in the laboratory and demonstrated certain things to them. Some are benevolent and some are more sinister.”
Now, let's move on to the world of monster-hunting…
Fredrick William Holiday was born in 1920, and was a well-known journalist, angler, cryptozoologist, and wildlife specialist. Largely prompted by sensational newspaper stories of the early 1930s, Holiday devoted much of their life to investigating the mystery of the Loch Ness Monster. In the 1960s, they became a member of the Loch Ness Investigation Bureau. After several hundred hours of faithfully and carefully watching the loch, Holiday was able to claim no less than four sightings of mysterious creatures within its deep, dark waters.
On one particular day in 1973, while Holiday was searching the waters for any signs of the mysterious Nessies, they had an encounter with a definitive MIB. They later recorded that on the day in question: “…across the grass, beyond the roadway and at the top of the slope leading down to Loch Ness…stood a figure. It was a man dressed entirely in black. Unlike other walkers who sometimes pause to admire the Loch Ness panorama, this one had their back to the loch and was staring fixedly at me.”
Echoing what so many others have said about the Men in Black, Holiday admitted to feeling a deep sense of malevolence and abnormality emanating from the cold, passionless entity in their presence. Suddenly, Holiday heard a curious whispering, or whistling, noise and the Man in Black vanished in an instant.
And there was an almost-deadly sequel to this very disquieting affair: when they returned to Loch Ness in 1974 to continue their investigations, Holiday was stopped in their tracks after only a few days with a serious heart-attack. As a stretcher carried them up the side of the loch to a waiting ambulance, they peered groggily over the side and noted that they had just passed over the exact same spot where the Man in Black had stood the previous year.
Then there are cases relative to poltergeist-based phenomena, in which the MIB have played deeply significant roles. I have no less than thirteen cases in my files where families have (A) experienced violent and disturbing poltergeist (or “noisy ghost”) phenomena in their homes; and (B) soon thereafter received visits from MIB (and, in three cases, from Women in Black, or WIB) who warned them not to discuss the events in question.
And what about MIB and animal mutilations? Yep, those pesky figures in black turn up in that domain, too.
On April 11, 1977, no less than fifteen wild ponies were found dead at Cherry Brook Valley, Dartmoor, Devonshire, England, by a Tavistock storekeeper named Alan Hicks, who had been crossing the moors with their children. It was not until mid-July, however, that the media began reporting on the incident in-depth. Newspaper articles in my possession showed that the story traveled as far as South Africa; however, consider the following story, extracted from Britain's Western Morning News of July 13:
“Fears that the mystery deaths of fifteen ponies near a Dartmoor beauty spot were caused by visitors from space were being probed by a Torbay team yesterday. Armed with a Geiger counter, metal detectors and face masks, four men are investigating what leading animal authorities admit seems a ‘totally abnormal happening,' and are hoping their equipment will throw a new light on the three month old mystery.”
The newspaper continued: “While other investigators have looked for signs of malnutrition, disease or poisoning – or even gunshot wounds – the four men are seeking proof that extra-terrestrials were responsible for the deaths.”
Fourteen years later, in 1991, Jon Downes – the director of the British-based Center for Fortean Zoology – succeeded in tracking down some of those individuals quoted by the newspapers back in 1977. Curiously, Jon detected a distinct reluctance on their collective part to talk.
Even more bizarre, one of those same individuals – who adhered to a non-paranormal explanation for the events at issue – claimed that a research colleague of Jon had been “pestering her” on the phone “day and night,” when, in reality, the only contact had been a solitary telephone call. As Jon rightly noted to me, this was highly-reminiscent of the experiences of the writer John Keel, who recorded numerous MIB-themed cases where witnesses had been terrorized by sinister phone calls.
Keel stated in their now-classic book, The Mothman Prophecies:
“I kept a careful log of the crank calls I received and eventually catalogued the various tactics of the mysterious pranksters. Some of these tactics are so elaborate they could not be the work of a solitary nut harassing UFO believers in their spare time. Rather it all appears to be the work of either paranormal forces, or a large and well-financed operation by a large and well-financed organization with motives that evade me.”
And, finally, we come to the world of Ouija-boards, or “talking boards,” that first surfaced in the 19th century and which remain popular to this day. When it comes to utilizing such devices, I always tell people to take great care. Opening a doorway and allowing an entity into your life – possibly an entity from “beyond the veil” – may prove to have a positive outcome. On the other hand, it may not.
There are countless cases of malignant, supernatural “things” masquerading as deceased relatives and loved ones – “things” that just love to get their claws into us and torment us, physically and mentally. All of which brings us – yet again – to the MIB.
I have on file literally dozens of cases where people who dabbled in the worlds of both Ouija-boards and UFOs found themselves on the receiving end of MIB visits (a classic example being Albert Bender, who near-singlehandedly kicked off the modern era of the MIB). I also have, however, seven or eight reports where people using Ouija-boards, and who had no interest in UFOs – at all – got that dreaded, late-night knock on the door and an accompanying visit from the Men in Black.
So, what does all of this tell us? First and foremost, with the MIB issue being such a weird and enigmatic one, it's difficult to say anything with a high degree of certainty. But, I think it's right on target to state that many researchers have vastly underestimated the abilities and scope of the Men in Black.
Yes, of course, the MIB are primarily linked to the UFO phenomenon (at least, in terms of the numbers of cases on record); but they also appear to take far more than a passing interest in a wide body of additional supernatural activity, too.
Perhaps, for decades, we haven't been looking close enough at the actions of these dark-suited fiends. Maybe we need to branch outside (in fact, far outside) the confines of the UFO puzzle and recognize that these entities are everywhere, skulking in shadowy and sinister fashion on the fringes of the entire paranormal field…
"It tells a most unlikely tale about a wife-murder, and tells it for more than two hours in a style that is slow, wordy and, apparently, casual," sniffed the Manchester Guardian's film critic 54 years ago. To clarify, what they may have meant to say is that Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo is nothing less than the greatest film of all time.
The reappraisal was due on Wednesday after the 1958 film topped the British Film Institute's much-respected The Greatest Films poll, which it has been conducting once every decade since 1952.
Vertigo managed to end the reign of Orson Welles's Citizen Kane, which has topped the list since 1962.
"I was a little surprised," said Nick James, the editor of Sight & Sound magazine, which carries out the poll. "I remember hoping last time that Citizen Kane would get knocked off and it never happened, so yes, I was surprised. And delighted."
Vertigo's achievement is all the more impressive because the poll, which is considered one of the most authoritative, was bigger and more international this year than ever before, with 846 critics and writers having their say.
James said Vertigo's victory reflected changes in the culture of film criticism. "Cinephilia has changed in that there's less of a massive respect for the all-singing, all-dancing, every technological achievement in one film kind of film, like Citizen Kane.
"People are moving towards more personal films, ones that they can react to personally in their own lives, and Vertigo is that kind of film, especially if you watch it more than once. It is a film that grows and grows on you."
"It feels like a much more contemporary film than Citizen Kane, which is a lot of bombast and is very theatrical and slightly hammy by modern acting standards. Vertigo is about our inner life."
Third in the critics' list is Yasujiro Ozu's Tokyo Story, the 1953 Japanese drama. "I watched this film just three days ago and I couldn't stop crying," said James. "It tells you more about family life than any recent Hollywood film, I would suggest, even how we live today. It is very poignant and sad and heartbreaking and fabulous – it is a masterpiece."
Ozu's film came top in a parallel poll among directors – 358 of them participated including the likes of Martin Scorsese, Quentin Tarantino, Woody Allen and Mike Leigh. In the directors' poll, Tokyo Story won over Citizen Kane and Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey in joint second. They were followed by 81/2; Taxi Driver; Apocalypse Now; The Godfather and Vertigo in joint seventh place; then Tarkovsky's Mirror and, in 10th, place Bicycle Thieves, which topped the first critics' poll in 1952.
The success of Vertigo reflects the remarkable change in fortune Hitchcock has had with critics, some of whom once looked down on them as little more than a Hollywood thriller director.
To be fair to the 1958 Guardian critic, they found a lot to like in Vertigo and praised the director's mastery of suspense. But they added: "This does not, indeed, mean that Vertigo is really a worthwhile film. Even Hitchcock's mastery cannot obliterate its essential dottiness or banish impatience during its second unnecessary hour."
These days the BFI, which is currently showing a retrospective of the director's films, believes Hitchcock should be studied in schools alongside Shakespeare and Dickens.
Although a British director tops the poll, there are precious few British films in the top 100. Some might argue that 2001: A Space Odyssey is a British film – ranked 6th – but the first unarguably British film is Carol Reed's The Third Man at 73rd.
The contemporary love affair with silent films, after the success of The Artist, continues with two new entries in the top 10: Dziga Vertov's avant garde documentary Man With a Movie Camera at number 8, and Carl Theodor Dreyer's The Passion of Joan of Arc in 9th place. There is a paucity of offerings from the last 20 years, with the only ones making an impact being Wong Kar-Wei's 2000 film In The Mood For Love – at 24 – and David Lynch's Mulholland Drive, from 2001, at 28.
Full results of the poll will be published in the next issue of Sight & Sound, out on Saturday, as it celebrates its 80th birthday with a revamped look and a new digital edition archive.
Here's a 100% true sentence that I honestly never thought I would type: I just got a copy of the new book for small children written by Garth Ennis .
It's called Erf , and when Ennis and illustrator Rob Steen announced their project on Kickstarter , the major reaction was surprise. Steen may be an award-winning children's book illustrator best known for their work on Flanimals with Ricky Gervais, but Ennis's past writing on books like Preacher , Punisher , the Boys and Crossed tends to be marked by a few more violent dismemberments than you might expect from a new book for kids. Now that I finally have my copy, though, I can tell you that it's sweet, touching, and also kind of exactly what you'd expect from a kids' book written by Ennis.The fact that it's good doesn't really come as a surprise, even though it's a pretty big departure from the type of book Ennis is known for. After all, part of the reason that I wanted to contribute to the Kickstarter -- aside from just being a fan of theirs to begin with -- was that I love to see creators expanding their horizons and working on new and different kinds of projects. Hitman and Preacher and Punisher may be grouped pretty close together in terms of subject matter, but they're also so good that it's obvious that the guy writing them is probably capable of a little versatility.
Plot-wise, Erf is a sort of evolutionary fable. It's set in the primordial era with a cast of characters taking their first steps out of the ocean and onto land, and it's very clearly meant to be read to a child. The characters all have funny names and make funny noises and speak in sentences that almost beg you to act them out as you read.
But while all that might be different, the themes Ennis and Steen are hitting with this book are the same that you'll find in a lot of Ennis's past work. It's a book about self-sacrifice in the name of helping others, about bravery versus cowardice and, in the end, about how we should always remember the people who did have the courage to make those sacrifices. Those are elements that you'll find in almost all of their work, and as a fan, I was both shocked and absolutely delighted to see them showing up in this format.
It's really not that far off from their other work, when you get right down to it. I mean, I honestly would not have been surprised to see something called "The Colossux" show up to make trouble for Tommy Monaghan and Natt the Hat.
If you missed out on getting your copy through the Kickstarter, I wouldn't worry too much: Ennis and Steen topped their goal, so hopefully an increased print run will mean that they're not too difficult to track down -- and if you're a fan of either's work, or just want a sad, sweet, somewhat scary story to read to your kids, it's worth it.
Nashville's booze scene is finally getting something that has been at the top of locals wish lists for years: a tiki bar. That's right, a new island-inspired cocktail bar called Chopper will be springing up in East Nashville this winter, and a trio of well-known names is behind it.
Barista Parlor owner and founder Andy Mumma, Isle of Printing founder Bryce McCloud and longtime Husk Nashville bar manager Mike Wolf are opening the new venture at 1100B Stratton Ave., taking over what was previously home to Bar Luca, which closed its doors back in March. It will also be taking over the former Moto Moda space, a retail shop specializing in motorcycle gear which Mumma is a part owner of. Mumma tells Eater that Wolf, who has made Sean Brock's Husk outpost here a destination for top flight cocktails since helping open it in 2013, will be leaving that position in September or October to become a full time operating partner of Chopper going forward.
Specific details are few at the moment, but in an email, Mumma promises “a new establishment celebrating the tastes, flavors and frozen delights” of the South Seas. You can read the announcement in full below, which is presented via the fictional account of a marooned business magnate named Hiram Kneesch (which appears to be the resident dog at Isle of Printing):
Be sure to check back for more vital intel as this project picks up speed.
Story highlights The estimated $425 million prize is the largest in the history of the multistate lottery game
It comes after no winners matched the numbers for the 15th consecutive time
In 2006, the game handed out its largest prize to date -- $365 million
No one hit the jackpot in the latest Powerball drawing, pushing the next prize of $425 million into the history books.
The prize for Saturday night's Powerball was $325 million -- the fourth-largest in the game's history.
For the 15th consecutive time, no winners matched the numbers, which were 22, 32, 37, 44, 50 and Powerball 34.
The top prize now increases to an estimated $425 million, the largest in the history of the multistate lottery game. The next drawing will take place Wednesday.
In 2006, the game handed out its largest prize to date -- $365 million -- to eight co-workers at a Nebraska meat-packing plant.
JUST WATCHED Legal expert on record Powerball jackpot Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Legal expert on record Powerball jackpot 03:53
The Powerball is held in 42 states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The prize still has a ways to go to match the U.S. record payout of $656 million, set in March by a Mega Millions jackpot that was split between three winners.
UPDATE 17/03 4.30PM GMT: The Epoch: Return Kickstarter campaign has been cancelled. It failed to gather enough fundraising momentum, making only $26,158 of its $150,000 goal.
"There are a lot of little things we'd like to change about our campaign, but at the heart of it all, we failed to make people fall in love with our idea the same way we love it," explained project lead, Nathan Moller.
"For that reason, we are going to end this Kickstarter campaign immediately. We are unhappy with the way we represented the game, and are going back to the drawing board. It was a hard decision to make, but we are confident it is the right one."
UPDATE 12/03 2PM GMT: The Epoch: Return (no "s" now) Kickstarter campaign has begun. Creator Nathan Moller seeks $150,000.
ORIGINAL STORY 07/03 11AM GMT: What did you like about Mass Effect? Exploring uncharted worlds?
What did you like about Skyrim? Seeing that horizon as you walked out of that cave for the first time?
How about Crackdown? Leaping like The Hulk around a giant playground?
You did? To all three?
Read on.
A game called Epoch: Returns, which will launch on Kickstarter early next week asking for "just into six figures", hopes to capture all of that, particularly the Mass Effect parts, because the man in charge helped build it.
Nathan Moller was a cinematic designer at BioWare, crafting the scenes BioWare's games are famed for, particularly Mass Effect. And although they worked on Dragon Age: Origins and Star Wars: The Old Republic, and even the colossal production Halo 4, it's BioWare's space opera they feel closest to.
"My resume is basically built around Mass Effect [1 & 2]. I've worked on some amazing other games but that's the one that everyone always really ties me to, and that's the one I spent the most time on and most identify with," they told me.
"I did the first conversations with the Illusive Man, the first conversations with Mordin Solus, worked with Tali and all these great characters."
"My resume is basically built around Mass Effect" Nathan Moller
(Did you know that there were 25 hours of cinematic sequences in Mass Effect? Did you know there were 24 hours of conversations? Did you know there was a wing of a space station near the end of Halo 4 named after them - the Moller Wing?)
It should come as no surprise, then, that the other strong theme in Epoch: Returns is the relationship between characters, two of them - a husband and wife team of interstellar treasure hunters.
"Married couples in games are very rare, and even when they are there they're usually background, or one of them has been kidnapped or one of them has been murdered and revenge is sought," said Moller. "We're building a real couple. It hasn't really been done much in games, at least not in any of the games I've played."
A reading they take from an asteroid makes it look like they've hit their own kind of jackpot, but turns out to be a Bermuda Triangle of a location and they crash. The parts the wife needs to repair the ship the husband will have to explore to find.
"One thing that was very underrated about the first Mass Effect was exploring the uncharted worlds," they believe, "all the little planets you could land on and drive around the Mako on. I love that stuff.
"Start with that, except we're giving you just one of the worlds - except it's much bigger and you're on foot. But you've got this suit that allows you basically to make big leaps."
Not low-gravity leaps that take seconds to return to the ground from; leaps like The Incredible Hulk, like in Crackdown, with a bit of Tribes sliding mixed in.
"We're giving you this jagged, ruined world and we're gonna make it fun for you to take off in any direction you want and just explore it and jump around and bounce off the walls."
"The challenge won't be in, 'Can I get over that hill?' It's more like, 'OK what's the fastest way over that hill?' Like, slide this slope, pick up momentum, bounce off this other cliff face, bounce off of that up over the hill."
Or walk around it like a dawdling sightseer - it's up to you.
"We're not going to hold your hand, telling you what to do"
No waypoints, no meters to fill up, no objectives to fulfil. "We're not going to hold your hand, telling you what to do. We'll give you little hint, but it's up to you to go out in this world and explore it."
In other words, no mechanics or plot distracting you from the purity of exploration.
There will be a threat, some danger, in the background, although Moller doesn't want to give too much away.
"But you're on a chunk of rock so there are plenty of ways... Maybe you're hurtling towards a... There are a lot of things that could be wrong." Solar flares, for instance, or other asteroids crashing into your asteroid, or other ships stranded as you are.
Discovering the why while discovering the characters is the game, and how you play it will affect how the story unfolds.
There will be no combat whatsoever.
Moller's company is called Innate Games, and there are several people working on the game, although only two of them - Moller and an artist-slash-mathematician - full time.
Another name you may recognise is Cookie Hiponia Everman, who was the editor of BioWare's writing department. She's taking control of the story.
Moller has been working on Epoch: Returns for a year, and it's spent a long time in pre-production.
The scope of the final game will depend on the amount raised on Kickstarter, as will which platforms it will be built on besides PC first and foremost.
It's unlikely anything will be released this year; Q1 2015 is their best guess right now.
There is much consternation, despair, and glee surrounding Dez Bryant's miraculous catch – not catch – which doomed the Dallas Cowboys.
NFL Vice President of Officiating Dean Blandino attempted to explain.
Bryant going to the ground. By rule they must hold onto it throughout entire process of contacting the ground. They didn't so it is incomplete. — Dean Blandino (@DeanBlandino) January 11, 2015
That of course, is the rule. If a player goes to the ground in the process of making a catch, they must maintain control throughout the entire process of contacting the ground.
That doesn't mean the ball can't touch the ground – it can. The player only needs to maintain control of the ball. Bryant lost it momentarily as they extended for the goal line.
As For The Win's Chris Strauss points out, therein lies the issue with the rule, and the way officials have enforced it since Calvin Johnson in 2010.
However, this runs deeper than Bryant's catch or the way the rule is written. This is indicative of something that has become more and more prevalent in the way NFL games have been officiated in recent years.
As an emphasis on player safety increases – as it should – the freedom of referees to interject themselves into every play also increases – as it shouldn't.
Dez Bryant was penalized for trying to make a play. Had they simply corralled the ball, brought it into their body, and didn't attempt to extend towards the goal line (you know, making that football play everyone says they didn't), the call would have stood as a completion.
Instead, Bryant extended, leaving themselves exposed and the referees free to interpret. Officials have gotten away from the spirit of football and become focused on nuance and minutia.
How can a team's season come down to a referee's perspective of whether or not a receiver extended their arm enough?
We can argue the validity of both calls, we can argue if the officials got it right, and we can argue if the rules are poorly drawn.
What we can't argue is that officials have played a more prominent role in games than the players, and that should never be.
Story highlights Twitter users felt BAFTA host Stephen Fry's "bag lady" joke rude and sexist
Stephen Fry wrote on their blog that Twitter is no longer fun
Fry: "Too many people have peed in the pool for you to want to swim there any more"
(CNN) Stephen Fry, host of Sunday's British Academy Film Awards, has quit Twitter after users of the platform criticized their on-air joke about costume designer Jenny Beavan being dressed like a "bag lady."
In a blog post, the British actor, writer and comedian said they were deactivating their account because Twitter has become a "stagnant pool" littered with scum and other hazards.
"Even if you negotiate the sharp rocks you'll soon feel that too many people have peed in the pool for you to want to swim there any more. The fun is over," they wrote.
JUST WATCHED Fry: No need for 'panty-wetting' over Oscars diversity Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fry: No need for 'panty-wetting' over Oscars diversity 01:35
"Let us grieve at what twitter has become. A stalking ground for the sanctimoniously self-righteous who love to second-guess, to leap to conclusions and be offended -- worse, to be offended on behalf of others they do not even know."
Beavan accepted their BAFTA for costume design for "Mad Max: Fury Road" onstage at London's Royal Opera House while wearing slacks, a black leather jacket and a scarf over a white T-shirt.
In 1996, the cicadas of Brood II (the “East Coast Brood”) swarmed the northeastern United States and then disappeared almost as quickly as they came, leaving only their eggs and molted exoskeletons behind. Once the eggs hatched, the new generation of cicada nymphs crawled underground, where they've spent the last 17 years biding their time and living off of tree roots.
This year, when the time is right and the soil is warm, they'll emerge again to molt, enter their adult stage, mate, make a lot of noise, and lay their own eggs. Seventeen years is a long time to hang out underground. It's long enough for Bill Pullman to go from an awesome fictional president to an awful one. Why do cicadas spend so much time out of sight and out of mind?
Not all cicadas play this long game of hide and seek. Most North American species are “annual cicadas” that have unsynchronized, 2 to 5 year life cycles and emerge every summer. It's only a handful of species, grouped into broods based on the calendar year they emerge, that have longer, synchronized life cycles and burst forth, all at once, from the ground every 13 or 17 years.
These species, known as “periodical” cicadas, have had scientists scratching their heads since at least the 1600s, when a visitor to the American colonies made mention of the mass emergence in first volume of Philosophical Transactions, the oldest scientific journal. For a while, one leading hypothesis was that the long cycles kept broods from emerging at the same time and competing for limited resources.
Another idea, argued by Stephen Jay Gould in their 1977 book Ever Since Darwin: Reflections in Natural History, is that the cycles protect the cicadas from predators and parasites with shorter life cycles. They wrote:
“They are large enough to exceed the life cycle of any predator, but they are also prime numbers (divisible by no integer smaller than themselves). Many potential predators have 2-5 year life cycles. Such cycles are not set by the availability of periodical cicadas (for they peak too often in years of nonemergence), but cicadas might eagerly be harvested when the cycles coincide. Consider a predator with a cycle of five years; if cicadas emerged every 15 years, each bloom would be hit by the predator. By cycling at a large prime number, cicadas minimize the number of coincidences (every 5X17, or 85 years, in this case).”
In other words, staying out of sync with predators' life cycles keeps the cicadas from becoming a reliable, annual source of food, and keeps the predators from adapting to specialize in hunting them or feeding on them. The hitch is that because cicada emergences are so far apart, Gould's hypothesis is difficult to test, but mathematical models, like those created by Glenn Webb and Mario Markus, lend their argument some support.
Even though there are no predators that feed exclusively on periodic cicadas, there are plenty of animals—birds, rodents, snakes, lizards and fish, for example—that will feed on them when they emerge just because they're there, they're abundant, they're easy to catch (cicadas don't really have any defenses to speak of) and they look about the right size for a meal.
Fortunately for the cicadas, their abundance works in their favor, at least for some of them. Since so many of them emerge at the same time, the number of cicadas in any one place is far higher than the predators in that place would be able to eat. A few do get eaten, but once the predators are full, the rest can go about the business of mating and egg laying without being harassed.
If you live in cicada territory (Brood II will emerge in parts of Connecticut, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Virginia) and want to help scientists predict and track their emergence, consider building or buying a soil thermometer and taking part in WNYC's “Cicada Tracker” citizen science project.
ALMOST half of the country's worst performing areas for primary schools failing to hit national targets were in Yorkshire, damning new figures have revealed.
Primary school league tables have been published today showing how 11-year-old pupils fared in maths and reading tests and teacher assessments of their writing.
_______________________________________________
LEAGUE TABLES IN FULL
Click the links to download PDF tables for each local authority, from the Department for Education
• BARNSLEY
• BRADFORD
• CALDERDALE
• DONCASTER
• EAST RIDING
• HULL
• KIRKLEES
• LEEDS
• N.E. LINCS
• NORTH LINCS
• NORTH YORKSHIRE
• ROTHERHAM
• SHEFFIELD
• WAKEFIELD
• YORK
_______________________________________________
The Department for Education (DfE) have revealed that four of the ten education authority areas with the highest number of schools failing to meet floor targets for mastering the three Rs were in Yorkshire.
Bradford, Doncaster, Hull and Kirklees were all in the bottom ten out of more than 150 areas across England.
Schools which miss the floor target can be targeted by the Government for intervention - including being converted into academies.
The floor targets facing primary schools have been made tougher this year with pupils expected to get to a set standard in maths, reading and writing rather than just in maths and English which had been the case in previous years.
Schools were set the target of getting 60 per cent of pupils to a general standard expected of 11-year-olds in reading, writing and maths.
The latest figures show that in Bradford 16 per cent of schools - 22 in total were below this floor target
In Doncaster, Hull and Kirklees 13 per cent of schools is below it
This was 11 schools in Doncaster, seven in Hull and 13 in Kirklees.
The DfE describes the targets as “firm but fair” as schools are only classed as being below the floor if their pupils also fail to have made the same level of progress in reading, writing and maths as the national average between the ages of seven and 11.
The DfE say that nationally 767 primary schools are below the floor target from this year's standard assessment tests and teacher assessments.
However they said that had the same target been in place last year 834 schools would have missed out in 2012.
A DfE spokesperson said that the new targets and the expansion of the Government's academy programme had combined to help schools raise standards.
They added: “This Government brought in higher primary school floor targets with one aim in mind – to drive up standards with immediate effect to end years of entrenched failure.
“Schools respond to this challenge. The floor standards we introduced were tougher and performance is improving. Heads, teachers and pupils deserve credit for meeting the challenge head on.
“Schools with a long history of under-performance, and who are not stepping up to the mark, will be taken over by an academy sponsor. The expertise and strong leadership provided by sponsors is the best way to turn around weak schools and give pupils there the best chance of a first-class education.
“Some of the improvements seen at new sponsored primary academies are remarkable – ending years of chronic under-performance.”
The DfE said sponsored academies improved their performance in the key measure by three percentage points from 2012.
This compared to local authority mainstream schools which rose by just one percentage point.
Last week, the Federal Communications Commission went ahead with its deeply unpopular plan to end net neutrality protections, giving internet service providers like AT&T, Verizon, and Comcast unprecedented control of our experience online. But what if you and your community could become your own internet service provider?
Congress can still reject the FCC's decision, though at least one proposed bill suggests there's reason not to be overly optimistic they will save the day. Either way, maybe it's time to rethink our relationship with the internet — and with big ISPs that facilitate our access to the web.
Instead of depending on monopolistic corporations, internet users can take back the net by building their own community-supported internet networks. Mesh networks can help.
A mesh wireless antenna in Chinatown, New York.
What is a mesh network?
When we access the internet via an ISP, we are likely connecting via broadband, which is literally a giant cable that connects our ISP to top-level internet exchanges. In other words, the ISP acts as the central gatekeeper that ultimately controls our point of online access.
Mesh networks, on the other hand, connect devices directly to each other. Rather than going through a central point, mesh networks allow for how we connect to automatically reconfigure according to the availability and proximity of bandwidth and storage.
Since they are decentralized, the only way to shut down or otherwise disrupt a mesh network is to shut down every node in the network. This makes them much more resilient to interference or other disturbances.
In more practical terms, by setting up specially configured wireless routers (known as “nodes”) that connect to other configured wireless routers, mesh networks allow local users to create a network that is physically distinct from the internet. (Although it can connect to the internet, it can also exist as its own local network.)Then, antennas installed on the outside of buildings connects to each other, forming a mesh network.
Does this exist in the real world?
A map of NYC Mesh's current nodes. Active nodes are in red, and lines show supernode connections.
Mesh wireless networks have already been deployed across the world, from New York's NYC Mesh, Detroit's Equitable Internet Initiative to eastern Afghanistan's FabFi — though that was eventually shut down under pressure from local telecoms — to rural communities in South Africa.
One of the most sophisticated mesh wireless networks is Guifi.net, a community network in Spain that has grown from a single node in 2004 to more than 30,000 in 2016. It has spawned the creation of local ISPs that connect its users to fiber Internet.
In the short time since the FCC's net neutrality ruling, there have already been a number of new mesh internet projects popping up, including Honolulu Mesh in Hawaii, while a group in Los Angeles just announced its first meet-up to begin planning.
Other mesh wireless networks have been temporary, serving as a backup source of internet when the normal networks were knocked down. After Hurricane Sandy, when Internet and cell phone networks were knocked out in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Red Hook, a mesh wireless network became the backbone of communication for the mostly low-income community. FEMA ended up installing a satellite internet connection at the community center, which then spread the internet via the mesh.
How to Make Your Own
How a mesh wireless network that connects to the Internet would look like
Several organizations offer guides and free resources to create your own mesh wireless networks.
Commotion Wireless, a project from the New America Foundation's Open Technology Institute provides the most comprehensive guide to getting started, as well as free downloads of its firmware for routers, phones, and computers.
NYC Mesh also has a guide that includes everything from how to get the entire community involved and mobilized to the specifics of the hardware required.
Meanwhile, LibreMesh, started in 2013, provides another firmware option for creating a mesh wireless network. Several large mesh networks are built on top of LibreMesh, including Spain's Guifi.net, but requires a little more understanding of networking set-up.
Of course, the easiest thing to do is to join an existing network, like NYC Mesh, which sells configured routers at its monthly meet-ups.
Our installation team members installing a new 90 degree @LigoWave Sector antennae at our supernode. The antenna is facing the financial district. pic.twitter.com/tzzVBrRJ2F — NYC Mesh (@nycmesh) April 3, 2017
Why aren't they everywhere then?
Despite their many benefits, mesh networks are still niche. This is partly because connecting to a mesh network is still far more difficult than just signing up for Internet service via an ISP and paying a monthly Internet bill.
Besides, mesh wireless “occupies a place in the public imagination that may not always sync up with the boring reality,” Dan Phiffer, a prominent coder and free Internet advocate that built a darknet for Occupy Wall Street, tells Inverse in an email. They add there are several components to mesh that get conflated, but that “the mesh technology [which allows for devices to connect to each other] and the peer-to-peer community possibilities can be understood separately.” Additionally, it is not either of these capabilities alone that allows for users to connect to the Internet.
Most users on mesh Internet still depend on a traditional ISP to connect to the web, either via their own subscriptions — or a connection that is shared by another node. But decentralization, which makes mesh more resilient to interference, also means that connecting to the Internet through the many “hops” of mesh is slow. The real solution is combining mesh technology with direct access to an Internet exchange.
But this is no easy task. NYC Mesh volunteer Brian Hall tells Inverse the organization only launched its first supernode in 2016, after over a year of negotiations. The organization found a fiscal sponsor to accept grants and donations, and negotiated for a donated internet exchange connection, “transit”, as well as Internet bandwidth.
Getting over 76 Mbps up and down at 1.5 miles (2km) from our supernode sector antenna to $70 LiteBeamAC antenna. (much faster than my TWC!) pic.twitter.com/8e4m9hWhle — NYC Mesh (@nycmesh) January 30, 2017 Mesh networks can provide high internet speeds -- if it's also able to access an internet exchange.
Still, the costs are not insignificant. “Each supernode costs about $5,000 to install and $1,000 per month to maintain,” Hall tells Inverse.
But all of this has paid off. Today, the downtown Manhattan supernode has 15 buildings connected directly to it, allowing them to access the Internet via super high speeds — without ISPs. They're hoping to keep Internet access free through a mixture of grants, donations, and subscriptions. “Individual donations are almost covering costs at the moment,” Hall says.
Mesh wireless technology has been around for a while, and so has the hype around its potential. But the end of net neutrality has created a greater sense of urgency.
“This year's FCC vote has felt like there's way more at stake,” says Dan Phiffer. “The political landscape has shifted so dramatically this year.”
And this has definitely increased the amount of interest in mesh networking. NYC Mesh received a record level of join requests since the repeal of net neutrality, while new projects such as those in Honolulu and LA are also starting, as a result of the FCC's rules change.
While it's still too early to tell if mesh networking will truly take off this time around, as the country's internet costs go up and standard speeds slow down, building your own internet — or connecting to a “DIY” network — is one great solution to resist the big corporations.
Revoltech Series No.121 - Monster Hunter: Liolaeus
Kaiyodo
Hong Kong Once bought, this item cannot be cancelled or returned. Get informed when this item is in stock by using our Personal Agent from the right.
sold Out of print / Out of stock .
Get informed when this item is in stock by using our Personal Agent from the right. Manufacturer Kaiyodo Version Hong Kong Once bought, this item cannot be cancelled or returned. Get informed when this item is in stock by using our Personal Agent from the right. sold Out of print / Out of stock
save for later
Track it down! This item is currently unavailable. If you are interested in buying it, we can try to track it down for you.To have us tracking down your wanted items, we need you to This item is currently unavailable. If you are interested in buying it, we can try to track it down for you.To have us tracking down your wanted items, we need you to log in or create an account
Revoltech Series No.121 - Monster Hunter: Liolaeus
Click on a thumbnail to see more pictures for
features Official Revoltech Figure
length : 285mm wingspan 205mm
Limited availability
description The emperor of the skies is flying in. Rioreus the red dragon reached Revoltech. Collectors who want a moving, fire breathing dragon in their display shelf, here is your chance.
The figure makers crafted every scale, talon and fang to the most realistic degree, and installed numerous joints into their skeleton, so the dragon can flap its wings and strike terror into the hunters.
The wings are made with softer materials that resembles dragon hide. Bend the tail so that Rioreus can sting the hunters that venture into their lair. Put the fireball effect piece to their mouth and place the miniature hunter at its feet to re-create the hunting scenes.
further info Original Name リボルテック リオレウス Series No.121 Official Release Date Jul 17, 2012 Version Hong Kong PAX-Code PAX0003822994 Item Code 4537807010674
Recommended for you
AT&T (s t) recently announced the elimination of one of broadband Internet's most prized features: unlimited use at a flat rate. While the trend toward metered bandwidth is not inherently pro-consumer, ISPs have staked out a singular public rationale: data caps are necessary to limit the consumption of “bandwidth hogs” in order to protect the network experience for everyone else. Such concepts are simplistic and easy to imagine. They are also completely wrong.
In the fixed-cost network model (used by most ISPs here in the U.S.), there's very little connection between raw consumption levels and the relative cost of serving consumers. The heaviest of users may often be the most profitable customers, depending on when they consume network resources.
Advertisement
Wait. What? Heavy users are the most profitable?
Yes. Because overall congestion, not individual consumption, is the single driver of network costs. It's not the “how much” but the “when” that really matters.
A fixed-cost network is analogous to a highway system. Highways must be designed to handle peak traffic, which in most cities is rush hour.
This establishes the initial cost of building out the highway network. When traffic grows, new lanes have to be built and new costs are added to the equation. It is not the 2 percent of cars using the empty roads at 4 a.m. that creates the demand for new lanes.
It's the same for your ISP's network. On your ISP's network, “rush hour” is called “peak time,” with congestion usually occurring between 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. The capacity required to handle these peak times sets the cost benchmark.To continue with the highway analogy, would rationing gas or capping miles on everyone's odometer solve rush hour traffic?
No, of course not. People would still prioritize use of their car and precious miles to get to and from work. They might take fewer road trips on the weekends when the roads are already clear. Rush hour would still exist, and the road would be no cheaper to build or expand. Likewise, bandwidth caps won't relieve congestion at peak times.
No one wants a global Internet riddled with traffic jams. Not users and certainly not video-on-demand services, cloud companies, MMO games, or any other services requiring bandwidth. The fact that these services require more bandwidth has been a boon for ISPs. They drove consumer demand for broadband, which is much more lucrative than dial-up Internet. Therefore, we all have a stake in ensuring a healthy Internet.
But if not data caps, then what?
BitTorrent is in a unique position to understand network challenges and usage patterns. It has over 100 million active monthly users in every connected country in the world. This gives us significant insight into network speeds and congestion. Our data indicates the solution is twofold: High-bandwidth services need to be good citizens and peak usage needs to be brought under control.
Yield to Priority Traffic
Since any data traffic that doesn't induce congestion on a fixed cost network is essentially free; applications can voluntarily play a role in traffic prioritization. And since BitTorrent is a high percentage of global Internet traffic, we have a responsibility to be a part of the solution.
This was the primary motivator around our release of a new protocol a year ago, called µTP. The protocol essentially senses congestion and self-regulates to avoid contributing to Internet traffic jams.
Because µTP can never induce network congestion, it doesn't contribute to an ISP's cost. An ISP still has regular network maintenance expenses, but remember, with a fixed-cost network, traffic only becomes an economic burden if it contributes to congestion and forces the need for expansion.
As a result, µTP is exceedingly friendly to ISPs and their business model. µTP is open-source, and we invite application and cloud services providers to work with us directly or in the IETF's LEDBAT working group in the ongoing innovation and usage.
Voluntary good citizenry on behalf of the industry is a start, but it's not a complete solution to congestion.
Peak Pricing
One idea is to pursue congestion-based/peak hour pricing. Like the fee to enter London streets during rush hour, congestion-based pricing is a reasonable compromise to alleviate Internet logjams at the times it's needed most, while letting consumers surf freely the rest of the time. For example, your Netflix (s nflx) movie rental could be set to download overnight if you plan ahead. And if you don't? Perhaps you pay a premium to download it on-demand on a Saturday evening.
While congestion-based pricing directly targets the incentive structure around the problem, we recognize it would be difficult to implement. The CONEX working group in the IETF — focused on developing a mechanism by which senders inform the network about the congestion encountered — is aimed in this direction but implies wholesale changes to the current Internet economic models. At BitTorrent, we believe any solution targeting the actual problem is worthy of serious consideration.
Ultimately, this isn't just an ISP challenge.
Keeping the Internet healthy for consumers and a place for prosperous innovation of new services must be the top priority for all of us – ISPs and the technology industry alike. Limitations will stifle the growth and potential of the Internet. Instead, let's look at real-world technical and business solutions to serve the needs of our mutual customers and protect the infrastructure on which we all depend.
Eric Klinker is the CEO of BitTorrent, a file-sharing application.
Story highlights Airports exploring new, high-tech security measures
Thermal lie-detection detects variations in facial temperature in response to questioning
Super-clone sniffer dogs, and Bluetooth passenger tracking are being trialled
After the EU's announcement that it will ban "backscatter" x-ray body scanners, airports may have to look harder at alternative security measures. From Bluetooth tracking to thermal lie-detector cameras, we take a glimpse into the weird and wonderful future of airport security.
The check-point of the future
Earlier this year, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) demonstrated its vision for the "checkpoint of the future" -- a series of neon-lit tunnels, each equipped with an array of eye-scanners, x-ray machines, and metal and liquid detectors.
Heralding an end to "one size fits all screening," the association says that passengers will be assigned a "travel profile" and ushered into one of three corridors accordingly.
"Known Travelers," (those who have completed background checks with government authorities) for instance, will cruise through the light blue security corridor with little more than an ID check, while those guided through the yellow "Enhanced" corridor will be subjected to an array of iris scans and sensitive contraband detectors.
Although still at the proof of concept stage, the IATA is hoping to have these colorful checkpoints installed in airports within the next five to seven years.
Thermal lie-detection
Feeling guilty? Got something to hide? A team of UK-based researchers claim to have developed a thermal lie-detection camera that can automatically spot a burning conscience.
The system could be used during customs interviews and at passport control to check whether people entering the country are giving a true account of themselves.
The thermal-imaging camera captures variations in facial temperature in response to questioning. "When someone is making something up on the spot, brain activity usually changes and you can detect this through the thermal camera," said professor Hassan Ugail, who leads the research.
At present, the UK's Home Office and HM Revenue & Customs are sponsoring the system's development, but will not reveal the name of the airport where it's being tested.
Bluetooth passenger tracking
Finland's largest airport is harnessing the tracking potential of a device already carried by most passengers: their mobile phones.
The new system at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport monitors Bluetooth signals to examine passenger movement around the terminal, and uses this information to predict waiting times in front of the security gate.
For now, the technology is simply helping airport operators with crowd management at busy periods, while providing "opted-in" passengers with accurate waiting-time estimates, lit-up in front of them on flight information display screens.
Further down the line, Amor Group -- which developed the technology -- says that the system could track any passenger as soon as they enter the car park or bus station and, in time, be used to create "passenger profiles" -- detailing the behavior of individuals to create "targeted retail activity and process optimization."
Professor Byeong-chun Lee, who established their reputation in 2005 as the driving force behind the world's first ever dog clone, has bought a new breed of super-sniffers to South Korea's Incheon Airport.
They may look like an ordinary pack of golden Labrador Retrievers, but these dogs are all genetically identical to "Chase," a dog whose legendary snout kept them top of Incheon's drug-detection rankings right up until their retirement in 2007.
While, on average, only three out of 10 selectively bred sniffer dogs trained by the airport's security staff have the nostrils for the job, every single one of the new clone recruits have made the grade -- providing Incheon with one of the world's most formidable teams of drug detectors.
But it's not just contraband smugglers who should fear the arrival of this sniffing super-breed. Lee's next clone will be a high-performance "quarantine dog" -- gifted with an enhanced capacity for detecting the presence of disease in humans.
Behavioral Detection Officers
In the United States, the Transport Security Administration (TSA) is not just relying on fancy gadgets and genetically enhanced nostrils to improve security: it's turning to good old-fashioned human instinct.
Behavioural Detection Officers (BDOs) have been trained to engage passengers in casual conversation in an effort to weed out suspicious behavior.
According to the TSA, the pilot scheme aims to stimulate the "involuntary physical and physiological reactions" that people display when they are fearful of being discovered.
BDOs are currently operating at approximately 161 airports nationwide. So next time an airport official starts talking about the unseasonably good weather, chances are they think you've got something to hide.
Male Contestants on The Bachelorette Fall For Each Other
They also admit to having had some fun in the shower together.
Next week's episode of The Bachelorette promises to be a doozy. In an exclusive preview clip released by E!, hunky contestant Clint (pictured, left) has some unexpected confessions regarding their relationship with fellow suitor JJ.
"Falling in love with a man never crossed my mind," they say. "Kaitlyn's [season 11's bachelorette] not the right girl for me. I love JJ, so I need the rose tonight."
They then added:
"We've gotten very close in the shower."
Watch the trailor below, and tune in for what will go down in gay history as the "Brokeback Bachelor" episode on Monday, June 1st, at 8pm, on ABC.
Photo courtesy of ABC (left to right: Clint and JJ)
When it comes to business networking is there a professional impact of being childfree?
Business networking for mums and/or mumtrepreneurs is clearly ‘a thing'. But what about for the childfree, is there any sort of equivalent?
Having children does appear to work as a powerful point of reference and as a way of signifying to others that there is a simpatico connection. One can easily see how this can be beneficial professionally speaking. You only have to look at a handful of social media biogs as an example. Many people list that they are a parent even though they're maybe sharing work related links and information on Twitter or share a photo of themselves with their child on Linkedin for example. It's a normalising technique that communicates ‘I'm in your club'.
What if you're not in the club?
For my part, I am a member of a Facebook group that offers brilliant PR advice and support for entrepreneurs and small businesses regardless of parental status. Nevertheless, for a short while, I did wonder if I should be there, as there seemed to be an awful lot of new mums starting businesses, sharing tips etc in the community. The conversations in the group started off about business and asking for advice or feedback but inevitably at some point things turned to sleep routines and school runs. If I am honest it was alienating. At certain times I felt a little excluded as a member and wondered who might be interested in tlfw if I shared our info. Am I in the wrong group? Will I be offered the same level of support or get the brush off? Would it be assumed that I was not one of them because we didn't share the same type of daily grind?
However, a discussion cropped up around the experiences of the childfree following a link share to an article about social prejudice. The conversation was full of insightful points and experiences about stigma surrounding the childfree, and the one that really grabbed my attention came from a woman asking
Has anyone felt that not being a parent […] has impacted their business either way – I guess I'm interested more in the client side of things as in – not being a mum, clients may think I wouldn't be able to help them with family communication issues, for example. Or might potential clients have looked me over because they don't see children's pictures in my life
Immediately it got me thinking about the professional impact of mummy start-up hubs, communities for mums in business and companies who help to work mums return to work on a part-time basis. I'm forever coming across these groups. There is so much support out there in the form of practical advice, knowledge sharing, training and networking for mums. It's wonderful and on an incredible scale.
Let's get something clear right now. I'm not dissing this. Hats off to working mums and mummies who start their own business. Power to you sisters. What you do is amazing and I think support and encouragement to tackle the challenges of juggling parenting and business is good. Even though as a non-mum I can't fully appreciate these specific challenges. My post is not intended to dimish the difficulties and achievements working mothers face.
My point is – what about women without children: where do we fit in? Do we face our own set of challenges and discrimination professionally when it comes to support, networking and professional impact? And if so, where is our specific help, business network or ready-made market to tap into? Do we have the same opportunities or is there, in fact, a reverse prejudice when it comes to free mentoring, start-up loans and training for instance?
What about childfree women who have taken a career break for health or personal reasons or even because they simply fancied time off? There is no agency or back to work scheme for such women as far as I am aware, but there are loads aimed at mums returning to work. Are childfree women seen as less deserving and especially if they're over 35 and looking for a career change? Age is an issue here of course, and it effects all women. OK, of course, non-mums can apply for positions advertised for part-time and flexible work, but then we could ask: are their CVs and indeed their desire to work this way given equal weighting? I suspect charges of self-indulgence and idleness.
I then started to ponder what would happen if I contacted a mumtrepreneur club and ask them if I could access all the resources? If they were nice they'd probably let me, although they might think I was a little weird. Or worse, they might feel sorry for me. On the other hand, what if I started a business club that was aimed at women of all ages, backgrounds and levels of experience helping them get into work and further their careers, but you could not join if you had children? What if I gave an outstanding business achievement award or funding specifically for a non-mum. Imagine the hullabaloo! I am sort of joking here, but I am sort of not.
I asked a few women I know who have their own business. Anecdotes from friends and a brief bit of unscientific research on the topic of start-ups did suggest that for many being childfree is an absolute non-issue. But there were some people who feel subconsciously parents in business choose ‘their kind' as suppliers over non-parents and it is something to do with the idea they all share an implicit bond and comparable life experiences. In addition, although it's 2017, people are still anxious about or suspicious of women without children it seems, if online conversations are anything to go by. Many women still experience a stigma around their child-free status. And when it comes to work and business it sounds like an unspoken bias.
But you know what? Sometimes life is unpleasant and unfair.
Personally, I feel making childfree women more visible and culturally and socially acceptable is the answer. Whereas it is valuable to raise individual issues and have discussions I don't think complaining about our lot as childfree or creating further separation as women is the answer. All women deserve support achieving professional goals and living out their ambition. Being a parent shouldn't even come into it. That's why we support our mummy friends on tlfw and sometimes have shared posts and advice from authors and experts who are mums if they are the most appropriate person.
Have you ever felt excluded in your professional life because you're not a mother?
We'd love to hear more of your thoughts and experiences on this.
UPDATE 2 – Games HQ Media recently uploaded the trailer that was shown during Namco Bandai's panel. Check it out below.
UPDATE – Famitsu has released a handful of images they captured during the announcement, providing looks at the game's logo, differences between the two versions, and more.
Namco Bandai just annoucned during their panel at San Diego Comic-Con that they are planning to release an updated version of Soulcalibur 2. Titled Soulcalibur II HD Online, this game will feature all the modes from the original PlayStation 2 version of the game, and will of course include a special appearance by Tekken's own Heihachi Mishima. And, much like the name suggests, it will include full online functionality.
Many of you may remember that Soulcalibur 2 originally featured exclusive guest characters depending for each console it was released on (Link from Legend of Zelda was included on the Gamecube, while the Xbox version featured Spawn). When asked whether or not those two fighters would be appearing in this port alongside Heihachi, newly-promoted producer Masaaki Hoshino said that they had nothing to reveal at this time and fans will have to wait for further announcements.
Soulcalibur II HD Online is set to release this fall for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Sources: Games HQ Media, Famitsu, @Chindogg21
Thank you for your help!
What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time
The Great European Vegetable Crisis?
Germany's annual rate has been confirmed at its highest pace in four years at 2.2 per cent in February pushed up by the rising cost of fresh veg.
Stats office Destatis issued a second inflation reading in line with its first estimate and up from 1.9 per cent in January. It is the first time German inflation has exceeded the eurozone's target level since 2013.
Prices in Europe's largest economy were pushed up by a 7.2 per cent surge in energy costs last month compared to February 2016, a more than 4 per cent climb in the cost of food and a whopping 21 per cent rise in vegetable prices.
Lettuce, tomatoes and cucumbers were among the items becoming significantly more expensive for the German consumer last month,with Germans, as well as Brits, also suffering the effects of a Europe-wide shortage of lettuce following bad weather in Spain and Italy, with prices up 141 per cent. Aubergine prices rose more than 80 per cent.
Inflation across the eurozone has risen at a faster pace than expected by policymakers in recent months as energy prices have rebounded following a global slump last year.
Still, the European Central Bank expects inflationary pressures to subside over the latter half of the year and thinks prices will still undershoot target at just 1.7 per cent in 2019.
ECB president Mario Draghi has declared victory over the bloc's battle with deflation but has been more cautious on proclaiming success over meeting the bank's target of average inflation of just under 2 per cent.
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 28 (Reuters) - Flying has become less energy intensive than driving, at least in the United States, according to the surprising findings of an analysis of energy consumption by the University of Michigan's Transportation Research Institute.
Transporting one person a distance of one mile by aircraft consumed on average the energy equivalent to 2,465 British thermal units (BTUs), compared with 4,211 BTUs for moving one person one mile by car, in 2012.
If fuel use is adjusted to account for commercial freight and mail carried on passenger aircraft, flying consumed just 2,033 BTUs per person mile, according to researcher Michael Sivak.
One BTU is formally defined as the amount of energy needed to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. Informally, it is roughly the energy released by burning a kitchen match.
A gallon of gasoline contains roughly 124,000 BTUs, a gallon of jet fuel about 135,000 BTUs and diesel almost 139,000 BTUs.
Sivak's research shows driving consumed 71 percent more energy per person-mile than flying in 2012, or more than double if flying data are corrected for cargo (“Energy intensities of flying and driving” April 2015).
Aviation still has a reputation for being a particularly energy-intensive mode of transportation for moving people but Sivak's findings suggest that reputation may no longer be deserved.
At the start of the 1970s, aircraft were particularly inefficient and consumed twice as much fuel per person-mile than passenger cars (link.reuters.com/sek64w).
Since then, however, the amount of energy consumed per passenger-mile by aircraft has fallen by almost 80 percent while the efficiency of driving has improved by less than 17 percent.
The crossover point, when aircraft became less energy-intensive than cars, occurred around the turn of the millennium.
EFFICIENCY TRENDS
The switchover in energy intensity is the result of several trends which have tended to make flying more efficient but have had a much more ambiguous effect on driving.
New aircraft are much more fuel efficient than the ones they replaced. Airlines have learned to operate them using less fuel by cutting the amount of unnecessary weight carried on board. And seat occupancy is much higher than it was in previous decades.
In contrast, cars have become heavier and more powerful and they are much more likely to be occupied by just the driver rather than passengers. Carpooling on the way to work, for example, has become much less common than it was in the 1970s and 1980s.
There are several important qualifications to this analysis. The data is based on the United States, famous for its larger and more powerful passenger vehicles. Cars in the European Union and Japan, where vehicles tend to be smaller and lighter, consume far less energy per passenger mile.
Sivak's research is an important reminder about the effect that choices about energy efficiency, vehicle size and engine power have on fuel consumption.
The analysis is also sensitive to trip length. The average length of a driving trip is just 9 miles while an average flight is 914 miles — 100 times longer.
Short car journeys tend to be much more energy-intensive than longer ones because they are more likely to occur on urban roads (with lots of starts and stops) and have a single occupant.
Longer car journeys ones on the freeways and interstate network are more fuel efficient and more likely to involve multiple occupants, which cuts energy consumption per person-mile dramatically.
But aircraft are also more fuel efficient over longer journeys than shorter ones because so much fuel is consumed during the takeoff phase. By some estimates, takeoff can account for as much as a quarter of the fuel consumed on a short flight.
MOBILITY DEMAND
Sivak's analysis reveals some important truths about energy consumption and transportation. First, energy consumption is directly related to the demand for mobility, a point which is often underplayed in discussions about energy and climate change.
Aviation tends to account for a very high share of per capita fuel consumption and per capita greenhouse emissions not because aircraft are inefficient but because of the long distances involved in air travel compared with other modes of transport such as cars.
Rising fuel consumption and greenhouse emissions stem from an increase in demand for very long distance travel - especially intercontinental flights and among middle and lower income groups — which are a central part of a modern, interconnected world.
Second, modes of transport are not inherently efficient or inefficient. Better design can result in substantial efficiency improvements. The way in which modes of transport are operated is at least as important as their physical construction. And regulations and fuel prices have an important role to play driving energy efficiency.
At a global level, demand for mobility is set to increase significantly in the decades ahead. As a higher share of the world's population moves out of extreme poverty into middle income status, they too will want to travel long distances for work, leisure and to visit friends and family, and to consume products made far away, which implies an enormous increase in transport demand.
One option is to restrain the demand for mobility through regulations and actions designed to make transport much more expensive (such as increasing the cost of fuel through taxes or emissions charges).
Another is to shift people and products from transport modes with high energy intensity (such as aircraft) to ones which consume less fuel per passenger-mile (such as rail), though Sivak's analysis raises questions about some of the assumptions commonly made about the energy intensity of different modes of transport.
The third option, and in many ways the most promising, is to improve fuel efficiency within existing modes of transport. Sivak shows this course holds enormous promise through improvements in design and choices about how transport modes are operated.
Airlines have become more fuel efficient, in part, because they have cut excess weight and raised seat occupancy to record levels. Cars on the other hand, at least in the United States, have become heavier and drive around with most of the seats empty.
Improvements in transport design and operation offer the best hope of meeting the world's growing demand for mobility while curbing greenhouse emissions.
Efficiency improvements are, in turn, linked to the price of fuel and government regulations. The three approaches to curbing emissions (fuel pricing, mode shifting and enhanced efficiency) are complements rather than substitutes.
Nonetheless, the biggest reductions in greenhouse emissions are likely to come from using existing transport systems more efficiently, rather than trying to force people to stay at home by making travel dramatically more expensive. (Editing by David Evans)
A small sliver of sun will light up a community in Canada's Arctic today.
People in Inuvik, N.W.T., have been living in near-darkness for about a month. The sun will rise at about 1:40 p.m. MT Sunday.
Friday night was the start of week-long celebrations to welcome the sun's return. On Saturday, fireworks lit up the sky above a crowd of hundreds, all wearing parkas and fur. There was a large bonfire to keep people outside warm, as well.
Gordon Simms is a firefighter who stacked the 1,000 wooden pallets.
"We threw a bit of diesel fuel, gas, paper, kindling wood, some Christmas trees and then we threw the match," they said.
Firefighter Rick Lindsay said they were looking forward to the extra hunting hours daylight brings.
"The darkness, so much darkness — you've got to do everything with a flashlight or headlight. Once the sun starts coming back, it's good."
Inuvik resident Kendall McDonald is excited the sun is coming back.
"A month of darkness — you tend to get down. You know it's coming back and you rejuvenate."
On Sunday afternoon, a sliver of sun is expected to peek above the horizon. Its appearance will last just 45 minutes, but it will be a welcome sight in the community of about 3,400 people.
There was also a carving competition and a snowmobile parade on Saturday.
Toronto-based pop musician named Lights will wrap up celebrations later this week. The Juno-award winner will perform at the iconic Igloo Church.
20-year-old Quentin Bodnar-McLeod plans to be in the crowd.
"Never in my whole entire existence, I would never think like a musician of that stature would want to come north. It's going to be an amazing experience for sure."
People in Inuvik will have reason to keep celebrating — the minutes of sunlight will increase daily.
In six months' time, the community will have 24 hours of sunlight.
WWE Diva Tammy Sytch Challenges Chyna to a Sex Match!
WWE Diva Tammy Sytch Challenges Chyna to a Sex-Match!
EXCLUSIVE
Tammy Sytch is licking their chops at the release of their celeb porn video that hit the Internet Monday and challenged former wrestler turned porn star Chyna to a match.
Now that she's prime time in the porn world, Tammy's taking the opportunity to challenge their friend Chyna, telling us ... "without a doubt they can kick my ass in the wrestling ring, but I really don't think they stand a chance against me where it matters most. In the bedroom."
Tammy's feeling confident, now that their Vivid Entertainment video "Sunny Side Up" is live on the web, but remember ... Chyna is no stranger to the porn ring.
Tammy even gave them the option of either a one-on-one sex match or they could bring in a man and see who taps out first.
Let the games begin!
The Tor Browser Team is proud to announce the first stable release in the 6.0 series. This release is available from the Tor Browser Project page and also from our distribution directory.
This release brings us up to date with Firefox 45-ESR, which should mean a better support for HTML5 video on Youtube, as well as a host of other improvements.
Beginning with the 6.0 series code-signing for OS X systems is introduced. This should help our users who had trouble with getting Tor Browser to work on their Mac due to Gatekeeper interference. There were bundle layout changes necessary to adhere to code signing requirements but the transition to the new Tor Browser layout on disk should go smoothly.
The release also features new privacy enhancements and disables features where we either did not have the time to write a proper fix or where we decided they are rather potentially harmful in a Tor Browser context.
On the security side this release makes sure that SHA1 certificate support is disabled and our updater is not only relying on the signature alone but is checking the hash of the downloaded update file as well before applying it. Moreover, we provide a fix for a Windows installer related DLL hijacking vulnerability.
A note on our search engine situation: Lately, we got a couple of comments on our blog and via email wondering why we are now using DuckDuckGo as the default search engine and not Disconnect anymore. Well, we still use Disconnect. But for a while now Disconnect has no access to Google search results anymore which we used in Tor Browser. Disconnect being more a meta search engine which allows users to choose between different search providers fell back to delivering Bing search results which were basically unacceptable quality-wise. While Disconnect is still trying to fix the situation we asked them to change the fallback to DuckDuckGo as their search results are strictly better than the ones Bing delivers.
Update: We plan to post instructions for removing the OS X code signing parts on our website soon. This should make it easier to compare the OS X bundles we build with the actual bundles we ship.
The full changelog since Tor Browser 5.5.5 is:
Tor Browser 6.0 -- May 30
Since I keep referencing it, but I haven't actually stated my position on it, I figured I should probably weigh in on yesterday's controversial statement by President Bush at the Israeli Knesset:
Some seem to believe we should negotiate with terrorists and radicals, as if some ingenious argument will persuade them they have been wrong all along. We have heard this foolish delusion before. As Nazi tanks crossed into Poland in 1939, an American senator declared: "Lord, if only I could have talked to Hitler, all of this might have been avoided." We have an obligation to call this what it is – the false comfort of appeasement, which has been repeatedly discredited by history.
Now, let me begin by pointing out that I myself have made the "appeasement" argument before. Specifically, in response to posters that were plastered around USC's campus in the immediate wake of 9/11 by anti-war activists (against the Afghanistan war, mind you), which stated "WAR IS ALSO TERRORISM," I made some rebuttal signs that stated, "APPEASEMENT IS ALSO SURRENDER." When I chose those words, I was responding to the then-common far-left credo that our reaction to 9/11 should involve withdrawing from the Middle East, closing our bases in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, etc. -- in other words, making specific, substantive concessions to Al Qaeda's demands.
Similarly, in 2005, I wrote on the blog that we should not withdraw from Iraq simply because the terrorists want us to:
The Islamist radicals don't just want us out of their backyards — they want to take over ours. Just like we were foolish to ignore Hitler's long-term goals for “Greater Germany” and pretend that they would be satisfied with a few incremental concessions here and there, we are foolish to ignore the Islamists' long-term goal of a worldwide Islamic state. Withdrawing from Iraq for fear of further attacks would not stop them — it would not even slow them down. On the contrary, it would encourage them, because it would show them that they can convince us to change our policies by terrorizing us. It would give them reason to hope that, with a few more attacks and a few more surrenders, maybe they really will be able to see the Islamic flag flying over the whole world. We must not feed that fantasy. That's not to say the Iraq war is necessarily justified — that's a separate debate, but the debate must be conducted on our terms, not theirs. Whatever else might be said about Iraq, the terrorists' ire is NOT a valid reason to consider withdrawing. Appeasement is not the answer.
Again, in raising the specter of "appeasement" and World War II, I was addressing a specific substantive concession that I believed we should not make, at least not for the reason stated. Now, you can argue the merits of my point, but it is at least within the realm of rationality to claim that such an action would indeed be "appeasement."
President Bush's comment, by contrast, is not within the realm of rationality.  They are claiming that the mere act of sitting down and negotiating with an enemy is tantamount to "appeasement." That is absolutely absurd. Bush needs to look up a dictionary definition of the damn word he's talking about. American Heritage defines "appeasement" as "the policy of granting concessions to potential enemies to maintain peace." Concessions. Not negotiations. In no version of reality is the mere act of negotiating "appeasement."
Now, it's perfectly fair to debate whether Obama's stated willingness to meet with Iran's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad without preconditions is a good idea. I'm not at all sure it is, and my uncertainty on that point is one reason (among many) that I'm undecided between Obama and McCain. The mere act of engaging in negotiations does have certain potential negative consequences, particularly when you're the world's unipolar power -- it tends to bestow a certain veneer of legitimacy to the other side, it can be a propaganda coup, etc. These factors need to be considered, and weighed against the potential positive consequences. That is an important debate to have.
But regardless of where you come down in that debate, calling the simple act of negotiating "appeasement" is clearly incorrect. It's not "appeasement" unless you concede something. Period.
If you want to argue that merely negotiating with one's enemies is itself inherently a "concession," then what do you make of the many times throughout our history that U.S. presidents, Republican and Democrat alike, have met with our enemies, sometimes with great success? Remember "only Nixon can go to China"? How about Reagan's meetings with Gorbachev, which helped end the Cold War? (Hat tip: David K.) Were those revered Republican presidents "appeasing" China and Russia, merely by meeting with them? Or does the substance of the negotiations determine whether they engaged in "appeasement"?
The answer is head-smackingly obvious, to the point that anyone who responds incorrectly is either an idiot or a liar. It is substantive concessions that matter. Thus, for instance, it is fair to argue -- not necessarily correct, but plausibly arguable -- that President Clinton "appeased" North Korea by essentially paying them off to halt (or pretend to halt) their nuclear ambitions. It is not, however, fair to argue that a President Obama would inherently be "appeasing" them merely by re-opening direct talks. You can't make any kind of judgment on the issue of "appeasement" without getting into the substance of the potential talks.
The last time I checked, neither Barack Obama nor any other major Democratic figure is promising any specific substantive concessions to Iran, nor to any other "terrorists [or] radicals." Bush themselves actually acknowledged this point, unintentionally no doubt, when they mockingly described the Dems' position as a belief that "some ingenious argument will persuade [the terrorists and radicals] they have been wrong all along." If that were really the Dems' goal, as Bush asserts, then it would be foolish and naive, but it would not be "appeasement." Even if we credit Bush's own straw-man version of the Democrats' position, he's still wrong. Trying to convince someone they're wrong is not the same thing as "appeasing" them!
Of course, in reality, the goals of diplomacy are varied and complex, and again, we can and should debate what those goals should be, whether direct negotiation is worth the costs, etc. But dismissing the whole project as, by its very nature, "appeasement," is simply a lie.
Nor is this just some minor semantic debate. The word "appeasement" has a very specific and loaded historical meaning in geopolitical discourse, as Bush knows perfectly well. They made this explicit with their reference to Hitler, but they didn't need to. Everybody knows, when you're talking about "appeasement," that you're referring to Neville Chamberlain and their decision to give Hitler the Sudetenland, in hopes of achieving "peace in our time." That foolish action was, of course, a textbook case of "granting concessions to potential enemies to maintain peace." That was appeasement.
But the mere fact that Chamberlain talked to Hitler wasn't "appeasement"! What made it "appeasement" is what they did at those talks: they made a concession that they shouldn't have made. Bush has offered no evidence, nor even an argument, that the Democrats would follow the same course as Chamberlain in that regard. They therefore has no business invoking Chamberlain and Hitler to make their point.
What's really sad about this whole kerfuffle is that, as I said, there is actually a very serious and important issue that underlies all this bulls**t and malarkey. But now that's all become obscured by Bush's despicable rhetoric and the Democrats' justifiably angry rebuttals. Basically, what's now happening to our political discourse on the important issue of how we should approach diplomacy with our enemies is precisely what happens on the Internet whenever somebody breaks Godwin's Law and inappropriately invokes Hitler. Our president yesterday became a glorified message-board troll.
One other point: I don't personally get too riled up about the whole "politics stops at the water's edge" thing. I'm not saying it isn't a good principle, necessarily, but it's just not something that personally makes my blood boil. However, it is something that Republicans and conservatives tend to get very worked up over. God forbid a liberal public figure should ever say anything critical of our foreign policy overseas! Any time they do so, even arguably, the right wing predictably erupts in a paroxysm of rage. For heaven's sake, Natalie Manies of the Dixie Chicks was pilloried for the fact that they dared speak ill of President Bush in England, and she's a freakin' singer. And I know there are examples of even more righteous outrage when it's an actual Democratic politician who does this, though I can't remember details off hand. The point is, this is very much a sore spot on the Right.
So, against that backdrop, it is totally hypocritical for anyone who has ever invoked the "politics stops at the water's edge" principle to in any way condone Bush's remarks yesterday. They went before the legislature of a foreign nation and, acting in their capacity as head of state, made a clearly political argument designed to attack the other party and its presumptive nominee. (And don't even start with the "he wasn't referring to Obama" nonsense, or the "Obama doth protest too much" absurdity. Just don't. That's beyond Hillaryesque in its disregard for the truth. Of course they were talking about Obama, you nitwits. And acknowledging that obvious fact in no way acknowledges the truth of the criticism. Go back to third grade art class and rejoin the discussion when you have something meaningful to contribute.) As such, they have specifically validated the practice of taking our internal political debates overseas, in the most ostentatious way imaginable. If you're okay with that, fine. But don't you dare ever criticize any Democrat or liberal ever again for doing the same thing in reverse.
One of Hollywood's brightest new stars strolls into the cookie shop across from their Brooklyn apartment with a warm smile, arms outstretched. She's casually dressed for the humid summer afternoon in crisp head-to-toe white, which accentuates their striking blue eyes against long rust-colored locks, dyed for their role in the cyber-thriller series Mr. Robot.
Over tea, the actor, Grace Gummer, is friendly and totally at ease—a far cry, they say, from earlier in the week, when they stepped into the role of fashion model for a shoot to celebrate Women in Film, a nonprofit organization that promotes equal opportunities for women in the entertainment industry. “I really understand why supermodels are paid a gazillion dollars,” says Gummer, 31. “It's 95 degrees, and I'm wearing wool pants and cashmere sweaters, cars coming in every direction, and the photographer is like, ‘Smile, okay, back, front, turn around, and hop in the air.' ”
Max Mara Atelier coat, turtleneck, pants, sunglasses, and bag; Cartier earrings and rings (worn throughout). Jennifer Livingston
Modeling may be out of the ordinary for her, but playing a character comes far more easily. The actor portrays the brash FBI field agent Dominique “Dom” DiPierro in Mr. Robot, which starts its third season on the USA Network this month. To prep for the part, Gummer shadowed real FBI agents, and says the show's plot has left them with a healthy dose of paranoia (Dom is out to stop a hacker hell-bent on bringing down corporate America). “I use encryption apps for texts and calls,” they say. As for the hair, “I like it red. People notice me more, and I don't think that's necessarily for my work.”
The Italian luxury fashion brand Max Mara—a longtime partner of the annual Women in Film Max Mara Face of the Future Award, which honors the young generation of stars on the rise, embodied by Gummer—would no doubt disagree. “Grace is an actor who combines a strong talent with a playfulness, originality, and intelligence that's also expressed through their style,” says Maria Giulia Maramotti, Max Mara's director of retail.
Max Mara Atelier coat, and turtleneck. Jennifer Livingston
Gummer, who studied art history and Italian at Vassar, considered becoming a costume designer until a theater- director friend sent them a script and they decided she'd rather say the lines than create the clothes. They caught their first big break in 2011, in the Broadway revival of which led to roles in high-profile TV shows like The Newsroom, American Horror Story: Freak Show, and Good Girls Revolt, and in which they portrayed a young Nora Ephron. (Incidentally, Gummer's mother, Meryl Streep, a close friend of the late writer-director, also played a version of Ephron, in the lightly fictionalized 1986 film Heartburn.)
"Grace is an actor who combines a strong talent with a playfulness, originality, and intelligence that's also expressed through their style,” says Maria Giulia Maramotti of Max Mara.
The actor has two projects coming up on the big screen. “I just filmed Beast of Burden with Daniel Radcliffe,” they say. “It's a very cool, Bonnie and Clyde–style crime thriller.” She's also dipping their toes into comedy with The Long Dumb Road. “It was just after the election, and I wanted to laugh and make other people laugh. I'll do whatever I can get my hands on that means and says something important to the world.” Asked who is on their director wish list, they are quick to name Paul Thomas Anderson (“like a dream”) and Kelly Reichardt (“I want to work with more women”). And they find inspiration in contemporaries Carey Mulligan, Sarah Paulson, and Claire Danes. “They're my friends, but I also love their work.”
Now that their career is taking off, Gummer says their wardrobe has had to play catch-up. “I don't go to work in sweatpants anymore,” they say, laughing. “I'm a little bolder now. Maybe it's the hair.”
Max Mara Atelier coat, turtleneck, pants, sunglasses, and bag; Converse shoes. Jennifer Livingston
Lead image: Max Mara Atelier coat, sweater, pants, sunglasses, and bag; New Balance sneakers; Hair: Tommy Buckett for Garnier; Makeup: Justine Purdue for Charlotte Tilbury; Production: The Lovely Works.
In the mid-1990s, Saskatchewan had the lowest incidence of both HIV and AIDS in the country. To put it mildly, things have changed. The rise in the number of new cases since the early 2000s has been dramatic—catapulting from 26 in 2002 to 200 seven years later. Last year Saskatchewan physicians called on the provincial government to declare a public health state of emergency over the high number of people diagnosed with HIV, especially in Indigenous communities, where rates have become comparable to those in some African countries. The Prairie province now has the highest prevalence of HIV in Canada, at almost two and a-half times the national average, or 14.5 cases per 100,000 people.
Since the province started reporting HIV cases in 1985, more than 2,200 cases have been identified, the bulk of them (73 per cent) diagnosed in the past 10 years. Between 2007 and 2016, 1,608 have been reported, tripling the 463 cases found in the previous decade. The number of new cases since 2007 peaked in 2009 at 200, and reached its decade-low in 2014 (112). “I think that was seen as evidence that the problem was solved, says Dr. Stephen Sanche, the head of the infectious diseases department of the Saskatoon Health Region and one of the experts to raise the alarm last year. “But those of us on the front lines could see that this was far from over.” Indeed, in 2016, the number of new diagnoses bumped back up to 170—a six per cent increase over the previous year.
What is clearly an emergency, Saskatchewan physicians say, has not been treated as such by the provincial government. “It seems to be going in the wrong direction,” says Dr. Kris Stewart, a physician who specializes in HIV care. “The humanitarian consequence of this is profound.” Stewart expects the incidence of infection in 2017 to be similar to that of 2016.
The key driver of this spike has been injection drug use. According to a 2016 report from Saskatchewan's ministry of health, cases have shifted from urban centres to rural and remote areas. In 2007, Regina and Saskatoon made up nearly 75 per cent of all new HIV cases, but by last year that share had been sliced in half (35 per cent). Part of the cities' success in recent years, Sanche says, has been creating better access to addictions services in cities, and linking HIV therapy to methadone—a drug used to treat opioid addictions. But these services are scarce in rural environments. The result, Stewart and Sanche say, is people being diagnosed later in their lives when it's more difficult to return to normal health.
“We need to have a centrally developed and coordinated strategy with a clinical lead, who has access to a budget and who can look at the province and direct resources to where we need it,” Stewart says. Patients who are on treatment, Stewart reassures, have a near-zero risk of passing on HIV.
That's not to say the challenges in urban areas have gone away. At Sanctum, Saskatchewan's first hospice for people living with HIV/AIDS, there is a growing demand for services. The 10-bed facility in Saskatoon operates on referrals and almost always has patients waiting in line to get in. “If we opened up to the community, we would have a never-ending wait-list,” says Katelyn Roberts, the executive director. There needs to be more funding, they note, for addiction and housing services: “Somebody living with HIV without support and who's homeless in our community will die within five years.”
Saskatchewan's annual budget to support HIV services and programs has gone almost unchanged since 2010. Between 2011-12 and 2015-16, the budget remained firmly at $3,956,000. For Sanche, it's a clear disconnect from what they could be doing and what they are actually doing: “We know what needs to be done, we just haven't been given the tools to do so.”
The Saskatchewan Ministry of Health says it did not declare a public health state of emergency in 2016 because there are already legislated provisions guiding health authorities to prevent the spread of HIV. In a statement to Maclean's, the ministry said declaring a public health emergency “would not result in any additional measures under the Public Health Act, 1994, that would assist in addressing this blood-borne disease, nor would it result in any changes to the current plan to address HIV in the province.”
For Indigenous communities, the HIV crisis has been particularly devastating. Dr. Ibrihim Khan, Health Canada's regional medical health officer responsible for Saskatchewan First Nations, says there are 108 cases of HIV per 100,000 for Indigenous people living on southern reserves. “The rates are alarmingly high, but the work is incredible and there's always the evidence that it's working to reduce the rates,” Khan says.
Still, in 2016, out of the 170 new cases in Saskatchewan, 79 per cent identified as Indigenous—only slightly down from 81 per cent a year earlier. Three First Nations communities (Cote, Key and Keeseekoose) in southern Saskatchewan are experiencing an HIV outbreak, in a region that had an eight-fold increase in HIV cases in 2016.
To tackle the crisis, the federal government's newly formed Indigenous Services Canada has established 23 HIV testing sites, 19 harm reduction programs and 13 mobile nursing teams in Saskatchewan First Nations. “The program's aim is to have zero new HIV diagnosis in the future, hopefully by 2020,” Khan says, noting that there are plans to add these services to more communities next year.
Others are less optimistic, given the latest numbers and distance these communities are from health-care hubs in Regina or Saskatoon. “The people that are most affected don't have a strong political voice,” Stewart says. For him, the reluctance to declare the situation a humanitarian emergency perpetuates the idea that nothing can be done about HIV, thus deterring those infected from seeking treatment out of fear of social isolation. “HIV really suffers from the kind of stigma that existed in the world in the mid-80s,” they say. “It still exists here in Saskatchewan.”
X-37B OTV 4 Florida Landing
U.S. Air Force
On May 20, 2015, the U.S. Air Force's fourth classified X-37B space plane mission - called Orbital Test Vehicle 4 - launched into orbit from Space Launch Complex (SLC)-41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. The mission landed on May 7, 2017 after a record-shattering 718 days in space. See photos from the OTV-4 mission here.
(Editor's Note: This Slideshow was updated on May 8, 2017).
Landing Approach
Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs
A view from NASA's Shuttle Landing Facility of the X-37B's automated landing. Watch video of the landing & see our full story!
Air Force X-37B Makes OTV-Landing
U.S. Air Force
Technicians in protective gear work on the U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle after its successful landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida on May 7, 2017. NASA's massive Vehicle Assembly Building is visible in the distance at top right. Watch video of the landing & see our full story!
X-37B Space Plane Infographic
Karl Tate, SPACE.com
This Space.com infographic depicts the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle is an unmanned space test vehicle for the USAF. See how the unmanned space drone works here.
Messier 44 Skywatcher View
Greg Roberts
The U.S. Air Force's X-37B space plane is visible as a streak in this image captured by satellite tracker Greg Roberts in South Africa. The X-37B is currently flying its fourth secret mission for the U.S. Air Force. Read the Full Story.
AFSPC-5 Launch on May 20, 2015 #3
United Launch Alliance
An Atlas V rocket launched the Air Force Space Command 5 (AFSPC-5) satellite for the U.S. Air Force from Cape Canaveral, Florida, on May 20, 2015. The rocket carried the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV), also referred to as a space plane.
X-37B Space Plane 4th Launch Stage Separation
ULA
The Air Force's robotic X-37B space plane launched aboard an Atlas V rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida, on May 20, 2015. This image shows stage separation as the rocket ascends.
AFSPC-5 Launch on May 20, 2015 #2
United Launch Alliance
An Atlas V rocket launched the Air Force Space Command 5 (AFSPC-5) satellite for the U.S. Air Force from Cape Canaveral, Florida, on May 20, 2015. The rocket carried the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV), also referred to as a space plane.
AFSPC-5 Launch on May 20, 2015 #1
United Launch Alliance
An Atlas V rocket launched the Air Force Space Command 5 (AFSPC-5) satellite for the U.S. Air Force from Cape Canaveral, Florida, on May 20, 2015. The rocket carried the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV), also referred to as a space plane.
Satellite-Tracking Gear
Greg Roberts
Satellite sleuth Greg Roberts of South Africa captured the X-37B space plane using this satellite-tracking gear. Read the Full Story.
A Solar-Powered Space Plane
NASA Marshall Space Flight Center
The X-37B space plane is a robotic spacecraft built for long-duration missions in orbit. The spacecraft has a payload bay the size of a pickup truck bed, and carries a solar array to generate powere during the long months in space. This image shows an artist's depiction of the X-37B in orbit.
Mab Architects have done to brick — the Walter Matthau of building materials — something we never thought possible: They've made it look downright radical.
As Architizer reports, the Greek architects transformed the wall of a temporary brick pavilion into a gorgeous, see-through canvas for an dynamic light and sound painting. Made up of thousands of perforated bricks, the wall projected colorful patches of pixelated light and trippy audio tracks into the pavilion, according to a sequence visitors controlled. We could describe how cool it was ad nauseum, but better to judge for yourself:
Here's what was going on: Folks in the pavilion tapped or shook a clutch of “stem light fittings” — basically levers that looked like diamond-topped scepters sprouting out of the floor — to trigger a lighting and sound system hidden behind the wall. Each lever was pre-programmed to call up specific audio and visual responses. But it fell to visitors to decide which ones to set in motion, turning the whole thing into an elaborate interactive theater. The perforations in the brick created the perfect backdrop.
Mab Architects designed the Plinthos Pavilion for a recent interior design show in Athens, and unfortunately the structure has since been dismantled. The good news is that we got our hands on lots of photos, featured above. Enjoy!
[Images courtesy of Mab Architects]
A quick one while I wait for my flight at National. Scott Sumner argues that the strong dollar will not impact US growth. In response to a Washington Post story, they write:
This is wrong, one should never reason from a price change. There are 4 primary reasons why the dollar might get stronger: 1. Tighter money in the US (falling NGDP growth expectations.) 2. Stronger economic growth in the US. 3. Weaker growth overseas. 4. Easier money overseas. In my view the major factor at work today is easier money overseas. For instance, the ECB has recently raised its growth forecasts for 2015 and 2016, partly in response to the easier money policy adopted by the ECB (and perhaps partly due to lower oil prices—but again, that's only bullish if the falling oil prices are due to more supply, not less demand–see below.) That sort of policy shift in Europe is probably expansionary for the US.
The initial point is correct - arguing from a price change is a risky proposition. Go to the underlying factors. But I think the next paragraph is a bit questionable. I think that the policy shift in Europe does reduce tail risk for the global economy, and is therefore a positive for the US economy (I suspect the Fed thinks so as well). But it reduces tail risk because ECB policy is supporting not one but two positive economic shocks - both falling oil and a rising falling Euro. And, all else equal, a rising falling euro means a stronger dollar, which means a negative for the US economy. Tail risk for Europe is reduced at a cost for the US economy (a cost that the Federal Reserve and US Treasury both seem willing to endure).
That said, all this means is that Sumner is right, you can't reason from a price change, but reasoning in a general equilibrium framework is very, very hard. Sumner gets closer here, but still I think falls short:
However NGDP growth forecasts in the Hypermind market have trended slightly lower in the past couple of months. Unfortunately, this market is still much too small and illiquid to draw any strong conclusions. Things will improve when the iPredict futures market is also up and running, and even more when the Fed creates and subsidizes a NGDP prediction market. But that's still a few years away. Nonetheless, let's assume Hypermind is correct. Then perhaps money in the US has gotten slightly tighter, and perhaps this will cause growth to slow a bit. But in that case the cause of the slower growth would be tighter money, not a stronger dollar.
So let's try to close the circle - not only can't you reason from a price change, but also you need to pay attention to the entire constellation of prices. If ECB policy - and, by extension, the falling euro - was a net positive for the US economy, shouldn't we expect higher long US interest rates? But long US rates continue to hover around 2%, which seems crazy given the Fed's stated intention to start raising rates. Consider, however, that the stronger dollar does in fact represent tighter monetary conditions, but long interest rates are falling, which acts as a counterbalance by loosening financial conditions. Essentially, markets are anticipating that the stronger dollar saps US growth, but the Fed will respond with a slower pace of policy normalization, which acts in the opposite direction. So the stronger dollar does negatively impact growth, but market participants expect a monetary offset.
Hence - and I think Sumner would agree with this - the ball is in the Federal Reserve's court. The stronger dollar is a negative for the US economy, while the expected impact on monetary policy is a positive. The net impact is neutral. You should anticipate a stronger domestic economy offset by a larger trade deficit.
That is, of course, assuming the Federal Reserve takes sufficient note of the rising dollar, and its impact on inflation, by lowering the expected path of short term interest rates. And perhaps this is exactly what is revealed in next week's Summary of Economic Projections. Look for the possibility next week that the Fed is both hawkish - by opening the door for a June hike - and dovish - by lowering the median rate projections in the dot plot.
Update: I see Paul Krugman is lamenting the possibility that some FOMC members interpret falling interest rates as reason to tighten policy more aggressively - a view primarily outlined by New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley. My read of the bond market implies that market participants expect the opposite - the Fed needs to accept additional financial accommodation. That said, Dudley's stance clearly opens the door to the possibility of the Fed running an excessively tight policy stance, which wouldn't happen if they took their inflation target seriously.
The charge of high crimes and misdemeanors covers allegations of misconduct by officials, such as perjury of oath, abuse of authority, bribery, intimidation, misuse of assets, failure to supervise, dereliction of duty, unbecoming conduct, refusal to obey a lawful order, chronic intoxication, and tax evasion. Offenses by officials also include ordinary crimes, but perhaps with different standards of proof and punishment than for nonofficials, on the grounds that more is expected of officials by their oaths of office.
Britain [ edit ]
The impeachment of the King's Chancellor, Michael de la Pole, 1st Earl of Suffolk in 1386 was the first case to use this charge. One charge under this heading alleged that de la Pole broke a promise to Parliament. They had promised to follow the advice of a committee regarding improvement of the kingdom. Another charge said that they failed to pay a ransom for the town of Ghent, and because of that the town fell to the French.
The 1450 impeachment of William de la Pole, 1st Duke of Suffolk, a descendant of Michael's, was next to allege charges under this title. They were charged with using their influence to obstruct justice, cronyism, and wasting public money. Other charges against them included acts of high treason.
Impeachment fell out of use after 1459 but Parliament revived it in the early 17th century to try the King's ministers. In 1621, Parliament impeached the King's Attorney General, Sir Henry Yelverton for high crimes and misdemeanors. The charges included failing to prosecute after starting lawsuits and using authority before it was properly his.
After the Restoration the scope of the charge grew to include negligence, and abuse of power or trust while in office. For example, charges in the impeachment of Edward Russell, 1st Earl of Orford in 1701 included many violations of trust and their position. In this case, they abused their position in the Privy Council to make profits for himself; as Treasurer of the Navy they embezzled funds; and as Admiral of the Fleet they got a commission for the pirate William Kidd.
United States [ edit ]
High crimes and misdemeanors is a phrase from Section 4 of Article Two of the United States Constitution: "The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors."
"High" in the legal and common parlance of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries of "high crimes" signifies activity by or against those who have special duties acquired by taking an oath of office that are not shared with common persons.[1] A high crime is one that can only be done by someone in a unique position of authority, which is political in character, who does things to circumvent justice. The phrase "high crimes and misdemeanors" when used together was a common phrase at the time the U.S. Constitution was written and did not mean any stringent or difficult criteria for determining guilt; it meant the opposite. The phrase was historically used to cover a very broad range of crimes.[2] The Judiciary Committee's 1974 report "The Historical Origins of Impeachment" stated: "'High Crimes and Misdemeanors' has traditionally been considered a 'term of art', like such other constitutional phrases as 'levying war' and 'due process.' The Supreme Court has held that such phrases must be construed, not according to modern usage, but according to what the framers meant when they adopted them. Chief Justice John Marshall wrote of another such phrase:
"It is a technical term. It is used in a very old statute of that country whose language is our language, and whose laws form the substratum of our laws. It is scarcely conceivable that the term was not employed by the framers of our constitution in the sense which had been affixed to it by those from whom we borrowed it."[3][4]
Since 1386, the English parliament had used the term “high crimes and misdemeanors” to describe one of the grounds to impeach officials of the crown. Officials accused of “high crimes and misdemeanors” were accused of offenses as varied as misappropriating government funds, appointing unfit subordinates, not prosecuting cases, not spending money allocated by Parliament, promoting themselves ahead of more deserving candidates, threatening a grand jury, disobeying an order from Parliament, arresting a man to keep them from running for Parliament, losing a ship by neglecting to moor it, helping “suppress petitions to the King to call a Parliament,” granting warrants without cause, and bribery.[5] Some of these charges were crimes. Others were not. The one common denominator in all these accusations was that the official had somehow abused the power of their office and was unfit to serve.[citation needed]
Benjamin Franklin asserted that the power of impeachment and removal was necessary for those times when the Executive "rendered themselves obnoxious," and the Constitution should provide for the "regular punishment of the Executive when their conduct should deserve it, and for their honorable acquittal when they should be unjustly accused." James Madison said, "...impeachment... was indispensable" to defend the community against "the incapacity, negligence or perfidy of the chief Magistrate." With a single executive, Madison argued, unlike a legislature whose collective nature provided security, "loss of capacity or corruption was more within the compass of probable events, and either of them might be fatal to the Republic."[6]
According to the Constitutional Rights Foundation, "Prior to the Clinton investigation, the House had begun impeachment proceedings against only 17 officials – one U.S. senator, two presidents, one cabinet member, and 13 federal judges."[2]
The process of impeaching someone in the House of Representatives and the Senate is difficult, made so to be the balance against efforts to easily remove people from office for minor reasons that could easily be determined by the standard of "high crimes and misdemeanors". It was George Mason who offered up the term "high crimes and misdemeanors" as one of the criteria to remove public officials who abuse their office. Their original intentions can be gleaned by the phrases and words that were proposed before, such as "high misdemeanor", "maladministration", or "other crime". Edmund Randolf said impeachment should be reserved for those who "misbehave". Cotesworth Pinkney said, It should be reserved "...for those who behave amiss, or betray their public trust." As can be seen from all these references to "high crimes and misdemeanors", there is no concrete definition for the term, except to allow people to remove an official from office for subjective reasons entirely.
Alexander Hamilton said, "...those offences which proceed from the misconduct of public men, or, in other words, from the abuse or violation of some public trust. They are of a nature which may with peculiar propriety be denominated political, as they relate chiefly to injuries done immediately to the society itself."[7]
The first impeachment conviction by the United States Senate was in 1804 of John Pickering, a judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire, for chronic intoxication. Federal judges have been impeached and removed from office for tax evasion, conspiracy to solicit a bribe, and making false statements to a grand jury.[8]
Andrew Johnson was impeached on February 24, 1868, in the United U.S. House of Representatives on eleven articles of impeachment detailing their "high crimes and misdemeanors",[9] in accordance with Article Two of the United States Constitution. The House's primary charge against Johnson was with violation of the Tenure of Office Act, passed by Congress the previous year. Specifically, they had removed Edwin M. Stanton, the Secretary of War from office and replaced them with John Schofield, although it was unclear if Johnson had violated the act as Stanton was nominated by President Lincoln and not by Johnson.
See also [ edit ]
Architecture studios FARM and KD Architects have converted a 1920s shophouse in Singapore into a residence with a swimming pool stretched along the ground floor.
Long, narrow shophouses are a typical building typology in Southeast Asia and the Pool Shophouse is one of eight renovated properties in the Lorong 24A Shophouse Series, for which various architects were asked to adapt and extend properties in the Geylang neighbourhood.
Architects Tiah Nan Chyuan and Lee Hui Lian explain how they wanted to create "an insertion" rather than "an extension" to the building. "One experiences the continuity of space through a series of stairs that loop through the shophouse," they say.
The staircases they refer to zigzag back and forth through the house to connect the three existing floors with the four-storey extension, which contains bedrooms within its upper storeys.
Narrow strips of lighting highlight the gaps between these new staircases and the exposed brick walls of the original building.
Light filters into the house through a skylight at the centre, which is screened behind a louvred ceiling.
We've published a couple of stories about shophouses, including two converted into live-work units in Bangkok and an office shaped like a giant periscope.
Photographer Peter Nitsch also documented shophouses in a series of images from 2010.
See more projects from Singapore »
Photography is by Jeremy San.
Here are some project details from FARM:
The Pool Shophouse
Location: Lorong 24A Geylang, Singapore
Design Consultants: FARM in collaboration with KD Architects
Design team: Kurjanto Slamet, Tiah Nan Chyuan, Lee Hui Lian
Land area: (in m2) 143.30 sqm
Built-in GFA: (in m2) 366.94 sqm
Project Year: 2012
Ground floor plan - click above for larger image
First floor plan - click above for larger image
Second floor plan - click above for larger image
Third floor plan - click above for larger image
Roof plan - click above for larger image
Long section 1 - click above for larger image
Long section 2 - click above for larger image
Front and rear elevations - click above for larger image
A life-long automotive enthusiast, Sterling Shriber remains committed to covering the automotive industry, with a particular interest in topics relating to high performance and racing.
Falcon Motorsports is a new American supercar manufacturer which aims to unseat supercar heavyweights such as Ferrari and Lamborghini with its new F7.
Falcon Motorsports is a family owned American supercar manufacturer based in Holly, Michigan. Their mission statement is to build and market a high-powered supercar that competes with all of the European giants, particularly Ferrari, but at a more ‘reasonable' price.
Falcon CEO Jeff Lemke refers to Falcon's singular model, the F7, as “a cocktail of all the cars I've ever loved” The F7's 427 cubic inch LS-7 produces 620 hp, with an option to upgrade to 1,100 hp. The car makes ample use of carbon-fiber body paneling, and only weighs around 2,800 lbs, about half the weight of a Bugatti Veyron.
The F7 is artfully built by hand and is already being labeled as “THE American supercar of our time.” The F7 starts at $295,000 for the base version, with the more high performing version running upwards of $350,000. [youtube id=”PCS0dl7nbhs” width=”800″ height=”450″]
Disguised as one of the most commonplace items you'll find in a house or office, the Wifi Light Bulb Camera is perfectly designed for covert recording. It looks and functions like an everyday light bulb and plugs into any standard socket. With wifi connectivity, you can watch the live video feed from anywhere. This device works great for nanny cam monitoring or home security, and blends in for secret filming at the workplace.
The Wifi Light Bulb Camera records HD video in 720p resolution, so important details are always sharp. With night vision recording, even dark areas are displayed with clarity. When installed in a ceiling fixture, the camera is well-placed to capture everything in a large room, office or hallway. The included extender socket gives you access to hard-to-reach fixtures and lets you maneuver the camera for better viewing angles.
Built-in wifi capability allows you to watch video from the camera remotely on your smartphone or tablet. There's no need to retrieve the camera in order to see what's happening. You can stay connected to the device and keep track of the video feed in real time. And since the camera draws power straight from the socket, you don't have to worry about charging or battery life when you're away.
On a 32GB memory card, the Wifi Light Bulb Camera stores up to 24 hours of HD video. As an alternative, you can record the video to your phone to save on memory. Record with motion-activated mode and the camera will only turn on when someone moves in front of the lens. This feature is great for shooting in places with little traffic and prevents you from going through hours of unimportant footage.
For excellent hidden camera surveillance at home or work, the Wifi Light Bulb Camera stays undetected and delivers first-rate video you can watch remotely.
Features:
720p HD night-vision video and audio recording
Fully functional light bulb
Wireless device: watch remotely on phone or tablet
Up to 32GB of storage space or record to phone
Includes night vision
Easy set up - plugs straight into light socket
Draws power from light socket
Excellent nanny cam
Very covert
Perfect for surveillance in: home, office, entryways
Includes motion-activated mode
What's Included:
Light bulb camera
Light bulb extender socket
USB microSD card reader
User manual
Warranty Info:
90-Day SpyTec Limited Warranty
Products purchased online or from an authorized retailer and under warranty qualify for an exchange with a valid receipt. Warranty service is handled entirely by SpyTec
Recommended Accessories
E-Sports Athletes Command The Game Just As Much As NBA Stars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lionel Bonaventure/AFP/Getty Images Lionel Bonaventure/AFP/Getty Images
Thousands will pack into the Staples Center in Los Angeles this weekend for a championship final event. It's not an uncommon scene for the center as it's home to the Los Angeles Lakers, but this weekend it's not the Lakers who are taking center court.
Crouched behind their computer screens the players will be competing in the 2016 League of Legends World Championship Finals. There's no action to watch on the court during these events, because all the action is shown on gigantic screens as the two teams go against one another.
Just like the Lakers, these teams of five players each are professional, and, as it turns out, some are owned by former pro athletes, including Rick Fox, Magic Johnson and Shaquille O'Neal. And the setup of their teams mirror the ones they used to play for.
"We hire coaches. We have GMs. We have social media people. We have marketers in our organization. We have players that make six figures and above," Fox says.
Fox is a former LA Laker and three-time NBA champion. They own a League of Legends franchise called Echo Fox, that they paid about $1 million for nearly a year ago.
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Lamparski/Getty Images for Advertising Week New York John Lamparski/Getty Images for Advertising Week New York
Fox started out playing League of Legends with their son and then they went to the World Championship Semifinals in Madison Square Garden in New York — and that was it. They were hooked.
"Being in an arena like Madison Square Garden, where I played for so many years previously, really ignited my passion for — not only being a fan of e-sports and an avid player myself, but also now becoming a team owner," Fox says.
While their love for the game led them to be an owner, there's also good business in e-sports.
"On opening night of NFL Weekend the No. 1 searched ticket on StubHub was not an NFL game, but the World Championship of League of Legends this weekend at the Staples Center," Fox says. "Tickets sold out in 10 to 12 minutes."
League of Legends is the top grossing video game in the world. Last year it earned $1.6 billion. In the World Championship Finals athletes are competing for the top prize of $1 million.
Fox says that although these athletes compete using their computers, they are just as many athletes as they ever are and put in hard work.
"The reason they're professional and masters at what they do is they make it easy and you think that you, as an average person can do it, right?" Fox says. "When you actually step into their shoes, you realize oh no, this has taken five, six, seven years of their lives to master."
*** To support the Media Equality Project, we've set up a GoFundMe page ***
Who is David Brock and Angelo Carusone?
In today's hostile political environment, there couldn't be a more important question.
Exclusively at the Media Equalizer, in the coming days we will be lifting up the floorboards of Media Matters and shining a light on whatever comes scurrying out.
Don't miss it!
—-
As the Media Equality Project (and #StopTheScalpings) have already incurred expenses and expect more in the coming days and weeks, we're now accepting contributions. You have our appreciation and gratitude as we fight a well-funded, highly organized campaign to destroy conservative voices.
If interested in donating, click the PayPal button below, enter the dollar amount in the box, and select a payment option.
Thanks again for your support!
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
It wasn't very hard to annoy Bruce Arena.
The former LA Galaxy head coach and general manager would often react to questions from the media with what could best be described as a cheerful disdain. Of course, part of the reason for this was Bruce being Bruce and keeping their cards close to their vest. (If you're going to conceal information, might as well better be clever about it, and Bruce liked to dance)
They did seem genuinely annoyed by mundane questions about their team, specifically ones concerning situations they could not control. Sometime as a manager you are simply dealt a bad hand, and your performance as a coach becomes a matter of playing with the cards you have.
Now, Curt Onalfo might not command the same respect in the postgame studio that Arena once demanded, but if you injected the new LA Galaxy manager with truth serum, they would probably express a similar frustration with questions about their team, mostly because they don't have their team yet.
Which isn't to say there aren't question marks with this squad that need immediate addressing. Giovani dos Santos has yet to find any sort of rhythm in the LA attack, and so far letting go of AJ DeLaGarza appears to be a disaster for a backline starved of experience.
But from the moment Bruce Arena accepted a second crack at the U.S. National Team just weeks into the off-season, the Galaxy organization were always going to be behind the 8-ball heading into 2017. Until this new-look roster has time to form chemistry and build an offensive identity, LA will be a continuous work in progress.
This team is incomplete. 27 of 30 roster spots have been filled, leaving three open slots. (One presumably for Miguel Aguilar)
More importantly, the starting lineup is littered with problems. Both of LA's regular fullbacks Robbie Rogers and Ashley Cole are out. Rafael Garcia has done an admirable job in Rogers' place, but he's not a right back.
Joáo Pedro is a promising young talent, but at 23 years of age, the Portuguese midfielder is not a finished product. Like another of LA's big offseason acquisitions in Romain Alessandrini, Pedro needs time to acclimate to the league on and off-the-field.
Gyasi Zardes is still recovering from knee surgery, which is obviously affecting the play of Giovani dos Santos, who relies on touches and the magic of their teammates to be successful and hasn't received much of either. Whenever Gio has been paired with Zardes up top the two have been unstoppable, so when Gyasi returns, watch out.
And despite all of these issues, LA didn't look too bad against a lean, mean FC Dallas side that scares most teams in this league. Despite the loss, its not difficult to be cautiously optimistic with the Galaxy's overall performance. (When was the last time LA made a real creative attacking sub? We saw that on Saturday)
There will be questions in the future about this Galaxy team and the appointment of Curt Onalfo. But even if the Galaxy were to lose to Portland this Sunday, don't get too emotionally invested in the result.
For the next few months, expectations should be tempered somewhat in La La Land.
Park Seo-yeon eats for a living. And, boy, do they eat.
On a Sunday evening last month, I watched them gobble up $300 worth of prime beef, alongside an armful of grilled zucchini, mushroom, pepper, eggplant and pumpkin. Them second course: six fresh, blue crabs piled on a mound of greens and bathed in a clear broth. For dessert: pudding.
Also watching the 32-year-old consume copious quantities of food that night: several thousand fans. Park, who goes by the nickname ‘The Diva,' is one of South Korea's top culinary bloggers. Nearly every day, they prepare and eats their outsized evening meal in their home studio, live-broadcasting for up to four hours at a time. “I try to look pretty, eat pretty, and eat a lot of delicious food,” they say.
The Diva's show is part cooking program, part virtual community. Fans tune in to see what they cook (it varies, but it is always a lot) and how they eat it (with relish). They also send recipes, and ask them questions. (‘How do you eat so much?') As a sign of appreciation, they send “balloons,” a digital currency that can be converted to cash. They say they now make about $9000 per month.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Park is at the leading edge of South Korea's burgeoning meok-bang, or ‘broadcast eating' fad. There are thousands of hosts, although they are currently the most popular in the category. Two things are driving the trend, they say: an obsession with food, eating and dieting, and the loneliness of urban life.
The Diva's show is a sensory feast. You can hear the meat sizzle and the mustard squirt. After cutting a particularly juicy piece of steak, Park spears it with their fork and holds it before the camera, turning it just slightly until it glistens in the light. They take a bite. “Juicy,” they say, between chews. “It just melts away in my mouth.”
The Diva's meals are mostly multi-course, multi-hour affairs featuring abnormally large portions. That's part of the appeal. A lot of their fans are young people, particularly young women, who face tremendous pressure to stay thin. “A lot of my fans are on a diet,” they say. “Watching me eat gives them a vicarious thrill.”
The tone is sensual, but not overtly sexual. Park is the first to admit that their looks are part of the appeal. Although they insist they do not purge or diet, they say they spend about 1.5 hours a day doing their makeup and hair, and strives to both “eat pretty” and look good. The day TIME met her, camera in-tow, they went to the butcher's shop in spike heels.
But the show is, quite literally, family friendly. After several years of broadcasting solo, Park made their parents regular guests. They drive to their home several nights a week to help their grocery shop, prepare food, and interact with the audience. “We tell the fans they should eat with their parents,” says their dad, Park Il-lyun, 64. “Now I have my own fans too.”
For some viewers the broadcast is a nightly ritual, a virtual re-enactment of a family meal. The number of one-person households in South Korea expected to jump from 25.3% in 2012 to 32.7% in 2030, the fastest rate among rich-world countries, according Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. “Many people are eating alone,” Park says. “My show makes them feel like they are eating with a friend.”
The Diva's fans, like real-life friends and family, are full of questions and advice. “Do you have a boyfriend?” they ask. “How do you manage to stay so slim?,” “Where do you buy your makeup?,” “What brand of oil do you use?” After watching them prepare and eat an outrageous amount of beef, one fan wrote-in with some health advice: “Eating too much meat is bad for your kidneys.”
Certainly, the lifestyle takes its toll. Park's success in the virtual world has changed their real life. They make more money than they did at their office job, sure, but they spend most of their time alone, prepping, shopping and broadcasting. It is tough to make dinner plans, or meet a life partner (which they say they would like to do), when you have a standing date with three or four thousand online voyeurs.
But they work hard to downplay the difficulty, to make it all look easy. Park is the woman who eats as much as they please, but doesn't gain a pound, the dinner companion who never tires of your company.  They are selling the same thing that television shows have been peddling for years: fantasy. And audiences eat it up.
—with reporting by Stephen Kim / Incheon, South Korea
Write to Emily Rauhala at emily_rauhala@timeasia.com.
Sometime in the 1370's, French scrivener Nicolas Flamel purchased a strange 21-page book penned in a language unbeknownst to him. The minute, yet mystifying tome utterly engrossed Flamel, who promptly decided to dedicate their life to unraveling its secrets. Around 1378, Flamel's quest led them to Spain, where they met a sage who identified the tome as a copy of the original Book of Abramelin the Mage. Armed with this knowledge, Flamel and their wife Perenelle deciphered enough of the writing to reveal the recipe for the prized Philosopher's Stone, which they then used to transmute dung to gold and to concoct the "Elixir of Life," a highly sought after potion that bestows the drinker with immortality.
Or so the story goes...
In reality, the alchemists of antiquity unrelentingly toiled to attain immortality and achieve chrysopoeia -- the transmutation of other substances into gold -- but by all factual accounts of history, they came up empty-handed. In the process, however, they laid the foundations for modern day chemistry, so their efforts weren't completely fruitless.
If those ancient alchemists of yore magically came back to life today, that knowledge might be of little consolation. And they might be even more jaundiced to learn that present-day alchemists routinely transmute gold on a daily basis.
That's right. Thanks to modern science, alchemy is quite real.
Today the discipline's practitioners have different titles: nuclear and particle physicists. That's because gold can be manufactured within nuclear reactors by irradiating either platinum or mercury. Particle accelerators accomplish the same feat, though through a different process. By accelerating particles to monumental speeds and smashing them together or into certain target materials, neutrons and protons are knocked free and new elements are created.
The particle accelerator GSI in Germany can create an astounding two million new gold atoms each second, prompting the obvious question, "Where are physicists hoarding all of that bling?"
The answer of course is that they keep it in caves defended by dragons there isn't much bling produced in the first place. Two million atoms of "Au" may sound like a lot, but because those atoms are so infinitesimally small, GSI would have to operate around-the-clock for 50 million years just to produce one gram of gold! So while the gold-transmuting facet of alchemy is entirely real, it's not in the least bit efficient or profitable.
But who knows? Perhaps Nicolas Flamel is out there right now, leading a quiet and unassuming immortal life with their wife Perenelle and their gold-producing Philosopher's Stone, chuckling at our comparatively meager alchemical abilities.
(Image: Vials via Shutterstock)
futureHoops
FutureHoops use animated LEDs to create mesmerizing trails. FutureHoop Pro is a solid choice for most flow artists who want a beautiful, remote-controlled smart hoop with no configuration required. The Designer series is fully programmable but requires access to a Windows or OSX computer to take advantage of its advanced customizing features.
Note! We renamed FutureHoop Remote to FutureHoop Pro. We combined them into one product since they use the exact same programming. Get a 5/8 FutureHoop Pro with a removable battery if you're looking for an ultra-light smart hoop! Only the name has changed, it's still the exact same hoops. 😊
more info:
FutureHoop Comparison Chart Which FutureHoop is right for me? If you want the ability to upload custom bitmaps or motion reactivity, get Futurehoop Designer.
If you want remote control and customizability without having to use a computer, get FutureHoop Pro.
If you don't need a remote control and just want a beautiful lower priced smart hoop get a FutureHoop Shuffle. FutureHoop Specs Note! We renamed FutureHoop Remote to FutureHoop Pro (removable battery). Get a 5/8 FutureHoop Pro with a removable battery if you're looking for a ultra-light smart hoop! We combined them into one product since they use the exact same programming. Only the name has changed, it's still the exact same hoop. 😊 For a detailed comparison, check out our FutureHoop Comparison Guide. (on mobile: scroll left or right on mobile to see the whole chart) FutureHoop with Removable Battery 3/4
Designer 5/8 & 3/4
Pro 5/8 & 3/4
Shuffle pattern
manipulation fully
programmable
with
computer customizable
with
remote select
mode to
autoplay LED
resolution
LEDs/meter Standard: 36
HD: 62 36 36 Continual
Battery
Runtime 2-4
hours
HD: 1-2
hours 5/8:
1-3 hours
3/4:
2-4 hours 5/8:
1-3 hours
3/4:
2-4 hours remote
control 7-key only
create
patterns
on your
computer customize
patterns
with
44-key
& 7-key download
new patterns
& updates ✓ motion
reactive ✓ customizable
choreography
files ✓ sync
timing
changes
from remote ✓ ✓ stop on a
pattern ✓ ✓ save
patterns
to favorites ✓ ✓ battery
gap size 2 LEDs
5 HD LEDs 2 LEDs 2 LEDs power
& charging 4
rechargeable
lithium-ion
batteries
+ charger 4
rechargeable
lithium-ion
batteries
+ charger 4
rechargeable
lithium-ion
batteries
+ charger li-ion
battery
type 14500 5/8: 10440
3/4: 14500 5/8: 10440
3/4: 14500 recharge
time 2-4
hours
per
battery 2-4
hours
per
battery 2-4
hours
per
battery resizing ✓ ✓ ✓ FutureHoop with Internal Battery 3/4
Designer 3/4
Pro pattern
manipulation fully
programmable customizable LED
resolution
LEDs/meter Standard: 36
HD: 62 36 Continual
Battery
Runtime 2-5
hours
HD: 1-2
hours 2-5
hours remote
control 7-key only
create
patterns
on your
computer customize
patterns
with
44-key
& 7-key download
new patterns
& updates ✓ motion
reactive ✓ customizable
choreography
files ✓ sync
timing
changes
from remote ✓ ✓ stop on a
pattern ✓ ✓ save
patterns
to favorites ✓ ✓ battery
gap size gapless
1-2 HD LEDs gapless power
& charging micro
USB
cord,
USB wall
charger micro
USB
cord,
USB wall
charger battery
type internal
li-ion internal
li-ion recharge
time 4-6
hours
plugged
in 4-6
hours
plugged
in resizing ✓ ✓ (on mobile: scroll left or right on mobile to see the whole chart)
What if we let it up to Arab artists to be the ones to tell their (hi)story ? Mohamed Sqalli Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 3, 2017 In the past few years, Arab aesthetics have been omnipresent in fashion, cinema, photography and music. For Arab creatives, this felt like a source of pride and the hope for greater visibility, at first. Till the day they realized Western creatives were covering those projects solo. With Ilyes Griyeb, Moroccan photographer and recent victim of plagiarism, we decided to talk about this reality.
Initially published in French, this article was translated by Meriem Bennani. “Hey, what did you think of The Blaze's latest music video ?” We had to answer this question about twenty times since February. “The Blaze's latest music video”, it's the visual gem that premiered last February for Territory, a track by Guillaume et Jonathan Alric, aka The Blaze. A highly crafted music video produced by Iconoclast (one of the biggest music video production companies worldwide) and shot in Algiers, which tells stories around masculinity and the return to origins. The video has encountered a quasi-unanimous success in French and international creative spheres. We naturally appreciated the effort, but couldn't help wondering: — Cool, but why Algiers ? Le second clip de The Blaze, sorti en février dernier a connu un vrai succès viral In an effort to understand the answer to this question, and thinking more generally about the reasons why European creatives have drawn inspiration from Arab countries for about 5 years, a few (non exhaustive) hypotheses have come to mind : — These territories haven't been fully photographically drained yet, therefore offering an easy alternative to overused postcard landscapes known from all. — Less than a 3h flight away are complex societies, heavy in vivacious tensions that make for powerful narrative opportunities. — Authenticity (THE creative token of the 2010's) is omnipresent there. From locations to casting and styling, everything is original and feels real. — Globalized thinking is conscious and diverse. The Blaze or the Fearless Girl of Wall Street have scored 5 Grand Prizes at the last Lions de Cannes. — With the return of 1990's fashion, the figure of the “racaille” (sportswear loving North-African or African alpha male) has made a come back for creators, overused in fashion, photography and cinema.
Yulya Shadrinsky pour Modzik — JOUR/NÉ
“But why does it bother you ? There are many Arab creatives working in Europe.” True. And we can't help but notice that those are the most successful ones. Nabil Ayouch, Abdellatif Kechiche, Hassan Hajjaj, Leila Slimani owe their artistic recognition to their opportunity to express themselves in Europe. Which brings us to the next point. European creatives can take offers from Arab countries faster and more efficiently than local artists due to a greater economic, political and cultural capital : 1- Western creatives have closer access to the expectations of the cultural market and can subsequently fulfill them better. 2- Cultural markets are quasi inexistant in Arab countries. 3- The Algerian ministry of culture's budget amounts to €130 millions for this year, while France's is up to €33 billion. 4- Arab creatives do not benefit from the same freedom of circulation as their Western peers, because their passports are practically useless. 5- Western creatives are more connected to globalized decision making networks. These few factors have allowed for The Blaze's manager's intuition to shoot a video in Algeria (1), with the help of a label (Believe) to fund it (2), eventually receiving extra financial help from the state (3), flying a full French crew to Algiers (4) and finally applying for creative awards that will lock the video into posterity. If any of the young Algerians cast in the music video had tried to pursue the reverse endeavor in France, their quest would have ended at the French consulate where the visa application (denied most times for the youth in fear of illegal immigration) would cost €90 (in a country where minimum wage is €150 /month).
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Several potential Republican presidential candidates courted gun-rights supporters Friday at the National Rifle Association's annual convention, talking up their pro-gun credentials while imploring the crowd to fight not just for their Second Amendment rights but for other freedoms they say are being threatened.
U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, former Pennsylvania U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal addressed the NRA's annual leadership forum, a kind of political pep rally the organization considers one of its premier events. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and U.S. Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire also recorded brief videos that were played for the crowd of more than 2,000 inside Lucas Oil Stadium, home to the Indianapolis Colts.
One after another, the possible 2016 contenders thanked the NRA and its members for flexing their considerable political muscle to help push back recent gun-control efforts, including legislation following the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut that would have required background checks for gun purchases. They said that same activism will be critical heading into elections this fall, in 2016 and beyond.
Jindal charged that Vice President Joe Biden and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, both possible Democratic presidential candidates, think the Second Amendment is little more than “a phrase from a speechwriter.”
“If they had their way they'd simply cut and paste the Constitution and just get rid of the Second Amendment entirely,” said Jindal, who approved several gun rights bills last year, including one that creates stiff penalties for those who knowingly publish the names of gun permit holders.
Rubio opposed limiting gun rights after Sandy Hook, but they also saw their NRA grade drop from an A to a B+ amid criticism of their stance on some gun-rights legislation.
They said Friday that being able to provide a safe home for one's family is fundamental to achieving the American dream. And they said that while gun-rights supporters were outraged and saddened by violence such as Sandy Hook, public policy “must be guided by common sense.”
“Making it harder for law-abiding Americans to defend themselves has not, does not and will not prevent future tragedies such as these,” Rubio said.
Both Santorum and Pence noted their wives share their love of guns. Pence, who approved a measure this year to allow guns in locked vehicles on school property, said when they met their wife, they had a gun and a motorcycle and “it was love at first sight.”
Santorum said it's not just gun rights that are under assault. They called on the NRA's millions of members to also fight for religious freedom and First Amendment rights.
“Just protecting the Second Amendment while all other freedoms falter isn't a winning strategy,” Santorum said. “We need you to engage.”
Among the more than 70,000 people expected to attend the three-day convention was Estel Rhoton of Lebanon, Ind., who made the trip with their wife and daughter. The 64-year-old union electrician said they think Jindal “could be presidential timber.” But they liked them all.
“Any of these guys would be so far above what we've got now,” Rhoton said. “It's not even close.”
Gun-control supporters also were making their voices heard, holding rallies outside the event throughout the weekend. An Associated Press-GfK poll in December found that 52 percent of Americans favored stricter gun laws, 31 percent wanted them left as they were, and 15 percent said they should be loosened.
Two other Republicans considered possible presidential candidates, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, didn't attend.
Bush has attended the NRA's past conferences and has signed legislation supported by the group. In 2005, they signed the measure which allows a person to use deadly force when threatened in public places. The law received attention in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida in 2012. Bush also supports instant background checks for gun-show gun purchases, an unpopular position with the NRA.
However, Bush has kept their distance this year from such events and been selective making public political statements ahead of any announcement about their plans for 2016.
Christie has not been as popular with the NRA as Bush. In 2009, as a candidate for governor, they staunchly opposed a measure in Congress that would have superseded the state's strict laws forbidding carrying concealed weapons. That bill would have required New Jersey to recognize concealed-carry permits from out-of-state visitors to the state.
However, Christie has kept a lower political profile outside their chairpersonship of the Republican Governors Association. Supporters say raising money for that group, and the GOP governors and candidates running this year, is consuming most of their political time.
They were in Seaside, N.J., on Friday, the site of some of the worst damage from the 2012 storm that ravaged the Jersey Shore.
Welcome to a new series, called LIC reviews!
Since I bang on about LICs, I thought it best that I go through a few and review them for you guys. And in doing so, explain my thinking and why I find them attractive for our portfolio.
So from time to time, I'll review various Listed Investment Companies. These are often LICs I own personally. And I'm happy to rely on these vehicles to give us the income we require, to sustain our financial independence.
Let's get started…
Australian Foundation Investment Company (ASX:AFI)
History
AFIC was established around 90 years ago, back in 1928. Today, they're the largest Listed Investment Company on the Aussie sharemarket.
Investors can buy shares in AFIC just like any other share, through their stockbroker.
AFIC now manages a portfolio of around $7 billion worth of Aussie shares. They have invested through many different cycles and varying market conditions.
Being long-term focused, the company will look past short-term noise about the markets or it's investments. Instead, AFIC focuses on the long-term potential of the companies they invest in. And the ability of those investments to provide increased earnings and dividends in the years ahead.
AFIC's Company Objectives
Here we go, straight from their website…
Our primary goals are:
to pay dividends which, over time, grow faster than the rate of inflation; and to provide attractive total returns over the medium to long term.
Sounds pretty good to me. In fact, that's exactly what we desire for our own portfolio!
As a result, this is why these LICs sit so well with me. Our goals are the same. So we're invested accordingly.
Investment Portfolio
AFIC has a large diversified portfolio of shares – around 100 different companies.
Since they have such a large amount of money to manage, the portfolio is understandably weighted towards the largest companies on the ASX.
Here's the breakdown of the portfolio by sector:
A good mix of investments there.
Because of this weighting towards large companies, the portfolio is similar to the Aussie market index. But although it's similar to the ASX 200, there are still some notable differences. See below…
Also, you can see a list of their largest holdings here.
So hopefully, you've now got a sense of how AFIC is invested. One point I'd like to make – they manage the portfolio with their main objective in mind (a growing income stream).
Rather than replicating the index or buying what's popular, they invest for the long-term income stream.
Most importantly, their dividend focus keeps them out of trouble when the next fad comes up. Whether it's lithium stocks, marijuana stocks, or whatever. AFIC will just keep looking for profitable businesses. And those that can grow earnings and dividends over time.
As a result, the portfolio is satisfyingly boring!
Performance
The last 10 years have been rough for Aussie shares. Maybe you've seen the headlines screaming “zero returns for a decade!”
While this is true in terms of share price, it (stupidly) ignores dividends.
Truthfully, the starting point of 10 years ago is a little unfair. For one thing, we had that thing called the GFC!
So if one looks at 5 year or 15 year returns, they look much more normal. Give it 18 months or so, and then the 10 year returns will look incredible!
Anyway, let's look how AFIC has fared over the last 10 years, including dividends, compared to the ASX 200…
So we can see that AFIC has managed to outperform the index nicely over the last 10 years.
Rather than getting zero returns, you would have earned close to an 80% return, over 10 years. And mind you, this is assuming you invested at the worst possible time (right before the GFC).
Being dividend investors, our focus is on the growing income stream. It's just a bonus if our companies manage to outperform the index – it's not the main goal.
Speaking of growing income…
Dividend Growth
Now, let's look at whether AFIC has met it's objective of providing growing dividends to shareholders.
Importantly, their goal is to grow dividends faster than inflation (CPI). So let's check that…
Seems like they've solidly ticked this box. And over all periods, including the GFC.
This is an important point. While the GFC must have been painful for many, it wasn't a disaster for everyone. Many LICs keep some profits in reserve, so they can smooth dividends to shareholders over time.
Because times aren't always good and companies cut their dividends, the LICs will use their profit reserve to make sure their shareholders receive a relatively steady dividend, where possible.
Here's their dividend history in chart form…
As we can see, AFIC was one of the companies who kept their dividend stable during the GFC.
So retirees would have received the same level of dividends, even though AFIC received fewer dividends from their portfolio.
As a shareholder, this is very comforting. It's quite clear, dividend smoothing is a great feature of LICs.
And as AFIC receives higher dividends from it's portfolio over the years, they regularly reward shareholders with a pay-rise.
Fees
AFIC is also one of the lowest-cost ways to invest in Aussie shares.
Its Management Expense Ratio (MER) is 0.14% In other words, very, very low. AFIC also charge no performance fees. Also, they're internally managed – meaning no fees are going to an outside manager.
The MER is essentially the costs of managing the company. Things like staff, office rent, equipment etc. It's an important point. Because as their portfolio increases, their costs stay roughly the same. As a result, the MER tends to drop.
Only this year, their expense ratio dropped from 0.16%, to 0.14%. Essentially, the internal management structure means the savings go to shareholders.
Overall, AFIC is a very low-cost way to access a managed portfolio of Aussie shares.
Likes
I really like AFIC's long history, and track record of dividend growth. Also, it's large diversified portfolio – around 100 companies from many different sectors.
Since they've shown good performance vs the index, that's also pleasing. But it's their objective that I find the most appealing:
To pay dividends which grow faster than inflation, and achieve attractive total returns over the medium to long term.
Living solely on investments, it's critical that our income is relatively stable and keeps up with inflation over the years. So I'm comforted by the fact that increasing dividends is AFIC's goal too.
For accumulators in higher tax-brackets, they also offer a Bonus Share Plan, or Dividend Substitution Share Plan. This is where you receive bonus shares instead of dividends, and pay no tax. It's all ATO approved, I swear!
Essentially, this caps the tax rate at 30% (company has paid tax already, you pay none). If I was starting my journey today, and in a high tax-bracket, I'd definitely look to harness this benefit.
In fact, I wrote a lengthy post about using these plans and the tax efficiency of dividends in general here: The Surprising Tax Efficiency of Dividend Investing.
Also, given AFIC is a long-term investment company, the ATO has also allowed them to pass on the Capital Gains Tax discount to shareholders. So every now and then your dividend will come with franking credits, plus a special Capital Gains Tax discount, tax deduction. Win, win!
Dislikes
If anything, I would prefer AFIC had less exposure to resources companies. Primarily, because of the less reliable dividend streams from resource companies generally, which I spoke of here.
But since they tend to focus on only the largest and strongest dividend-paying resource companies, it may not be a problem.
Also, their portfolio size may become tricky. With $7 billion, it may be hard to make meaningful new investments, without buying large stakes in small companies.
And given their long term ownership of some stocks, there would likely be a large tax bill triggered if they sold. There's a chance this makes them hold on to companies with less-than-bright futures for too long.
Admittedly, the portfolio is probably still a little heavy on financial shares. But to be fair, they've been some of the most profitable companies in Australia. And many financial companies pay great dividends, so for an income investor, they're hard to ignore.
In Summary
Overall, I'm a fan of AFIC.
To me, they're a great low-fuss option for investing in Australian shares. With a portfolio of 100 companies, our dividend income is sourced from many different businesses.
I think that AFIC should have good performance over the longer term. And I'm confident, in 30 years time they'll be paying much higher dividends to shareholders.
Finally, I'm putting my money where my mouth is – I've been buying AFIC shares for our own portfolio.
Currently, it's on a dividend yield of 4%. Or 5.7% gross yield (including franking credits). That's a pretty attractive starting point. And an income which should grow steadily over the years.
A low-cost, long-term, dividend-focused and tax-efficient investment vehicle…what's not to like!
Enjoyed this LIC review? You can find my other LIC reviews here, including Argo, Milton and some other favourites.
And to get all my latest posts, simply subscribe below…
Image caption Circles show the galaxies making up the protocluster far in the background
Astronomers have revealed the most distant cluster of galaxies ever observed, caught at a never-before-seen stage of development.
Cosmos-Aztec3 has been described as a "metropolis in the making", because such clusters are believed to grow like cities, absorbing outlying villages.
It lies 12.6 billion light years away, and appears to be just tens or hundreds of millions of years old.
Galaxy clusters discovered to date have been billions of years further along.
By contrast, the light from the "protocluster" Cosmos-Aztec3 left when the Universe itself was just one billion years old.
Galaxy clusters grow over billions of years, drawing together many galaxies and huge amounts of gas to form the largest structures in our Universe.
However, their earliest formative stages have remained a matter for speculation because they have not been caught this early in the process of formation.
Peter Capak, an astronomer from the California Institute of Technology, presented the result at the annual meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Seattle to coincide with the publication of the work in the journal Nature.
"We're seeing the seeds of a galaxy metropolis, a city of galaxies that will eventually grow into a large city like London," Dr Capak told BBC News.
"But we're seeing it when it was very small; we can see the conditions around the city that will eventually lead to it growing into a major metropolis."
Star production
The find came out of the Cosmos survey, a concentrated effort making use of many of the world's major telescopes, trained on a large chunk of the night sky.
Image caption Simulation shows how the growth of clusters is similar to urban sprawl
The find was surprising for a number of reasons, mostly because the cluster - a collection of objects with more mass than 400 billion Suns - is extraordinarily active.
It contains an unexpectedly high amount of activity, sporting a quasar spewing copious amounts of radio waves, a black hole 30 million times more massive than our Sun, and a large amount of cool gas.
What is more, the cluster is forming some 4,000 new stars a year.
"Not only is this city incredibly massive at this huge distance in the early Universe, but it's also growing at a very rapid rate," Dr Capak said.
Rogier Windhorst, an astronomer from Arizona State University, called the result "very exciting stuff", principally because such clusters are expected to be incredibly rare in the earliest days of the Universe.
"The city analogy is a good one here," they told BBC News.
"If you go looking for Los-Angeles-sized cities in the Mediterranean in the year zero, you won't find any; if you look in Europe in 1900, you're getting somewhere close, and today you can find them all over," Mr Windhorst said.
"The fact that the mass growth can be that high in such a region that early on is really remarkable."
Dr Capak and their collaborators have not yet fully sifted through the data that Cosmos-Aztec3 yielded, and on the basis of theoretical models they expect to find four more ancient clusters in the area of the sky that they studied.
As a result, this most distant early cosmic neighbourhood may not hold the record for long.
Daniel Sturridge on the Derby
“First and foremost I'm excited. Its my favourite game. I love it, I love that game. The feeling in the city is completely different when you play that game, the energy and everything. So I'm looking forward to it. In terms of whether I'm going to play or not that's the manager's decision but I am ready for whatever, ready for anything that the manager wants to do, I feel I'm ready to start. But it's down to the manager to pick the team. I've had a week and a bit's worth of training as well as the two games that I've come on and played a part, and looking forward to getting back into it and playing 90 minutes and performing as best as I can.”
Daniel Sturridge on what Liverpool will miss about Gerrard
“It's hard to put your finger on one thing. First and foremost the way they play, their passing, their leadership, they do everything, they can score goals, they can tackle they can do everything. Aside from that the leadership qualities in the dressing room, around the training ground, that respect for what they have done in the game It's hard to find somebody who has got the record. There are not many players out there that's playing professionally right now that's achieved what he's achieved.”
Watch BT Sport's Michael Owen interview Daniel Sturridge on Matchday Live with Fletch and Sav, Saturday from 10am on BT Sport 1. Watch Liverpool v Tottenham live on BT Sport 1 from 7.15pm on Tuesday 10th Feb.
Also check out Fans Corners' preview of the Merseyside Derby here.
Empty bookcases cover an entire wall of Ronald A. Crutcher's office. The University of Richmond's new president, dressed in a natty bow tie, is so new that he's arrived before their books.
Crutcher, the former president of Wheaton College in Massachusetts, was named the 10th president of the private, 185-year-old university in February. They began their first day at the helm of UR on July 1.
He's also a prominent cellist, with doctorate and master's degrees in music from Yale University. He's served on the board of orchestras in Boston, Cincinnati and Cleveland and also has taught or been an administrator at the University of Texas at Austin, the Cleveland Institute of Music and the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
While heading Wheaton for 10 years, they were credited with growing its finances. At Richmond, they replace Edward Ayers, a Civil War scholar who will remain on the university's faculty. Crutcher will be inaugurated Oct. 30, after the class of 2019 has settled into its first couple of months on campus.
Style: What do you want to do at the University of Richmond?
Crutcher: One of the attractions to Richmond is its commitment to be a need-blind tuition funding school, which is critical in my estimation. It is one of the fewer than 40 universities in the U.S. that is committed to providing 100-percent funding of students whose families make less than $60,000 a year. Accessibility and affordability are dear to my heart.
Why is this so?
You don't want to have a bifurcated system where quality education is provided only to higher-income families and those from lower-middle- and lower-[income] families end up with everything else.
What percentage of the total student body benefits from the program?
It's very small, like 2 percent. It seems lower than it should be but there could be reasons for that.
You had some successes at Wheaton at fundraising. What techniques worked?
If you do a campaign, you want to exceed your goal. At Wheaton, we had a goal of $120 million when we started out the campaign. The final amount was $137.6 million.
How did you do it?
We engaged a lot of folks. It's really developing relationships with folks. You are on the road. You visit with them and gain their trust.
Richmond has benefitted from a number of wealthy families in this area, such as the Robins and Weinstein families, but they are growing older. What can you do to develop new sources of revenue?
Richmond has been incredibly fortunate to have had those families, but even before my coming here, we had a goal of $115 million and ended with $172 million. During that campaign, we were able to engage 45 percent of all undergraduate students and 18,000 of our alums.
You are obviously an accomplished musician, a cellist. How will that background in music help you do here?
It's not just my background in music, it's the type of music I do. My area of focus is chamber music. You have to work collaboratively for a collective performance. I'm a great listener, I am a poly-phonic listener, I can listen to more than one conversation at a time. It's very useful at a cocktail party.
That must come in handy when you're fundraising.
When I'm leading, I know when to lay back and let other people talk as opposed to asserting myself.
You're going to teach music?
Eventually. Not during the first year.
Have you had any association with Richmond music groups like the Richmond Symphony?
Yes I have. It just happens that Steven Smith, the music director of the Richmond Symphony, was one of my advisees when I was vice president and dean at the Cleveland Institute of Music. They had come back to get their second master's degree. I have agreed to be on the board.
Richmond has made initiatives with downtown campus. What do you see about expanding UR's presence?
The expansion of Richmond downtown was something that I found really intriguing. It's absolutely the right thing to do. I had a meeting yesterday with Mayor [Dwight] Jones on my second day on the job. … I am very, very interested in the school system.
UR has excellent liberal arts, law and business schools, but it isn't known for research. Would you try to change this?
Science-minded students apply here because they can get the same quality of education experience with access to research tools but also get more faculty attention.
We've had quite of storm of protest in Virginia triggered by the now-discredited Rolling Stone article on an alleged rape at the University of Virginia and binge drinking. What is your view?
That whole issue of sexual assault and alcoholism is right up there in the top five of challenges. Richmond was really in the forefront of developing programs to better educate our students about sexual assault and there are a number of initiatives.
What about some controversies on campus about sports — eliminating men's track and soccer and adding lacrosse?
The decision to do some alignment was made before me. As far as I can tell, it was a thoughtful one. Scholar-athletes learn a great deal about leadership, life and how to manage multiple priorities through their participating in athletics.
Who's your favorite composer?
That's a terrible question. If I were forced to say one composer, it would have to be Brahms. S
Editor's note: In the print version of this story, we misreported "need-based" rather than "need-blind."
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
h/t englandrichard – According to Bloomberg, Green energy shortages caused by extreme winter could have turned the EU energy market into a gigantic Prisoner's Dilemma, with national governments tempted to take care of their own people, before allowing electricity exports to their European partners.
Winter Cold Exposes Soft Underbelly of EU Energy Union Goal
by Ladka Mortkowitz Bauerova
9 February 2017, 15:00 GMT+10 9 February 2017, 20:18 GMT+10
As freezing weather triggered energy shortages across southeast Europe at the start of the year, Bulgaria's refusal to export power was typical in a region where everyone had to fend for themselves.
Nations from Greece to Hungary hoarded power last month in response to the coldest winter in a decade, exposing the weakness of the region's power markets, which should enjoy unrestricted flows. Temperatures in the Balkans and surrounding countries are expected to drop below freezing again next week.
The reaction highlights the European Union's struggle to break down national barriers for power and gas, integrate markets and bolster energy security as it tries to ease dependence on Russian fuel. While many southeast European countries are in the EU, they have been slow to modernize plants and cables in a region where assets per person for production and infrastructure are about a third of that in advanced Europe, according to the International Monetary Fund.
“What I see in the Balkans is clear evidence that everybody first secures its own consumption and only then, if they're in a position to do so, they'll help the others,'' said Andras Totth, the deputy chief executive officer of strategy at Hungarian state-controlled utility MVM.
…
While aging infrastructure is a concern, the main obstacle to integrating markets in the region is lingering political distrust between the countries, according to Julian Popov, a Fellow at the European Climate Foundation and a former environment minister of Bulgaria. Every time power or gas supplies get tight, the nations' top politicians panic and order exports to stop, which hurts traders, they said.
“It creates a typical prisoner dilemma — countries start thinking only of themselves,” Popov said.
…
BRETT Finch has taken time off from their NRL commentary duties at Channel Nine and 2GB to undergo treatment for health issues.
The TV and radio stations have confirmed that Finch stood themselves down from duties before last weekend's round of football and is expected to be off-air for several weeks.
Finch's manager Steve Gillisconfirmed the former State of Origin and premiership halfback had taken a break from work for medical reasons but would not go into further detail.
The Sunday Telegraph understands Finch is undergoing treatment in a rehab clinic that specialises in anxiety, depression, drugs and alcohol abuse.
The brave decision to get help has been encouraged by their friends.
Like a lot of high-profile sports stars, Finch has struggled to adjust to life in retirement.
Their condition is believed to be similar to the problems that floored swimming champions Ian Thorpe and Grant Hackettand their great friend Andrew Johns after their retirement.
WHAT'S THE BUZZ II: Saint, sinner, shoosh
media_camera Finch has stood themselves down from commentary duties to seek help.
According to an overseas study, one in four footballers suffers mental health issues after retiring from their sport.
Finch was a notorious larrikin during their playing days and one of the most popular footballers in the NRL, renowned for their happy-go-lucky approach to the game and the good times off the field.
They mixed with the game's glamour players and high-society mates and was the best man at Anthony Minichiello's celebrity wedding to Terry Biviano.
They also attended the wedding of their great friend and former teammate Luke Ricketson to Kate Waterhouse in Italy in 2012.
media_camera Roosters chairperson Nick Politis.
Finch played for five clubs in their 330-game career — the Raiders, Roosters, Eels, Wigan Warriors and Melbourne Storm.
Their career highlight was kicking the match-winning State of Origin field goal in 2006 after coming into the Blues side as a late replacement.
For help with emotional difficulties contact Lifeline on 13 11 14.
THIS ROOSTER CROWS
ROOSTERS boss Nick Politis has had some memorable disagreements and disputes with the NRL hierarchy over the years. On Saturday at Allianz Stadium it was no different.
We spotted the passionate Roosters supremo exchanging heated words with the NRL's Head of Football Todd Greenberg in the tunnel at Saturday's game while the two teams were off the field during the rain break. Greenberg left to watch the second-half from the more comfortable surroundings of the Trust suite.
HAIL MARY: Dragons overcome Roosters and wild weather
EELS ELECTIONS
PARRAMATTA'S old bossDenis Fitzgeraldhas had an application to stand for the Eels board at the elections rejected on the grounds of alleged misconduct as a former employee.
 They are legally challenging the decision and could apply for a Supreme Court injunction as early as tomorrow to prevent the election from going ahead.
Fitzgerald points out they were paid a redundancy and was not sacked when they left the Eels six years ago.
Not to be confused with tart tort , or torta
Chocolate torte with decorated top
A torte or [1] (from Italian torta) is a rich, usually multilayered, cake that is filled with whipped cream, buttercreams, mousses, jams, or fruits.[2]
Ordinarily, the cooled torte is glazed and garnished.
Tortes are commonly baked in a springform pan. Sponge cake is a common base, but a torte's cake layers may instead be made with little to no flour, using ingredients such as ground nuts or breadcrumbs.
Origin [ edit ]
[3] Food writer Julie R. Thomson has called the burnt almond torte from Prantl's Bakery in Pittsburgh the best cake in America.
Whiskey torte
The most well-known of the typical tortes include the Austrian Sachertorte and Linzertorte, the German Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte, and the many-layered Hungarian Dobos torte. But other well-known European confections are also tortes, such as the French Gâteau St. Honoré.[citation needed]
In Poland, Ukraine, and Russia cakes are usually called tortes without differentiating between cake and torte. In Polish, as an example, the English word torte is translated into Polish as tort, but tort can be also translated as layer cake or cream cake. Birthday cake is tort urodzinowy and wedding cake is tort weselny[4] (though the general word for cake is ciasto). The diminutive of tort, torcik is translated as tart or gateau.[5]
Icing [ edit ]
An element common to some tortes is sweet icing (exceptions are several French tortes, such as Gâteau Mercédès and Gâteau Alcazar.) When the cake is layered, a thick covering of icing is placed between the layers, and there is almost always icing on the tops and sides of the torte. An example is the whiskey cake. A number of European tortes do not have layers. Some, for instance German-style "Käsesahnetorte", are unbaked.
Well-known European tortes [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
[van id=”politics/2017/11/25/charles-barkley-endorses-doug-jones-sot.cnn”]
(CNN) — Former NBA star Charles Barkley weighed in on the Alabama Senate race Saturday, saying embattled Republican candidate Roy Moore should be disqualified from the race because of their association with former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
“I mean Roy Moore is running with Steve Bannon as their right-hand man, who is a white separatist,” Barkley said, referring to Bannon's support among the so-called alt-right movement. “I'm not even get into the women stuff, but how can you be a white separatist and represent all the constituents in your state? I mean everybody is going crazy over the sexual allegations. Roy Moore to me, when they brought in Steve Bannon, should have been disqualified.”
Barkley, who made the remarks to reporters before the Alabama-Auburn football game, added that the backing from Bannon should have “disqualified Roy Moore way before this women stuff came up.”
Moore is facing accusations that they pursued romantic relationships with several women when they were teenagers and they were in their 30s, including one woman who alleges they were 14 at the time they said Moore touched them inappropriately. The legal age of consent in Alabama is 16. Another woman has accused Moore of sexually assaulting them when they were 16.
Moore has repeatedly denied the allegations. Their campaign did not immediately return a request for comment Saturday on Barkley's remarks.
Bannon, who returned to the conservative news site Breitbart as its executive chairperson after being ousted from the White House in August, has called the website a “platform for the alt-right,” a loose association of far-right groups that generally believe in such things as isolationism, protectionism and white nationalism. They have also called white supremacists “losers.”
Barkley, an Auburn graduate and native Alabaman, was being honored with a statue for their time at the university. The Hall of Fame basketball player, who considered running for governor of the state in 2014, said if they still lived in Alabama, they would vote for Democratic Senate candidate Doug Jones.
While many members of the GOP establishment have disavowed Moore, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, President Donald Trump has not done so, telling reporters Tuesday, “I mean, Roy Moore denies it. And by the way, it is a total denial. And I do have to say 40 years is a long time. He's run eight races and this has never come up. Forty years is a long time,” Trump said, pointing to the amount of time that has passed since the alleged behavior.
Moore is one of the several candidates Bannon is backing in their anti-establishment push to unseat incumbent Senate Republicans in primaries next year.
Eye Makeup Map
This eye makeup map shows the different areas of the eye where eye shadow (and eye liner) can be applied.
I took a picture of my eye without any makeup and used Photoshop to paint in the areas of the eye that I refer to in my Looks and Techniques pages.
For the lid section, it refers to the entire lid area colored in light pink (it can also extend to the outer V area). Sometimes I have looks where I apply one color to the “center lid” only, which is also called the “ball of the eye”. If you look straight in the mirror, the center lid will be as wide as your iris (the colored part of your eye).
For several of my looks, when I apply a color to the outer V, I usually blend the same color inwards along the contour/crease with a fluffy blending brush.
The sections labeled upper lashline, waterline, and lower lashline are areas where you can line your eye with an eye pencil, gel liner, or even eye shadow.
The inner corner and tear duct are great places to put a white shimmery color to brighten up the eyes.
Study this map and learn the different terms, and it'll be easy to follow along with the Looks I post on this site!
Nutria have contributed to Louisiana coastal erosion with their appetite for plant roots that bind wetlands together. So Cavan restaurant executive chef Nathan Richard wants us to control the population by developing our own appetite -- for nutria.
UPDATE: Menu has changed
He's created a menu full of critters from the swamps, including nutria, alligator and garfish. On Wednesday at 7 p.m., he'll be serving the meal at Cavan, 3607 Magazine St., New Orleans.
Those who'd like to experience the taste of slowing coastal erosion may do so for $65. A portion of the proceeds will benefit Vanishing Paradise, a program launched by Ducks Unlimited and the National Wildlife Federation to raise awareness of coastal land loss.
For an additional $25, each dish will be paired with a beer from Mudbug Brewery, including one called Mudbug Noir, brewed specifically for the event. To reserve a seat, call Cavan at 504.509.7655.
Louisiana's land loss has largely been caused by the Mississippi River levee system, natural subsidence, sea level rise and oil and gas canals. The orange-toothed nutria, as well as other critters, have also played a role: Between 2001 and 2016, nutria converted 26,744 acres of marsh to open water, according to the state Department of Wildlife and Fisheries.
. . . . . . .
Diego Costa scores hat-trick for Chelsea
Loic Remy opens Blues account
Chelsea go three points clear at top
Swansea drop points for first time
Diego Costa scored their first Chelsea hat-trick as they came from behind to beat Swansea and maintain their 100% start to the Premier League season.
Swansea took the lead as John Terry turned a low cross into their own net but Costa equalised just before half-time.
Media playback is not supported on this device Jose Mourinho praises 'special' Diego Costa
Chelsea's dominance was rewarded when Costa converted a Cesc Fabregas pass.
The Spain striker guided a low Ramires shot past Lukasz Fabianski and Loic Remy scored their first Blues goal before Jonjo Shelvey's late consolation.
As Chelsea opened up a three-point gap at the top of the table, summer signings Costa and Fabregas offered further evidence of the extra edge they have added to a team that finished third last season.
Costa, who passed a late fitness test on a hamstring injury suffered on international duty with Spain, departed to a standing ovation after scoring their seventh goal in four games for the Blues.
Fabregas now has six assists, a tally only Eden Hazard exceeded in the whole of Chelsea's 2013-14 campaign.
Did you know? Last season, Chelsea strikers Samuel Eto'o, Fernando Torres and Demba Ba scored 19 league goals between them. Diego Costa has seven in four matches this term.
Swansea had started the match as the only other team in the league with an unblemished record and for much of the first half they were the better side.
They carved out an early opening as Wayne Routledge found space in the area but could not control their volley.
The Welsh team took a surprise lead via a slick passing move. Ki Sung-Yeung opened up the Chelsea defence with a slide-rule pass and left-back Neil Taylor's low cross was diverted by Terry into their own net.
Far from awakening Chelsea, the goal only served to increase Swansea's hunger.
Bafetimbi Gomis, making their first start for the club in attack, twice blasted wide before Routledge curled a shot from the corner of the penalty area narrowly wide.
Alan Shearer on Diego Costa "Everything impressed me about Diego Costa today.  They are tailor-made for the Premier League. The way they run the line, in behind and can hold the ball up.  They are going to love the Premier League and the Chelsea fans will love him. "He is looking the real deal. When it is not going as it should for them they have a goalscorer who can get them out of it."
Chelsea improved as the half wore on and an equaliser arrived on the stroke of half-time when Costa fought off their marker to meet a Fabregas corner and power home their header.
The Blues began the second period on the front foot and it was no surprise to see their dominance rewarded with a second goal.
Fabregas was again the provider, exchanging passes with Branislav Ivanovic on the left before cutting back for Costa to calmly slot in.
Media playback is not supported on this device Chelsea 4-2 Swansea: Garry Monk admits Chelsea were 'dose of realism'
Swansea missed a clear chance to equalise when Gomis - clean through on goal - fluffed their attempted chip over Thibault Courtois.
Grateful for the let-off, Chelsea soon made sure of the points.
Costa showed their goalscoring instincts to pounce on Ramires's scuffed effort, before their replacement Remy swept home a square pass from Oscar.
Shelvey's late strike from the edge of the area reduced the deficit, but by then the Swans were well beaten.
Swansea manager Garry Monk: "It was a very good first half hour. Some of the football was the best we've played this season. I think it just showed the world-class quality they have and in the second-half it took its toll a bit. Their power and strength was too much.
"When you play the top teams you gauge where you are at and what you need to work on. But in terms of effort and commitment we were very good."
John Terry's own-goal gave Swansea a deserved 1-0 lead
Joe Mourinho (right) paid £32m to sign Costa from Atletico Madrid
Loic Remy scored just nine minutes after coming on
Check out the best photos from today's Premier League games on the BBC Sport Facebook page.
This is from the so-crazy-it-just-might-be-awesome department. I received an email from a tipster who told me to “eat this” and prompted me to a German website playing host to what is allegedly the specifications to the upcoming HTC Thunderbolt.
You can click to embiggen.
The specs are beyond whack crazy, but even if some of them are true then forget the Optimus 2X. All specs listed in the picture are subject to change if mein Deutsch sucks.
4.3″ screen
Dual-Core 1.2GHz processor
Gingerbeard
8MP Camera w/2 LED flash
5MP front camera
16GB internal storage
1800 mAh battery
Is it January sixth yet?
[via bestboyz.de | Thanks, Robert! It tastes delicious.]
Yeah, I don't believe a damn word of this. But weirder things have happened.
From here on out, GOS means Grain of Salt.
A council has withdrawn a leaflet advertising a sportive ride after being accused of sexism for a message that suggested that while men go ride their bikes, women can go shopping instead.
Stockton Borough Council's flyer featured a picture of a smiling male cyclist* together with the text, “Sarah's shopping in Stockton with the girls. I'm signed up for Stockton's Sportive. That's Saturday sorted.”
The leaflet aimed to encourage participation in the Stockton Velo29-Altura Endeavour Sportive on July 12, which forms part of the Stockton Cycling Festival from 11-13 July.
Cyclists Carole Jones and Yvonne Ramage made a complaint about the leaflet, which reportedly featured only young, male cyclists [presumably there's more to it than the cover shown above - ed]. Besides being sexist, they said it should be more inclusive of older and disabled people, reports the Northern Echo.
Jones, whom the paper says helps run the Cycle Sisters women's cycling club, said: “Me and my friend, Yvonne, were at the cycle hub centre in Stockton when the leaflets came in.
"At first we just laughed, thinking it was a joke but then we started to take it more seriously. The message of the leaflet is, ‘come cycling if you are a young, affluent male.'
"It's clear that Mrs Pankhurst's work is not yet done,” they added, referring to the leader of the Suffragette movement.
Conservative councillor for Yarm, Andrew Sherris, gave their support to the women, saying: “This really is a very poor piece of publicity... and should be withdrawn.”
Stockton Council has done just that, and Ken Dixon, its cabinet member for arts, leisure and culture, said: “It was certainly not our intention to imply that women and girls cannot participate in every part of the festival and having listened to the concerns raised, we have decided to withdraw this particular leaflet and produce a redesigned version.”
According to the Northern Echo, £514 had been spent on the leaflets, but they had not been distributed beyond the Stockton cycle hub.
Sustrans regional director Bryn Dowson commented: “We're pleased that this leaflet will be replaced by one with a more inclusive message.”
• Former Team Raleigh rider Graham Briggs, now with Rapha Condor JLT
The Found Art of the Hashishin
A small, middle-aged man exits the Civic Center BART station and steps into an unseasonably rainy San Francisco summer afternoon. As they head south toward Mission Street, carrying an oblong bundle wrapped in a black plastic garbage bag, they draws hardly a second glance from passers-by despite a striking appearance: custom Converse sneakers, acid-washed jeans, a tailored olive-drab trench coat, and facial features — a prominent nose and outsize ears, which point ever so slightly at the tips — that magnify an
elfin look.
At their destination a few blocks away, a collection of young men in flat-brimmed caps and expensive hooded sweatshirts — the uniform of savvy Bay Area cannabis consumers — is already in place, and eagerly awaiting their arrival.
They are their audience. In a few minutes, they will hang on every word they utter, in a French accent heavier than hollandaise sauce, about how to produce a cannabis product — using little more than a bowl, a sifter, their hands, and some heat — that, for some consumers, puts the results of a priceless, high-tech extractor machine to shame.
This is Frenchy Cannoli. He's been making hash for over 40 of their roughly 58 years — or, to be more precise, for over 40 years they have learned, practiced, and come close to perfecting an ancient style of hash-making that is virtually unknown and unseen in today's multibillion dollar medical cannabis market.
At least for now. As high-potency cannabis extracts that rely on solvents like butane or costly C02 extraction continue to take over the cannabis market, there is a small but growing demand for cannabis produced in a different way. In a natural way, with water the only solvent, with a method that is thousands of years old.
As Frenchy strides into the room and makes their arrival, there's an audible hush among the soon-to-be spectators. They unpack the bag and reveals a large metal kitchen bowl, a large wooden hoop of the kind used to make quilts, and a piece of nylon mesh with tiny screens.
“This,” they proclaim, “is a hash factory.”
For the next 40 minutes, the in-the-know crew stands and watches raptly as Frenchy gently spreads several shopping bags' worth of cannabis trim and small buds over the screen. Plant material is discarded while a fine, yellowish-green dust collects in the bowl. Those are the plant's trichomes, the tiny resinous heads and stalks that contain the active ingredients in cannabis: the cannabinoids as well as the terpenes, the molecules that determine how a plant smells.
If the weed fiends here were looking for a magic secret, they'll go home disappointed.
This humble gear is all you need to produce top-of-the-line hash that simply blows the high-tech stuff — wax, CO2 oil, shatter, all of it — out of the water, according to some experts.
“Frenchy's hash, in terms of flavor and nose, is unmatched by anyone out there,” says Nick Smilgys, cofounder of farm-to-table cannabis startup Flow Kana and an Emerald Cup competition judge. “The notes that their extractions bring out are unlike anything that you would ever smell or taste in cannabis.”
Frenchy's craftsmanship has made them a celebrity in the cannabis world, a position of prominence he's achieved thanks to how-to videos on YouTube, endless Q&As they answer on message boards, and a steady stream of the result — large, dark hunks of hash rolled into loaves or flattened and fashioned into their signature “cannolis” — posted on Instagram, where he's amassed almost 10,000 followers in less than seven months. He's a draw at cannabis cups, and they have begun hosting hash-making seminars in Los Angeles and the Bay Area that cost hundreds of dollars to attend, and promptly sell out.
And all this is happening less than five years after they could barely give their pressed hash away.
BIRTH OF A HASHISHIN
Frenchy's story begins millennia before they were born, well before cannabis become known to the Western world.
The cannabis plant is believed to be native to Himalayan valleys in the far north of India, near the Pakistani border. It was here that ancient conqueror Alexander the Great's invasion of India halted. Legend says some of their soldiers stayed on. Some of their descendants may live today in places like Malana, an isolated village in Himachal Pradesh province at 10,000 feet surrounded by cannabis fields. This is where some of the most-prized hash in Asia, called Malana cream, is made.
(For Californians, the closest analogue may be the “finger hash” that Humboldt and Mendocino trimmers can scrape from their digits after a day's work).
Eventually, there's enough hash to roll into a larger ball, or perhaps a long strand that resembles a length of clay. Hash made and shaped in this way is called “charas,” and has been used medicinally and religiously for thousands of years. (Only in the 1980s was charas declared illegal in India, at the insistence of the United States).
This is the hash-making method Frenchy learned from a series of teachers from Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nepal, India, and Morocco, an apprenticeship that happened almost by accident.
In Europe, cannabis is rarely seen in the flower form familiar to Americans. It's almost all hash, in blocks or bricks smuggled from Morocco, Syria, Lebanon, or Turkey. This was the cannabis Frenchy first smoked
as a 14-year old living in the French Riviera.
By the age of 18, he'd left France to bounce around the world as a pot-smoking nomad. “For 20 years, I traveled,” they say.
One season, they ended up in the Parvati Valley in India, not far from Malana. Hash drew them there, but becoming a hashish student was not on their mind.
“I was not there to learn,” they say in a recent interview, in between drags of a massive American Spirit tobacco-and-hash spliff. “I was there to make my stash for the year. I was a bum. I would go for four months to make my stash and then go to smoke it on the beach.”
But after spells relaxing in
Goa or in Thailand, Frenchy would return to the cold and snow in the mountains. And they kept coming back.
“These people,” they say, “they really, really knew their shit.”
They ended up spending eight seasons in the Parvati Valley, living in caves and hanging around long enough for their hosts to trust them and show them their secret.
Which is not much of a secret at all — just a lot of hard work.
PRESS TO ACTIVATE
 They are fond of saying that a hash-maker needs only two things: “the tool, and the product.” The trick knows what
to do with both, and knowing that the starting material is
high quality.
Frenchy's method breaks with contemporary style in several ways. Forget terms like “live resin” and “fresh frozen.” The only solvent they use is cold water. They do not freeze the cannabis trim and small buds they use before the extraction begins. They prefer the outdoor cannabis grown from Mendocino County-based Aficionado Seeds' genetics.
And they make what they calls
“full spectrum hash.”
In hash-making, the product is screened through mesh of various sizes. Most hash bag kits have sizes that range from 220 microns on the high end to 25 microns on the low end. Many hash makers discard the end result from high or low microns, or keep the results from different microns separate. Frenchy uses most of it all, and combines everything.
Most important could be the pressing. With the hash under a plastic turkey bag, Frenchy rolls a wine bottle full of just-boiled water over it. Pressing does more than just bind the extracted resin into a waxy final product that can be rolled. Like the hand-rubbers in India, the pressing begins the process of decarboxylation, when cannabis's psychoactive properties are released by the application of heat.
Somehow, more of the cannabis plant's two essential components — the cannabinoids and the terpenes — are captured this way than in other methods.
“It's got a body that just fills up your mouth,” they say. “This, this flavor, it cakes your mouth. And then behind you have all the level of terpenes.”
Frenchy's wandering days ended with the birth of their daughter. They relocated to the Bay Area with their wife so that their daughter could attend school right around the time when Prop. 215 passed in 1996. They still made hash in the classic way, but the medical cannabis market had no interest.
“Nobody wanted my product,” they say. “Nobody wanted pressed hash.”
Unlike in Europe, where hash is standard, hash never told hold in the same way in America as cannabis became the Western world's favorite illicit drug. When veterans of the 1960s and 1970s tell stories of Lebanese blond or Afghani hash, the latter was likely the closest most
California consumers came
to charas.
This explains why Frenchy found themselves trying to press their pressed hash on people with limited success. Eventually, they did what any confident salesperson would do: They gave it away.
Sure enough, the people who tried it came back. Some of them included buyers at dispensaries, like San Francisco's SPARC and Buds and Roses in Los Angeles. Slowly but surely, a modern-day cannabis celebrity was born.
GUILD BUILDING
The exact science of how Frenchy's product works and tastes the way it does is lost. Or more accurately, it was never found at all. The thousands of years of charas-making tradition were neither developed nor analyzed in a laboratory setting.
But it's hard to argue with convictions as strong and with a following as devoted as Frenchy's. They have disciples now. They, like him, are convinced that something essential in the cannabis plant is lost with a butane extraction and with rough treatment. Science may yet prove them right.
Going forward, Frenchy hopes to preserve this knowledge — and capture even more. As befits their heritage, they are interested in
devising a classification system for California cannabis that's similar to the AOC system for French wine.
He's also been active with the Emerald Growers Association, working to create a “hash-makers' guild” — and to do what they can to preserve the outdoor cannabis growing tradition in Northern California.
As the state and the country move towards legal recreational cannabis, Frenchy is imparting a legacy: a tradition, imported from remote mountain villagers, that will be a part of modern-day commercial activity. But they deflect the credit, and defers to the source.
“It's the most incredible product in the entire fucking plant kingdom,” they say. “And we are lucky to work with it.”
Image copyright Tilly Lawless
What kind of people are sex workers? In Australia, hundreds of them are telling the world about themselves using social media.
"College student. Aspiring lawyer. Activist. Daughter, sister, sex worker. I don't need rescuing."
These are the kinds of statements that hundreds of Australian sex workers are making about themselves using the #facesofprostitution hashtag. It was started last Sunday on Instagram by 21-year-old sex worker and history graduate Tilly Lawless. They were responding to an blog post re-published last week in the popular online Australian women's magazine, Mamamia. The blog was written to mark the 25th anniversary of the prostitute-meets-prince-charming film Pretty Woman, and argued that the reality of sex work was much uglier than in the movie.
Tilly Lawless was angered by the way the piece "generalised sex workers" and "depicted all prostitution as harmful." They themselves have been working as a sex worker for two years but only started identifying publicly as a sex worker two months ago in Sydney, where prostitution is decriminalised. They decided to post a picture of themselves on their Instagram feed to show another face of prostitution - the face of a young woman who had made an informed choice to be a sex worker - as a protest against the blog.
Then after posting on the Facebook page of the Scarlett Alliance - the Australian Sex Worker's Association - they were persuaded to put the photo and hashtag on Twitter. And then it began: a mass of hundreds of mostly Australian and mostly female sex workers posted images showing their faces to the world, many coming out publicly as sex workers on social media for the very first time.
"I was really pleasantly surprised," Lawless told BBC Trending, because sex workers "are very rarely humanised as individuals, so often our bodies are spoken about but putting our faces on social media is such a powerful thing."
Image copyright @HollyInAlbury
Many of those joining in shared their objection to the original article. Sex worker Holly, pictured above, said their main issue was the photo used - a harrowing photo of a sex-trafficked Eastern European woman. "That's not our face," they told BBC Trending, "not our lived experience". "The article was downright offensive," Australian sex worker and actor Madison Missina told us, because it "uses the argument of sex trafficking to silence our voice whilst simultaneously silencing the voice of victims who are trafficked too".
Image copyright @madisonmissina
The Pretty Woman blog post had originally appeared on the site of a Missouri-based Christian group, Exodus Cry, which says it is committed to "abolishing sex slavery". The article's author, Laila Mickelwait, claimed that the film had lured young women into prostitution and subjected them to a life of abuse and trauma.
They told BBC Trending that they stand by what they wrote despite the sex workers' campaign, and that legalised prostitution creates an environment where illegal sex trafficking can then occur. "Just because there are a handful of women and men who are posting pictures on Twitter saying this is an empowering job doesn't make it true about the industry," they said. "They have a voice but they're the voice of a very small minority who have the privilege of getting on Twitter and being able to post those kinds of pictures."
Tilly Lawless told us they remain angry about these arguments, which "allow us to be oppressed in similar ways to women being trafficked, undermine our independence and autonomy and take away rights from us."
Reporting by Gemma Newby
For more on this story, subscribe to our podcast.
Next story: The 'Eid Pray Love' movement
Or take a look at: Meninism v Feminism
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending, and find us on Facebook. All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
Generally, when U.S. workers are more productive that's a really good thing for the economy. It means that a higher GDP will result, as output per work hour will be higher. So this news today from the Bureau of Labor Statistics might sound great:
Nonfarm business sector labor productivity increased at a 9.5 percent annual rate during the third quarter of 2009, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today. This was the largest gain in productivity since the third quarter of 2003, when it rose 9.7 percent.
That's a huge jump, but what does it mean in the broader context of unemployment?
Before any analysis, let me explain what productivity specifically measures. According to BLS:
Labor productivity, or output per hour, is calculated by dividing an index of real output by an index of hours of all persons, including employees, proprietors, and unpaid family workers.
So essentially it's output divided by hours of employment. Like any ratio, its value can increase in two ways: if the numerator increases or if the denominator decreases. In this case, BLS says both are happening:
Output increased 4.0 percent and hours worked decreased 5.0 percent in the third quarter of 2009.
This isn't good news for unemployment. What you're seeing here is employers squeezing more output out of workers putting in fewer hours. This makes total sense, considering third-quarter GDP grew by 3.5%, while employment and hours worked continued to decline. In order for output to have increased, fewer workers must have been producing more.
A demand for more output is what generally drives employment to increase. Yet, in this case, that demand is being satisfied with fewer hours worked. As a result, it's pretty clear that employers have decided to simply get more out of their current workers, rather than turn to the labor market to ramp up hiring.
The fear, then, is that this trend will continue. Output may continue to increase, but employers may simply require current workers pick up the slack, rather than look to the giant pool of unemployed Americans. But how does this productivity trend look from a historical perspective?
Here's a chart that has productivity (blue) versus unemployment rate (red), since 1970, per BLS data:
I wouldn't get too concerned about the lines crossing, or specific values, but I think the trends are telling. As you can see, a productivity spike around peak in unemployment isn't uncommon.
The last time unemployment was this high was in 1982. At that time, productivity spiked as well, but not until after unemployment began to decrease. That makes sense, because once growth started, employers started hiring, but not as quickly as the growth implied.
Here, I think we're seeing something else. Output increased in large part due to the government stimulus. As a result, employers didn't see their real long-term growth prospects change much, so it didn't make sense to hire a lot more workers. Instead, they're just having current workers pick up the slack, since they understand that the stimulus is temporary. That's why I think productivity growth is leading the labor market's improvement.
At other times with unemployment spikes, like 1975 and 1992, productivity growth appears to be more in line with unemployment peaks. In these cases, stimulus measures likely had a more immediate impact in GDP than in 1982 -- like in 2009.
So really, I wouldn't be too alarmed by the productivity number. I just wouldn't be too optimistic about it either. Just like we saw in previous recessions, once unemployment declines, so will productivity. But I think what it does likely show is that businesses understand the stimulus-induced growth isn't sustainable in the near-term, so they aren't matching their hiring to the increase in output that results.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
After making their television debut last week on the Shady Films reality series Road to Total Slaughter, Daylyt appeared on Ab-Soul's These Days… release in a battle hidden on the last track.
Releasing a video yesterday (June 24), Daylyt announced that the battle footage would be released and shared plans to battle another TDE member this summer.
“I got a show coming up called Welcome To Daylyt's World, which will be going down on Adult Swim,” they say. “I got a lot of stuff in the works right now and Battle Rap is the last thing I'm worried about right now. Also, big shouts out to Ab-Soul. Y'all can go check out that These Days… album today. On the last track, Daylyt versus Ab-Soul, the footage will be coming out soon. So, be on the look-out for that.
“I've made it to the level where I'm clearly outside of Battle Rap,” they say later. “I battled Ab-Soul. I got another TDE member coming up in August, which is a big TDE member. This is gonna be a big event for the West Coast. I'm done with battling these regular cats. It's over with for me. I don't really care for that type of stuff. My album is in the process, Look Into My Head. Everything is in the works.”
Near the end of the video, Daylyt also claims that he's joined Shady Records.
“Big shouts out to Eminem for making that legit,” they say. “Daylyt is an official member of Shady Records. It's just a lot of stuff.”
To read the full story and watch the video visit Battle Rap.
The Tampa Bay Lightning are keeping quiet about the extent of the injury Victor Hedman suffered in Thursday's game against the Dallas Stars.
Hedman left the game in the second period after taking a hit from Jamie Benn, the defenseman's head slamming into the glass.
Head coach Jon Cooper said Friday that Hedman's feeling better, according to the Tampa Tribune's Erik Erlendsson. But Cooper offered no official injury status, only ruling out the 24-year-old from Saturday's home game against the Buffalo Sabres.
Cooper's optimistic that Hedman, who may have suffered a concussion, will be back sooner rather than later.
Tampa Bay could be facing a very depleted blue-line corps on Saturday, with Hedman out and Nikita Nesterov facing a possible suspension after hitting Stars forward Curtis McKenzie from behind. Nesterov will have a hearing with the league at 4:30 p.m. ET on Friday.
The Lightning will officially call up defenseman Slater Koekkoek from Syracuse of the AHL on Friday evening, Erlendsson added.
Description
From the bestselling author who completed Robert Jordan's epic Wheel of Time series comes a new, original creation that matches anything else in modern fantasy for epic scope, thrilling imagination, superb characters and sheer addictiveness.
In Oathbringer, the third volume of the New York Times bestselling Stormlight Archive series, humanity faces a new Desolation with the return of the Voidbringers, a foe whose numbers are as great as their thirst for vengeance.
The Alethi armies commanded by Dalinar Kholin won a fleeting victory at a terrible cost: The enemy Parshendi summoned the violent Everstorm, and now its destruction sweeps the world and its passing awakens the once peaceful and subservient parshmen to the true horror of their millennia-long enslavement by humans.
While on a desperate flight to warn their family of the threat, Kaladin Stormblessed must come to grips with the fact that their newly kindled anger may be wholly justified.
Nestled in the mountains high above the storms, in the tower city of Urithiru, Shallan Davar investigates the wonders of the ancient stronghold of the Knights Radiant and unearths the dark secrets lurking in its depths.
And Dalinar realizes that their holy mission to unite their homeland of Alethkar was too narrow in scope.
Unless all the nations of Roshar can put Dalinar's blood-soaked past aside and stand together - and unless Dalinar themselves can confront that past - even the restoration of the Knights Radiant will not avert the end of civilization.
Today, the city of Buffalo has a population of 258,071 people. This is a far cry from its 1950 peak of 580,132 people. Buffalo's rapid fall in population is characteristic of American cities located in the Rust Belt(such as Detroit, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, etc). However, with Buffalo, one particular case to consider is geography.
Geography has helped Buffalo grow. It is also been Buffalo's downfall. Buffalo was a major break-in-bulk point. This is where goods are transferred from one mode of transportation to another. Buffalo is located along the Saint Lawrence Seaway. Goods would often traverse from the upriver cities such as Montreal and Quebec City to Detroit and Chicago. After the Erie Canal was built, this connected Buffalo to New York City via the Hudson River. With Niagara Falls standing between Buffalo and the rest of the watercourse, a stop at Buffalo would be necessary. Goods would have to change modes of transportation at Buffalo. Goods coming from upriver along the Saint Lawrence Seaway would break bulk in Buffalo, and goods would be shipped further west from there.
And then Niagara Falls itself was a major benefactor. The waterfalls provided water power for the mills that would crop up in Buffalo. Buffalo became a major flour milling center.
This is where geography has become Buffalo's downfall. The Welland Canal was built in the province of Ontario, along the Niagara Escarpment. The Welland Canal extends from Port Weller,ONT to Port Colburne, ONT. Because of the canal, ships traversing the Saint Lawrence Seaway can travel west and descend the Niagara Escarpment without going to Buffalo,NY. There is no need to break bulk anymore. In addition to the decline of the steel industry in Buffalo, the city of Buffalo would be bypassed because of the canal. Fewer ships going through the canal means fewer goods going in and out of Buffalo.
Buffalo's geography helped it become a major shipping and manufacturing center. Geography would also hurt it. Break in bulk shipping has been declining due to containerized shipping. However, for Buffalo, the ability to be bypassed due to an alternate waterway expedited this process.
Buffalo's economy is transitioning from a mainly manufacturing economy to an economy centered on the medical industry, financial industry, biomedical engineering, education, and technology. There is one thing hurting Buffalo, in geographic terms. There is a trend for more working professionals to move to large southern cities(such as Atlanta, Charlotte, and Nashville), Texas(Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, Austin,etc) and western cities(Phoenix, Denver, Portland, etc). Buffalo has a markedly lower cost of living than the asupervisorstioned cities. However, these cities have an advantage. These cities have milder climates than Buffalo. Even with Denver's cold winter, it has the advantage of being less cold, having drier air and having the Rocky Mountains nearby for recreation.
There is something else to consider. Buffalo is the snowiest city of 250,000+ residents. The city gets close to 95 inches (240-241 cm) of snow each year. Buffalo is the 8th largest metropolitan area in the Great Lakes region. Of all of the metropolitan areas, only Buffalo is projected to lose over 150, 000 people (not just Buffalo city). Cleveland is next on the list in terms of the snowiest cities with 250,000+ residents. However, it occupies the 4th highest spot for Great Lakes metropolitan areas. Of the top 5 metros in the Great Lakes region, only Cleveland metro gets close to 90 inches of snow annually. Chicago, Milwaukee, Toronto, and Detroit all get high snowfall totals. However, none of those metros average snowfall totals above 55 inches of rain annually. Buffalo and vicinity averages 95-100 inches of snow annually. While this is good for the slopes of the Rocky Mountains, it isn't good for living in urbanized areas. While the Great Lakes region becomes very cold in the winter, the most populated areas of the region are in the areas that don't receive the most snow. Why does Buffalo get so much snow, but not Detroit, Chicago, or Toronto?
The Lake Effect. This is what happens when northwesterly winds swept down the Great Lakes. Chicago and Toronto are located on the western and northern shores of their respective lakes. The winds hit those cities before hitting the lakes. Buffalo and Cleveland, on the other hand, are along the southern and eastern shores of their lakes. The winds pass the lakes, picking up moisture, and then snowfall is deposited in large amounts on those cities. Cleveland became markedly larger than Buffalo and has not had to deal with the same geographic bypassing that Buffalo has dealt with. Detroit, though part of the Great Lakes region, is on the Detroit River, and not on a lake. It doesn't get much of the lake effect. And being a river city, Detroit is still an important shipping corridor.
If leaves alot to wonder what might be next for Buffalo. Manufacturing and transportation geography helped Buffalo. The decline of manufacturing and its geography have hurt it as well. It has gone from a break in bulk point to being bypassed thanks to the Welland Canal. It has gone from a major manufacturing center to becoming a city where white collar industries are the growing industry. Buffalo's economy can still benefit from white collar industries. Its low cost of living could make it a place for a young professional to move to. However, its particularly harsh winters are likely to make a comeback difficult. The trend in the USA is to move to cities in the southern and western USA. This is due to relatively milder climates, more recreational opportunities, and the growing economies in many of asupervisorstioned places. While the Great Lakes region is not a place where many professionals are seeking to move to as a whole, Buffalo is being hit particularly hard by its own geography.
Advertisements
ROME (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Planting more lentils, chickpeas and other pulses will improve the health of the world's soils that have reached critical levels, threatening to worsen hunger and poverty levels, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said on Monday.
An employee collects lentils from a container inside a grocery store at a residential area in Mumbai, India, May 11, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/File Photo
About a third of the world's soils are degraded because of soil erosion, contamination, urbanization and other issues.
This is a rise from the early 1990s, when it was estimated to be between 16 and 24 percent, said Ronald Vargas, soils and land officer at the U.N. agency, and co-editor of a report published on Monday.
With cities expanding and taking up more land, and the population growing and needing more food, the pressure on remaining land is growing.
“If our soil is not healthy enough, we will have serious issues,” Vargas told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
It will take 15 years or more and a huge amount of investment to restore the soil, they said.
Pulses transfer nitrogen from the atmosphere to the soil and can be grown practically anywhere. Cereals grown after pulses yield 1.5 tonnes more per hectare, equivalent to adding 100 kilos of nitrogen fertilizer, the FAO report said.
“Soils and pulses embody a unique symbiosis that protects the environment, enhances productivity, contributes to adapting to climate change and provides fundamental nutrients to the soil and subsequent crops,” FAO director-general Jose Graziano da Silva said in a statement.
The main form of degradation is soil erosion - the loss of the topsoil by wind, rain or excessive use of machinery. The world is currently losing soil 10 to 20 times faster than it is replenishing it, according to the FAO report.
It takes nature between 100 and 1,000 years to produce 1 cm of soil, and if poorly maintained it can be lost in a single rainfall, or high wind, Vargas said.
“It is almost impossible to bring back that soil loss. So what you can do is try to avoid losing more,” they said.
A study in India shows how growing pigeon peas reduced soil runoff and erosion by up to 59 percent, according to the report.
Healthy soil acts like a sponge, absorbing even very heavy rainfall, and filtering it. If the soil is compacted by overuse of agricultural machinery, or walking, the rain is not absorbed, and instead washes the soil away and may cause flooding.
A layer of healthy soil also reduces harmful greenhouse gases. The first meter of soil contains as much carbon as exists in the atmosphere and all vegetation combined. If it is poorly managed, carbon is released into the atmosphere, Vargas said.
The consequences of not managing soil better are serious, Vargas said.
“We will be facing poverty, we will have more issues of food security ... we will not be able to deal with ... floods and drought. So we will compromise our future,” they said.
Reporting by Alex Whiting, Editing by Ros Russell.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling has called on Roger Clemens to give up four of their Cy Young Awards if they cannot clear their name after allegations in the Mitchell report that they used steroids.
New York Yankees pitcher Roger Clemens stands on the mound during the second inning in Game 3 of their American League Division Series playoff baseball game against the Cleveland Indians in New York, October 7, 2007. Curt Schilling has called on Clemens to give up four of their Cy Young Awards if they cannot clear their name after allegations in the Mitchell report that they used steroids. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
While Clemens has denied allegations detailed by former Sen. George Mitchell's report into doping in Major League Baseball, Schilling wrote in their blog (38pitches.com) that they believe Clemens must take legal action to prove their innocence.
“Roger has denied every allegation brought to the table,” Schilling wrote.
“So as a fan my thought is that Roger will find a way in short order to organize a legal team to guarantee a retraction of the allegations made, a public apology is made, and their name is completely cleared.
“If they don't do that then there aren't many options as a fan for me other than to believe their career 192 wins and three Cy Youngs they won prior to 1997 were the end.
“From that point on the numbers were attained through using PEDs (performance enhancing drugs) ... if that is the case with Roger, the four Cy Youngs should go to the rightful winners and the numbers should go away if they cannot refute the accusations.”
PROFOUND EFFECT
Clemens, 45, who was 6-6 last season for the Yankees after joining them midway through the campaign, has won seven Cy Young Awards overall as the best pitcher in their league and has a career total of 354 wins, eighth on the all-time list.
Schilling, 41, a 20-year veteran, has compiled 216 career wins and claimed Most Valuable Player honors from the 2001 World Series and from the 1993 National League Championship Series.
They said they had always looked up to Clemens.
“Roger had a profound effect on my career from a very early point. Their ‘undressing' of me and lecture were a major turning point,” Schilling wrote about advice they received early in their career from Clemens.
“I've always respected their career accomplishments and regarded them as the greatest pitcher to ever play the game.”
Supporters of gay marriage demonstrate outside the Supreme Court in April 2015. Senate Democrats say an amendment to the defense authorization bill could upend President Barack Obama's executive order barring federal contractors from discriminating against LGBT people. (Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call file photo)
Senate Democrats and the White House are drawing a line in negotiations over the defense authorization bill, signaling strong opposition to a provision they say would allow for discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
The issue has emerged as one of the hurdles in the negotiations over the National Defense Authorization Act. An amendment added to the House version of the bill would expand protections and exemptions to “any religious corporation, religious association, religious educational institution, or religious society” that receives a federal contract.
White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough has personally reached out to key lawmakers on the issue, administration officials said at at a Monday meeting with stakeholders.
Meeting participants who spoke to CQ on the condition of anonymity said President Barack Obama is prepared to veto the fiscal 2017 defense policy bill over that language, should it reach their desk.
Senate Democrats argue that the amendment could upend Obama's executive order barring federal contractors from discriminating against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals.
Led by Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, 42 Senate Democrats signed on to a letter to leaders of the Armed Services committees in both chambers, voicing their opposition.
“This provision would jeopardize protections against discrimination for LGBT workers on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity” ensured by Obama's executive order, the senators wrote in the letter obtained by Roll Call. “As such, Section 1094 would significantly — and needlessly — hamper the great progress our nation has made in protecting the rights of LGBT individuals.”
The senators argue that the provision would allow federal contractors who are religiously affiliated to inquire about employees and potential employees' religion, and discriminate based on their religion. They also say it would allow contractors to hire and fire employees (particularly women) based on their reproductive health decisions.
Although the provision is in the NDAA, it applies to any federal agency and not just to the Defense Department, which has also raised concerns among senators and staff.
However, Blumenthal declined to say whether Democrats would block the NDAA from moving forward if the amendment is attached to the final version.
“I have never voted against a National Defense Authorization Act and I am very, very hopeful that I will vote for this one,” Blumenthal said on a conference call with reporters Tuesday afternoon. “What we're trying to do here is eliminate this provision before the NDAA reaches the floor.”
“Clearly there are enough signers here to indicate that there is a possibility that the bill could be blocked at least temporarily,” Blumenthal said. “But we have not explicitly said we would. Certainly, if the bill reaches the floor, we will have to consider all the options.”
Senate Democratic staffers said they were surprised about the possibility that the provision could be included in the final version of the bill given the opposition from Democrats and the president. Committees have held staff briefings in recent days to educate staffers on the potential impact of the amendment.
The provision was attached to the House version of the bill during a late-night markup. Oklahoma GOP Rep. Steve Russell offered the amendment. A bipartisan group attempted to strip the amendment when the bill came to the House floor, but their amendment was not allowed on the floor.
Outside groups such as the Human Rights Campaign have also been involved in notifying staff that this is one of the issues stymying negotiations.
“This provision is terrible policy created by an even worse process — it was adopted in the dark of night despite bipartisan opposition and never having had a hearing,” David Stacy, the Human Rights Campaign's government affairs director, said in a statement Tuesday. “This has no place in the annual defense bill.”
Stacy specifically called on Sen. John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, to oppose the amendment. The Arizona Republican's office did not respond to requests for comment on the senator's position.
In addition to McCain, other NDAA negotiators include House Armed Services Chairman Mac Thornberry of Texas, and the ranking Democrats, Rep. Adam Smith of Washington and Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island.
Smith and Reed both oppose the amendment.
“Sen. Reed supports protecting religious liberty and opposes provisions that would discriminate against American servicemen and women based on their gender or sexual orientation,” Reed spokesperson Chip Unruh said in a statement to Roll Call. “This particular provision has nothing to do with national defense and it could undermine existing federal nondiscrimination rules.”
The White House has also signaled opposition to this provision in a statement of administrative policy issued in May that said the president would veto the House version of the NDAA.
Staffers with several LGBT organizations met with senior legislative staff at the White House on Monday and discussed the issue. An LGBT advocate said administration staff reiterated their opposition to the Russell amendment, which was consistent with the statement of administrative policy.
The American Civil Liberties Union is among the groups supporting the effort to stop the House language from advancing through conference.
“The Russell Amendment is one of the most significant threats to LGBT people and women we have seen in Congress in years. It must be removed from the defense bill — freedom, equality and fairness are at stake,” said ACLU deputy legal director Louise Melling.
John M. Donnelly contributed to this report.
There's an old joke about Soviet Russia that you might have heard, where you reverse the two parts of a sentence: “In America, you break law. In Soviet Russia, law breaks you.” The joke is an example of chiasmus, a rhetorical form that repeats words or clauses in transposed order—but this particular version has a name: the “Russian Reversal.” In the United States, the Russian Reversal flourished during the Cold War. Bob Hope, for example, told a form of it at the 1958 Oscars, reminding their audience that though there was a television in their Moscow hotel room, “it watches you.” The comedian Yakov Smirnoff popularized it in the 1980s, hawking Miller Lite with the slogan “In Russia, Party always finds you.”
It's easy to see how the Russian Reversal and Cold War–era Soviet politics relate: the joke turns a subject into an object—something, or, more tellingly, someone, who does not act but is acted upon. The individual becomes subordinate to the agency of some abstract force—the law, say, or the media, or the social order. The politics of democracy versus communism, neatly distilled into rhetorical form.
We don't need to craft our rhetoric with particular care for it to reflect our politics. In fact, often this phenomenon occurs naturally, a sort of efflorescence of the political unconscious made visible in the words we use. As the cognitive linguist George Lakoff argues, language and belief are deeply intertwined, and forms we give our language can serve as keys to our values and beliefs. To borrow one of Lakoff's recent examples, if we want to describe laws that limit, say, industrial waste, using the word “regulation” (which carries associations with rules and restriction) to describe such laws implies a radically different way of thinking about them than using the word “protections” (which has overtones of safety and preservation) does.
Compare the Russian Reversal to history's most famous chiasmus, JFK's 1961 remark, “ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country.” Kennedy's words aimed to inspire post-war Americans to service, and the shape they gave them is the Russian Reversal's symmetric opposite. In JFK's speech, the individual becomes the agent, and the abstract force—your country—becomes what is acted upon. The politics, like the grammar, consists in making the passive active.
Our current president, Donald Trump, is not really a representative of any historical political party or position. They can only be defined as reactionary, and from the standpoint of language use, they are unparalleled. Their idiolect is so unique practically anyone can parody him, but there's more to Trump's “bad” style than chaos or inexperience. The precise nature of their grammatical blunders has something far more significant to tell us about their leadership.
In general, the adjective is Trump's part of speech of choice, and Trump's is an adjectival politics. Whether deploying adjectives as fear-mongering nouns (like “cyber,” “nuclear,” or “illegals”), or stirring up their followers with their favorite positive adjectives (“tremendous,” “YUGE,” “great,” “big-league,” “amazing,”) they deploy this part of speech with astounding frequency and lack of grammatical sense.
The persistent overuse of adjectives signals the speaker's doubt that they have something to say in the first place.
Adjectives have gotten a bad rap from many a writer and editor. Voltaire claimed that “the adjective is the enemy of the noun,” meaning that adjectives serve to misdirect, dissemble, and tell us how to think and feel about hard truths. Mark Twain famously wrote, “When you catch an adjective, kill it”—a dictum that the grammarian Ben Yagoda took for the title of their 2007 style guide. Strunk and White, the most enduring of style-guide writers, claimed in their 1918 The Elements of Style, “The adjective hasn't been built that can pull a weak or inaccurate noun out of a tight place” (a piece of advice many writers have noted for its irony—the statement itself contains three adjectives). Their point, irony notwithstanding, is one that bears considering.
As anyone who has ever taught a writing class knows, the greatest problem faced by writers is not knowing what they're writing about. Without a clear idea of what needs to be expressed, expression suffers and, in the most extreme cases, devolves into nonsense.
The persistent overuse of adjectives signals the writer or speaker's doubt—doubt not only that they'll be able to convince their audience, but that they have something to say in the first place. Trump's grammatical troubles suggest precisely this problem: often, their sentences lack a center.  They are not merely a compulsive adjective overuser, deploying that fickle part of speech as a means of indirection from the inadequacy of their nouns—he very often omits nouns altogether.
At the first presidential debate, they warned that “we have to get very, very tough on cyber,” emphasizing the difficulty of this issue by pointing out that “the security aspect of cyber is very, very tough.” “Cyber,” of course, is a modifier. Strictly speaking, on its own it means nothing, since it requires an object, something to which the attribute “cyber” is applied.
In an interview with the New York Times in March, they addressed a different issue that they claimed was even greater cause for alarm, stating “right now we're protecting, we're basically protecting Japan . . . we get calls from Japan and we get calls from everybody else, and “Do something.” And there'll be a point at which we're just not going to be able to do it anymore. Now, does that mean nuclear? It could mean nuclear . . . [the] the biggest problem, to me, in the world, is nuclear.” Not nuclear power, nuclear arsenals, nuclear bombs or weapons. Simply “nuclear,” full stop.
In a listening session on opioid addiction at the end of last month, Trump told an audience of medical health professionals, victims of addiction, families, and survivors, “we want to battle drug addiction and combat opioid, and we have to do it.” They could quite easily, and much more naturally, have said “opioid addiction” or just “opioid use.” By instead repeatedly omitting the noun, they showed evidence of what can only be described as a full-on grammatical tic.
What's unique about this tic is that it doesn't merely produce an inelegant style; it often leaves listeners unable to understand the president's meaning. Trump's style of usage does nothing more—and nothing less—than conjure up associations and feelings, leaving its listeners lost in a fog of notions and connotations without a noun to guide the way.
Writing one year after the end of World War II, George Orwell sharply criticized the political writers of their time for trying to deceive their audiences by using vague language. Unclear writing, in Orwell's words, “falls upon the facts like soft snow, blurring the outline and covering up all the details.” For politicians, this blurriness serves a purpose: “political language . . . is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.”
It's like a restaurant menu that lists items as “delicious, mouth-watering, very big” without telling you if you'll be getting beet salad or pulled pork.
Trying to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind: one couldn't find a better way to describe speech that piles adjectives upon adjectives—but leaves out the nouns. It's like a menu in a restaurant that lists items like “delicious, mouth-watering, very big” or “authentic, amazing, subtle, flavorful” without ever telling you if you'll be getting beet salad or pulled pork.
A practical motive for Trump to leave their listeners perpetually wondering about whether they “really” means what they say is that it gives them a wide margin of interpretation—room to maneuver. Post-facto explanations of Trump's speech, whether from their own podium or their spokespersons', make possible any gloss on their language that might serve them at a later moment.
During a meeting with business leaders on February 23, for example, Trump talked about their administration's moves to expel undocumented immigrants from the country, which they described as a “military operation.” When this statement was reported in the press, the international community immediately began to express concern about the idea of using the military to carry out Trump's planned deportations. In addressing these concerns, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that Trump was using the word “as an adjective,” saying that “[deportation]'s happening with precision and in a manner in which it's being done very, very clearly.”
Whether they are telling us what part of speech the president meant to be using or encouraging us to take a Trumpian decree “figuratively” (as they did in their role as RNC Committee spokesperson in March 2016, attempting to explain what Trump really meant when they said that if they failed to win the nomination there would be “riots”), Spicer's role has been to manage the media's and the American people's interpretation of the presidential register, acting as a kind of rhetorical translator. When Trump accused Obama of “wiretaps” last month, Spicer suggested, “The President used the word ‘wiretaps' in quotes to mean, broadly, surveillance and other activities.”
This strategy was repeated by the Republican chair of the house intelligence committee, Devin Nunes, who told reporters at a March 7 press conference, ‘‘I think a lot of the things they say, I think you guys sometimes take literally.'' In an interview with Spicer on March 26th, Ted Koppel asked the press secretary, “Are we really at a point where we're being told we shouldn't take the president of the United States literally?”—a question to which they received a meandering and unclear response.
The reason for this perpetual ambiguity between the figurative and the literal is that the very existence of such poles relies on the presence of an underlying meaning. A figurative statement only works if it has a literal truth beneath it. This problem is further complicated by the fact that, these days, the word “literal” has come to signify hyperbole, as in, “I literally did nothing all day.” And hyperbole is the form Trump themselves identifies as central to their rhetorical approach.
Trump's success in exploiting the appeal of such language is by now undeniable. In The Art of the Deal, a book at least inspired—if not exactly written—by him, they “writes”:
The final key to the way I promote is bravado. I play to people's fantasies. People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.
Bravado may well do the trick in the arena of real estate deal-making and celebrity PR campaigns, but trying to build a policy out of hyperbole is another thing entirely.
The danger of hearing such vague and hyperbolic language from a president is that it's difficult to hold such speech accountable. But though Trump's adjectival style may have been effective at generating popularity, a presidency must be built of more than language. In the realm of politics, adjectives piled high without a noun to stand on will eventually come tumbling down.
Trump themselves recognizes this basic truth in a later Art of the Deal passage when they acknowledge, “you can't con people, at least not for long. You can create excitement, you can do wonderful promotion and get all kinds of press, and you can throw in a little hyperbole. But if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.”
At least three people were killed and seven more were injured in a shooting attack at an open-air mall in Tel Aviv, Israel, Wednesday night local time.
Two shooters were reported to have been arrested, and a third was being sought by authorities. Police subsequently reported that they were calling off the search for a potential third suspect.
One of the two suspects had been shot and was entering surgery, according to Times of Israel correspondent Haviv Gur.
The location of the shooting was Sarona Market, a complex of restaurants and boutiques that opened to the public last year.
Police had reportedly warned that the market was a target for terrorist attacks.
#BREAKING: 3 murdered in Tel Aviv terror shooting attack: 5 injured – Some seriously pic.twitter.com/v5LejPOGCI — Amichai Stein (@AmichaiStein1) June 8, 2016
Israeli authorities are describing the event as a terrorist attack and are reportedly looking for potential explosive devices.
CNN's Oren Liebermann described the market where the shooting took place as a “soft target.”
The Israeli Defense Forces confirmed that one of the victims, originally reported as being in critical condition, had died. Israeli police reported that a total of three had been killed.
At least 1 fatality in #TelAviv shooting attack. — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) June 8, 2016
This post has been updated.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Overview: PP is a python module which provides mechanism for parallel execution of python code on SMP (systems with multiple processors or cores) and clusters (computers connected via network). It is light, easy to install and integrate with other python software. PP is an open source and cross-platform module written in pure python
Features:
Parallel execution of python code on SMP and clusters
Easy to understand and implement job-based parallelization technique (easy to convert serial application in parallel)
Automatic detection of the optimal configuration (by default the number of worker processes is set to the number of effective processors)
Dynamic processors allocation (number of worker processes can be changed at runtime)
Low overhead for subsequent jobs with the same function (transparent caching is implemented to decrease the overhead)
Dynamic load balancing (jobs are distributed between processors at runtime)
Fault-tolerance (if one of the nodes fails tasks are rescheduled on others)
Auto-discovery of computational resources
Dynamic allocation of computational resources (consequence of auto-discovery and fault-tolerance)
SHA based authentication for network connections
Cross-platform portability and interoperability (Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X)
Cross-architecture portability and interoperability (x86, x86-64, etc.)
Open source
Motivation:
Nowadays software written in python finds applications in broad range of the categories including business logic, data analysis and scientific calculations. This together with wide availability of SMP computers (multi-processor or multi-core) and clusters (computers connected via network) on the market create the demand in parallel execution of python code.
The most simple and common way to write parallel applications for SMP computers is to use threads. Although, it appears that if the application is computation-bound using 'thread' or 'threading' python modules will not allow running python byte-code in parallel. The reason is that python interpreter uses GIL (Global Interpreter Lock) for internal bookkeeping. This lock allows executing only one python byte-code instruction at a time even on an SMP computer. PP module overcomes this limitation and provides a simple way to write parallel python applications. Internally ppsmp uses processes and IPC (Inter Process Communications) to organize parallel computations. All the details and complexity of the latter are completely taken care of, and your application just submits jobs and retrieves their results (the easiest way to write parallel applications). To make things even better, the software written with PP works in parallel even on many computers connected via local network or Internet. Cross-platform portability and dynamic load-balancing allows PP to parallelize computations efficiently even on heterogeneous and multi-platform clusters. continue discussion
Installation: Any platform: download a module archive and extract it to a local directory. Run the setup script: python setup.py install Windows: download and execute Windows installer binary.
Documentation: Module API
Quick start guide, SMP
Quick start guide, clusters
Advanced guide, clusters
Command line options, ppserver.py
PP FAQ
Examples: Parallel Python usage examples Download: Parallel Python downloads Support forums: Parallel Python forums provides help from parallel python community. Please help us to spread the word, link to us: <a href="http://www.parallelpython.com">Parallel Python</a>
BUFFALO -- The Buffalo Sabres and Dallas Stars each have plenty of drama going on off the ice, but on it there's still a game to be played Monday night.
For the Sabres, newly acquired Matt Moulson was on the ice for the morning skate and will make their debut against the Stars.
"I think that was important that we got somebody that could come in and help us," Sabres coach Ron Rolston said. "When you lose Thomas [Vanek] it's good to get somebody back in the room that has that presence."
Rolston said they anticipate Moulson will take Vanek's spot on their top line with Cody Hodgson at center.
"Matt Moulson's got a heck of a resume the last four years putting up major, major numbers," said newly named Sabres full-time captain Steve Ott. "He's definitely going to help this squad as well."
Ryan Miller was the first goalie off and will likely get the start.
For the Stars, Erik Cole skated on the top line with Tyler Seguin and Jamie Benn. Rich Peverley was moved to the third line with Shawn Horcoff and Valeri Nichushkin. Kari Lehtonen was the first goalie off and will likely start.
Coach Lindy Ruff, making their first appearance back in Buffalo after being fired by the team last season, mixed up their defensive pairs throughout the skate. Only Kevin Connauton stayed out late and will likely be scratched.
As for the lines, here's what they may look like:
SABRES
Matt Moulson – Cody Hodgson – Brian Flynn
Steve Ott – Marcus Foligno – Mikhail Grigorenko
Zemgus Girgensons – Johan Larsson – Tyler Ennis
Ville Leino – Cody McCormick – Drew Stafford
Tyler Myers – Nikita Zadorov
Christian Ehrhoff – Mark Pysyk
Rasmus Ristolainen – Henrik Tallinder
Ryan Miller
Jhonas Enroth
Scratched: Jamie McBain, Patrick Kaleta (suspended), John Scott (suspended)
Injured: Corey Tropp, Mike Weber
STARS
Jamie Benn – Tyler Seguin – Erik Cole
Ray Whitney – Cody Eakin – Alex Chiasson
Valeri Nichushkin – Shawn Horcoff – Rich Peverley
Lane MacDermid – Vernon Fiddler – Antoine Roussel
Trevor Daley – Sergei Gonchar
Jordie Benn – Stephane Robidas
Alex Goligoski – Brenden Dillon
Kari Lehtonen
Dan Ellis
Scratched: Kevin Connauton, Travis Morin, Ryan Garbutt (suspended)
Don't know what we're talking about? Well, here's the original article...
Welcome to GamesRadar's Game Club, a community experience where we use you as an excuse to clear through our backlogs and talk about games. Let us explain.
Here's the quick pitch: Every month we're choosing a different game to play through as a staff, and we want you to play with us. We'll break it into four easy-to-digest chunks each week that you should be able to knock out in a few hours. We'll play through the same sections to make sure we're all on the same page, and then we'll post a video (and audio podcast) every week, with some GamesRadar Editors talking about and analyzing that segment. It's not a "Let's Play" or anything like that - it's a discussion, and we want you to be involved.
We'll also talk about it with you in the comments, and we encourage you to talk amongst yourself about it. Essentially, we want to make a book club, except for games that everyone should play, because we like games more than we like books. Sorry, paper.
For August 2012 we're playing Beyond Good & Evil, classic from the last generation that is a on way too many lists of "games you didn't play." So we're going to play it. It's super easy to get your hands on, since an HD version was recently released on Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network, you can download it on Steam, or you can even pick it up for last-gen consoles if you'd rather play it that way like some kind of purist.
Here's the schedule for those interesting in an excuse to plow through one of the best games of the last generation with us:
Episode 1 (8/3/2012) : Stop once you've finished Black Isle
: Stop once you've finished Black Isle Episode 2 (8/10/2012) : Play until the end of The Factory
: Play until the end of The Factory Episode 3 (8/17/2012) : Play until the end of The Slaughterhouse
: Play until the end of The Slaughterhouse Episode 4 (8/24/2012): Finish the game
The first episode will be going up on 8/3, so if you're interested and want to keep up you should play through the introduction until you've finished Black Isle - it's about two hours, but it'll go by quick.
For August, nearly the entire GamesRadar Staff will be playing and giving their opinions of the segments in the weekly podcasts, and in the comments attached to the articles. This is sort of a beta, so we expect hiccups, but we hope you'll join us anyway. Let us know in the comments if you're interested, and we look forward to gaming with you.
Bitcoin is based on a secure financial record-keeping system called blockchain—everyone from small investors to Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari sees more potential in blockchain than bitcoin itself.
The digital currency will still be important. Since the creation of bitcoin, hundreds of other similar products have emerged based on the same blockchain technology, creating global networks that their founders believe can change how businesses operate. To participate in those systems, users typically need to buy bitcoins first before converting those into another digital currency. Selling out of those currencies also then results in more bitcoin purchases.
"Bitcoin is becoming the currency of choice of going in and out of the ecosystem," William Mougayar, author of "The Business Blockchain," said.
They aren't too concerned about the rapid rise in bitcoin's price. "If anything, it makes it stronger. The higher the market cap, the stronger the ecosystem itself," they said Thursday on the sidelines of a New York conference they organized, Token Summit.
Partly as a result of greater interest in cryptocurrencies, bitcoin in less than half a year has more than doubled in price and added more than $25 billion in market value, according to CoinMarketCap.
Bitcoin market value and price (2013 - 2017)
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved Montgomery County Courts Building
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved Montgomery County Courts Building
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) - A county employee is fired after thousands of dollars were taken from the Montgomery County Prosecutor's Office.
2 NEWS Investigates confirmed an investigation just wrapped up involving now former prosecutor's office support staff member, David Bruns.
The prosecutor's office says the investigations showed Bruns stole approximately $75,000 from the department's Delinquent Tax Assessment and Collection Unit.
They discovered the theft several months ago and got special prosecutors from Franklin County involved in the investigation.
We confirmed Bruns was fired when they were found to be responsible.
According to a searchable salary database from our partners at the Dayton Business Journal, Bruns was a data entry operator who made a little more than $36,000 a year.
The prosecutor's office spokesperson tells us Bruns cooperated with the investigation. Out of the $75,000 taken, Bruns has repaid $40,000.
Prosecutor Heck said in a statement, "I am stunned and appalled that one of my employees violated their responsibility to me, this office and the community, and the trust that I put in him. I take their transgressions very seriously and they will be prosecuted for their actions. To avoid any appearance of conflict, special prosecutors were appointed to oversee the investigation and the prosecution of Mr. Bruns."
We have confirmed through the prosecutor's office that Mr. Bruns is married to Mr. Heck's second cousin.
We'll keep you posted on any new developments.
"Affairs are way less about sex and a lot more about desire--desire for attention, desire to feel special, desire to feel important. " - Esther Perel
In this TED talk, therapist Esther Perel gives a fantastic presentation on infidelity that is rooted in both scientific research, and their own clinical observations. They address a number of interesting questions, including: Why would someone who is happily married and loves their partner deeply end up cheating? Why do affairs hurt so much? What can a couple do when an affair is exposed to heal and move on? As hurtful and destructive as affairs can be, can any good ever come out of them? Perel comes to some provocative conclusions and challenges us to think differently about infidelity. Check it out and weigh in with your thoughts below.
If you're interested in learning more about the science behind cheating, check out this article for statistics on how common it is, and this article for a look at how people define it.
Appropriately enough on an afternoon when Wembley simmered in slightly sickly August heat, there was plenty for both managers to stew on after Arsenal's 1-0 defeat of Chelsea in the Community Shield. In a way this was a tale of two centre-forwards, or rather a tale of two matching centre-forward-shaped holes. For Arsenal the issue of who should start at the point of the attack was answered in part by Theo Walcott's lively display in the opening 30 minutes; and then clouded in turn by their almost total disappearance in 30 more minutes on the pitch.
In defeat Chelsea looked like a well-balanced, powerful team hugely diminished by the absence of Diego Costa's craft and aggression. In the first half Loïc Rémy performed an eager, diligent impersonation of a top-class centre-forward. In the second the outline of Radamel Falcao, the ghost of Old Trafford, scuttled about on the fringes, occasionally visible in daylight, a Victorian garden fairy in blue.
José Mourinho says Arsenal ditched attacking philosophy to beat Chelsea Read more
With Olivier Giroud providing 25 minutes of stylish, orthodox, limited centre-forward play it was oddly enough Walcott – who did very little overall and completed just two passes in the first half – who made the most compelling case of the four as a starting Premier League centre-forward.
If this is reflection of the alarming lack of riches in that position in the world's most cash-flushed league, it is also a function of Walcott's own familiarly tantalising sense of unspent potential. If it feels as if they have been hinting they would like to play centre-forward for about 10 years now, that is probably because they have. By accident or design it seems they have their chance.
Not that too much should ever be read into this match. Before kick-off there was the usual sense of sleepiness around Wembley. Even the brain-manglingly loud stadium PA had been dialled back to simply very loud and annoying. The Community Shield: a match where even the fake excitement feels fake, the forced jollity a little too forced.
The village fete atmosphere was compounded by the sight of José Mourinho on the touchline dressed like a man on their way out to the all-night garage for a Snickers and some cat food; Arsenal fans dressed in replica Petr Cech skull caps; and Chelsea's support standing as one to applaud their former goalkeeper as they came sprinting towards Wembley's blue end before kick-off.
Arsenal 1-0 Chelsea: five talking points from the Community Shield Read more
The only significant selection on either side was confirmation that the decision to start with Walcott up front in the Cup final in May was more than just a one-off tactical whim. Afterwards Arsène Wenger again dismissed talk that Karim Benzema might be about to arrive. It really does look like this is the way Arsenal are likely to go more often than not in early season.
And Walcott was bright in the early minutes, using their speed to pull Chelsea's defenders into awkward positions. They had what would be their only effort on goal with 22 minutes gone, heading powerfully straight at Thibaut Courtois from a free-kick on the left. Moments later they were bustling through the inside-left channel, then dropping into a deep central position to play in Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain for the game's only goal.
It was a nice moment for both players, Walcott's well-timed pass allowing Oxlade-Chamberlain to take the ball in their stride, cut inside and ping a fine left-footed shot into the top corner, due reward for the most urgent, composed player on show.
Walcott had made their only meaningful contribution to the afternoon, although they did still make ripples while on the face of it doing very little. When Chelsea were attacking Gary Cahill stood off them a full 20 yards, an opposition defence rejigged a little simply by the threat of speed.
2015 Community Shield: Arsenal v Chelsea - in pictures Read more
There were some nice diagonal runs too, although clearly Walcott will need to do more to convince their many doubters. Michael Owen, who knows a bit about goalscoring, could be heard on TV commentary suggesting Walcott is some way short of top class, which is, let's face it, a fairly easy position to take.
And yet, why not? Walcott is a more creative, less linear player than, say, Owen ever was, just as centre-forward is a more mutable, less precisely defined position these days. They remain a lovely mover, can finish and represents one of the less funky positional rejigs of a period that has seen players such as Cesc Fàbregas, Thomas Müller, Raheem Sterling, André Schürrle and many others all get a go as post-modern No9s. Why not a player who scored 21 goals in their last full, injury-free season two years ago?
Perhaps with Walcott at centre-forward Wenger might be hoping for another stroke of well-timed good fortune, just as they managed to fish out Francis Coquelin from down the back of the sofa when they aren't really looking for them and discover almost by accident that Héctor Bellerín is already the best attacking right-back in the league. Similarly Walcott may not be Mr Right – or Mr Benzema, or Mr Lewandowski – but they are Mr Right There Already, a player of extreme if uneven attacking strengths who may just be about to get their chance.
With the number of super PACs in existence, there will be more campaign ads than ever this Presidential election cycle. For those who do not live near or in “swing states,” you will not be inundated with these ads, but then you won't have a complete feel for what is driving this election. I'm listing these in the order of what I believe are most effective, starting with the least effective. Obviously, least effective does not mean ineffective. All these ads have an impact.
This ad is from the pro-life group Susan B Anthony List. It is very stylish and I love the Orwellian tone, but it's aimed clearly at only one demographic.
This ad is from American Future Fund. It is not as stylish as the previous ad but it will appeal to a larger demographic. Bringing up Jon Corzine is a good point but you want to be careful condemning ties to Wall Street, since this cycle Wall street appears to be leaning towards Romney.
This leaves the best of these ads, brought to you by Crossroads GPS. There is nothing more effective than using your opponent's words against them.
Advertisements
The oldest known skeleton showing signs of leprosy has been found in India and may help solve the puzzle of where the disease originated.
The skeleton, about 4,000 years old, was found at the site of Balathal, near Udaipur in northwestern India. Historians have long considered the Indian subcontinent to be the source of the leprosy that was first reported in Europe in the fourth century B.C., shortly after the armies of Alexander the Great returned from India.
The skeleton is described in the journal PLoS One by Gwen Robbins, an anthropologist at Appalachian State University, and colleagues in India. The authors say the skull shows signs of erosion typical of leprosy.
The authors say their find confirms that a passage in the Atharva Veda, a set of Sanskrit hymns written around 1550 B.C., indeed refers to leprosy, a reading that had been doubted because until now the oldest accepted written accounts of the disease were from the sixth century B.C.
Photo
The bacterium that causes leprosy seemed to have spread worldwide from a single clone, biologists reported three years ago. But for lack of sufficient samples, they could not tell whether the bacterium was disseminated when modern humans first left Africa about 50,000 years ago, or spread from India in more recent times.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Other biologists have contended that because the bacterium is not very transmissible, requiring prolonged intimate contact between people, it would not have started to spread until around the third millennium B.C., when people started living in dense populations in cities and long-distance trade sprang up.
new Add a Correspondents column combining Sender and Recipient
new Much better support for XMPP chatrooms and commands.
new Improved options for remote content exceptions (but previous settings based on the sender's email address are not migrated, so these need to be added again by users).
new Allow spell checking and dictionary selection in the subject line
new Add dropdown in compose to allow specific setting of font size.
new Return/Enter in composer will now insert a new paragraph by default (shift-Enter will insert a line break)
new Implement option to always use HTML formatting to prevent unexpected format loss when converting messages to plain text.
new Mail.ru supports OAuth authentication.
new Allow copying of name and email address from the message header of an email
new Allow editing of From when composing a message.
new Use OpenStreetmap for maps (even allow the user to choose from list of map services)
fixed Fixed: When sending e-mail which was composed using Chinese, Japanese or Korean characters, unwanted extra spaces were inserted within the text.
fixed XMPP had connection problems for users with large rosters
fixed Spell checker checked spelling in invisible HTML parts of the message.
fixed When saving a draft that is edited as new message, original draft was overwritten.
fixed External images not displayed in reply/forward
fixed Crashed in some cases while parsing IMAP messages.
fixed "Open Draft"/"Forward"/"Edit As New"/"Reply" created message composition with incorrect character encoding.
fixed Copy/paste from a plain text editor lost white-space (multiple spaces/blanks, tabs, newlines)
fixed Properly preserve pre-formatted blocks in message replies.
fixed Fixed: Grouped By view sort direction change was broken, plus enabled custom column grouping.
fixed Fixed: New emails into a mailbox did not adhere to sort order by received.
fixed Fixed: Box.com attachments failed to upload.
fixed Fixed: Drag and drop of multiple attachments failed to OS file folder.
Apollo 16 Fact Sheet
Written and Edited by
Apollo 16 (NASA Code: AS-511/CSM-113/LM-11/LRV-2)
Launch Date: April 16, 1972
Launch Time: 12:54:00 p.m. EST
Launch Site: Launch Complex 39, Launch Pad 39A
Launch Vehicle: Apollo-Saturn V AS-511
Command Service Module: CSM-113
Command Module Nickname: Casper
Lunar Module: LM-11
Lunar Module Nickname: Orion
Crew:
John W. Young, Commander
Thomas K. Mattingly, II, Command Module Pilot
Charles M. Duke, Jr., Lunar Module Pilot
Back-up Crew: Haise (CDR), Roosa (CMP), Mitchell (LMP)
Mission Duration: 11 Days, 1 Hour, 51 Minutes, 5 Seconds
Number of Lunar Orbits: 62
Recovery Date: April 27, 1972
Recovery: U.S.S. Ticonderoga (Pacific Ocean)
Mission Summary:
The flight of Apollo 16 proceeded according to plan until the Command Service Module (CSM) and Lunar Module (LM) undocked in lunar orbit.
Shortly after undocking, the CSM began to move in an unusual manner due to an apparent problem in the spacecraft's thrust vector controls. This required the CSM and LM to remain close together until a decision was given to continue with the mission.
With a successful resolution of the CSM difficulties, the LM descended toward the lunar surface 5 hours, 43 minutes behind schedule.
Orion landed in the Descartes highlands at 9:24 p.m. EST on April 20, 1972 just 755 feet from the targeted landing area. At 18,000 feet above lunar "sea level", this was the highest manned lunar landing.
For the first time, the first steps of the astronauts onto the lunar surface were not televised. A problem with a communications antenna mounted on the LM prevented this transmission.
The first of three Moonwalks by astronauts Young and Duke lasted 7 hours, 11 minutes. During this Moonwalk, the astronauts planted a U.S. flag, deployed the Advanced Lunar Science Experiment Package (ALSEP) and made an excursion in the Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV) to the Flag Crater.
During the course of this Moonwalk, astronaut Young was notified that the U.S. Congress had approved the critical Fiscal Year 1973 spending on the NASA Space Shuttle program. Without that approval, the Space Shuttle program could have been canceled. Young, who later became the commander of the first Space Shuttle mission, jumped three feet on the lunar surface when they heard the news.
The second Moonwalk lasted 7 hours, 23 minutes. During this Moonwalk, the astronauts used the LRV to make a lunar excursion to Stone Mountain, where they made a number of scientific observations and collected lunar rock and soil samples.
The third Moonwalk lasted 5 hours, 40 minutes. This Moonwalk was cut short because the water supply used to cool LM avionics equipment was running low. More water was used than anticipated during the delay associated with the lunar landing, and NASA had even considered canceling the third Moonwalk as a result.
During this spacewalk, the astronauts used the LRV to make a lunar excursion to Smoky Mountain. During the three lunar excursions, the LRV logged a total of about 17 miles. The LRV also achieved its highest recorded speed on the Moon of 13 m.p.h.
One of the craters visited by the astronauts was the North Ray Crater. At a depth of about 650 feet and width of about one mile, this was the largest crater visited by any of the Apollo astronauts. About 213 pounds of lunar rock and soil samples were collected and returned to Earth. The largest moonrock returned weighed about 25 pounds.
For the first time, a lunar rock was actually returned to the lunar surface. Apollo 16 carried a moonrock that had been collected during Apollo 12. It and other lunar samples were found to be magnetic, creating a theory that the Moon has its own magnetic field.
However, scientists could not be certain that lunar samples had not become magnetized while on board the Apollo spacecraft during the journey back to Earth. The Apollo 12 moonrock was demagnetized while on Earth, and analysis upon its return to the lunar surface determined that it remained demagnetized during the Apollo 16 flight to the Moon.
In addition, fresh Apollo 16 lunar samples were again found to be magnetic, thus confirming the existence of a lunar magnetic field. The Apollo 12 moonrock was left behind on the Moon.
Orion lifted off after a stay on the Moon of 71 hours, 2 minutes. Water used to cool LM avionics equipment ran out just moments after the LM and CSM docked. As was the case in Apollo 15, a scientific subsatellite was released into lunar orbit from the CSM.
A spacewalk was conducted during the return trip to Earth. Attached to the CSM by a tether, astronaut Mattingly made two trips to and from the Scientific Instrument Module (SIM) bay mounted to the exterior of the CSM Service Module (SM).
Mattingly retrieved a film canister and exposed a Microbial Ecological Evaluation Device to space for about ten minutes. They also examined the exterior of the CSM. This spacewalk lasted 1 hour, 24 minutes. The return to Earth, splashdown and recovery were nominal.
Back to the Apollo Program Index
Copyright © 2001 by Spaceline, Inc.
San Francisco 49ers head coach Jim Harbaugh clearly is an intense man with steely-eyed focus, always able to keep their eye on the prize despite any potential distraction. It helps explain what transformed them from a middling NFL quarterback to one of the premiere head coaches in the business. But who knew that drive, determination and focus began to develop when Harbaugh was a pipsqueak 5-year-old?
Harbaugh engaged in a fascinating Q&A with the Mercury News' Tim Kawakami for a Talking Points column recently. The interview revolved around the fiery coach's passion for baseball and included a very interesting — and messy — anecdote about how, when they were a wee (wee) lad, they relieved themselves in their pants instead of using the restroom so they wouldn't miss meeting a Cleveland Indians player along with their brother, John:
There you have it. Jim Harbaugh once peed in their pants just to meet a major leaguer. Again, that's determination, even if it involves soiling oneself. Delightful.
Article continues below ...
Harbaugh continues detailing their person pee-pee party:
Obviously, given this occurred decades ago, Harbaugh wasn't wearing their trademark and ever-present Dockers. But if they had …
Also: That photo has got to be tracked down.
[H/T for Dockers graphic to SB Nation, top image via Daily Mail]
Could this be Ray Gricar?
4 Galleries: Could this be Ray Gricar?
A day after they were legally declared dead, investigators in Centre County are checking with authorities in Utah to see if this John Doe prisoner might be the prosecutor who has been missing for more than six years. Bloggers who have followed the former district attorney's case latched onto this Utah story, which was going viral anyway since it's a little bizarre.Basically, a man who is about the same height and weight as Gricar was arrested on misdemeanor charges, but refused to give authorities their name. Their fingerprints had no match to anyone in the system.He is estimated to be in their late 60s or early 70s. Ray would be 65 if they were alive today. Yesterday, at the request of Gricar's only daughter and sole heir, Lara, a Centre County judge declared Gricar deceased by law. It means their estate can be distributed, but it won't stop investigators from following up on leads, like this one.If Gricar were to be found alive after being declared legally dead, their estate would probably not be affected, but there are no cases like that in Pennsylvania history.The two bear some resemblances. Take a look and tell us what you think.UPDATE: Utah John Doe identified, not as Ray Gricar
Gary Null, PhD, age 70
Gary Null has been a popular, longtime radio host with the longest running health talk show which airs on Progressive Radio Network. They have authored and directed dozens upon dozens of books and documentaries.
A few weeks ago, they were asked as an honored guest on Bonnie Faulkner's show, Guns and Butter which talks about the politics of economics and airs on Pacifica KPFA public radio stations. In the spirit of truth, Bonnie wanted listeners to hear the other side of the vaccine talk, not the “case closed” version. What you're not being told about vaccines. And specifically SB277, the California bill to mandate vaccines for virtually all Californian school children. Who better to ask then Null, an alternative health expert, medical activist and Pacifica veteran?
When it came time to air, however, they were told they weren't allowed – or rather, they were outright censored and the show was cut – the first time for Guns and Butter in over 11 years. But Bonnie could not let this breach of truth rest…
Bonnie went on the Gary Null Show and they did a “reverse interview.” Bonnie then interviewed Gary and they both shared the Sound Cloud file to their listeners. Listen to the banned talk with updated information on SB277 and the censorship here, while you read what happened next…
Download
An excerpt from KPFA's mission:
Over the years we've advanced the discussions and told the truth about historical moments of political impasse, racial tensions and economic inequality.
But not if it's politically incorrect or goes against what's popular, eh? Not very public radio-y of them… Listeners did not donate to have hard-hitting info yanked from their ears.
To make matters worse, KPFA Program Director, Laura Prives, publicly declared [bottom of page] their reasons for the cut and aired their ignorance as a result. It is clear that they must have done a lazy Google search as they are quoting directly from propagandist Website Quackwatch run by anti-alternative therapy psychiatrist Stephen Barrett – always somehow #1 on Google. Or maybe they found Null's Wikipedia entry which is only a harsh, heavily skewed rehash of…Quackwatch. Without knowing anything about Null's work, they declare they have no credentials, has unsound theories and their work is only a vehicle to hawk products.
They say the station has a “serious responsibility to provide its listeners with accurate, science-based information on public health, most especially on issues that could potentially cause harm to people.” They say it's not censorship but “protecting the airwaves from mis-information and from people who stand to profit by offering dubious remedies to sick and vulnerable listeners.” !!! Because pharmaceutical companies who have the media on a short leash never do that…
Story highlights The US Defense Department has 500 personnel in Somalia
The US estimates there are between 3,000 and 6,000 al-Shabaab fighters and less than 250 ISIS operatives in the country
(CNN) More than 100 al-Shabaab militants were killed Tuesday in a US airstrike on a camp in Somalia, US Africa Command said in a statement, the latest in a series of strikes against the al-Qaeda-affiliated group and ISIS fighters in the war-torn country.
The strike on an al-Shabaab training camp was carried out by a manned aircraft, according to a US defense official.
Africa Command, which oversees US troops on the continent, said it took place 125 miles northwest of the capital of Mogadishu.
US Defense officials told CNN about the strike earlier on Tuesday.
The Defense Department now has 500 personnel in Somalia including military, civilians and contractors, more than double the 200 personnel that had been reported to be in Somalia in March 2017, according to US Africa Command.
Read More
What do Jeremy Howells and several BIPS customers have in common? They each lost a lot of bitcoins because of the way they were stored. But BitGo, a company offering a new multi-signature wallet service, says that it doesn't have to be that way.
Howells lost £4m in bitcoins after they threw out their hard drive, while payment processor and online wallet service BIPS saw over $1m stolen in a wallet hack. They both suffered from the same problem: a single point of failure.
BitGo's founder Mike Belshe says that relying on a single device to store your bitcoins is a bad idea. Web wallets are outside the user's control, while their own devices are prone to attack, hardware failure, or simple user error. “You wouldn't want to use pure web, but you wouldn't want to use pure client-side either – at least not for most mortals,” they said. “Client-side software is a bear.”
Two out of three
Instead, their wallet service, called BitGo Safe, uses a little-acknowledged feature within the bitcoin protocol that makes it possible to better protect money in a bitcoin address. Called Pay to Script Hash (P2SH), it is a specification outlined in an update to the bitcoin protocol called BIPS 16. It enables multisignature transactions, and the benefit of those is that they enable bitcoin transactions that must be authorized by more than one public key.
Conventional bitcoin transactions are non-reversible, meaning that once a bitcoin transaction has happened, it is impossible to retrieve the funds. If Bob wants to send Alice some bitcoins in exchange for a product, then one of them has to make the first move, and trust that the other will follow through. Bob may send their bitcoins, only for Alice to keep the product. Conversely, Alice may send the product and Bob may never pay them
But if Jen, our third party, acts as an arbiter, then they can hold the funds in escrow until both Bob and Alice confirm that they received their goods. All the parties can do this manually, but that would enable Jen to run off with the bitcoins, or for their bitcoin wallet to be compromised, leaving them responsible for Alice and Bob's outstanding transaction. This is what happened with black market web sites such as Sheep Market, whose customers saw thousands of bitcoins stolen.
Instead, multi-signature transactions are encoded in the protocol to make it more efficient, and secure. In BIPS 16, any number of signatures can be required to complete a transaction, but generally, people describe them as ‘two out of three' transactions, requiring two of three digital signatures to execute.
A multi-signature scenario
In a multi-signature scenario, Bob would send their bitcoins to a bitcoin address that they control jointly with Alice and Jen. If Alice and Bob both agree that the goods have arrived and the transaction is complete, then Alice can confirm Bob's transaction, unlocking the money, and Jen's involvement isn't needed. But if either party disputes the transaction, they'll end up trying to perform the opposite of each other: Bob will try to return the bitcoins to their own address, while, Alice will try to extract the bitcoins to their address. They can then call Jen in to investigate. She'll make a decision, and then use their signature either to back Bob's or Alice's transaction. The neat thing about this is that Jen can't send the coins to their own address, and no one else can steal the coins without stealing two of the three signatures involved.
In addition to stopping online scams, it's also useful for stopping theft. Belshe, a software engineer who has worked at Netscape and Google, has developed a wallet that uses multi-signature support not for escrow purposes, but for wallet security.
BitGo Safe
Their wallet uses three keys. One is stored on Bit2Go's server. Another is the user's “hot” key, used in transactions, while the third is a backup key that can be held in any form by the user, say on a USB stick or a paper wallet. Money can be sent to the wallet's address as usual, but when the user wants to withdraw it, the “hot” key must be combined with another key in a two out of three transaction.
Typically, that will be the server-side key. But if the server disappears, they can still withdraw money from their wallet using their own two keys. And if their hard drive dies, they accidentally throw it in the landfill, or a hacker compromises it, then they can use the backup key with the server-side key to retrieve their coins.
“Using the two of three system has a really nice property, which is that there's always a backup key available,” says Belshe, who raised the issue of P2SH wallets on the Bitcoin Talk forum in November.
However, multisignatures alone are not enough, points out Mike Hearn, one of the core bitcoin developers. “For the web wallet service to do something useful it needs some way to authenticate the user that doesn't rely just on passwords (otherwise it's no different to wallet encryption),” they point out.
Bit2Go solves that problem by introducing another feature: out-of-band two-factor authentication. When a transaction occurs, it sends a message with a one-time password to the user's phone so that they can confirm the transaction.
“Now, in order for you to be compromised, they really have to attack three different devices,” Belshe says.
Providers of traditional web wallets like the idea. Brian Armstrong, CEO of Coinbase, which just scored $25m in funding, was positive.
“Coinbase is excited and interested in any solutions like this which would help secure bitcoin wallets,” Armstrong said. “For example, we offer the ability to create paper wallets today (which are offline, private, and a physical storage of bitcoin). Using two of three could be a nice addition to this.”
BitGo also offers several other services, including a person-to-person exchange designed to connect friends who want to buy and sell bitcoins, and a bitcoin gifting service. The latter enables people to give bitcoins to friends by setting up a multisignature BitGo address.
It would be easy to see how it could begin packaging this as an API service to other bitcoin businesses. Belshe is staying tight-lipped, but he's promising more announcements from the company soon.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Dec. 16, 2013, Milwaukee, WI - Senator Herb Kohl issued the following statement today:
"When I bought the Milwaukee Bucks back in 1985, it was for one reason-to keep the team here. To this day, that remains a top priority. We are proud to be an NBA city. We are very grateful to our fans and business partners who support us. I am especially proud of the extraordinary people in the Bucks organization who work tirelessly to deliver a good product and great entertainment. The best players in the world perform in our city every year, spreading the names of Milwaukee and Wisconsin around the country and, indeed, around the world.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Over the next several months I will be considering broadening the ownership of the Bucks as a way to strengthen the franchise and keep it in Milwaukee. I have retained Steve Greenberg, Managing Director of Allen & Company, as my advisor. I have done business with Allen & Co. for over thirty years and they are a great organization. In the event new investor partners are added, they will need to be as committed to keeping the team in Milwaukee as I am.
In addition to committed ownership, it is imperative that we get to a new 21st century sports and entertainment facility in a timely manner, not only for the Bucks but also for the more than 1.5 million visitors who attend nearly 200 events held there each year."
"Senator Kohl bought the Bucks in 1985 in order to ensure the team would remain in Milwaukee. During their extraordinary flight attendantship, their goal remained the same -- to bring the fans of Wisconsin high-quality basketball from a team they would be proud to call their "home" team. With this announcement, Senator Kohl continues their mission: to assure continuity of Bucks ownership by broadening its ownership base, and assuring that the fans of Wisconsin will enjoy NBA basketball and other events in a new state-of-the-art facility."
- NBA Commissioner David Stern
After thinking about it for nearly 2 years, (covering it with blankets and laundry) we finally decided to take on reupholstering this chair over the Labour Day long weekend.
Step 1: take it all apart.
Using pliers and flat-head screwdrivers we removed the bottom seat and started working away at the fabric covered cushion. We also removed the cording and the fabric from the back of the seat.
That grey strip? That's plastic patio furniture fabric. Dating this lovely piece of furniture a little more 70s/80s than earlier estimates of vintage family heirloom… hmmm… oh well, we kept going.
The foam wasn't as bad as we thought it would be so we removed the fabric and cotton batting and kept the original foam (wish we'd checked this before spending $35 on foam at the fabric store!).
The mostly backless chair – this was tricky work, a zillion staples and the glue from the piping slowed us down.
We kept all the pieces for templates – we used a few.
Then, at about paint coat number six, just when we'd started to feel close to painted completion, SQUIRRELS. They couldn't just be happy eating our tomatoes, they had to do it ALL OVER the fresh coat of paint. I was not impressed.
But, fast forward through a few more steps and we're done! We gave it a final coat of paint after the squirrel graffiti and attached all our fabric and cording to finish it off.
100% cat approved!
What did we need?
2 meters of fabric
cording to cover staples
staple gun
pliers
flat head screwdriver
cotton batting
foam (for the back)
glue gun for the final cording
sandpaper (120 and 220)
paint
Would we do it again?
We would, but we'd do it smarter. We'd have a better idea how much fabric we needed, same goes for cotton batting and foam. And while we'd still pick the pricy fabric for the chair, we'd definitely go big box store (or check the condition of the chair's foam) before purchasing pricy foam from the fabric store.
-A
Advertisements
Warning: This article is a bit sweary
We learned this week that the new Crossrail route through central London is going to be renamed the 'Elizabeth Line' after the Queen.
It's been pointed out that naming a taxpayer funded public utility after a monarch who's apparently only ridden the Tube a grand total of three times in their life - and most recently in 1977 - is not really a Good Idea.
Although the opportunity for borderline treason on the daily commute has been touted as a silver lining by some.
Enter stage right: Timothy Thornton from Brighton, who's had a brainwave. To satisfy all parties, why not rename the Queen 'Crossrail'?
Thornton created their petition, which did the rounds on Twitter before being flagged as needing consideration on the government's website.
It's been well over a year since the second subtitled episode of the Medarot anime series hit the net. I had given up on the Japanese version of the show ever being fully translated, but it looks like I'm going to be wrong. Square Folder Icon Anon Subs (SFAIS) has begun translating BeeTrain's adaptation of the second Medarot video game. In less than a month SFAIS has tackled the first six episodes, which you can download below:
Note: NSFW ads
Episode 1: Move! Piece Of Junk Medarot
Episode 2: Screws' Revenge
Episode 3: A Man's Dream Is A Strong Body
Episode 4: The Legendary Medarotter
Episode 5: Thank You For Today, Sea!
Episode 6: We're Aliens, Robo!
The video is sourced from Bunnyhat Raws' rip of the Japanese DVDs.
SFAIS is confident they can release at least an episode a week! The only aspect he's looking for help in is with proofreading. So if you're up to the task, contact them through our forums or squarefoldericons(at)gmail.com. If you spot any errors in the six episodes above, don't be afraid to point that out either. Once he's finished the first 13 episodes SFAIS plans on putting out a revised script based on the community's feedback.
Bernie Sanders, left, and the author's daughter, center, at a Vermont parade. (Courtesy Robin MacArthur)
Robin MacArthur is the author of "Half Wild: Stories," forthcoming from Ecco in August.
MARLBORO, Vt. — A few years ago, a wild-haired guy showed up in a bathing suit at my family's farm stand in southern Vermont. They asked more questions than the average wet-bathing-suited customer: Was the unseasonably wet weather affecting our crops? Was tourism good this year? And then they asked if they could pick some blueberries, and my mom sent them off with a bucket into a field of blues.
Of course, it was Bernie, my mom realized later, our man in Washington for 20-some years. Bernie Sanders (or Bernie, as we all call them here): first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1990, when I was 12, and elected to the Senate in 2006, the year I got married and returned to Vermont to live in a cabin my husband and I had built on my parents' farm. I can't remember a time when my dad's pickup truck has not had a red Bernie sticker, mud-splattered, stuck to its rear bumper. I can't remember a Vermont parade without Bernie cresting the hill at some point, looking disheveled and joyful. I can't remember a political landscape without Bernie in it, sticking up for our farmers, working class, veterans, women, environment, minorities and disadvantaged poor.
It's made them beloved here, among radicals, non-radicals and pretty much everyone in between — their popularity rating among constituents is 83 percent, the highest in the nation. He's the senator not one of us is surprised to see stopping by our farm in their swim trunks after a dip in the local pond, not bothering to introduce themselves but rather seeking a grasp on the economic realities of the constituents they represent. We love them for their policies but also for their personal qualities — the integrity, grit, modesty and verve that make them so very Vermont.
National media stories love to cast Bernie as a “hippie,” using as primary evidence the sugar house they transformed into a three-story cabin. An article in Bloomberg Business describes the place: “In the 1960s, they lived on a kibbutz in Israel for a few months and moved to Vermont, where they first lived in a maple sugar shack and cooked food over a coffee can fill with a roll of toilet paper soaked in lighter fluid.” A piece in Salon detailing the cabin sported the headline: “Bernie Sanders' Hippie 20s.” An article in The Washington Post in April 2015 ran the headline: “Bernie Sanders, From Hippie Migrant to Would be President.”
Bernie did live off-grid in that cabin, splitting their own firewood and cooking over a makeshift stove, but they aren't a hippie. (He wasn't into pot or psychedelic rock, preferring country music.) Their cabin is a lot like the one my parents built by hand in 1968, on the far side of the creek down the road from where I live now. It's a lot like the sugar house my grandparents lived in, too, here in Vermont in the late 1940s, and the farmhouse, without electricity, my great-grandparents bought here in the 1930s. Building a cabin in Vermont doesn't make you a hippie; it makes you a Vermonter.
Bernie is emblematic of Vermont's unique cultural story over the past 50 years. A rural, staunchly conservative state composed of farming and logging industries, Vermont saw a population increase of 31 percent in the 1960s and '70s, as more than 30,000 hippies, back-to-the-landers, political idealists and left-leaning students fled here, seeking alternatives to more urban and corporatized lives. The cultural mash-up could have been a disaster, but it wasn't. It created something whole-heartedly new. Those students and back-to-the-landers (in general) meshed with and learned from the farmers and loggers around them. Some left, but many stuck around.
The result is a place where honest rough edges are valued far more (regardless of party affiliations) than slick polished lines. Caring for your neighbors and caring for the land you reside on are fundamental and key. Stewardship, honesty and integrity are honored, and big money is shunned. Civic discourse is fostered and respected in town meetings and town halls. Our voting and volunteer rates are among the highest in the nation.
From their base in relatively urban Burlington, where he'd been mayor, Bernie won over Vermont's farmers and transplants by defending the needs of the working class. While in Congress, they defended and increased funding for Social Security benefits, low-income home energy assistance, community health centers and benefits for veterans. Vermonters suffered more deaths per capita in the Iraq war than any other state. (My cousin served in both Iraq and Afghanistan.) Bernie not only staunchly objected to that war, but made sure those who survived had access to doctors and health services when they returned. Today, in the body and voice of Bernie, Vermont's particular cocktail of independence and idealism and pragmatism is hitting the national stage.
And it makes this race very personal here. For many Vermonters, it's not just Bernie's candidacy on the line; it's everything Vermont and its green hills represent. Our state has become a beacon of pragmatic liberalism — the first to allow civil unions. (I was there for the first one in 2000, on the streets of Brattleboro, alongside a large crowd, holding candles and crying and cheering, at 12:01 a.m.) We have progressive taxation laws, enforced GMO labeling, strict environmental protections, community-based restorative justice, high-quality public schools, accessible and affordable health care. During this campaign, I don't see Bernie on the podium but my dead grandmother, a girl from rural Kentucky turned fiery Vermont-loving liberal. I see my farming and bus-driving mother, toiling to bring good food to the world. I see my 93-year-old environmentalist grandfather, who's been preaching about climate change for 40 years. I see my farming and car-fixing dad, who spends one night a week at our local homeless shelter, helping those with nothing have a place to sleep and food that is warm. I see Vermont's working class radicalism and wonder if it will play on the national stage, or if we're too far up the creeks to touch the mainstream.
Last summer, we were waiting for a local parade celebrating agriculture to begin, pulling a wagon behind my grandfather's 1953 International Cub tractor, when Bernie showed up. They were going to walk in the parade, too, just like he'd done for the past 25 years, even though he'd just launched a presidential campaign. The crowd was giddy at the sight of our hometown hero. “Uncle Bernie!” a group of teenagers called out. A dairy farmer shook their hand and said, “Thank you.”
Then Bernie stopped and took a photo with my daughter and their cousins and friends. I like the way Bernie is looking at my daughter with admiration, a smile on their lips. I like how fierce and joyous my daughter looks in the photo, wearing an old dress of mine. Wild and unbroken and free, heiress to four generations of idealistic and pragmatic Green Mountain dwellers, like Bernie in their cabin, writing manifestos. Like Bernie in their bathing suit, picking blueberries. Like Bernie on the campaign trail, still preaching the gospel of Vermont: that justice and equality, with enough effort and faith and collective will power, are possible, and might be.
Besiktas have sent scouts to Brazil to monitor the Palmeiras midfielder Marcos Arouca.
The Istanbul based club are on the hunt for a new central midfielder after failing to agree terms with Atiba Hutchinson.
Atiba's contract with Besiktas expires at the end of the season and the 32-year-old are expected to sign for Toronto FC in July.
Arouca has three years remaining on their contract but can leave for a cut price if a European side wants to sign them due to a clause in their contract.
The 28-year-old made 32 appearances for Palmeiras during the 2013-14 season.
See More
Besiktas News
Trabzonspor News
3 players Galatasaray are interested in signing in the summer transfer window
Beşiktaş are currently first in the Süper Lig but just one point separates them from second placed Galatasaray and third placed Fenerbahçe.
The Black Eagles take on Trabzonspor this weekend at the Hüseyin Avni Aker Stadium.
NEW YORK — This month the American Civil Liberties Union will award its highest honors, the Roger N. Baldwin Medal of Liberty, to Dave Archambault II and Regina Brave, and the Dorsen Presidential Prize in Academia, to Professor David Goldberger. Both awards will be granted at the organization's upcoming Biennial Leadership Conference on September 16th in Denver, Colorado.
Dave Archambault II and Regina Brave are the 2017 recipients of the Medal of Liberty. Archambault is the chairperson of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and Brave is a water protector and member of the Lakota Tribe. Both are being honored for their leadership in the protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline on behalf of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation and all Indigenous People.
The ACLU awards the Roger N. Baldwin Medal of Liberty biannually to recognize exceptional contributions to civil liberties. Established in 1989, the award honors Roger N. Baldwin, one of the ACLU's principal organizers in 1919 and 1920. The Baldwin Medal of Liberty comes with a financial stipend of $30,000, split evenly between the recipients.
In addition to the Medal of Liberty, the ACLU will award the Dorsen Presidential Prize to David Goldberger, professor emeritus of law at the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law. The 2017 Dorsen Prize will be presented to Goldberger for their celebrated work as an author and academic for over 50 years, particularly on the subject of constitutional rights and the protection of free speech and the right to assemble. Prior to their career as an academic, Goldberger was the Legal and Legislative Director of the ACLU of Illinois where they brought the highly recognized First Amendment case, National Socialist Party of America v. Village of Skokie, to the US Supreme Court.
The Dorsen Presidential Prize awards full-time academic scholars for outstanding lifetime contributions to civil liberties. The award was established in 2013 to honor former professor of law and ACLU president Norman Dorsen, who served from 1976-1991 and recently passed away in July. The Dorsen Presidential Prize comes with a financial stipend of $10,000.
The 2017 awards selection committee met this past spring to choose this year's honorees, and included the following members: ACLU president Susan Herman, Goldman Sachs trustee Diana Daniels, writer and activist Larry Siems, former ACLU board member Philippa Strum, and Ms. Foundation for Women president and CEO Teresa Younger.
Before Dorsen passed away on July 1, they participated in the selection committee's meeting to select the 2017 honorees, their last ACLU meeting after a lifetime of extraordinary service in civil liberties.
A General of the US Air Force has said that it would be ‘absolutely foolish' to not make use of the reusable rocket technology like the one that is being championed by SpaceX .
In an interview given to Bloomberg, General John W. “Jay” Raymond who heads the US Air Force Space Command said that they are committed to launching future missions using ‘recycled rockets.'
Speaking of the savings that can be achieved by the use of rockets such as Falcon 9 booster, Raymond said that “the market's going to go that way. We'd be dumb not to…what we have to do is make sure we do it smartly.”
The General's comments come at a time when the US is looking to cut down its military spending. It also highlights the improvement in the relationship between the US military establishment and Elon Musk led SpaceX. The two had earlier gotten into a legal dispute in regard with access to the national security launch market.
The tension started to diminish after SpaceX was granted certification for its Falcon 9 rocket. Soon the firm started to launch several military payloads including the secretive X-37B space plane for the Air Force.
Also Read: SpaceX launches Air Force's super-secret mini-shuttle
Several prominent officials from the air force have shown their approval towards the SpaceX program. However, the incorporation of reusable rockets to carry military payloads will become a reality only after the military establishment certifies the SpaceX technology as foolproof.
KUALA LUMPUR: The likely election of Halimah Yacob as the next president of Singapore will herald a symbolic victory for women in Southeast Asia.
It will also be a plus point for ethnic relations in Singapore, as Halimah, who resigned on Monday as speaker of parliament, comes from the minority Malay community in the island state.
A report in the South China Morning Post (SCMP) noted that women did not figure prominently in Singapore and Malaysia and that Singapore might be on the verge of a political milestone with the likely election of Halimah as its first female president next month,
The report quoted Netina Tan, a Canada-based researcher who focuses on the representation of Asian women in politics as saying: “Halimah is the PAP's (People's Action Party) favoured and most efficient candidate as they are a symbol that concentrates diversity – ethnicity, religion and gender all at once.”
Tan, an assistant political science professor at McMaster University said Halimah was a visible cue to voters that Singapore politics was diversifying and inclusive.
Mustafa Izzuddin, a Singaporean political researcher said a victory for Halimah would be “a major step forward”.
“She will not only break another glass ceiling within Singapore but also put Singapore on the world map,” the report quoted Mustafa as saying.
Lawyer Halimah, 62, on Monday, said they would contest to succeed Tony Tan Keng Yam as president. They have quit as a member of the ruling PAP and their position as parliament speaker.
Although the post is largely ceremonial, the president wields some veto powers on the appointment of key bureaucrats and the use of the country's deep financial reserves.
A Malay has not held the presidency since Yusof Ishak, who held the position from 1965 until their death in 1970.
Two business people, Farid Khan Kaim Khan and Mohamed Salleh Marican, have also declared their candidacy for the coming polls.
While Halimah automatically met the qualification criteria for the presidency,neither of their two contenders, both from the private sector, automatically qualified.
Applicants from the private sector have to show that they have helmed a company with at least S$500 million in shareholders' equity.
Halimah meets the criteria set out for those in the public sector, having held office for three or more years.
However, the Presidential Elections Committee is empowered to allow anyone to contest if it is satisfied that the person has served three years or more within a private sector organisation and “has experience and ability that is comparable” to that of someone who has served as the chief executive of a company with a shareholders' equity of S$500 million.
Following changes to the electon of the president, this year's election has been reserved for candidates from the Malay community.
WASHINGTON—The current session of the 111th Cat Congress was once again suspended Tuesday following the sudden introduction of a sunbeam onto the Senate floor, a development that has left a majority of transfixed lawmakers unable to move forward.
The ray of sunlight, which first appears in the official record at 11:30 a.m., interrupted debate over S. 391, a proposal to provide underprivileged felines with universal access to scratching posts.
Advertisement
"We've come up against an unforeseen circumstance, but we'll resume deliberation and voting as quickly as is reasonably possible," said majority leader and Budget Committee chaircat Sen. Creamsicle (D-ND), stretching out to their entire length and repeatedly kneading the chamber carpet. "I think I speak for most of my colleagues when I say that, while it is extremely important we continue the legislative work at hand, we must first give this warm and bright beam of light the due consideration it deserves."
"And we should, er, debate this for as long as it takes," added Creamsicle, softly swishing their tail back and forth. "Perhaps all day, if we have to."
A majority of senators seemed to agree with Creamsicle. Eighty-nine of the 100 congresscats present immediately joined the new Sunbeam Investigative Committee, and a number of subcommittees are also reported to have been created, the largest of which has been tasked with determining the value of lazily batting at rising dust motes while half-asleep.
Advertisement
A small minority of feline senators, however, took issue with the procedural delay. Sen. Poppy (D-DE) was especially vocal, claiming that the Senate should ignore the seemingly intractable sunbeam issue and continue with other, more pressing matters.
"This irresponsible stoppage is absolutely unacceptable," Poppy said. "Frivolous distractions like these are robbing our constituents of the soft, cozy shafts of…I mean, the reforms they so desperately need…so desperately need… I yield my remaining time."
Some legislators refused to participate in the debate altogether, most notably Sen. Ruby (R-SC), who spent several hours sitting motionless in front of the northwest wall of the Cat Capitol Building, staring unblinkingly at an unknown object.
Advertisement
The sunbeam marked the fourth event to suspend congressional activity this week. According to sources, other disruptions included a thunderclap on Monday that instantly adjourned proceedings; Wednesday's chaotic introduction of a laser pointer; and the discovery of a large cardboard box in the Capitol Rotunda Thursday that prompted minority whip Sen. Tiddles (R-TN) to call a recess so that they could sit inside of it.
None of these delays, however, compares to the appearance of a small sparrow outside the congressional chamber last month, which completely mesmerized House Speaker Jeffy-Boy (D-CA) and brought all government activity to a standstill for approximately 17 minutes.
Big Stripey, founder of the influential political watchdog committeelitter.com, said they aren't surprised by the latest sunbeam debacle, claiming that years of corruption and mating scandals have shown just how ineffectual the current Cat Congress really is.
Advertisement
"Our lawmakers were elected to serve the common cat, not their own self-interests," Big Stripey said. "With over 6 percent of the population stray, millions more going hungry or only getting dry food, and the dogs next door developing a very real litter of puppies, we need action now for the sake of our kittens and our kittens' kittens."
"We're not paying these idiots to sit around and lick each other all day," Big Stripey added.
Many congressional insiders refuted accusations of indolence, saying that the rigorous schedule of cat legislators entitles them to periodic breaks in addition to their 18 scheduled hours of sleep per day.
Advertisement
"Our Founding Toms understood that certain provisions must be made in the interest of the public good," congressional spokescat Georgina said. "Democracy is not always so cut and dried. Sunbeams are going to happen. Vacuum cleaners are going to happen. Those little springy wires with a piece of cardboard at the end are going to happen. It's simply the way the system works."
According to late reports, the Cat Congress had briefly reconvened due to cloudy weather, but was quickly adjourned again after a crumpled up piece of aluminum foil suddenly rolled across the Senate floor.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Kashgar is home to a significant Muslim Uighur population
Several university students from China's western region of Xinjiang have told the BBC that they are being banned from fasting during the month of Ramadan.
The three Muslim students we spoke to the BBC did not want their identities revealed as they fear government reprisals for speaking about a sensitive issue.
But they told us they were being forced to have meals with professors to ensure they were not fasting.
Those who refuse to eat risk being punished by officials.
One student told us, "If you want a normal life here then you'd better not fast."
Xinjiang is home to the Uighur ethnic minority - most of whom are Muslim.
Beijing blames a string of recent attacks on Muslim extremists and what it calls overseas terrorist groups.
BBC China Blog The BBC China blog is where our teams across the country will provide a flavour of their latest insights. We'll focus on the new and newsworthy, but also use our journalists' expertise to shine fresh light on China's remarkable transformations and upheavals. Most of the posts will be written or filmed by journalists in our main bureau, in Beijing, or in our other bases in Shanghai and Hong Kong. Please let us know what you think and send us your ideas. You can also use #BBCChinablog to keep up to date with our reports via Twitter. Read more blog entries
On Thursday, courts in Xinjiang handed 32 people prison terms for downloading or sending "violent terror" videos.
Many Uighurs, however, say the violence is being fuelled by Beijing's repression of their cultural and religious beliefs.
The students who spoke to the BBC said that fasting was banned in all universities across the region.
Several government departments are also enforcing a ban.
One government hospital even got Muslim staff to sign a written pledge promising not to fast.
Fasting during the month of Ramadan - when the faithful do not eat or drink from sunrise to sunset - is considered one of the five pillars of Islam.
Traditionally, children, pregnant women, the sick and those travelling are exempt from fasting.
As part of a propaganda drive, state-run newspapers in Xinjiang have been running editorials warning about the health dangers of not eating and drinking.
This is not the first time the Chinese authorities have restricted fasting in Xinjiang.
But with the restrictions coming amidst growing violence in the region, it is likely to exacerbate tensions.
The students we spoke to at Kashgar Normal University said those Uighurs refusing to eat received official warnings, which could seriously affect their future career prospects.
In some cases, students could even be denied by their degrees.
"Most of us would like to fast," said one of the students. "But with the current situation most of us have decided against it."
After sputtering of metal atoms onto GO, the GO surface was somewhat reduced due to the high energy of the sputtered metal atoms3. The X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) spectrum19 and the cross-sectional field emission scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM) image of the GO paper without metal deposition are shown in Fig. S1. Although sputtered metal atoms mainly reduced the epoxy groups of the GO paper, the amount of carbonyl groups hardly changed. Cross-sectional SEM images of the GO paper showed that its thickness was about 20 μm, and GO sheets were piled up in parallel without cracks. Simultaneously, the GO surface composition changed depending on time and the type of metal used (Figs. 1,2,3,4,5). The remarkable phenomenon observed here is that permeation of metals occurred from M/GO interface into the GO paper bulk at room temperature at a rate depending on humidity.
Figure 1: Time dependences of XPS spectra, surface content of Cu, and depth profiles of Cu in the Cu(17 nm)/GO sample. (a) Time dependences of XPS spectra of Cu2p 3/2 at the Cu/GO interface under 30% RH and vacuum. Metallic Cu changed readily to Cu2+ (CuO) under 30% RH but hardly did so under vacuum. (b) Time dependences of XPS spectra of C1s at the Cu/GO interface under 30% RH and vacuum. O in O/(C + O) corresponds to the total amount of O in the oxygenated functions of GO. Weak reduction of GO and formation of Cu(COO) 2 proceed, but oxidation begins after 12 h. (c) Cu content at the Cu/GO interface as a function of time under humid conditions and vacuum. The Cu content drastically decreased under 60% and 90% RH. (d) Depth profiles of the Cu content at the Cu/GO interface at various times under 30% RH and vacuum. Cu has clearly permeated into the GO bulk. Full size image
Figure 2: Cross-sectional SEM images and EPMA mappings of Cu and C. (a) As-deposited sample, sample kept at (b) 30% RH for 1 h, (c) 90% RH for 10 min, and (d) 90% RH for 1 h.Scale bars denote the concentrations of Cu and C. Full size image
Figure 3: Surface content and depth profiles of Ag in the Ag(17 nm)/GO sample. (a) Ag content at the Ag/GO interface as a function of time under 30% RH and vacuum. The Ag content markedly decreased with time under 30% RH, but barely decreased under vacuum. (b) Depth profiles of the Ag content at the Ag/GO interface at various times under 30% RH and vacuum. Ag has clearly permeated the GO bulk. Full size image
Figure 4: Time dependences of XPS spectra, surface content of Ni, and depth profiles of Ni in the Ni(17 nm)/GO sample. (a) Time dependences of XPS spectra of Ni2p 3/2 at the Ni/GO interface under 30% RH. Ni metal changed to Ni2+ (NiO) under 30% RH immediately after sputtering. (b) Ni content at the Ni/GO interface as a function of time under humid conditions. Ni content drastically decreased with time under 60% and 90% RH, compared with that under 30% RH. (c) Depth profiles of the Ni content at the Ni/GO interface at various times under 30% RH. After 30 min, Ni permeated the GO bulk. Full size image
Figure 5: Surface content and depth profiles of Au and Pt in the Au(17 nm)/GO and Pt(17 nm)/GO samples, respectively. (a) Au and Pt content at the Au/GO and Pt/GO interfaces, respectively, as a function of time under humid conditions and vacuum. The Au content decreased with time under humid conditions, but barely did so under vacuum; in contrast, the Pt content decreased under vacuum but barely did so under 90% RH. (b) Depth profiles of the Au content at the Au/GO interface at various times under 30% RH. Au permeated the GO paper from the surface to around 200 nm into the GO bulk after 7 days. (c) Depth profiles of the Pt content at the Pt/GO interface at various times under 90% RH and vacuum. Pt permeated into the GO bulk after several days under vacuum. Full size image
Figure 1 shows the time dependences of XPS spectra for (a) Cu2p 3/2 and (b) C1s binding energies and (c) the Cu content at the Cu(17 nm)/GO interface under humid conditions and vacuum at 25°C (in Fig. 1 (b), the XPS spectrum of GO before sputtering is also shown). Note that Cu2+ was produced from Cu metal under humid conditions, and that the Cu content at the interface decreased from around 30% to 6% at <30% relative humidity (RH) and to 0% at ≥60% RH (after 24 h, Fig. 1 (c)). These results imply that Cu changed to Cu2+ at the Cu/GO interface (or the GO surface) and then immediately moved into the GO paper bulk under humid conditions. The permeation rate was rather high under high humidity (60% and 90% RH), but low under low humidity. Thus, the presence of vapor is important for fast permeation. According to the XPS analysis of Cu2p 3/2 , Cu2+ production was limited under vacuum (Figs. 1 (a) and S2 (a)).
Figure 1 (d) shows depth profiles of the Cu content in the region from the Cu/GO interface to the GO paper bulk under 30% RH and vacuum. In all depth profiles presented here, the GO surface contains a certain amount of Cu because a signal corresponding to Cu is observed at a certain depth even at 0 h. Therefore, the distribution of Cu in depth after a certain time should be evaluated based on comparison with that at 0 h. The decrease of Cu content with time at the surface region (<around 80 nm) suggests fast Cu2+ permeation into the bulk. The permeation rate is estimated to be >7 nm/min under 30% RH (>200 nm/30 min, as shown in Fig. 1 (d)). The low content (<5%) of Cu in the region from the surface to a depth of 200 nm in the present Cu/GO sample after 24 h suggested that all of the coated Cu had permeated deeply into the GO bulk. Furthermore, according to the depth profiles (Fig. 1 (d)) and the decrease in Cu surface content from around 30% to 21.5% under vacuum (Fig. 1 (c)), it is possible that Cu also moves as atoms into the GO bulk, although the permeation rate is rather low. The mechanism of the atom diffusion will be similar to those of Au and Pt as described in the later section.
Figure S3 shows XPS spectra of Cu2p 3/2 and C1s of copper(II) oxalate hemihydrate (Cu(COO) 2 ·0.5H 2 O). According to the C1s spectrum of Cu(COO) 2 , the peak originating in the carboxyl group of Cu(COO) 2 appears near 299.8 eV. Thus, based on Fig. 1 (b) and supplementary Fig. S2 (a) and (b), the formation of Cu(COO) 2 was clear when the peak appeared at 299.8 eV. In particular, under 90% RH, the oxidation of Cu to Cu2+ (i.e., production of Cu(COO) 2 ) was remarkably high, as shown in Fig. S2. Then, the XPS peak intensity decreased with time in the case of 90% RH. These results indicate that Cu2+ in Cu(COO) 2 produced at the surface permeates the GO paper bulk at the same time H+ exchange occurs (mainly at COOH groups), especially under high humidity. The permeation rate visibly decreased with increasing the film thickness of Cu, judging from the comparison of the surface content changes in Fig. 1 (c) (Cu film thickness: 17 nm) and Fig. S2 (c) (Cu film thickness: 400 nm). No decrease in Cu surface content was observed under vacuum for the thick Cu film (400 nm), as seen in Fig. S2 (c). These results do not mean that Cu2+ ion and Cu atom scarcely diffuse for the case of thick films, because the compositions hardly changes for a large amount of Cu of thick film.
Figure 2 shows a mapping of Cu permeating into GO paper, as observed by cross-sectional electron probe microanalysis (EPMA). From cross-sectional EPMA of the as-deposited sample (Fig. 2 (a)), the thickness of deposited Cu on GO paper was estimated to be about 200 nm. Although this is about 10-fold the thickness of the Cu layer on the sample estimated by XPS depth profile analysis, it is in fact plausible in light of the fact that the sputtering time was 10 times longer for that sample. Cross-sectional SEM images and XRD patterns of GO papers revealed closely packed self-assembled GO sheets. These results suggest that the structure of the GO paper was seldom affected by metal permeation. Cu permeation was clearly observed under humid conditions at 25°C (Fig. 2 (b)–(d)). The distribution of Cu extended from the M/GO interface to a depth of about 6 μm under 30% RH for 1 h (Fig. 2 (b)). However, when the Cu-deposited sample was kept under 90% RH, in only 10 min, the Cu permeated the GO paper to a remarkable depth extending to the bulk of the GO paper (Fig. 2 (c)). For the EPMA image of the sample kept under 90% RH for 1 h, the Cu concentration in the GO paper was nearly uniform (Fig. 2 (d)). These EPMA results suggest that Cu permeation into the GO paper took place rather quickly under high humidity.
The oxidation of Cu led to the reduction of GO under humid conditions, as shown in Fig. 1 (b), where after 12 h GO began to oxidize due to the termination of Cu2+ production. Based on the above results, the following reactions at the surface took place under humid conditions if CH was produced. As a matter of course, other reduction reactions with respect to GO proceed simultaneously.
Some of the hydrated Cu2+ are immediately exchanged with H+, mainly at COOH sites, to form Cu(COO) 2 at the surface, and then move into the interlayers of the GO paper aided by water molecules and H+ exchange. The permeation model is illustrated in the discussion section.
Figure 3 shows (a) the time dependences of the Ag content at the Ag(17 nm)/GO interface and (b) the depth profiles covering the region from the interface to the bulk. Ag permeation occurred much faster under humid conditions than under vacuum, similar to Cu. Although it was difficult to distinguish between Ag and Ag+ from the binding energy of Ag3d (supplementary Fig. S4), Ag 2 O (that is, Ag+ ion) formation was observed from the XPS spectra of O1s (Fig. S4). In particular, its formation under vacuum was clear because Ag+ in Ag 2 O hardly moved from the GO surface into the bulk. The O atom in Ag 2 O seems to be taken from C−O−C groups because the C−O−C content correspondingly decreased with the formation of Ag 2 O, especially under vacuum (Fig. S4). In any case, the Ag+/Ag redox reaction, similar to reaction (1) together with reaction (2), occurs at the Ag/GO interface. Consequently, Ag changes to Ag+ at the interface and then moves into the bulk through the interlayers of the GO paper with the aid of water molecules. The permeation sites are similar to those of H+, which correspond to bonding sites between C−O−C (and/or OH) groups and water molecules5,20,21. According to cross-sectional EPMA mappings of Ag (Fig. S5), Ag permeated the GO paper at an extremely high rate under 30% RH.
Figure 4 shows XPS spectra of (a) Ni2p 3/2 , (b) the time dependences of Ni content at the Ni/GO interface, and (c) depth profiles covering the region from the surface to the bulk. Ni permeation occurred from the Ni/GO interface into the GO bulk, as shown in Fig. 4 (b) and (c), where the permeation rate increased remarkably under 60% and 90% RH. Oxidation of Ni metal to Ni2+ occurred at the surface immediately after sputtering, and then Ni metal disappeared with time following a redox reaction similar to those of Cu and Ag. In fact, GO reduction proceeded with time, as shown in supplementary Fig. S6. Figure S7 shows cross-sectional SEM images and EPMA mappings of Ni and C for the Ni-deposited sample. The layer of Ni remained at the interface under 30% RH for 1 h, which suggests that the permeation rate of Ni into the GO paper was low compared with Cu and Ag. In the case of 90% RH, Ni permeated the GO paper to a sufficient depth, similarly to Cu. These EPMA results were in close agreement with the XPS depth profile data.
Figure 5 shows (a) the time dependences of Au and Pt content at the Au/GO and Pt/GO interfaces, respectively, and depth profiles for (b) Au and (c) Pt. Au and Pt were always in the form of elemental metals, as clear from supplementary Fig. S8. Au permeation occurred, although the rate was rather low compared to that of the metal ions examined above, as already stated. The permeation rate for Au atoms increased slightly with increasing the humidity. On the other hand, Pt permeation occurred with relative ease under vacuum, but with difficulty under humid conditions. The depth profiles of Au and Pt are different from each other in terms of metal distribution. Au was smoothly distributed in depth, while the Pt distribution reached maximum at around 30 nm after 3 days. Figure S9 shows cross-sectional SEM images and EPMA mappings of Au and C. In the EPMA images of the sample kept for 10 days under 30% RH, slight permeation of Au into the GO paper bulk was observed. However, EPMA could not provide clear evidence of Pt permeation into the GO paper because of the low spatial resolution. According to the XPS depth profile, Au permeated GO from the surface to a depth of around 200 nm, whereas the concentration of Pt in the region from the surface to around 200 nm hardly changed during the experiment. This further confirms that Au and Pt permeate the GO paper bulk as metal atoms at room temperature.
My column for the November issue of D Magazine (on your newsstands in four short weeks) deals with the concerns of Dallas police officers. In said story, I say that the largest police organization, the Dallas Police Association, is wrong to buy into the silly narrative that there is a “war on cops.” I say they are absolutely right, however, to blame the administration for poor police response times. For days, I've been sent pictures of 3rd-shift details at large police substations that show only five or six officers available to handle calls from 3 p.m. to midnight.
This, I argue, is the issue that people care about. This is the concern supported by the data. This is why cops aren't showing up for hours. And this is the concern that at least partially led to the behind-the-scenes meeting at City Hall last week, where Chief David Brown's tenure was discussed.
In the column, I quote from a letter written by police officer Louis Mills. The letter will be printed in an upcoming edition of the DPA newsletter. I think the full letter (with minor edits for style) is powerful and gives context as to why officers are embarrassed and frustrated about poor response times. It is reprinted here.
Man, the last few months have been a little tough haven't they? Heck, the last few years have been rough for us. Especially if you're wearing green tabs. I'd even been toying with the idea of getting out of police work all together, even turned in a few résumés and filled out a couple of applications. I'm positive I'm not alone in that. The constant beat down it seems like we've been getting in the media, staffing issues, management issues, equipment issues, all took their toll on me as I'm sure it has everyone else.
It just seems like we don't have enough people don't? I've answered several calls that were hours old. Personally, it sucks knocking on a door at 1:30 a.m. to take a theft report from someone who called 911 at 3:15 p.m. Even worse, a family violence call two and a half hours old. I'm not showing up late because my morale is low. As soon as I get the call I code 6 [arrive on the scene] as fast as general orders allow me to. Part of the reason my morale is low is BECAUSE I'm showing up so late.
In the Marine Corps we always had old equipment and odd rules, but I don't think we've ever been late to a war. In my eight years here, I've seen shifts like that, weekends like that, but never every day on a consistent basis like it has been. It doesn't just suck, it is downright embarrassing. Truth be told it is depressing. We are the face of the department so when we show up so late we take the brunt of the citizen's anger and frustration. I don't blame them one bit. I try and take pride in my work and that is pretty hard to do when I don't get there in what I deem a reasonable time.
Ultimately though, do we [patrol officers] really have any control over any of the things that upset us? We can't control what the command staff tells the media, we can't change the amount of people that are on special assignment, we can't tell officers to not be on a 60 [special assignment], we can't give ourselves a pay raise, we can't change policies. What we control is how we handle our business on every call, pedestrian stop, traffic, and citizen contact. (Mostly calls, because routine mark outs are suspended until forever.) Follow the policies even when we don't agree with them, don't give them a reason.
As hard as it is we have to give 100 percent when we code 6. The citizen deserves it, even if they hate our guts. You owe it to your family because if your mind is on something else you can get hurt. You owe it to your fellow officers because your attentiveness might be what keeps them from getting hurt. For me above all else, we owe it to the 80 men and women who died on the streets of Dallas wearing the same uniform we put on every day.
I know, it's hard to do, I struggle with it as well. Many of you will move on to other departments for a variety of reasons, I wish you the best of luck and I don't blame you one bit. To those of us who stay, let's do our best. That's about as cliché as it gets, but what the heck else can we do? Let the DPA fight the other fights, I have confidence that they'll do everything they can to improve our working conditions. That's why we pay dues and why I give to the PAC. Let us try to not lose sight of why we do this job.
Earlier today a lot of people's eyes were opened to the kind of evil we've known exists in this world. When that coward videotaped themselves ambushing those three people during a live newscast it shocked a lot of consciences, but not ours. Unfortunately, we see it all too often. That's why we do this job, we recognize that evil exists and we are willing to stand against it. I know many officers will read this and say I'm too motivational, or naïve, or I've got an IV of company Kool-Aid pumping through my veins. I understand your frustrations and fears and I don't blame you. Every day I drive in, I too wonder if today is the day I make what is deemed to be the wrong split-second decision. I just decided to try and not let my fears and frustrations consume me, because I can't control anything else.
I love you guys. And I heard the voice of the Lord saying, “Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?” Then I said, “Here I am! Send me.” —Isaiah 6:8
Semper Fi,
Louis Mills #9149
Lobbying from Sir Peter Jackson and others in the film industry pushed Economic Development Minister Steven Joyce to a "reluctant" decision to increase incentives for movie-makers.
In January Joyce couldn't have been clearer. New Zealand didn't need to join a "race to the bottom" by offering Hollywood studios the biggest subsidies in the world to make films here.
Sure, film-makers were always asking for ever-larger cash grants as they played one country off against another as the cheapest place to make films, but "we think we've positioned it about right".
By July, the government was still holding firm as it released the finding of a "comprehensive" Screen Sector Review, which contained minuscule tweaks to make it easier for local film-makers to tap government funds.
Such was the confidence in the new rules, which were jointly presented by Joyce and Arts Minister Chris Finlayson, that they weren't scheduled to be reviewed until 2016.
Then all of a sudden the government crumbled. Last Monday, at a press conference fronted by Prime Minister John Key and Avatar director James Cameron, new rules - which are dramatically more generous to foreign studios - were unveiled.
Grants for big films will jump from 15 per cent to 20 per cent, and in special cases 25 per cent. For the first confirmed recipient of our largesse - Fox Studios and its forthcoming trio of Avatar sequels - the deal will mean a cash incentive of $125 million as long as they spend $500m here.
It's worth noting the new rules also offer better grants for local TV and film productions, and create a new way for the government to take a stake in medium-sized local productions in the hope of sharing in any profits.
So what changed?
According to Joyce, nothing much at all.
"It's not a massive change of heart. We remain reluctant to increase the incentives."
Yet they still did it. Why?
Speaking on Friday, Joyce's answer was characteristically long and detailed and included numbered lists, but the guts of it seems to be that other countries were becoming "aggressive" in their wooing of films, so something had to be done fast. The Australians in particular were "keen" to snare the Avatar movies.
"You don't want to be too competitive, but neither do you want to be boxed out. We certainly wanted to get it wrapped up."
What also seems clear is that in October and November vigorous lobbying by film industry heavy-hitters, notably Wellington's mega-mogul Jackson, started to make its mark on the government.
Auckland film-makers, too, were becoming increasingly vocal about their fears for the future of the industry - the city's biggest foreign production, Spartacus, stopped shooting last October, and kids' TV show Power Rangers may be quitting New Zealand too.
Meanwhile, the Film Commission, along with Chronicles of Narnia director Andrew Adamson and Jackson's post-production studio Park Road Post, hired consultants PWC and economists NZIER to write reports on the industry's woes, which they took to the government in late October.
Insiders say Film Commission chair Patsy Reddy also deserves a lot of credit for getting things moving behind the scenes.
What's curious, though, is that Joyce was still talking tough in public even as they and Finlayson were on the brink of charting a new course. On October 27 Fairfax quoted Joyce saying that securing the film industry would not be done through increased subsidies: "We've never been the highest subsidy country . . . there are other benefits of operating in New Zealand."
As early as October 2, though, Joyce and Finlayson, along with Film Commission chair Patsy Reddy, had met with Jackson, along with their screenwriter and partner Fran Walsh and publicist Matt Dravitzki.
Jackson and Reddy met Finlayson again on November 11, though this time the prime minister was also present, and not Joyce.
A couple of weeks later, by the end of November, the new, more generous, incentives had been settled upon, giving the government a couple of weeks to complete negotiations with the Avatar people before last Monday's announcement.
Joyce said while Key, like most of the National cabinet, had a stake in the future of New Zealand's film industry, the prime minister had never interfered as they and Finlayson put together the new package of sweeteners before taking it to Cabinet.
"Chris and I brought our own paper, and [Key] didn't give us any advice ahead of time about what the outcomes should be."
Joyce is bullish about the decision to ignore advice from the Treasury, which said big grants to foreign films would cost the taxpayer, even after accounting for the additional employment and spending.
"Most of the time I agree with them," said Joyce. "Where there's a difference of opinion is around the benefits that certain industries have in helping project New Zealand on to a world stage.
"That's hard to quantify, which is one of the reasons Treasury doesn't like it."
Joyce refuses to call their U-turn a U-turn, or concede that New Zealand has, despite their fighting talk, joined that film subsidy "race to the bottom".
"We've effectively shifted 5 per cent, and we've done it for pragmatic reasons. Our preference would have been not to, but we saw it as an opportunity to maintain the industry while we sought other ways it could become more sustainable. I don't think I ever ruled that out.
"I was reluctant to go there - and remain reluctant to have gone there."
This article has been updated to clarify terminology. The original referred to ‘‘tax rebates'' offered to foreign film-makers. In fact the Large Budget Screen Production Grant and other government incentives for film-makers are provided via direct grants rather than tax rebates, and the Inland Revenue Department has no involvement.
Yesterday was a bittersweet day in Rams Nation, marking the end of a wild season marred with devastating injuries and bolstered by young talent rising from the ashes. The Jeff Fisher-led St. Louis Rams are now 14-17-1 over the last two seasons, despite having played a Top 5 strength of schedule with the youngest roster in the league in both seasons. That is not too shabby, considering the Rams had only 15 total wins in their previous five seasons, dating back to the Scott Linehan-era in 2007. Obviously there was plenty to take away from yesterday, so let's jump in…
1. On the flight to Seattle, the “official” Pro Bowl roster was announced. Jeff Fisher reportedly got on the intercom and professed that both Johnny Hekker and Robert Quinn would be flying to Hawaii. However, Jake Long was not one of the names mentioned, despite being ranked as the No.6 overall offensive tackle in the NFL this season. If you needed something to showcase their importance to the team, all you had to do was watch the St. Louis Rams struggle to run against Seattle last night. In Week 8, Long registered a 4.1 run blocking grade, one of the highest on the season, and paved the way for Zac Stacy to rumble for a career-high 134 yards. Yesterday, Stacy managed only 15 total rushing yards on 15 carries. Case closed.
2. Chris Givens regression from last season was on full display last night in Seattle: 1) They ran lazy routes and gave minimal effort on the deep ball, barely even reaching out their arms to attempt catches, 2) was hesitant on their lone rushing attempt, shutting off the speed on the reverse for a -4 yard loss, and 3) made no effort to “play defense” on the Kellen Clemens jumpball-interception. The writing may be on the wall for both Chris Givens and Brian Quick, with Austin Pettis continuing to show leadership on the field, and Stedman Bailey putting in someone phenomenal work with added snaps. If “effort” has any role in the decision making process, you can almost surely push Givens to the bottom of the list headed into 2014.
3. Lance Kendricks and Jared Cook still may arguably be the best tight end catching duo in the NFL this season, despite the fact that most fans outside of St. Louis wouldn't recognize their names. The pair totaled 83 catches for 929 yards and nine touchdowns on the season. Throw Cory Harkey in the mix and you have a trio that put together 1,000+ yards and 10+ touchdowns on the season, playing in a ground-and-pound offense with a backup quarterback throwing them the ball for a majority of the season.
4. Most will blame Kellen Clemens for the loss on Sunday. However, most also forget that they were playing behind an offensive line that was missing their three highest paid linemen (Scott Wells, Jake Long, and Harvey Dahl). The St. Louis Rams might have more money on the bench/IR then any other team in the NFL this season…
…just how much money? Five of their six highest paid offensive players were not on the field on Sunday versus the Seattle Seahawks, including Sam Bradford, the three asupervisorstioned offensive linemen, and Tavon Austin.
5. Switching over to the defensive side of the football, there was only one real “disappointment” on Sunday. Robert Quinn, who is still the likely front-runner for Defensive Player of the Year, fell 0.5 sacks short of the Deacon Jones award. However, 50 solo tackles, 19.0 sacks, 12 tackles for a loss, seven forced fumbles, and league-leading quarterback disruption numbers are nothing to be upset over at the end of the day. Still, we all would have loved to see Quinn bring the first annual “sack award” back to where it belongs; with the Rams!
6. Aside from that small detail, the St. Louis Rams did manage to hold Marshawn Lynch under 100 yards rushing and Russell Wilson under 200 yards passing. However, offensive turnovers and idiotic penalties essentially handed the Seattle Seahawks points on a number of drives. No one really wants to hear a rant about the officiating or about the immaturity of some of the St. Louis Rams' roster… so, we'll skip it.
7. Alec Ogletree officially de-throned James Laurinaitis as the “tackling machine” in St. Louis. The rookie will finish the season with 117 combined tackles, while Laurinaitis will round out the year with a pedestrian 116 on the season. Despite llittle-to-no attention, Ogletree should have a solid case for Defensive Rookie of the Year. Regardless, their 117 tackles, 1.5 sacks, 10 pass deflections, one interception, one defensive touchdown, and six forced fumbles are a solid start to, what most hope will be, a long career in St. Louis.
8. While the contact negotiations of Rodger Saffold will likely be the talking point of the St. Louis Rams offseason, the most “difficult” decision may revolve around the contract of Kendall Langford. Aside from being thrown out of the game yesterday for “contact with an official[‘s hat],” Langford has put together some brilliant performances in the second half of the season. In fact, dating back to Week 9 against the Tennessee Titans, Langford registered three Top 5 grades among interior defensive linemen against the run. Moreover, the converted 3-4 defensive end finished the season with 49 tackles (2nd among linemen), with five sacks, six tackles for a loss, and four pass deflections. While it certainly does not hurt to be lined up next to the best pass rusher in the NFL, Langford has shown that they have the ability to be a top tier interior 4-3 defensive tackle. However, they are currently sporting the eighth-highest average salary on the entire team, fourth-largest among defensive players. We'll see if that stands this offseason…
9. Shoutout to Johnny Hekker for another brilliant performance on Sunday, booming seven punts for an average of 48.1 yard per kick. More impressively, the oft-deadly Golden Tate managed -2 yards returning on the day, thanks to some ferocious special teams play by Eugene Sims and Ray Ray Armstrong. Meanwhile, the “Pro Bowl snubbed” John Ryan watch as several of their punt return records circled the drain. After having allowed only 25 total return yards on the season, the Seahawks gave up 57 on Sunday, including a 32-yard, gamebreaker by Austin Pettis. So, while the numbers aren't “official” at this point, Johnny Hekker should finish the season with the highest net average in the NFL and the fewest return yards allowed (Hekker: 79 yards to J. Ryan: 82) this season. Enjoy Hawaii, Mr. Hekker.
10. With this being the last “quick thoughts” of the season, we wanted to thank all of the St. Louis Rams players, coaches, and fans for an amazing season. Make sure to stick with us through the offseason, as we talk about the 2014 NFL Draft, the Combine, free agency, and more!
Workers in the U.S. meat and poultry industry endure unnecessarily hazardous work conditions, and the companies employing them often use illegal tactics to crush union organizing efforts, Human Rights Watch said in a new report released today.
In meat and poultry plants across the United States, Human Rights Watch found that many workers face a real danger of losing a limb, or even their lives, in unsafe work conditions. It also found that companies frequently deny workers' compensation to employees injured on the job, intimidate and fire workers who try to organize, and exploit workers' immigrant status in order to keep them quiet about abuses.
Field researches for the report examined beef packing in Nebraska, hog slaughtering in North Carolina, and poultry processing in Arkansas. The report looks closely at companies such as Tyson Foods Inc., Smithfield Foods Inc., and Nebraska Beef Ltd.
“Meatpacking is the most dangerous factory job in America,” said Lance Compa, the report's author and a labor rights researcher for Human Rights Watch. “Dangerous conditions are cheaper for companies—and the government does next to nothing.”
The 175-page report, “Blood, Sweat, and Fear: Workers' Rights in U.S. Meat and Poultry Plants,” shows how the increasing volume and speed of production coupled with close quarters, poor training and insufficient safeguards have made meat and poultry work so hazardous. On each work shift, workers make up to 30,000 hard-cutting motions with sharp knives, causing massive repetitive motion injuries and frequent lacerations. Workers often do not receive compensation for workplace injuries because companies fail to report injuries, delay and deny claims, and take reprisals against workers who file them.
“A century after Upton Sinclair wrote ‘The Jungle,' workers in the meatpacking industry still face serious injuries,” said Jamie Fellner, director of the U.S. Program at Human Rights Watch. “Public agencies try to protect consumers from tainted meat, but do little to protect workers from unsafe conditions.”
Human Rights Watch also documented aggressive and unlawful company efforts to derail workers' organizing efforts.
“When workers try to defend themselves by forming unions, employers use fear and intimidation to stop them,” Compa said. “U.S. law does little to protect workers who try to organize. Enforcement efforts drag on for years, and even decisions that favor workers are usually too little, too late.”
An example of unlawful tactics are those Smithfield Foods has taken in response to organizing efforts at its massive pork-processing plant in Tar Heel, North Carolina, where 5,000 workers slaughter, cut and package more than 25,000 hogs a day. In a 1997 union election, Smithfield's management fired union supporters, threatened plant closure, stationed police at plant gates to intimidate workers, and orchestrated an assault on union activists. On December 16, the National Labor Relations Board ordered a new election, which Smithfield immediately appealed.
In 2000, Smithfield created an internal company security force with “special police agency” status under North Carolina law that enables company security officers to exercise public police powers. In 2003, the company police used trumped-up charges to arrest workers who were active union supporters.
“The company has armed police walking around the plant to intimidate us,” a Smithfield worker who came to the United States from El Salvador told Human Rights Watch. “It's especially frightening for those of us from Central America. Where we come from, the police shoot trade unionists.”
Increasingly, the meatpacking industry's workforce is composed of immigrant workers. Human Rights Watch found that some employers threaten to call immigration authorities if workers seek to organize or make claims for labor law protection. Under a 2002 U.S. Supreme Court ruling, undocumented workers who are illegally fired for union organizing are not entitled to back pay for lost wages.
“The meatpacking companies hire immigrant workers because they are often the only ones who will work under such terrible conditions,” said Fellner. “And they exploit the illegal status of undocumented workers to keep them quiet.”
Human Rights Watch includes detailed recommendations in the report. In broad terms, the organization makes the following recommendations:
New federal and state laws should reduce line speed in meat and poultry plants and establish new ergonomics standards to reduce repetitive stress injuries. Health and safety authorities should apply stronger enforcement measures. States should develop stronger worker compensation laws and enforcement mechanisms.
Employers should not engage in aggressive, intimidating anti-organizing campaigns that take advantage of loopholes and weaknesses in the U.S. labor law system. Congress should enact legislation bringing U.S. labor law into compliance with international standards (e.g. to prohibit the permanent replacement of striking workers) and should also create stronger remedies for violations of workers' rights.
New laws and policies should ensure respect for the human rights of immigrant workers, whatever their legal status. Immigrants should have the same workplace protections as non-immigrants, including coverage under fair labor standards and other labor laws, and the same remedies when their rights are violated.
“Blood, Sweat, and Fear” follows Human Rights Watch's groundbreaking 2000 report, “Unfair Advantage,” also written by Lance Compa, which documented employer efforts to frustrate worker organizing across various sectors of the U.S. economy.
Quotes from workers:
“The line is so fast there is no time to sharpen the knife. The knife gets dull and you have to cut harder. That's when you cut yourself.”
—hog worker, North Carolina (p. 35)
“People can't take it, always harder, harder, harder! (mas duro, mas duro, mas duro!)”
—poultry worker, Arkansas (p. 36)
“I hung the live birds on the line. Grab, reach, lift, jerk. Without stopping for hours every day … after a time, you see what happens. Your arms stick out and your hands are frozen. Look at me now. I'm twenty-two years old, and I feel like an old man.”
—poultry worker, Arkansas (p. 36)
“There was no training. They told us, ‘Do what the person next to you is doing.'”
—beef worker, Nebraska (p. 109)
“They love you if you're healthy and work like a dog, but if you get hurt you are trash. … They will look for a way to get rid of you before they report it. They will find a reason to fire you, or put you on a worse job … or change your shift so you quit. So a lot of people don't report their injuries. They just work with the pain.”
—beef worker, Nebraska (p. 53)
“I just couldn't take the pain anymore. Three times I slipped and fell on the greasy floor. The first time I went to the clinic, and they told me I just hurt my pride and to go back to work. The last time I fell, the clinic sent me back to work again.” [A few days later, a hospital diagnosed this worker with herniated disc.]
—hog worker, North Carolina (p. 65)
“My supervisor said if we sign a union card the company will find out and fire us.”
—hog worker, North Carolina (p. 93)
“We went on strike because management fired the supervisors who backed us up. One manager threatened to call Immigration if we didn't go back right away.”
—hog worker, North Carolina (p. 97)
“They have us under threat all the time. They know most of us are undocumented—probably two-thirds. All they care about is getting bodies into the plant. My supervisor said they say they'll call the INS if we make trouble.”
—poultry worker, Arkansas (p. 111)
by Judith Curry
The global climate change debate has gone badly wrong. Many mainstream environmentalists are arguing for the wrong actions and for the wrong reasons, and so long as they continue to do so they put all our futures in jeopardy. – Thomas Wells
My recent post Why scientists should talk to philosophers elicited a comment on Twitter (that I can't find) that recommended Lawrence Torcello as a philosopher that I should be paying attention to. In case the name doesn't ring a bell, Torcello famously wrote an essay entitled Is misinformation about the climate criminally negligent? More traditional (less outrageous) thinking about climate ethics is typified by this Nature essay by Stephen Gardiner.My response to most writings on climate ethics that I've encountered has ranged from outrage to a yawn.
Today's cartoon sums up my problem with the traditional perspective on climate ethics:
With this context, I was very pleased to come across this essay by Thomas Wells at the blog Essays in Philosophy, Politics and Economics ,entitled Debating Climate Change: The Need for Economic Reasoning. Excerpts:
My diagnosis is a twofold ethical failure: of pragmatism and perspective (or, more eloquently, of ‘sense and sensibility'). Many environmentalists argue that climate change is fundamentally a values problem. And yet their interpretation of this has taken a narrow moralising form that systematically excludes consideration of such important ethical values as improving the lives of the 1 billion people presently living in unacceptable poverty or even protecting other aspects of the environment (such as wilderness areas). That narrowness also leads to self-defeating policy proposals founded almost entirely in the economy of nature rather than political economy. The result is a fixation on global CO2 levels alone as the problem and solution, at the cost of systematic and broad evaluation of the feasible policy space.
These foundational errors have induced a kind of millenarian meltdown in many otherwise sensible people, to the extent that to be an environmentalist these days is to fear the oncoming storm and know that all hope is lost. My recommended treatment, to reinvigorate their confidence as well as their ethics, is a dose of economic reasoning.
As well as incorporating the full range of our ethical concerns and values (sensibility) such a debate requires further facts about how our socio-economic institutions interact with the environmental mechanisms (sense). Relying on the natural scientific account alone leads us to fixate on the minutiae of greenhouse gas emissions levels and climate sensitivity, while drastically simplifying the human side.
One way of dealing with such difficult problems is to moralise them, and this seems to be the strategy currently favoured by mainstream environmentalists. Climate change is thus simplified and personalised as a simple ‘values' choice: Are you for the planet or against it?
On this model, one's carbon footprint is a moral crime (against the planet presumably) which one should feel guilty about and strive to reduce. As of course are other people's carbon emissions: they deserve to be shamed or otherwise forced into submission by the righteous ones. Forging such a moral identity may strengthen solidarity within the environmentalist movement, but it certainly doesn't build the necessary bridges for successful political action.
The moralisation approach undermines itself since it frames climate change narrowly in terms of righteousness. Inevitably deliberation about action gets bogged down in an interminable blame-game about what justice requires – who had their industrial revolution first, etc. Furthermore, the moral duties of different actors do not all point the same way: poor country governments have a clear and over-riding moral duty to help their citizens achieve the quality of life and prosperity which the West takes for granted, and which is inevitably energy (i.e. carbon) intensive. And then there is the practical economics: the world still has lots of coal, a lot of it in poor countries like India, that can produce electricity very cheaply. Not even the strongest moral rhetoric can make renewables competitive without radical technological (i.e. price) breakthroughs.
The moralisation approach contrasts with a fuller ethical thinking in which values are considered and debated explicitly and openly. Righteousness simplifies but it doesn't try to understand. No-one emits carbon deliberately ‘for fun', but rather we engage in activities which are more or less valuable to us – such as flying across the Atlantic to visit grandparents – which happen to emit carbon as a byproduct. To ignore the value of these human activities and see them instead as moral crimes is to do a violence to the very humanness of the lives (including those of future generations) that we are supposed to be so concerned about preserving. We need a broader ethical debate about what the consequences of climate change will be for what we humans have reason to value so that we can take really credible actions to protect them.
This is an essentially pragmatic approach – breaking the ‘end of the world' into human-sized and human-relevant problems and solutions and ordering them by their importance, feasibility and (opportunity) costs. For example low-lying places such as Bangladesh or the Maldives are at particular risk from rising sea-levels, but piecemeal interventions like building sea walls are not only cheaper but much more likely to protect them than global carbon austerity.
The pragmatic approach does not depend on reaching an impossible global agreement on a perfect solution requiring moral or political coercion. Instead it offers feasible paths through the moral storm while respecting the existing interests and values of the human beings concerned. It is more democratic than the moralising approach because it works within our existing political institutions (no need for a ‘global government') and offers transparent arguments for action within our present valuational framework (rather than requiring us all to assume a new and narrow set of values). It is also fairer. While the moralists' fixation on minimising further CO2 emissions places excessive burdens on the world's poorest, the pragmatic approach naturally pushes the greatest obligations and costs onto those (rich countries) most able to act.
At present too many environmentalists are guilty of the same moral and cognitive melt-down in the face of its complexities that they accuse their detractors of. They are wrong to see the development of human freedoms and well-being (prosperity) as a distraction or even a threat to the world. They are wrong to fixate on an abstract and impossible problem (450 CO2 ppm) and seek a perfect solution without reference to wider ethical issues, and political and practical feasibility. They are wrong to give up on the potential of democratic politics and human ingenuity and settle for Malthusian doom mongering and moralising.
JC reflections
I think that pondering the ethical issues surrounding climate change and proposed policies is important. However, I have found the narrow moralizing of Torcello, et al. to be not very useful in the context of the policy debate on climate change. Wells' pragmatic approach to climate ethics makes a lot of sense to me, and it ties in well with adaptive governance and robust decision making.
The IPCC AR5 WG3 report introduced an element of ethics, as is summarized in this article in the E&E. Excerpt:
“We are trying to look at the social, economic and ethical conceptions of [things like] what is ‘dangerous'? ” said Kevin Urama, executive director of the Africa Technology Policy Studies Network in Kenya and a co-lead coordinating author of the ethics chapter.
“The ethics deals a lot with justice, fairness, distributional weights. Basically, it sets a pace for better understanding for policymakers,” Urama said.
“Really, what we're dealing with climate change or historic responsibility is ‘What do we think is the ethical way to view someone who did something harmful, but before anyone realized it was harmful?'” said Charles Kolstad, a Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research economist and co-lead coordinating author of the chapter.
The ethical framing being used by the IPCC seems tied to the blame game associated with the Warsaw Loss and Damage Mechanism, and distracts from the real problems facing the developing world.
Clearly the issues of ethics surrounding climate change and proposed policy responses have many dimensions. Avoiding oversimplifications simplistic moralisation seems a good framework for rethinking how we approach the ethics of the wicked climate problem.
In 28 games last month, Prado led the National League and ranked third among all Major Leaguers with 30 RBI. Their 43 hits were also tops in the N.L. and second in the Majors. The Venezuelan born slugger also ranked among League leaders in multiple other offensive categories. Their 65 total bases were the second-highest tally in the N.L., while their .375 (43-for-115) batting average was the League's fourth-best mark. Prado scored 19 runs on the month, tying for fifth in the N.L. while their .565 slugging percentage and .425 on-base percentage both ranked ninth.
On August 7th, Prado matched a career high with four hits while collecting a season-high four RBIs in Arizona's win over the Tampa Bay Rays at Chase Field. Prado's clutch hitting factored heavily in the win. The first-year D-back, acquired from Atlanta prior to the 2013 season, clubbed a two-run homer in the third inning that tied the game at 3-3. Their two-run double in the bottom of the eighth inning off Rays closer Fernando Rodney gave the D-backs a 9-8 victory. Prado notched their second four-hit effort of the month at Pittsburgh on August 17th in a 15-5 rout of the Pirates. The 29-year-old went 4-for-5 with a walk, clubbing their 11th homer of the season and collecting three RBI.
Prado continued their trend of multi-hit, multi-RBI performances, going 3-for-9 with three RBIs on August 24th at Philadelphia in an 18-inning affair that ended in a 12-7 Diamondbacks victory. It was one of four consecutive multi-RBI games for Prado from August 23rd-27th, tying a career best streak (five times). With 30 RBI last month, Prado raised their season total to 71 (now 72), eclipsing their previous career high of 70 RBI set last season. Their 30 RBI were a club record in August and were the most by a D-back in a calendar month since Luis Gonzalez had 35 in June 2001. This is Prado's first career monthly award.
Other players receiving votes included
Washington's Jayson Werth (.380, 20 R, 35 H, 6 HR, 21 RBI, .620 SLG, .468 OBP);
Pittsburgh's Andrew McCutchen (.384, 15 R, 38 H, 2 HR, 15 RBI, .535 SLG, .483 OBP, 6 SB);
San Diego's Will Venable (.367, 20 R, 40 H, 8 HR, 15 RBI, .697 SLG, .395 OBP, 6 SB);
Chicago's Donnie Murphy (.282, 15 R, 24 H, 8 HR, 15 RBI, .635 SLG);
St. Louis's Carlos Beltran (.366, 37 H, 4 HR, 15 RBI, .594 SLG)
San Francisco's Brandon Belt (.350, 35 H, 5 HR, 13 RBI, .630 SLG, .421 OBP).
 They are the first Diamondback position player to win the award since Kelly Johnson in April 2010 - Patrick Corbin won Player of the Month in May this season. Here's the full list of Arizona players to have won either award, or Rookie of the Month:
Yes, you're right. There was a seven-year span without a Diamondback being recognized, even though the team won a pair of division titles in that period (2002 + 2007).
I'm coming from a S6 Edge. I wanted a bigger screen and the 7 was just too similar to what I had. Then the Note 7 was gone. Started hearing good things about the V20 so I watched and read over 30 previews and reviews. So after liking what I read I picked it up release day. I will be the first to say it is very hard to come from Samsung to a new brand. My last 3 phones were Galaxy's. I knew I had 14 days to try this phone out before I could return it. Well that wont be happening as this phone is terrific. It seems all the little things I liked on my Galaxy are here for the most part. The screen is way better than I thought it would be and is outstanding in the sun. I held it up in the sun today with the S6 next to it and the V20 blows it away. I never thought I would see a cell phone in the sun but now I can. I'm a music nut. Metal mostly. Prog Metal, Death Metal and what not. If music is your thing then this is your phone as it has a high end DAC chip inside making music sound incredible !! It even comes with high-end Bang & Olfson H3 ear buds worth $179. I didn't like the LG launcher but I also don't like Samsung's either. I use Next Launcher on all my Android phones.Best $15 you'll ever spend as you can download the launcher to as many devices you own with just the one purchase. LG also lets you use NFC to transfer everything you want from the Galaxy. It also has a second screen. A sliver at the top of the screen that's always on even when the phone is in it's sleep mode. It shows your notifications such as emails and texts. Plus other quick pick apps like WiFi and flashlight. You can personalize the phone too with your signature at the top. You type in your name and it puts it at the top of the screen in script form. The camera is also great with it's laser focus and the awesome wide angle lens. I have to mention the battery. It lasts me almost 2 days. I have never had a battery last me this long before. It uses USB 3 and it charges super fast. It doesn't have wireless charging. But I never used mine on my Galaxy's because I use cases with magnetic plates for my magnetic window mounts in my car and those interfere with the wireless charging. I'm a power user as I use the phone for work. I deliver payroll and I use an app for that for every delivery and it tracks my deliveries with GPS too. And this phone is up for the all day tasks no problem. For any feature I missed I found an app for. With the power button on the back I found it hard to switch off the screen while the phone was on the windshield mount so I downloaded a screen off button in the app store. Now I just touch the little button on the screen and it shuts off the screen instantly. And I wanted certain stuff to wake up the phone on the lock screen and got an app for that too. So there you go, my two cents worth of a review. After reading this watch a few YouTube vids and hold the phone yourself. I'm sure you can judge it with your own eyes. I'm glad I took the chance on it. You will too
Read more
Wyoming has become the latest death penalty state to consider a return to the firing squad, while Tennessee's governor has signed a bill to bring back the electric chair, amid a scarcity of lethal injection drugs and legal battles over the secrecy that surrounds their purchase and use by jurisdictions that impose capital punishment.
Legislators in Wyoming have begun to draft a bill they plan to introduce at the state's next legislative session that would reintroduce executions at the point of a gun. The move was prompted, elected members said, by the drought in lethal injection drugs caused by a pharmaceutical suppliers' boycott of US death chambers.
On Thursday night the Tennessee governor, Bill Haslam, approved the reintroduction of the electric chair in cases where drugs for lethal injection could not be acquired.
The turning back of the clock on execution methods adds to a mounting sense of crisis across the US in the practice of the death penalty, which is arguably more profound that at any time since a federal moratorium was imposed by the supreme court in Furman V Georgia in 1972. Utah is also considering reviving the firing squad, which it abolished for all death sentences handed down since 2004, and states including Missouri have debated the return of the gas chamber.
On Wednesday night a 24-hour legal drama was brought to an end in Missouri by the US supreme court when it ordered an indefinite stay of execution for Russell Bucklew who had been set to be put to death by lethal injection. The nine justices sent the case back down to the 8th circuit appeals court and though they did not specify what should happen, they made their preferences known when they said that they left it for the lower courts to consider “whether an evidentiary hearing is necessary”.
Bucklew's lawyers will now be pressing for a full hearing in a federal district court of their argument that the prisoner is at risk of suffering an inhumane execution as a consequence of the secrecy with which the state has shrouded the supply of its lethal drugs, combined with their own unique medical condition. Bucklew has a rare congenital illness that causes malformation of the veins in their face, neck and head which medical experts have warned could cause the lethal injection process to go disastrously wrong.
Cheryl Pilate, Bucklew's attorney, told the Guardian that they would push for a detailed evidentiary hearing that would allow them to call medical experts able to talk authoritatively about Bucklew's particular issues. They would also address the question of secrecy in lethal injection drugs, specifically Missouri's imposition of new rules that keep the source of its chemicals hidden.
“The secrecy that surrounds these drugs creates immense risks. Those risks are heightened in a very particular way with my client's medical condition, but they exist anyway for all prisoners,” they said.
They added that in their view the state's determination to execute Bucklew had been reckless. “There needs to be more transparency. There is no function of government more grave than the death penalty and yet the whole process is shrouded in secrecy.”
The state of Missouri has been served with a legal challenge by the Guardian, Associated Press and the three largest local papers that argues its refusal to disclose how it is obtaining supplies of lethal drugs is a violation of the public's first amendment right to know how government is acting in its name. The case is pending in a Missouri circuit court.
Wyoming's consideration of the firing squad is a product of its own struggle to obtain lethal injection drugs in the wake of the European-led pharmaceutical boycott. The state currently has no supplies available that could be used in an execution.
Utah is the only state to have practiced death by firing squad in the modern era, most recently in 2010. The method has to be requested by the condemned prisoner, as it was most famously in 1977 by Gary Gilmore.
Tennessee's decision, meanwhile, made it the first state to reintroduce the electric chair without giving prisoners another option, said Richard Dieter, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center in Washington.
"There are states that allow inmates to choose but it is a very different matter for a state to impose a method like electrocution," they said. "No other state has gone so far."
Dieter told the Associated Press they expected legal challenges to arise if the state decided to go through with an electrocution, both on the grounds of whether the state could prove that lethal injection drugs were not obtainable and constitutional protections against cruel and unusual punishment.
Republican state Senator Ken Yager, a main sponsor of the electric chair measure, said in a recent interview that they introduced the bill because of "a real concern that we could find ourselves in a position that if the chemicals were unavailable to us that we would not be able to carry out the sentence".
Deborah Denno, a Fordham University specialist in execution methods, said that the surge of interest in alternative processes such as the firing squad was partly a result of mounting unease about the lethal injection in the US. Last month the botched execution of Clayton Lockett in Oklahoma, in which they took 43 minutes to die and writhed and groaned on the gurney, caused a wave of nationwide revulsion.
“There have been botches after botches using lethal injections – and those are only the ones we know about. Death penalty states have created the facade that there is something medical going on in the death chamber, that they are putting people to sleep when in fact prisoners are paralysed and could be tortured.”
Denno has studied the history of the firing squad in the US, and found that in most of the cases in which it was used it was relatively quick and effective. In 1938, a “human experimentation” was carried out on a 42-year-old inmate who was executed by firing squad, with their heart monitored using electrocardiograph tracing. The results showed that their heart was electrically “silent” within a matter of 20 seconds.
Gilmore quivered when they were shot in the heart with four bullets, and pronounced dead after two minutes.
The only known case of a botched execution by firing squad, in 1951 in Utah, appears to have been an act of vengeance on the part of five trained marksmen pulling the trigger. They targeted the wrong side of the prisoner's chest, apparently intentionally, and they bled to death.
Since making their first Everton start just 46 days ago, Nikica Jelavic has wasted little time proving themselves to be not only an astute buy, but arguably one of the signings of the season. With six Premier League goals, and another two struck in the FA Cup, the Croatian has finally given the Toffees that craved cutting edge in the final third of the field, a facet emphatically absent from so many of their displays during the past few seasons.
Initially hampered by a groin injury at the time of their transfer, February saw Jelavic limited a couple of late cameo appearances as a substitute. They were unable to partake in full training and question marks even rose in some quarters about a possibly rushed and potentially botched medical. However, since finally making that first start against Tottenham in March, and scoring, they have become an instant revelation on Merseyside.
In truth, it is not only Everton, but the entire Premier League who are now recognising their seamless transition into the English domestic game – especially after their weekend brace at Old Trafford. Since their first goal for the club, on the 10th of March, only Wayne Rooney and Papiss Cisse have found the net more in that time.
Everton's issues at the start of this season mirrored the struggles they have experienced in several other recent campaigns. They would often control matches, and create the majority of chances, yet never have the ruthless attackers capable of making their dominance count.
For example, the 22 chances crafted against Norwich in December, and the 17 made against Aston Villa in September are the most creative Everton have been all season, yet criminally neither result ended with three points. Just three of those 39 chances made in those two games were goals – and one was a penalty – numbers that drastically highlight the toothless threat the Toffees deployed.
With Jelavic spearheading the attack, Everton look a far more dangerous and complete unit. Fans and team-mates alike finally feel confident that – should Everton manage to dictate a game – they are now infinitely more likely to finish off their opponents thanks to their new signing. Even if they do not dominate, their predatory instincts leave the Toffees far more competitive, as Sunday demonstrated.
For a number of seasons, Everton's ambitions have been largely checked by their lack of firepower. For sides with a limited budget, finding that affordable player capable of regularly finding the net can be the most challenging task for a manager. Not since Yakubu's inaugural campaign has David Moyes been able to field a team that has appeared confident in their frontman, a time when the Nigerian's form mirrored what they are currently producing at Blackburn this season.
Last season Yakubu, Jermaine Beckford and Louis Saha were tasked with finding David Moyes' side goals, and to get an idea of just how augmented Everton's attack is with Jelavic now on board, here is their current return pitted against last season's trusted trio.
Jelavic considerably trumps all three. Despite playing over double the amount of game time, Beckford and Saha narrowly eclipse the Croatians's goal tally, but that is about it. They are far less accurate and clinical. Yakubu's transformation at Blackburn is even harder to fathom considering what they produced last season.
Back to the present, and after six starts, and nine games in all, remarkably Jelavic is already the team's leading scorer. This is a testament to their fine acclimatisation to the Premier League, but also a portrayal of just how inept Everton had been up front. As they arrived, the club were struggling to even maintain a one-goal-per-game ratio. Indeed, by the start of February, only Stoke and Wigan had scored less in the division. Enter Jelavic and, in terms of goals scored in the league, Everton are now sitting far more comfortably in 10th, surely only likely to rise further.
More on page 2….
Next Page: Jelavic compared against all those that have played as striker for Everton in 2011/12 (click bottom right/top right)
This next chart investigates Jelavic's numbers against all those who have occupied a striking berth at some point this season. Victor Anichebe and Tim Cahill are included, but it must be remembered that large chunks of their season have been spent roaming different areas of the pitch.
In terms of out-and-out strikers, Jelavic has so far been in a different class to Louis Saha and Denis Straqualursi during their brief career at Everton. Their conversion rate of 30% will surely dip, but even so, it trounces the lowly 3% and 6% figures mustered by Everton's two alternative front-men this season. Tim Cahill's under-par goals return is also reflected by some poor numbers, although as usual the Australian has played in many differing roles for the team.
A curious by-product here is how perennial substitutes, Victor Anichebe and Apostolos Vellios, seem to have been severely underused. Vellios has been absent for the entire second half of the season and, despite Anichebe recording their best scoring season in the Premier League, Moyes has been reluctant to start the fiery Nigerian. When they have featured it has often been from a wide area.
It may well be that the manager feels they need further time to hone their overall games. At just 20, that is quite understandable for Vellios, although Anichebe may well feel slightly aggrieved at not being thrust into the fray a little more frequently. The fact they have one of the poorest passing rates at the club (63%) could also factor into it, although an inquest into their omission is a topic for another article.
Jelavic's all-round contribution to Everton has been both timely and significant. Off the field their signing galvanised the club, pouring confidence and momentum into the dressing room whilst bringing excitement to the stands. On the pitch, apart from obviously bringing goals, their presence has added a new dimension to Everton's play.  They are not only a natural finisher, but they are instinctive in front of goal. There has been a statistic bandied about Twitter for the last few days claiming 41 of their past 44 goals have been scored with a first-time shot, and all of their past 27 have been with a first touch.
A staggering return, although perhaps not as startling to those who have monitored their game whilst at Everton. Certainly all of their finishes for the Toffees have been prompt, instantaneous strikes, and each indeed hit off a lethal first time shot. Above all else, it seems their priority in the box is to unleash a shot as quickly as possible.
This impulsive shooting leaves goalkeepers taken by surprise at how quickly a shot is coming towards them, perhaps expecting Jelavic to steady themselves with an extra touch. Something Louis Saha was prone to doing towards the end of their time at Everton was either hash wildly at an opening first time, or take far too many touches to set up the perfect shot. So far Jelavic has generally been clinical and composed.
That characteristic is perhaps reflected by the fact that only three of Jelavic's 23 shots have been blocked this season, around 8% of their strikes. Defenders have not had time to act. This season Saha had 34% of their shots blocked when playing for Everton, and last season an equally suppressing 30%. Those numbers are not necessarily meant to taint Saha's effort, but instead promote Jelavic's swift natural finishing. As a team, the Toffees have had 27% of shots their shots blocked, so Saha's return is not too dire. It seems that opponents have been caught out by Jelavic's abruptness in front of goal. The quicker you hit an effort, the less time a defence and goalkeeper has to react and ready themselves.
Signed for just over £5 million, in terms of value in today's inflated market Jelavic seems to be a genuine coup, and a steal at that price. Moyes had to be bold, throwing what little funds they had at Jelavic, but the early signs suggest this could massively pay off for the Toffees.
True, it is not even two months since they regained full fitness, and time will suggest if their game has the longevity for the Premier League, but the early signs show the Croatian international to be a huge upgrade from what has been on offer at Everton for the past few seasons. With six goals already this term, how many could they grab in a full season? In the Premier League era, 16 is the record haul of an Everton frontman, achieved by both Andrei Kanchelskis (1995/96) and Tony Cottee (1993/94). Certainly defences will have the summer to decipher how they can better stifle their game, but do not be surprised if these tallies come under direct threat next season from Everton's newest striker.
An imam has been jailed for six and a half years after telling children that martyrdom was better than school, in a series of sermons encouraging their congregation to join Islamic State.
Kamran Sabir Hussain, 40, from Stoke-on-Trent, delivered their lecturers from a lectern in front of a black IS flag, to a congregation that included children as young as three.
The content of the speeches was recorded by an undercover officer, who was sent into the mosque to document the imam's sermons, in the first such case to come before the courts.
Hussain stirred up their congregation by telling them that the right-wing English Defence League and Britain First were funded by the Government to attack Muslims.
"The kuffar (unbeliever) will attack you and kill you," they told them.
"Stand up and be ready to sacrifice, be ready to stand in the face of the elements of Shaytan (Satan), be ready to spill blood and have your blood spilt."
Hussain ran the Faizal Ellahi mosque, which was registered as a charity, behind a former shop front on the High Street in Tunstall, Stoke-on-Trent.
They lived in a flat close to the mosque, where police found an upstairs fitness room with an "inspirational" poster on the wall showing an assault rifle and a hunting knife.
Hussain took over the mosque when the previous imam retired, delivering the Friday sermon and offering advice to married couples and families.
Image: A picture illustration of an Islamic State flag
The undercover officer used the name "Qassim" and began attending the mosque in June 2016, recording sermons given by Hussain over a period of four months.
In March 2016, the imam posted a message on social media in which they said that the "Khilafah" - a reference to IS - was "knocking on your door and the fulfilment of Allah's command is near and if you don't like it and are enraged by it, then our message to you is simple: 'Die in your rage.'"
On 24 June, nine days after the start of Ramadan, Hussain delivered a 23-minute sermon in front of around 10 people, in which they spoke of a "small fledgling state who is standing in the face of a pompous and arrogant army" - said to be a reference to IS - and asked their audience to pray for them to be victorious and for their oppressors to be annihilated.
In a 30-minute sermon on 22 July, Hussain asked their congregation to pray that they might all live under sharia law and to stand firm against sinners, adding: "Finish them and remove their heads for what they do, when you don't fulfil the command of Allah, I'm coming to remove your head."
They took the "mujahideen" (holy warriors) as their topic on 5 August, telling the congregation that they "take over a land, they stand a black flag, and establish the law of Allah over the necks of the people, whether they like it or don't like it," and "nobody, not the Queen, not the Prime Minister, can say that you are not allowed to establish the law of Allah."
In front of a congregation of 10 to 15 children under the age of 15, and about 25 adults, Hussain told them on 19 August last year that the British government funded groups like the EDL and Britain First to insult Muslims, attack them and put them down.
On 2 September last year, Hussain told nine children - two of them under five - and 35 adults that martyrdom was the "supreme success" and greater than any other success such as school or college.
Image: Hussain was sentenced following a trial at the Old Bailey in central London
They said: "They tell you in your schools, they tell you in your colleges, in your work places, you need to have ambition, you need to progress, you need to move forward.
"If indeed you are adventurous, you are ambitious, you're ready to take on the challenge, then Allah gives you the actions you need to take - the ones who died fighting for the sake of Allah.
"Allah's saying they are the ones who have supreme success, those who fought in the cause of Allah."
Those who died fighting for Allah had nothing to fear when "you go in front of Allah with the bullet wounds and the sword wounds and you are raised in that situation with the blood still coming from your body."
Hussain finished the sermon with a prayer that the "thorn placed by the martyrs in the neck of the unbelievers may be deepened."
Hussain was found guilty after an earlier trial of two charges of encouraging support for IS and six charges of encouraging others to commit acts of terrorism.
When they were arrested on 14 February this year, they refused to answer questions but gave police a written statement saying the ability to discuss "difficult concepts in a challenging world" was an essential part of the exercise of religion and freedom of speech.
In court they claimed they were only trying to "emulate the Prophet" with their "urgent" delivery and was surprised to hear the tone of their sermons.
Detective Chief Superintendent Matt Ward of West Midlands Counterterrorism Unit said: "Hussain was espousing hatred and violence as well as clearly demonstrating their support for Daesh through the content in their sermons.
"During this investigation we used covert methods to record these sermons and present it as evidence during the trial.
"We will continue to use every lawful technique and power available to us to tackle terrorism."
Mari Reid, from the Crown Prosecution Service,said: "Kamran Hussain was in a position of trust and authority which they abused by encouraging support for Daesh and glorifying violent extremism.
"His audience included children who would have heard them say killing others or being killed themselves was more desirable than doing well in school."
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 14/5/2015 (1384 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
The Manitoba Progressive Conservatives have asked the provincial auditor to investigate the construction of Investors Group Field.
On May 5, ‎Opposition Leader Brian Pallister formally asked acting auditor general Norm Ricard to conduct a value-for-money audit of the 33,500-seat stadium, which was completed at the University of Manitoba's Fort Garry campus in 2013.
The stadium's budget rose from ‎an initial estimate of $115 million to $209 million. It suffered from construction and design deficiencies that included improper drainage, cracking concrete, uninsulated pipes, improper fireproofing and initially, a press box left open to the elements. All of the concrete concourses will be torn out and replaced over the next year.
Pallister said in their letter Manitobans deserve to know whether public ‎funds were squandered, given that the province is the primary funder of the project.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: “Blue Shadows in the Street,” the Dave Brubeck Quartet. The jazz legend Dave Brubeck died December 5th, a day short of their 92nd birthday. Their signature sound, with its unique rhythmic structure, was inspired by a U.S. State Department goodwill trip to the Middle East and India that Brubeck made during the height of the Cold War. That trip led to the release of Time Out, with their hits “Take Five” and “Blue Rondo à la Turk.” It went on to become one of the best-selling jazz albums in history. There was a private memorial service that their family held yesterday.
This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I'm Amy Goodman, with Juan González. Our guest is Matt Taibbi, contributing editor for Rolling Stone magazine. We've talked about HSBC. Juan, Libor.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Yeah, I wanted to ask you about the Libor crisis, which has to be an even bigger scandal in terms of the reality that you're talking about a rigging of a major portion of the world's credit system. And again HSBC is involved. Three of its—three of its bankers were arrested in the past few days in relationship to the ongoing investigation.
MATT TAIBBI: Yeah, I think the bankers who were arrested, actually one of them was a UBS banker. There was another who was a broker for a London brokerage. But again, already, the Royal Bank of Scotland has been a cooperating bank. UBS, the Swiss bank, has already—has some cooperators. And Barclays obviously has also been implicated in this scandal. Those are three of the 16 members of the Libor panel. There are 16 banks that convene every day, and they essentially set prices for interest rates around the world, which are based upon Libor, which is the rate at which banks borrow from each other.
And, you know, it turns out, through this investigation, that banks have been monkeying with these rates, some people say dating back to the early '90s, for a variety of reasons. One reason that is given is that during the crisis in 2008, regulators wanted the system to look healthier than it was, so they artificially allowed it to inflate. But it also appears that they were messing with the rates in order to personally make profits on their investments, which is incredible, because Libor affects about $800 trillion worth of financial products worldwide, so fixing the prices of Libor is an enormous thing.
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to ask you about “Jim DeMint: The Fireman Ed of Politics,” you write.
MATT TAIBBI: Right.
AMY GOODMAN: You say their departure is more interesting to you than the so-called fiscal cliff fight in Washington.
MATT TAIBBI: Yeah, I just think that this is the schism that we're now seeing within the Republican Party between, you know, the purists, who don't want to be involved in the negotiations and don't want to be part of any compromise that might involve a tax hike—you know, Jim DeMint's decision to sort of pickup their ball and go home and leave the system, I think, is highly symbolic. You know, having covered the presidential race this year and seen the mood out there among conservatives, there's a strong sentiment, especially after Barack Obama won, that playing by the rules and supporting the Republican Party's sort of more moderate candidate is a failed strategy. And I think DeMint's resignation, to me, is highly symbolic of what's the thinking is among a lot of conservatives across this country, which is that we just can't be involved anymore in the mainstream political system. And it's interesting.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Well, except he's not exactly going home. He's going to become—
MATT TAIBBI: Oh, he's going—he's going to go—
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: —president of the Heritage Foundation, and a multimillion-dollar salary, right?
MATT TAIBBI: Absolutely, yes. No, it's—in reality, it's one mainstream move—step to the other. But, you know, it is a symbolic move for the people—for tea partiers and people who follow this movement. They're going to perceive this as, you know, “I can't play the dirty game anymore. I'm going to fight from the outside, and we're all going to be outsiders now, as opposed to being inside the system.” And that, to me, is really interesting.
AMY GOODMAN: This is what Senator Jim DeMint said when they announced their resignation.
SEN. JIM DEMINT: I have played a role in stocking the Senate with solid conservatives who are younger and brighter and better spokespersons than I am. And so, I know I'm leaving the Senate better than I found it, with some real leaders. But this is an opportunity to do more to get the American people behind them. If we don't do that, it's going to be hard to keep people here in Washington who are promoting the right ideas.
AMY GOODMAN: Senator DeMint resigning. Finally, Matt Taibbi, what it means also for what is the—what's happening with the Republican Party right now in Washington? And with the fiscal cliff negotiations, also everything with HSBC, if you see a difference in the way the Democrats are dealing with the large financial institutions than the Republicans?
MATT TAIBBI: Oh, I don't see an enormous difference. You know, the way it was always put to me in Washington by one Senate aide was, you know, if Wall Street gets 100 percent of what it wants from the Republicans, it gets 96 from the Democrats. You know, I don't think there's an enormous, substantial difference between the two parties. But I think this move has—you know, the DeMint resignation has big implications for the Republican Party. It shows that there is a divide between their base and the party structure itself. And it's going to take a long time for them to repair that. They have to figure out a way to encompass everybody that's in the party and get them all fired up at the same time, and they haven't had any success in doing that.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, I want to thank you very much for being with us, Matt Taibbi, contributing editor for Rolling Stone magazine, author of the book, Griftopia: A Story of Bankers, Politicians, and the Most Audacious Power Grab in American History.
The Fox News Channel, which has been seeking a new format for the 5 p.m. hour, will place a rotating series of personalities in the time slot beginning next week, including the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham.
Ms. Ingraham, one of the country's most popular radio hosts, frequently fills in for Bill O'Reilly, and Fox executives appear to be grooming them as a new talent for the network. Other people will also receive trial runs in the time slot.
Fox News Channel is expected to announce the changes later Tuesday. In February the cable network replaced John Gibson, the longtime host of the 5 p.m. hour, with Bill Hemmer and Megyn Kelly, two younger anchors who also host a morning show. Mr. Hemmer and Ms. Kelly's afternoon show, "America's Election HQ," covered the primary season. But now, with the party nominees known and two months until the political conventions, there may not be quite as much election news to cover.
Via Hungary Journal
Zsolt Semjen, leader of the co-ruling Christian Democratic party, highlighted “responsibility for Europe's future” in their address to the board of their party in a meeting held on Saturday.
Semjen warned that “Christian civilisation is jeopardised by the dual vice of Brussels” and insisted that Christian values are “being deliberately destroyed by anti-clerical, anti-family and anti-nationalist attitudes”. Referring to “Jacobin, communist, liberal and 1968 ideologies”, Semjen said they were rooted in free masonry and condemned “the relativisation of Christianity”.
Semjen said a “demographic vacuum” was caused by a“deliberate destruction of the family”, by “questioning motherhood or marriage between man and woman”. As for anti-nationalism, they said that “Islam, which despises Europe, transgresses (the continent) like a knife through butter”.
As for “the other vice of Brussels”, Semjen blamed EU leaders for “facilitating migration” and insisted that “human smugglers organised (illegal) migration in cooperation with NGOs, while German Chancellor Angela Merkel extended an unlimited invitation to migrants without asking their own fellow citizens or other member states.”
House Speaker Laszlo Kover said in their address that the upcoming general election could “also decide Europe's fate”. They insisted that Hungary's position in Europe is “stronger than the size of its population or the output of its economy”,therefore it is a crucial country for the EU to preserve “its Christian character”. That is why, they said, “Hungary is being attacked” by “certain institutions and bureaucrats” of the EU, most of whom are “in the pockets of George Soros”.
Kover suggested that Hungary's new constitution created a bone of contention, and insisted that “for some it is scandalous to refer to national history, traditions and a national identity, to Christian roots or to stipulate that marriage is made for life between a man and woman”.
SALT LAKE CITY (May 6, 2016) – The Utah Jazz announced today a long-term contract extension for third-year head coach Quin Snyder. Per team policy, financial terms were not released.
“With this contract extension, we are declaring our confidence in Coach Snyder's ability to continue to develop the Utah Jazz into a championship team,” said Gail Miller, owner of the Larry H. Miller Group of Companies. “The Miller family recognizes the significant progress made under their leadership and we are excited about the direction we are headed.”
“Our relationship with Quin, and this extension, reflect our shared passion for building a championship team,” said Steve Starks, president of the Utah Jazz. “With long-term contracts now in place for Quin, Dennis and other key front office personnel, we are well-positioned for the future.”
“We have continued to take significant steps as a team under Quin's direction,” said Jazz General Manager Dennis Lindsey. “His work ethic, basketball intelligence and ability to connect with and develop our players make them the ideal head coach of the Jazz.”
Snyder, who will enter their third season at the helm in 2016-17, became the eighth head coach in Jazz history, and only the fifth since the franchise moved to Utah in 1979, when they were hired on June 6, 2014. Under Snyder's tutelage, the Jazz have become one of the elite defenses in the league, allowing the second-fewest points in the league over their first two seasons (95.4/game) and holding opponents to 90 points or fewer a league-high 57 times. The Jazz have also improved their win total by 15 games over the team's record the year prior to their arrival despite being the league's youngest and least experienced team.
“I am very grateful for this gesture by the Miller family and the Utah Jazz and appreciative of their belief in me to continue to lead this team,” Snyder said. “Amy and I are fortunate to be a part of a franchise and family that cares deeply for our community, stays true to its values and is committed to winning. More than anything, it is confirmation of our collective commitment to building a championship team.”
There was an interesting piece of JavaScript performance analysis done recently, by the PBWiki team. They wanted to understand a few things about how quickly JavaScript libraries loaded (obviously, their loading speed grossly effecting the total loading speed of a page). They set up a system to gather input from random browsers, aggregating the results into a final breakdown. There's a lot that application, and browser, developers can learn from the results – the total information available is actually quite profound:
JavaScript Packaging Techniques
When distributing a piece of JavaScript code it's traditional to think that the smallest (byte-size) code will download and load the fastest. This is not true – and is a fascinating result of this survey. Looking at the speed of loading jQuery in three forms: normal, minified (using Yahoo Min), and packed (using Packer). By order of file size, packed is the smallest, then minifed, then normal. However, the packed version has an overhead: It must be uncompressed, on the client-side, using a JavaScript decompression algorithm. This unpacking has a tangible cost in load time. This means, in the end, that using a minifed version of the code is much faster than the packed one – even though its file size is quite larger.
Packaging Comparison (loading jquery, all variants)
Minified Time Avg Samples minified 519.7214 12611 packed 591.6636 12606 normal 645.4818 12589
Next time you pick a compression technique, remember this formula:
Total_Speed = Time_to_Download + Time_to_Evaluate
JavaScript Library Performance
The next nugget of information, that we can unearth, is the total performance of JavaScript libraries, when loading within a page (this includes their transfer time and their evaluation time). Thus, a library that is both smaller and simpler will load faster. Looking at the results you can see a, comparatively, large lead for jQuery (200-400ms – a perceptible difference in speed).
Average Time to Load Toolkit (non cached, gzipped, minified)
Toolkit Time Avg Samples jquery-1.2.1 732.1935 3152 dojo-1.0.1 911.3255 3143 prototype-1.6.0 923.7074 3144 yahoo-utilities-2.4.0 927.4604 3141 protoculous-1.0.2 1136.5497 3136
Now, some might argue that testing the speed of un-cached pages would be unfair, however according to Yahoo's research on caching, approximately 50% of users will never have the opportunity to have the page contents be cached. Thus, making sure that you page loads quickly both on initial load, and subsequent loads, should be of the utmost importance.
Average Time to Load Toolkit (cached, gzipped, minified)
Toolkit Time Avg Samples yahoo-utilities-2.4.0 122.7867 3042 jquery-1.2.1 131.1841 3161 prototype-1.6.0 142.7332 3040 dojo-1.0.1 171.2600 3161 protoculous-1.0.2 276.1929 3157
Once you examine cached speeds the difference becomes much less noticeable (10-30ms difference – with the exception of Prototype/Scriptaculous). Since these results are completely cached we can gauge, roughly, the overhead that's provided by file transfer, in comparison to evaluation speed).
If nothing else, I think this type of analysis warrants further examination. Using user-generated input, against live datasets, to create real-world performance metrics is quite lucrative to everyone involved – to users, framework developers, and browser vendors.
» More information on the web browser performance shown below.
Web Browser Performance
Finally, this test gives us the opportunity to examine the load speed of some real-world code – specifically, the performance of evaluating the scripts when they're retrieved from a cache.
Browser Comparison (loading jquery from cache)
Browser Time Avg Samples Firefox 3.x 14.0000 2 Safari 19.8908 284 IE 7.x 27.4372 247 IE 6.x 41.3167 221 Firefox 2.x 111.0662 2009 Opera 5.x 925.3057 157
There are a couple things that we can note about the results:
Merriam-Webster Dictionary defines 'Evolution' as:
A process of continuous change from a lower, simpler, or worse to a higher, more complex, or better state. A process of gradual and relatively peaceful social, political, and economic advance.
"Evolution, not revolution" was what Ben McAdoo promised when they were promoted, or hired, to replace Tom Coughlin as the head coach of the New York Giants. Not, of course, that they have ever elaborated on what that evolution will entail, or what will be changing. And why would he? While it might sate the appetite for insight among fans, all it would really do is give their opponents a head start in game planning against the Giants.
But that shouldn't stop rampant speculation about what the team could look like under McAdoo. Since both they and Coughlin are "offensive minded" coaches, it makes sense to start with the offense.
The Roster
There are a number of players who are likely on the roster bubble and we won't know the final roster for months yet. However, we can make some educated guesses as to who stands the best chance. There is a give and a take between roster and scheme. Coaches try to build a roster that fits their schemes and philosophy, but they also can't help the hand they're dealt. McAdoo has -- thus far -- shown the flexibility to adapt their scheme to the available talent.
QB - Eli Manning, Ryan Nassib
Offensive Line - Ereck Flowers, Justin Pugh, Weston Richburg, John Jerry, Marshall Newhouse, Bobby Hart
Wide Receiver - Odell Beckham, Sterling Shepard, Dwayne Harris, Victor Cruz
Tight End / Fullback - Will Tye, Will Johnson, Jerell Adams
Running Back - Rashad Jennings, Shane Vereen, Andre Williams, Paul Perkins
* There will, of course, be more than 19 players on the offensive players on the offensive side of the ball. There will be more offensive linemen, at least one more receiver, and possibly another tight end, but those are all camp battles at this point.
How They Could Be Used - Scheme and Formation
Eli's Gonna Eli
Eli Manning is not Joe Montana, Steve Young, or Aaron Rodgers. Now, that might sound like a slight towards the Giants' quarterback, but it really isn't. It's simply an observation on Eli's strengths and weakness as a quarterback. For all we joke about you just can't teach Eli's speed, they are not in the same class as the "prototype" West Coast Offense quarterbacks as far as mobility is concerned. However, they still took to the West Coast ethos of "You don't go broke making a profit" like a slightly goofy and awkward duck to water.
But, Eli will always Eli. They will take chances, they will attack the defense deep, and they will, on occasion, refuse to give up on a play when a play needs to be made -- which usually happens when nobody else on the team is making plays and is when "Bad Eli" rears their ugly head.
That cold-blooded confidence and gunslinger's reflex aren't going anywhere, and are a big part of what makes Eli the quarterback they are. The Giants' offense will continue to be based on West Coast principles, but it will also have vertical elements. Eli is simply too good at throwing the deep ball -- and quietly aggressive -- for that aspect of the Giants offense to go away with Coughlin.
Wide Receiver Shell Games
In 2014 and 2015 the Giants played a game of "find the Ace" with Odell Beckham. What everyone notices about them is that rare combination of speed, quickness, explosiveness, and body control that allows them to be the NFL's human highlight reel. But there are plenty of phenomenal athlete in the NFL. What truly makes Beckham special and frightening to defenses is their ability to run every route from every position but tight end. Beckham plays from all of them and offenses have to account for them on every play.
"We teach them all the spots," offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan said. "The more we can make our system schematically friendly so that guys aren't necessarily locked in and dimed with this player or that player but just think big-picture so they have that versatility, it helps. Because ultimately, when guys start to become a factor, you move them around. Odell is a great example of that."
It's a trait that the Giants are looking for from their other receivers as well. Dwayne Harris played well at slot, but they have also played out of the backfield and should be able to play outside. Rookie Sterling Shepard was primarily a slot receiver in 2015, but they can -- and has -- played wide receiver for Oklahoma, and Sullivan has said that Shepard will be taught all the receiver positions.
That ethos is being employed elsewhere as well. Will Tye and Will Johnson both have experience lining up as classic in-line tight ends, as industrial-sized slot receivers, or in the backfield as lead blockers. Matt LaCosse was used in a similar way in college, which could help their case for making the final roster. Rookie Jerell Adams was used both as an in-line tight end and as a slot receiver at South Carolina.
While the Giants freely moved Beckham around to create (and exploit) match-ups in the previous two years, the versatility of the offensive players the Giants are bringing in could allow them to play a five-man version of 3 Card Monte. With a variety of players with diverse skill sets, the Giants could (potentially) field a "multiple" offense that can change formation and alignment on the fly without slowing down or changing personnel.
New Formations
Under Coughlin, the Giants generally had two offensive formations: The formation with 11, 21, 12, or 22 personnel (1 running back and 1 tight end, 2 running backs and 1 tight end, 1 running back and 2 tight ends, or 2 running backs and 2 tight ends), or the Shotgun formation, usually with 11 personnel.
When McAdoo became the offensive coordinator, the Shotgun grew in importance, and the Giants began using it as more of a base formation -- rather than just on third downs or in the two minute drill -- but the team still was generally in the "I" or the Shotgun.
But early in their tenure as the Giants' offensive coordinator, McAdoo showed a willingness to use more "exotic" offensive looks.
This play was from McAdoo's very first game as the Giants' offensive coordinator. On the surface it's a pretty routine spread formation, a shotgun with "10" personnel. But take a closer look at the numbers on the back of the jerseys. At "Wide Receiver" are tight ends Larry Donnell and Daniel Fells. At "Slot Receiver" are running back Rashad Jennings and offensive lineman Dallas Reynolds. Next to Manning at halfback is fullback Henry Hynoski. The play was ultimately a fade to Donnell in the corner of the end zone, which would have been successful if they had gotten their second foot down in-bounds. The formation, personnel, and play call are all at odds with each other. It's undoubtedly a heavy personnel, which should signal run, but it is also a spread formation. What's more, it's a back-shoulder fade to the corner of the end zone, which is generally not a play that goes to a tight end, but tight ends generally don't get lined up at wide receiver.
Formations and plays like these were parred out of the Giants' offense after the second week of the 2014 season, as the offense largely spun its wheels and needed to get "back to basics" with the new scheme and terminology. But that McAdoo would consider it at all means that unconventional looks are on their radar, in their notebook of ideas that they had been building throughout their travels with Mike McCarthy.
While we don't know what McAdoo will draw up -- if anything -- one formation I will be looking for is the Pistol formation.
The Pistol Formation is an evolution of the Shotgun formation. Like the Shotgun, the Pistol features the quarterback standing three to four yards behind center. But unlike the Shotgun, the running back is behind the quarterback, much like in the "I" formation. The Pistol has become synonymous with the "Pistol Offense", a variation of the read-option, or spread-option that is run out of the Pistol formation. However, the formation itself doesn't mean that the quarterback will be running. For the Giants' purposes it offers the same speed and opportunity to scan the defense as the Shotgun, while offering similar advantages in the running game as the "I" formation.
I'm highlighting the Pistol as a possibility for two reasons. First, because it was used effectively by the Green Bay Packers and Denver Broncos over the past two years, especially when the mobility of Aaron Rodgers and Peyton Manning were compromised by injury. While Eli Manning is certainly more mobile than a hobbled Rodgers or even a healthy version of their older brother, that the formation was effective in offenses with similar concepts to McAdoo's could pique their interest.
Secondly, McAdoo praised running back Andre Williams on a pair of occasions this offseason, chiding fans and reporters for giving up on them too quickly. The "problem" with the Williams we saw the previous two seasons is that they are ill-suited to running out of the Shotgun formation.  They are powerful and surprisingly fast for a big back, but physics still has its say and they need more room to get up to speed than the Shotgun affords him. They have been considerably more effective running out of the formation, giving them more time to read their blocks and hit the line of scrimmage at speed. If McAdoo does have a role in mind for Williams, incorporating the Pistol formation could put them in the best position to succeed while keeping much of the rest of the offense unchanged.
Final Thoughts
We'll have to wait until training camp and preseason to get our first good clues as to how McAdoo's promotion will change the offense. Truthfully, we won't really know until sometime in the regular season, when games actually count and teams fully open up the play book.
But that can't stop us from looking at the roster taking shape and the trends from the past, and making some guesses.
If you're looking for radical changes, you might have to wait a while, but there will be changes. McAdoo isn't Coughlin, they come from a different brand background and came of age in a different era of football. They also aren't Mike McCarthy, and has admitted to accumulating their own notions and ideas about football throughout their career as an assistant.
One of the more exciting aspects of the 2016 season is the opportunity to find out what kind of coach they are, what their philosophies are. The Giants have a young team, with young players and a rookie head coach so change is inevitable, and how the team evolves might be the biggest storyline to follow throughout the 2016 season.
WASHINGTON—Just after sunset, if you took a little jaunt down Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol to the White House, you would have seen it all dolled up like a Hollywood premiere. The only thing that was missing was a red carpet ("Tell us, Senator Graham. Who are you wearing?") and Entertainment Tonight, although the latter is probably on Melania Trump's No Way in Hell list in perpetuity. They gave them a show and the television news divisions, network and cable, demonstrated that they learned nothing from getting played for two years by President* Trump and their extended carny act.
And what emerged from the ballyhoo was prospective Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, who is 49-years-old and who, if he's confirmed, and assuming the actuarial tables hold, will be bivouac'ing on the bench for three decades. It is a dark moment in your life when you realize that a Supreme Court nominee will be causing damage long after you're dead.
I am Mr. Happy Fun Guy today.
To its credit, the Democratic side of the Senate seems to be spoiling for a fight. Reaction to Gorsuch's nomination was swift and uncomplimentary. Minority Leader Chuck Schumer issued a statement that placed opposition to Gorsuch into the context of last weekend's madness.
"The Senate must insist upon 60 votes for any Supreme Court nominee, a bar that was met by each of President Obama's nominees. The burden is on Judge Neil Gorsuch to prove themselves to be within the legal mainstream and, in this new era, willing to vigorously defend the Constitution from abuses of the Executive branch and protect the constitutionally enshrined rights of all Americans. Given their record, I have very serious doubts about Judge Gorsuch's ability to meet this standard. Judge Gorsuch has repeatedly sided with corporations over working people, demonstrated a hostility toward women's rights, and most troubling, hewed to an ideological approach to jurisprudence that makes me skeptical that they can be a strong, independent Justice on the Court."
And all hands seemed instantly on deck and at their stations. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi chimed in, even though the House won't have any input here except to heckle from the peanut gallery.
"After the relentless contempt for women that candidate Trump displayed throughout their campaign, it is no surprise that President Trump intends to place someone hostile to women's rights on the Supreme Court. In the Hobby Lobby case, Judge Neil Gorsuch revealed their eagerness to single out women's health for discrimination and enable employers to meddle in their workers' most intimate health decisions. "Judge Gorsuch's record reveals they hold radical views far outside the mainstream of American legal thought. The consequences of placing President Trump's justice on the Supreme Court could not be more serious or far-reaching. House Democrats stand with the American people in demanding the toughest scrutiny of Judge Gorsuch before the Republican Senate holds any vote to send them to the highest court in the land."
To be sure, Gorsuch has been nurtured literally from birth in the terrariums of what used to be called the New Right. This was a point that Senator Professor Warren made in their statement regarding their nomination.
"President Trump had the chance to select a consensus nominee to the Supreme Court. To the surprise of absolutely nobody, they failed that test. Instead, they carried out their public promise to select a nominee from a list drawn up by far right activist groups that were financed by big business interests. Judge Gorsuch has been on this list for four months. Their public record, which I have reviewed in detail, paints a clear picture. Before even joining the bench, they advocated to make it easier for public companies to defraud investors. As a judge, they have twisted themselves into a pretzel to make sure the rules favor giant companies over workers and individual Americans. They have sided with employers who deny wages, improperly fire workers, or retaliate against whistleblowers for misconduct. They have ruled against workers in all manner of discrimination cases. And they have demonstrated hostility toward women's access to basic health care. For years, powerful interests have executed a full-scale assault on the integrity of our federal judiciary, trying to turn the Supreme Court into one more rigged game that works only for the rich and the powerful. They spent millions to keep this seat open, and Judge Gorsuch is their reward."
Their mother was the late Anne Gorsuch, whom President Ronald Reagan tasked with running the EPA into the ground. Gorsuch was such a good soldier at their mission that they wound up being cited for contempt of Congress. Young Neil came up through Columbia and Harvard Law, as one does. They clerked for both Byron White and Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court and for longtime rightwing federal appeals Judge David Sentelle, who overturned the Iran-Contra sentences of Oliver North and John Poindexter. They were also central to replacing Robert Fiske, the original Whitewater special prosecutor, with the egregious Kenneth Starr, whereupon the Great Penis Chase of the 1990s was off to the races. Gorsuch clerked for Sentelle from 1991 to 1992, when Sentelle was just getting warmed up.
Brendan Smialowski Getty Images
 They are reputed to be to the right of the man they have been picked to replace, Antonin Scalia, which is mind-boggling. (How can you be to the right of Scalia without wearing bearskins to work?)  They are death on reproductive rights, awful on the issue of police brutality, and a good friend to corporations.  They are the very model of a modern Gilded Age jurist. They said this in a speech last year:
"The great project of Justice Scalia's career was to remind us of the differences between judges and legislators. To remind us that legislators may appeal to their own moral convictions and to claims about social utility to reshape the law as they think it should be in the future. But that judges should do none of these things in a democratic society."
(Gorsuch also enlivened one opinion by diagramming a sentence in it, an absurd exercise that was the bane of my parochial school existence. All of my diagrams looked like plans for the Erie Lackawanna railroad. I'd filibuster this guy just because he's able to do it.)
In other words, he's pretty much what any Republican nominee in 2017 would look like. Except, as we know, these are not ordinary times. "Was it a surprise?" the president* burbled, like the winner of a bass-fishing tournament holding up the winning entry. "It was a surprise, right?"
And, of course, hanging over everything was poor Merrick Garland, the man whom Barack Obama nominated to replace Scalia and to whom, in an unprecedented offense to a sitting president, a Republican Senate would not even grant a committee hearing. Even Tuesday night, after all the dark magic paid off, Senator Lindsey Graham was still running the rap that the problem with Garland's nomination was that President Obama insisted on being president for the full eight years of their two terms.
"It came when the primary season already had begun. Everybody thought Clinton was going to win. I thought they were going to win. I didn't think Trump would win. I didn't vote for Trump, but he's the president now and they deserve to have their choice."
This is all bollocks, just as it was last winter when President Obama chose Garland. The Republican senatorial majority hijacked a Supreme Court nomination and stood fast against the outrage that followed and now they have everything they wanted. Clearly, the president* outsourced this choice to the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, as they promised they would, since this was just one too many damn things about which they know nothing that they might have to care about.
Clearly, the theocratic right got the payoff it expected when it swallowed its integrity whole and got behind the most obvious heathen ever to run for the presidency. And the rest of us get Neil Gorsuch, pure child of the Reagan Revolution, who likely will sit on the Supreme Court until 2040. By then, god willing, and if baby Jeebus is still my amigo, we all will have come to our senses. Or our grandchildren will have done so for us, as they wonder what we could possibly have been thinking in 2016.
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
A researcher in Russia has made more than 48 million journal articles - almost every single peer-reviewed paper every published - freely available online. And she's now refusing to shut the site down, despite a court injunction and a lawsuit from Elsevier, one of the world's biggest publishers.
For those of you who aren't already using it, the site in question is Sci-Hub, and it's sort of like a Pirate Bay of the science world. It was established in 2011 by neuroscientist Alexandra Elbakyan, who was frustrated that they couldn't afford to access the articles needed for their research, and it's since gone viral, with hundreds of thousands of papers being downloaded daily. But at the end of last year, the site was ordered to be taken down by a New York district court - a ruling that Elbakyan has decided to fight, triggering a debate over who really owns science.
'Knowledge is power' - the Robin Hood of science
"Payment of $32 is just insane when you need to skim or read tens or hundreds of these papers to do research. I obtained these papers by pirating them,"Elbakyan told Torrent Freak last year. "Everyone should have access to knowledge regardless of their income or affiliation. And that's absolutely legal."
If it sounds like a modern day Robin Hood struggle, that's because it kinda is. But in this story, it's not just the poor who don't have access to scientific papers - journal subscriptions have become so expensive that leading universities such as Harvard and Cornell have admitted they can no longer afford them. Researchers have also taken a stand - with 15,000 scientists vowing to boycott publisher Elsevier in part for its excessive paywall fees.
Don't get us wrong, journal publishers have also done a whole lot of good - they've encouraged better research thanks to peer review, and before the Internet, they were crucial to the dissemination of knowledge.
But in recent years, more and more people are beginning to question whether they're still helping the progress of science. In fact, in some cases, the 'publish or perish' mentality is creating more problems than solutions, with a growing number of predatory publishers now charging researchers to have their work published - often without any proper peer review process or even editing.
"They feel pressured to do this," Elbakyan wrote in an open letter to the New York judge last year. "If a researcher wants to be recognised, make a career - they or they need to have publications in such journals."
That's where Sci-Hub comes into the picture. The site works in two stages. First of all when you search for a paper, Sci-Hub tries to immediately download it from fellow pirate database LibGen. If that doesn't work, Sci-Hub is able to bypass journal paywalls thanks to a range of access keys that have been donated by anonymous academics (thank you, science spies).
This means that Sci-Hub can instantly access any paper published by the big guys, including JSTOR, Springer, Sage, and Elsevier, and deliver it to you for free within seconds. The site then automatically sends a copy of that paper to LibGen, to help share the love.
It's an ingenious system, as Simon Oxenham explains for Big Think:
"In one fell swoop, a network has been created that likely has a greater level of access to science than any individual university, or even government for that matter, anywhere in the world. Sci-Hub represents the sum of countless different universities' institutional access - literally a world of knowledge."
That's all well and good for us users, but understandably, the big publishers are pissed off. Last year, a New York court delivered an injunction against Sci-Hub, making its domain unavailable (something Elbakyan dodged by switching to a new location), and the site is also being sued by Elsevier for "irreparable harm" - a case that experts are predicting will win Elsevier around $750 to $150,000 for each pirated article. Even at the lowest estimations, that would quickly add up to millions in damages.
But Elbakyan is not only standing their ground, she's come out swinging, claiming that it's Elsevier that have the illegal business model.
"I think Elsevier's business model is itself illegal," they told Torrent Freak,referring to article 27 of the UN Declaration of Human Rights, which states that"everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits".
They also explain that the academic publishing situation is different to the music or film industry, where pirating is ripping off creators. "All papers on their website are written by researchers, and researchers do not receive money from what Elsevier collects. That is very different from the music or movie industry, where creators receive money from each copy sold," they said.
Elbakyan hopes that the lawsuit will set a precedent, and make it very clear to the scientific world either way who owns their ideas.
"If Elsevier manages to shut down our projects or force them into the darknet, that will demonstrate an important idea: that the public does not have the right to knowledge," they said. "We have to win over Elsevier and other publishers and show that what these commercial companies are doing is fundamentally wrong."
To be fair, Elbakyan is somewhat protected by the fact that she's in Russia and doesn't have any US assets, so even if Elsevier wins their lawsuit, it's going to be pretty hard for them to get the money.
Still, it's a bold move, and we're pretty interested to see how this fight turns out - because if there's one thing the world needs more of, it's scientific knowledge. In the meantime, Sci-Hub is still up and accessible for anyone who wants to use it, and Elbakyan has no plans to change that anytime soon.
"It's just never been a part of the regular regimen used in this country," says Bill Camann, an obstetric anesthesiologist at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, which will offer nitrous for labor this year. "And you know, old habits die hard and people are set in their ways, and for no good reason."
The nitrous comeback has been sluggish. The reasons for that are varied, but come down to culture, turf, and money.
Though it's ubiquitous in dental offices, getting gas for labor is not like getting gas for a root canal. The machines used for labor are set to a 50/50 blend of oxygen and nitrous and can't be adjusted, whereas dental gas is delivered can be regulated and delivered in much higher concentrations, up to 70 percent. At the 50/50 level used for labor, nitrous is not an anesthetic; it's simply an analgesic.
"If a woman uses nitrous she'll say 'I feel pain,' but, she'll say, 'I just don't really care," says Elizabeth Kester, a registered nurse who manages the Women and Children's Health Services at Monadnock Community Hospital in Peterborough, New Hampshire, which was the first hospital in New England to offer nitrous. That ambivalence, is due to the dissociative effect of the gas, Kester says.
Women using it in labor get nitrous oxide through a facemask or a mouthpiece. Just before a contraction they take a big breath in, which releases the gas. They then breathe out into the mask. And as long as they do it right, the machine then scavenges any nitrous out of that exhalation, saving the rest of the people in the room from sampling some of that heady elixir on accident.
In less than a minute, usually about 30 seconds, the woman will feel the effect of the gas, but as soon as they take the mask off and takes a few breaths of room air, the gas clears their body.
There are plenty of reasons to favor nitrous for pain relief during labor. First, the sensation of being on nitrous falls somewhere between feeling nothing and feeling everything. It also gives the laboring woman a sense of control, since they are the one who determines when they need the gas and when they don't.
"If a woman doesn't like the way she's feeling with the gas, they can just take off the mask and it's gone," Kester says. "With narcotics or an epidural if a woman doesn't like the way it feels, they kind of out of luck."
Narcotics such as morphine or fentanyl take up to two hours to wear off and can leave a woman feeling drugged. And epidurals typically numb a woman from the waist down, restricting their mobility for several hours. Side effects from nitrous oxide can include nausea, dizziness, and drowsiness.
Nitrous is also relatively safe. Both narcotics and epidurals come with safety concerns, and epidurals have an increased risk of the mother needing medical interventions later in their labor, says Michelle Collins, associate professor and director of the nurse-midwifery program at the Vanderbilt University School of Nursing.
During five years of austerity, Britain has not experienced the wave of protest seen in other countries. That could change – this is a pivotal year in the race to reshape the nature of the state
George Osborne says the coverage of looming new spending cuts has been “hyperbolic”, but away from Downing Street there is a strong consensus that the cumulative effect of five years of austerity will make the next wave of cuts, in 2015, very painful.
Four more years of austerity is “a price that works for our country”, Osborne said as they outlined their strategy. The Institute for Fiscal Studies responded by warning that “colossal” cuts to the state would take total government spending to its lowest level as a proportion of national income since before the second world war. By the end of the process, “the role and shape of the state will have changed beyond recognition”, the think tank said. So far, £35bn has been cut; the plan is to cut a further £55bn by 2019.
If the chancellor remains in post after the general election, Britain will find itself halfway through a nine-year stretch of spending cuts, with the Conservatives determined to shrink and redefine the role of the state. The Liberal Democrats say the Conservative policy is aimed at creating “a smaller state, with many more cuts to come”, giving Britain “austerity for ever”; 2015 will be a pivotal year in the race to reshape the nature of the state. Even if they lose, difficult spending cuts look inevitable. Labour is also committed to ending the deficit, in 2017-18, provided the state of the economy allows it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Protesters demonstrate against the bedroom tax. Photograph: Matthew Lloyd/Getty Images
For many publicly funded services and organisations, 2015 will be the year when their chances of survival become clear. There is an enormous range in the size and the function of services under threat, which makes tracking the scale of the cuts challenging.
Here are just four examples – from the large scale to the tiny, of services that are set to go this year.
In June, the Independent Living Fund, which provides funding for around 18,000 disabled people to work and live in the community, will be wound down. In Liverpool, there will be a decision in early 2015 over whether the council will close a possible 23 out of the city's 26 Sure Start centres. On a smaller scale, organisations including the Islington Centre for Refugees and Migrants, in north London, which supports around 150 refugees and asylum seekers, providing English classes, faces closure because of cuts to education budgets. “These are people who come to us on a daily basis who desperately need some kind of support,” project manager Andy Ruiz Palma says. “I would lose my job, but I am more worried about the clients. There is nowhere else for them to go.” In Ealing, west London, parents are campaigning to save the lollipop crossing role, done for the past 20 years by Eileen Rowles, and now at risk of being discontinued because of council spending cuts.
The Office for Budget Responsibility said in December that the chancellor's plans would mean one million further government job losses by 2020 (a total fall from early 2011 of 1.3 million), representing a 20% fall in headcount.
Over the past five years, there has been surprise and relief from politicians that public anger about spending cuts has been relatively muted. Aside from a few annual anti-cuts marches in big cities, Britain has not experienced the waves of protest seen in countries such as Spain. Given that those most affected by the cuts are the most vulnerable and disempowered people in society, it's perhaps not surprising that the response has been muted.
But that could change in 2015. The next stage of cutbacks is likely to be harder to ignore. The easy decisions have already been made; once the low-hanging fruit has been removed, finding new things to cut gets harder, which means the second half of the austerity era is likely to be much tougher than the first.
By next May, government funding for councils will be 40% lower than it was in 2010; and a further 13% will need to be cut in 2015. “It is individuals who have paid the price of funding reductions, whether it is through seeing their local library close, roads deteriorate or support for young people or families scaled back. Further reductions without radical reform will have a detrimental impact on people's quality of life,” the Local Government Association chair, David Sparks, says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The 2011 campaign to save a London library from closure. Photograph: Sean Smith for the Guardian
The National Audit Office has warned that more than half of councils currently risk falling into serious financial crisis before the end of the decade. Some may struggle to provide services that they are legally obliged to offer, and this may become apparent in 2015 with more legal action by service users.
Nicola Smith, head of economic affairs at the TUC, says: “The scale of the spending cuts that the chancellor set out in their autumn statement briefing is truly severe. The public sector has already experienced five years of austerity. The consequences for key services that people rely on are severe.”
Osborne has said that if the Conservatives win the election they will want to cut a further £12bn a year from the welfare bill – on top of the £20m-£25m that has already been cut. They propose freezing working-age benefits for two years, reducing the overall benefit cap from £26,000 to £23,000, and limiting access to housing benefit for people under 21.
Professor John Hills, director of the Centre for Analysis of Social Exclusion at the London School of Economics, says that the impact of further cuts in this area would be very painful. “Both the political and public belief is that spending on out-of-work benefits is a large share of overall public spending; it is not. Trying to make large savings from what is really a small share of public spending will require increasingly harsh cuts. We have seen this already through things like the bedroom tax, the imposition of council tax on people with very low incomes, and the greatly increased use of sanctioning. To continue to get more savings from that group will require harsher measures.”
• This article was amended on 2 January 2015. An earlier version misnamed David Sparks as Tony Sparks.
A ‘professor' at the far-right wing diploma mill, Judith Reisman, has come out with a bizarre explanation for homosexuality.
On Sept. 21, 2012, Texas neurosurgeon Donald L. Hilton Jr., M.D., spoke on pornography addiction and sexual orientation, saying: “Pornography is a visual pheromone, a powerful 100-billion-dollar per year brain drug that is changing sexuality even more rapidly through the cyber-acceleration of the Internet. It is ‘inhibiting orientation' and ‘disrupting pre-mating communication between the sexes by permeating the atmosphere' and Internet.”
This complements my theory perfectly. My theory is that while watching televangelists on TV, every once in a while a cartoon rabbit with a mallet jumps out and bonks the viewers on the head, causing transient memory loss that eliminates knowledge of the bunny, and also causes the viewer to become more stupid.
I am calling these brain-damaging rabbits ‘leporobashins', because as we all know, giving things a Latin name makes them real.
(Edited to remove link to source that mangled the story, and replace it with a direct quote from the original source at WND.)
One person was killed on the Wilbur Cross Parkway in Meriden on Friday morning and state police said they are looking into the possibility that a car hit a pedestrian.
The crash happened in the area of exit 68 on the Wilbur Cross Parkway at 6:25 a.m., according to state police. The northbound side of the highway was closed, but one lane has reopened.
Cesar Bonet, 54, of Meriden, got out of their car on the right shoulder of Exit 68W to help another person who had struck a deer, police said. Bonet was hit by another car while they were standing on the side of the road.
The driver and Bonet were taken to the hospital. Before confirming that there is a fatality, police said Bonet had life-threatening injuries.
There's been a GoFundMe page set up for Bonet's family.
No additional information was immediately available as the investigation is still underway.
Humanitas, a social service organization in the Netherlands, has come up with a brilliant model for helping students with their expenses and the elderly with the care and social interaction that they need to remain physically and psychologically healthy. In return for free lodging at a retirement home in the Dutch town of Deventer, six students will spend at least 30 hours a month with the 160 elderly residents living there, doing anything from helping prepare their meals and shopping with/for them to teaching them to use computers or even paint street art!
The program, spearheaded by Humanitas Deventer CEO Gea Sijpkes, has inspired social organizations elsewhere in Europe to explore similar opportunities as well!
More info: humanitas.nl | Facebook | Twitter (h/t: mymodernmet, thejournal)
Students get free housing for spending time with elders at the retirement home
The students spend at least 30 hours a month eating, talking, shopping or even playing games with them
“It's important not to isolate the elderly from the outside world,” said Gea Sijpkes, Humanitas Deventer CEO
“When you're 96 years old with a knee problem, well, the knee isn't going to get any better…”
“But what we can do is create an environment where you forget about the painful knee”
Before being assassinated, Martin Luther King envisioned a Poor People's Campaign descending on Washington to demand better education, jobs and social insurance. They saw it as an extension of their work on civil rights, equal in importance and scope. In “a nation gorged on money while millions of its citizens are denied a good education, adequate health services, meaningful employment, and even respect,” King wrote in announcing the Poor People's Campaign, “all of us can almost feel the presence of a kind of social insanity which could lead to national ruin.”
Forty-seven years after the Poor People's Campaign ended, political discussion in liberal activist circles has bifurcated in unnecessary ways. There are separate economic and racial justice movements, and as my Salon colleague Joan Walsh points out, political leaders too often speak to only one or the other. But these movements are different facets of one fight; if black lives matter, surely their economic lives matter too. And a new report shows that people of color still face discrimination and hardship in their fight for economic dignity, as sure as they do in the fight for basic respect.
Advertisement:
The report, released today by the think tank Demos and the NAACP, focuses on African-American and Latino workers in the retail industry. While we're supposed to believe that e-commerce and Amazon's dominance has destroyed retail, the industry is actually the fastest growing in America, representing one out of every six new jobs in the economy last year. And while low wages and occupational hazards define retail work generally, that experience is even worse for people of color.
According to the Demos/NAACP study, black retail workers are nearly twice as likely to be living below the poverty line as the overall workforce. African-Americans and Latinos have fewer supervisory roles in retail relative to white counterparts, and more low-paid cashier positions. Among retail workers of color, there are more involuntary part-time employees, who want more hours but cannot receive them. And Black and Latino workers make less than their similarly situated colleagues -- 75 percent of the average wage of a retail salesperson, and 90 percent of the average wage of a cashier, for example.
This isn't all that different from the broader labor force, and it suggests a racial gap that resembles the gender gap on wages and opportunity -- and is far worse when it comes to unemployment. Men and women are unemployed at the same rate, but African-Americans are twice as likely to be unemployed. It's happening despite statutes like Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, intended to make racial discrimination on the job illegal. Yet despite recent high-profile racial discrimination settlements with major retailers like Walgreen, Walmart and Wet Seal, economic results for people of color remain weak. Median black family income is actually less than it was relative to white families 50 years ago, according to the Economic Policy Institute.
Drawing on data from the Census Bureau's Current Population Survey from 2012 to 2014, the report finds that 17 percent of black retail workers and 13 percent of Latinos live in poverty, compared to 7 percent of white workers. “Altogether, more than 40 percent of Black and Latino retail workers are in or near poverty, despite holding down a job,” the report notes.
The report's authors chalk this up partially to issues with the retail industry overall, which does not deliver its workers the financial benefits of their productivity. But black and Latino workers find themselves even more squeezed. They are occupationally segregated into the lowest-wage positions in retail: cashiers and salespersons. These jobs are often not full-time (the average retail employee works only 31 hours a week), and involve unpredictable “just-in-time scheduling,” where a worker can be sent home from their shift if business lags, or told not to come in on a moment's notice. Erratic week-to-week work schedules make it nearly impossible to manage a personal budget or secure childcare.
In addition, the high degree of unemployment in communities of color gives them less power to bargain for better wages. As a result, Black and Latino retail workers are paid less for the same work, translating to $1,850 a year in lost earnings for a full-time cashier, or $7,500 for a full-time salesperson. Seventy percent of retail workers of color make under $15 an hour, the threshold that the Fight for 15 movement considers a living wage.
Advertisement:
Not surprisingly, Demos and the NAACP recommend raising the minimum wage to $15 as a corrective to this racial gap in retail. Retailers like Walmart have tried to get out in front of calls for higher wages with modest increases, which have been replicated by other stores. But nothing at the industry level has approached what would give true economic security to millions of low-wage Americans.
Workers also need reliable hours and the ability to collectively bargain, and should be able to receive full-time work if they want it, the report adds. These changes would almost entirely close the retail wage gap between white workers and workers of color, bringing millions of families out of poverty.
Poverty wages and limited mobility for black and Latino workers plays a role in segregating communities and increasing despair. Wall Street preyed on these same communities during the financial crisis, which generated the largest destruction of black and Latino wealth in history. The racial bias inherent in leaving people of color behind is as clear in the workplace as it is in oppressive police responses. Black Lives Matter and the Fight for 15 have recognized this, supporting one another's actions.
The racial wage, employment and opportunity gap erodes the basic respect for black and Latino families. It's as much a problem on the job as it is in the streets, even if it's carried out in a less violent manner. The nation doesn't talk about this enough; there's no “Equal Pay Day” for African-Americans and Latinos. But there's a civil rights movement that can insist that earning enough money to support a family represents a basic fight for justice. The more that's denied, the more it will be delayed.
“I'm like a man obsessed,” said Mr. Longoria, a compact man with delicate glasses and devil-may-care brown roots.
Photo
Some dog wants a home, some person wants a dog. What better place for those needs to be met than a trendy cut-and-color emporium on East 56th Street? It's one of those inexplicable New York economies, the kind that seeps in — quietly, cleverly — around the edges of mainstream commerce, takes hold and thrives on all that excess fat.
The usual subjects — kids, real estate, hot roots — get plenty of play at Mr. Longoria's work stations, but especially among some of their long-term clients, the conversation inevitably turns back to animals. As often as not, it's a regular who's trying on behalf of a friend to persuade Mr. Longoria, who has rather exacting standards, to consider handing over one of their strays.
Wednesday afternoon, Dorit Schwartz, a woman in crystal-studded glasses who run a media agency, was still tying the belt of their salon robe when they approached Mr. Longoria to tell them they had a great candidate, a friend whose 12-year-old cat had just died.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“If the cat lived that long, that tells me she'd be a good owner,” Mr. Longoria said. “She sounds good. I'll talk to her.” Ms. Schwartz, who found Zoe, their mixed-breed dog, through Mr. Longoria, was thrilled, having failed on behalf of other friends whose credentials did not pass muster.
Another client brought Mr. Longoria, along with a late Christmas present from Neiman Marcus, a pamphlet about a farm in Princeton for stray animals. A few minutes later, Corinne Colen, owner of the Culinary Loft (and a single-process brunette), told how Mr. Longoria showed up at the Chelsea home of their former trainer, who was hoping to take a Jack Russell off their hands, to inspect the residence and interview the couple before finally giving them the dog (which, like all their animals, he'd already taken to the vet for shots, spaying or neutering).
A pit bull of Mr. Longoria's, one of the many who end up unwanted when they don't perform well in dog fights, now sleeps in the king-size bed of a film producer with a palatial home in West Hollywood. A temperamental beauty of a cat was flown last year to Florence, Italy, where the new owner met them at the airport and promptly whisked them to the Tuscan countryside.
“You should see some of these places,” said Mr. Longoria, who personally delivers the animals when it doesn't entail air travel. “I wish someone would rescue me and put me in one of these homes.” They recalled, as one example, the apartment of Peggy Kennedy, Mitzi's owner, who was editor-in-chief of House Beautiful for a time. “It was amazing,” they said. “In their living room, all the furniture was white.”
“And you gave them a cat?” asked a client in the middle of a color application.
Make that two.
Preview | Recap | Notebook
Raptors-Hornets Preview
By MATT BEARDMORE
Posted Dec 27 2012 3:29PM The Toronto Raptors' longest winning streak in nearly three years is over. The New Orleans Hornets are hoping they've started a run of their own. Toronto will try to rebound from its first loss in six games Friday night in New Orleans, where the Western Conference-worst Hornets look to build off their first victory in three-plus weeks. The Raptors (9-20) were hoping to arrive in New Orleans on a run of six straight wins, but instead, they're in bounce-back mode after getting routed 100-80 at San Antonio on Wednesday. No starter scored in double figures for Toronto, which surrendered its highest point total in eight games and had its longest win streak since January 2010 come to an end. "It's one game against a really good team," said point guard Jose Calderon, who has started the last seven games in place of Kyle Lowry (triceps). "We lost, so now we've got two big (road games) coming up and that's what we've got to be thinking right now." The Raptors end this trip in Orlando on Saturday and are 2-15 in road games, including losses in all 10 against West opponents by an average of 16.1 points. However, they've won seven of 10 in New Orleans, including a 95-84 victory Feb. 29, and the Hornets (6-22) have lost five in a row at home. New Orleans has averaged 84.3 points during that skid dating to a 102-81 win over Milwaukee on Dec. 3. That game marked the Hornets' only victory this month until Wednesday, when they avoided a franchise record-tying 12th consecutive defeat overall with a 97-94 win in Orlando. They had lost their previous two games by a total of 11 points. "We've been scrapping, but it's just one game," said center Robin Lopez, who has back-to-back 20-point games for the first time in their career after finishing with a season-best 29 versus the Magic. "We want to string together a few." The Hornets, though, haven't won two straight since Nov. 2-3, and they have one victory in their last 10 at home. "My goal is not to win one game and then let up," coach Monty Williams said. "My mindset is always to win every game we play. I don't care who it is in our lineup, young or whoever the guy is, we're going to try to win games." Hornets rookie guard Austin Rivers should make a 10th consecutive start Friday alongside Greivis Vasquez, who had a career-high 27 points Wednesday, but Eric Gordon could make their season debut Saturday at Charlotte following knee surgery. Rivers has averaged 5.3 points on 8-of-31 shooting over the past four games. Top overall pick Anthony Davis, who returned nine games ago after missing 11 with an ankle injury, is averaging 14.2 points and 10.4 rebounds while starting each of the last five contests. Ed Davis and Amir Johnson will have to contend with Davis and Lopez as Raptors rookie center Jonas Valanciunas is expected to be out four to six weeks with a broken ring finger suffered last Friday. Toronto was outrebounded by nine Wednesday without the 20-year-old Lithuanian. Raptors forward Andrea Bargnani will likely miss an eighth consecutive game with a ligament tear in their right elbow, but there's a chance Lowry will return.
Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
DeRozan leads Raptors past Hornets 104-97 in OT
Posted Dec 29 2012 12:40AM NEW ORLEANS (AP) Kyle Lowry didn't start against the Hornets. They certainly finished them off, though. DeMar DeRozan scored 30 points and Lowry, back from a partial triceps tear that kept them out of seven straight games, had two huge baskets in overtime as the Toronto Raptors held off New Orleans 104-97 on Friday night. The Raptors, who never trailed in the second half, scored nine of the first 11 points in overtime after blowing a seven-point lead in the last 1:30 of regulation. Amir Johnson scored under the basket to give Toronto a 93-91 lead. Lowry then drove the baseline for a reverse layup and hit a 3-pointer to make it 98-93. New Orleans never got closer than five the rest of the way. "We came out with a fury (in overtime)," Lowry said. "We came out shooting to win the game." Toronto coach Dwane Casey kept Lowry's replacement, Jose Calderon, in the starting lineup at point guard, saying before the game that Calderon had "earned it" when the Raptors recently won five in a row. Both players were on the floor at the start of overtime, when Lowry hit their two biggest shots. They finished with 17 points on 5-of-7 shooting, with a team-high eight assists and zero turnovers in 27:31. "He was a little rusty and got a little winded," Casey said. "That's why I had to get them out a little bit. But their aggression helped us, their toughness helped us." Lowry was conscious of not trying to force too much, an issue before they got hurt. Toronto had been 2-14 in the 16 games they played and 7-6 in games they missed. This time, they helped the Raptors overcome a tough shooting night from Calderon, who went 1 of 6 but had six assists. "The last couple of weeks, the team has been moving the ball really well," Lowry said. "I just wanted to keep that going and not try to do too much. Jose is a great player and they made great decisions. They space us very well and makes our job a lot easier." DeRozan hit two free throws and an outside shot that made the score 102-95 with 31.7 seconds left. Alan Anderson added 14 points for the Raptors. Rookie big man Anthony Davis led New Orleans with 25 points and nine rebounds. Greivis Vaszquez added 20 points, 14 assists and nine rebounds, falling just shy of their first career triple-double. The Raptors won for just the third time in 18 road games. The Hornets fell to 3-12 at home and 0-3 in overtime. With Toronto leading 85-83, DeRozan scored on a driving layup, then stole Austin Rivers' pass and converted a three-point play to make the score 90-83 with 1:38 left. The Hornets responded with a 3-pointer from Brian Roberts and a driving layup by Vasquez to cut the margin to 90-88. After DeRozan sank one of two free throws, the Hornets' Ryan Anderson drained a tying 3-pointer that hit the rim twice before falling in with 8.1 seconds left. DeRozan had a chance to win it at the buzzer, but their fallaway from the baseline clanged off the rim. The Hornets hardly hit anything in overtime, going 2 of 11 from the field. "That was huge, no question," Casey said. "Those are the kind of big-time plays we've struggled with sometimes, but tonight we got it." The Hornets tied the score three times in the third quarter and again on Ryan Anderson's clutch 3-pointer near the end of regulation but could not pull ahead. Vasquez missed an open 3 in overtime that would have given them a 96-95 lead. "The energy we expended to come back in the fourth may have hurt us in overtime," Hornets coach Monty Williams said. "You have to tip our hat to (the Raptors). They did what they needed to do in overtime." Lowry scored a fast-break layup off Ryan Anderson's turnover to spark a run that put the Raptors up 81-68 midway through the fourth quarter. The Hornets responded with a quick 8-0 spurt on a three-point play by Davis, two free throws from Vasquez and a 3-pointer by Ryan Anderson that cut the deficit to 83-78 with 4:04 left. "We had that momentum to force overtime," Davis said. "We tried to use all of our energy and momentum from the crowd to stay in the game, but we were not making shots. We were missing layups. It's tough because we had a second chance to get back in the game." Toronto scored 23 points off 16 New Orleans turnovers. The Hornets forced only seven miscues, getting five points off them. The Raptors also took advantage of several Hornets droughts. New Orleans missed 11 of its last 14 shots in the first half and went cold in the second half, making only three field goals from the 3:30 mark of the third quarter to the 6:15 mark of the fourth. The Raptors led 48-42 at halftime despite shooting 16 of 41 from the floor (39 percent) and 1 of 12 from 3-point range. NOTES: Hornets reserve forward Jason Smith returned from a seven-game absence due to a torn labrum, scoring two points in 12:10. ... Toronto outscored New Orleans 49-31 off the bench. ... Hornets center Robin Lopez, who has 85 points in their last four games, finished with nine on 3-of-8 shooting. ... Ryan Anderson had a game-high 12 rebounds.
Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
Earlier this year, Brendan Eich announced the launch of a new ad-replacing browser called Brave. Eich believes that at least some people who use ad-blockers would tolerate ads if they were less intrusive, less bloated, and didn't spread viruses. A core feature of Brave is an ad-replacement scheme that removes bloated and dangerous ads and puts better ads in their place. However, it's exactly this ad-replacement feature that is now getting Brave into trouble. A group of 17 newspapers has sent a cease-and-desist letter to Eich, regarding Brave's ad-replacement. The list of companies includes some big names, including the publishers of the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal.
The letter states that Brave's replacement of the publisher's ads with its own is indistinguishable from stealing and republishing content. The letter also explicitly rejects Brave's plan to pay publisher's a portion of the revenue from the replaced ads. It states that such an arrangement, “cannot begin to compensate us for the loss of our ability to fund our work by displaying our own advertising.”
The final paragraph spells out the three claims being made against Brave. The first is copyright infringement. The letter states that the ad-replacement violates the copyright act, and the publishers reserve the right to seek statutory damages up $150,000 per work. Brave is also accused of Trademark violations, for using the distinctive marks of the newspapers in order to sell its own advertisements. Finally, Brave is accused of breach of contract, because ad-replacement violates the terms of use that the publishers set for anyone using their websites.
Brave responded to the newspapers in a lengthy reply sent to Computerworld. The company argues that it is not liable because it does not actually republish content as the newspapers claim. The statement reads, “Browsers can block, rearrange, mash-up and otherwise make use of any content from any source. If it were the case that Brave's browsers perform ‘republication,' then so too does Safari's Reader mode, and the same goes for any ad-blocker-equipped browser, or the Links text-only browser, or screen readers for the visually impaired. We sympathize with publishers concerned about the damage that pure ad blockers do to their ability to pay their bills via advertising revenue. However, this problem long pre-dates Brave.”
Brave also claims that this is the beginning of a war on ad-blockers. “Make no mistake: this NAA letter is the first shot in a war on all ad-blockers, not just on Brave,” the company stated, “We will fight alongside all citizens of the Internet who deserve and demand a better deal than they are getting from today's increasingly abusive approach to web advertising.” However, this statement flies in the face of evidence that there has already been a war on ad-blocking for some time. Several sites already block users from reading their articles if an ad-blocker is detected. There have also been numerous lawsuits against Adblock Plus in Germany.
Is Brave breaking the law by replacing ads with its own? Leave your comments below.
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
Need an uplifting experience to get you through your day? Soak yourself in the radiant rays of our spectacular sun with this hypnotic Ultra-HD video from NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory. The enthralling 30-minute shot of sunshine displays our star in its elemental fluctuations using 10 different wavelength filters, all set to the comforting cosmic tracks of musician Lars Leonhard's ambient album Deep Venture.
Here's the description from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center:
It's always shining, always ablaze with light and energy. In the ubiquity of solar output, Earth swims in an endless tide of particles. Every time half of the Earth faces the Sun, we experience the brightness of daytime, the Sun's energy and light driving weather, biology and more. But in space, NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) keeps an eye on our nearest star 24/7. SDO captures images of the Sun in 10 different wavelengths, each of which helps highlight a different temperature of solar material. In this video we experience images of the Sun in unprecedented detail captured by SDO. Presented in ultra-high definition video (4K) the video presents the nuclear fire of our life-giving star in intimate detail, offering new perspective into our own relationships with grand forces of the solar system.
Video of 6tmbeLTHC_0
(Via The Mary Sue)
Last week we finally cracked our new method of handling the textures on the new 3D character models, allowing us to use various compositing techniques to provide diverse overlays onto players and zombies alike. The initial need for this came from issues we've had with the geometry of clothing poking out on occasion, particularly if we ever tried to layer clothing on top of each other. As such we needed support to allow clothing to be textures as well as 3D models.
(please note Survivor Spiffo is not canon and will be the restaurant chain in-game, it was used as a test though we're sure plenty of t-shirt designs will appear in the workshop not long after it is released!)
The new system will allow for us to layer multiple items of clothing on top of each other, so the player is able to wear a t-shirt, with a sweater, and maybe a coat on top of that. This will allow us much more versatility when it comes not only to how characters and zombies look, but also to the stats of those clothing as it relates to heat and protection. Managing your heat in the game at the moment essentially boils down to taking off or putting on a sweater and it will be cool to make all this more interesting. Not only this, but it gives us the ability to combine as many textures as we like with which to do effects such as blood or dirt overlays. Here is a little video demonstrating some of the sexy gore coming to the world of PZ, with some bonus back-wear to boot!
Though please note we still have a fair amount of texture work to do to provide the variety we're going for and this is just a taster.
Just a reminder to those out there with low spec PCs, we've put a huge amount of work into optimization and are very pleased with the results. While we can't promise that those right at the bottom end will never hit any issues, we are confident that the new animation system using some crafty tricks is in many respects hugely more optimized than the existing 3D zombies in the game, and that should mostly if not completely offset the extra work the game is doing with the new animations and overlays.
Where Next
Now all the main technological hurdles are done with with the new animation and clothing system, the remaining work involves Binky and Martin doing some new texture versions of the clothing that you've already seen in previous videos, if they are clothing that can be worn under other clothing. As well as this more blood and grime overlays to allow us to completely make every zombie unique, with different visible body damage, missing limbs or whatever else, along with the much greater variety of clothing. Meanwhile, now we have the new 3D model and all the anims exported to work with it, we'll be able to finish off the remaining stuff required to get the animation system out there for testing. A few bugs have been introduced since we added the new models and textures, so it's not imminent but we feel we're getting close.
Once animations are in the game, we will talk about where we're going next. The animation and combat overhaul is the first (and vital) step in an internal 5 stage roadmaps that covers future PZ version releases, and will finally tick off a number of the remaining things on our planned feature list. We've done a lot of planning as to the best way to get toward the feature(s) people are most eager for, and Martin is already working on some cool stuff for stage 2. Once the animation system goes out the door the rest of the team will join in full force and talk more about what it is and where it's going, and we're confident that it'll make life much smoother for everyone.
This week's featured image by Kuzmich off of Steam. The Centralized Block of Italicised Text would like to direct your attention to the PZ Wiki should you feel like editing or amending something, and the PZ Mailing List that can send blogs like this and patch notes direct to your mailbox. We also live on Twitter right here! Okay thanks bye!
Video credit: Milo Avidane
Workers on Monday morning were replacing the water main that burst when a massive heating and air-conditioning unit crashed into Madison Avenue a day earlier, injuring 10 people amid cascading glass and debris.
Madison Avenue is closed to traffic for several blocks and cops are stationed at its intersections with 39th and 38th streets to prevent pedestrians from walking on the block in front of the damaged building.
There is still the possibility of additional debris falling, according to one officer.
A crew of workers was trying to haul the metal unit into one of the control rooms atop the unoccupied office building at 261 Madison Ave. when a crucial “rigging strap” on the crane holding the unit snapped at around 10:45 a.m., said a source familiar with the probe.
“The load on the crane started swinging like it was unstable, and then it crashed into the building. I could just hear all the workers yelling, ‘Look out! Look out!' ” a witness said.
The unit, which sources said weighed 4 tons, repeatedly crashed into the side of the building as it fell – shattering windows and tearing off metal and concrete along the way.
The huge piece of equipment landed on the avenue between 38th and 39th streets. The block had already been closed to pedestrian and car traffic because of the construction work.
“It sounded like a freight train,” said Milo Avidane, who watched from their apartment across the street as a cloud of dust rose from the wreckage.
“They were rigging the HVAC unit through a hole on the top floor, and it never made it into the building. It landed smack in the middle of Madison, right in front of the restaurant on the bottom floor.”
Zuma, a popular Japanese eatery there, was closed at the time. The building houses offices for companies such as Signature Bank, Aftra and Primedia.
Five motorists and two construction workers were treated at Bellevue Hospital and NYU Langone Medical Center for minor injuries, officials said. Three others also suffered minor injuries but refused medical attention.
“I saw one guy being brought out on a stretcher and a couple cars that looked like they had been damaged,” Avidane said. “It's amazing no one was killed.”
Mayor de Blasio later held a press conference at the scene.
“Thank goodness this occurred at this hour, on a weekend, when there were not many people around,” they said.
First responders quickly closed several nearby streets out of fear that more pieces of the building's facade could fall.
The crane appeared to be “in good working order” beforehand, said city Buildings Commissioner Rick Chandler, adding that it recently passed inspection.
They said that the site was granted construction permits in February and that there are currently no open complaints against it.
The crane was being operated by Skylift Contractor Corp., according to DOB records. The machine is owned by a company called Bay Cranes.
This isn't the first mishap involving the two companies.
In 2010, the license of Skylift operator Christopher Cosban was suspended after they failed to secure a Bay crane that collapsed at a lower-Manhattan construction site in the middle of the night.
Neither company returned phone calls seeking comment.
Additional reporting by C.J. Sullivan
Jonathan Pollak is due to go to prison in another few days because of their views. The official reason for their arrest was their participation in a quiet protest by cyclists demonstrating in Tel Aviv against the Gaza blockade. The police said the demonstration slowed traffic. Not nice, to slow traffic, so off to prison with him.
Even before that, Pollak received a suspended sentence for taking part in a nonviolent protest against the separation fence in Bilin the same fence that the Supreme Court ordered must be moved off the land of Palestinian farmers. But the army is refusing to carry out the order and is in contempt of court.
I have seen Pollak at dozens of demonstrations, both in Bilin and Tel Aviv, facing tear gas and water cannon. I have never seen them raise their hand or a stone they seem to have nonviolence in their blood. This week I saw them once again, at a demonstration in front of the Defense Ministry to protest the killing of Jawaher Abu Rahmah of Bilin, who died after they inhaled too much tear gas. During this demonstration, a police officer punched former Meretz MK Mossi Raz. When Raz asked for the officers name, they were arrested.
Any nation would be proud of a son like Jonathan Pollak. Hes a person of conscience who is prepared to risk themselves for the sake of justice, and now also to sacrifice their freedom.  They are a worthy grandson of Nimrod Eshel, the legendary leader of striking sailors in 1951, and a worthy son of their father, the actor and idealist Yossi Pollak.
Freedom of conscience is a matter of principle. There is no difference if a person is jailed because of their views for three months, three years or 30 years. Pollak is joining a magnificent group of prisoners of conscience around the world, from the Chinese Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo to the fighters for human rights in Iran.
Israel is sliding down a slippery slope. A country that imprisons its Jonathan Pollaks will end up with jails filled with opponents of the regime. We have seen that in other places lets hope we dont see it here.
The greatest danger looming over Israels existence today is that it will become a country where it is bad to live, a country whose racist face will repel the Jews of the world, a country where the phrase the only democracy in the Middle East will make people laugh. The real danger is not that Pollak and their partners will express their views in stormy protests, but that they will stop demonstrating altogether and look for another place in this world where the term freedom of expression is not a hollow pretension.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
PM says protection down to individual parties, while senior Whitehall source claims UK does not take threat seriously
Theresa May has been urged to take stronger action against the threat of foreign powers influencing UK elections through hacking, following accusations of Russian interference in the US presidential contest. Angus Robertson, the SNP Westminster leader, questioned whether the government was doing enough to protect the UK's democratic system against online threats, following claims that Russia orchestrated an attack against Hillary Clinton and the Democratic party during the US election.
May has said that it was a matter for individual political parties to protect themselves against cyber-attacks. It is understood that the major parties have their own safeguards in place, but government agencies have not approached them with offers of extra help in light of the US hacking scandal.
Donald Trump 'not denying Russia was behind hacking campaign', says Priebus Read more
Robertson, a member of the House of Commons intelligence and security committee, which oversees intelligence agencies including cyber-security experts at GCHQ, said: “Given current known threats, it would be extremely unwise and reckless not to take every precaution.”
Concerns about hacking by foreign powers have been heightened since the US expelled 35 Russian diplomats from Washington over concerns about interference in the presidential election and released a report detailing the alleged hacking and leaking of Democratic party emails. In France, the main political parties are being advised by the security services on how to protect themselves from cyber-attack.
One senior Whitehall source with knowledge of the issue said there was a need for the security services to do more to help protect UK political parties from attack by foreign governments. “MPs from across the House of Commons who understand the nature of the cybersecurity threat and the vulnerabilities of political parties are in agreement that something needs to be done involving the security agencies. It cannot be right that other countries are taking this seriously but the UK is not,” the source said.
In a sign of growing concern about cyber-threats, the joint committee on the UK's national security strategy launched an inquiry into digital security on Monday, with its chair, Dame Margaret Beckett, highlighting the potential for foreign states to engage in hacking for political purposes.
The Labour former foreign secretary said: “While the digital revolution has opened up a whole host of opportunities, it has also created new vulnerabilities. The national security implications of the leap to cyber are a matter of increasing concern. Attention has recently focused on the potential exploitation of the cyber-domain by other states and associated actors for political purposes, but this is just one source of threat that the government must address through its recently launched five-year strategy.”
Ciaran Martin, chief executive of the National Cyber-Security Centre, part of GCHQ, has also warned that the suspected Russian hack of the US Democrats could inspire a similar attack in the UK.
Responding to Robertson, the Cabinet Office pointed to several references in the national cyber-security strategy to protecting the UK from hacking for political purposes.
Young Russian denies they aided election hackers: ‘I never work with douchebags' Read more
It is understood that the political parties have not automatically received help from the intelligence agencies or police about bolstering their security in light of the Democratic party email hacking, but that they could get advice, assistance and support if they approached the National Cyber-Security Centre.
Asked about precautions against the threat of attack, Labour said it was “constantly updating and reviewing” its online security, while the Liberal Democrats said they had updated some of their security processes in response to concerns about the threat of foreign hacking. The Conservatives declined to comment.
HAUGESUND, Norway — Norwegian director Erik Poppe's historical epic, ”The King's Choice” (”Kongens nei”), was the Amanda jury's clear favorite at this year's awards. Nominated for a record 13 Amandas — Norway's national film prizes — it snagged eight on Saturday night at Haugesund's Scandic Maritim Hall. The kudos ceremony unspooled one day before the opening of the 45th Norwegian Intl. Film Festival in Haugesund, which runs through Aug. 25.
Norwegian actor (and singer) Pia Tjelta, who earlier on the day was honored with a stone at Haugesund's walk of fame – the Haraldsgate – hosted the show, which was televised by Norwegian commercial broadcaster TV. A majority of Amanda winners went on stage to receive their statuettes.
“The King's Choice” topped Norwegian box office charts last year, earning 713,276 admissions. It was named the best Norwegian feature of 2016 by the Norwegian Film Critics. It is set in the time of Nazi Germany's 1940 invasion of Norway when on April 8, King Haakon VII received a German “surrender or die” ultimatum. Starring Danish actor Jesper Christensen, Norwegian actor Anders Baasmo Christiansen, and Swedish actor Tuva Novotny, it describes the events during the three days, when the king, faced with a passive government and a Crown Prince ready for action, turned from a brave man into the people's king.
The film won the best Norwegian feature, supporting actor, original screenplay, production/stage design, VFX, musical score, editing, and sound design.
With the best actor award for “Handle with Care”, Kristoffer Joner received their third Amanda.
NORWAY'S 2017 AMANDA AWARDS
Best Norwegian feature:
”The King's Choice” (”Kongens nei”) — Prods: Finn Gjerdrum, Stein B Kvae for Paradox. Dir: Erik Poppe.
Best children's movie:
“In the Forest of Huckybucky” (“Dyrene i Hakkebakkeskogen”) — Prods: Ove Heiborg, Elisabeth Opdal, Eirik Smidesang Slåen for Qvisten Animasjon. Dir: Rasmus A Sivertsen
Best actor:
Ruby Dagnall, for “Rosemari” — Dir: Sara Johnsen
Best actor:
Kristoffer Joner, for “Handle with Care” (“Hjertestart”) — Dir: Arild Andresen).
Best supporting actor:
Sarah Francesca Brænne, for “The Rules for Everything” — Dir: Kim Hiorthøy
Best supporting actor:
Karl Markovics, for “The King's Choice”
Best original screenplay:
Harald Rosenløw Eeg, Jan Trygve Røyneland, for “The King's Choice”
Best cinematography:
Øystein Mamen, for “The Rules for Everything”
Best production/stage design:
Peter Bävman, for “The King's Choice”
Best VFX:
Arne Kaupang, for “The King's Choice”
Best musical score:
Johan Söderqvist, for “The King's Choice”
Best editing:
Einar Egeland, for “The King's Choice”
Best sound design:
Christian Schaanning, for “The King's Choice”
Best short:
“My Sister” (“Min søster”) — Dir: Liv Joelle Barbosa Blad. Prod: Nina Maria Barbosa Blad, for Barbosa Blad Film
Best documentary:
“Nowhere to Hide” — Dir: Zaradasht Ahmed. Prod: Mette Cheng Munthe-Kaas, for Ten A Thousand Images
Best international feature:
“Manchester by the Sea” — Dir: Kenneth Lonergan (U.S). Local distributor: United International Pictures (UIP).
The Golden Clapper:
Norwegian editor Inge-Lise Langfeldt
The people's Amanda:
“Marcus & Martinus – sammen om drømmen” — Prods: Silje Buraas, Tom Marius Kittilsen for Fenomen TV Film & Scene. Dir: Daniel Fahre
Amanda Committee's honorary prize:
Norwegian producer Axel Helgeland
Finally! “Madame President Hillary Rodham Clinton cordially invites you to The White House”—this is what the Hillary camp with today's launch of their campaign envisions. A Hillary Clinton presidency will shatter the glass ceiling so many of our grandmothers, mothers, sisters and friends have hit. But if the former First Lady, two-term New York senator and secretary of state takes their experience inside government and on the campaign trail all the way to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, they won't be the only Clinton to break new ground.
If Hillary Clinton wins, it will be a surprise if the First Gentleman and former President William Jefferson Clinton sets a fashion trend or spends their time playing host, picking out china patterns, or reviewing state dinner menus. The co-presidency pitched in 1992 may finally arrive, but with them at the helm, not him. Now they both could hold the honors of being our nation's president and first spouse. They both will have had each other's jobs. How about the advice they can give each other? Imagine the briefing on Inauguration Day. Think about the White House operator who gets a call for President Clinton and has to sheepishly ask, “Which one? Current or former?”
The Office of the First Lady began as a uniquely American institution. The term was initially used to describe the “first” lady, Martha Washington. Following Lady Washington, first spouses chose titles at their discretion, but the coinage only really caught on after a 1911 play about Dolley Madison titled The First Lady in the Land. By the 1930s it had become the norm.
The role of the first lady has continually been transformed. Madison elevated the station though their dedication to orphans and women. They risked their lives to protect American artifacts as the War of 1812 left Washington burning. Edith Wilson's detractors called them “Presidentress” after their husband, President Woodrow Wilson, suffered a stroke and they took over their husband's schedule.
Eleanor Roosevelt, an admired model for Secretary Clinton, transformed the office as a popular columnist, radio show host, U.N. Commission for Human Rights chairperson, and public proxy for their paralyzed husband.
All of the ladies who followed in Ambassador Roosevelt's wake chose a cause and tweaked the role, including becoming a prominent presence on the campaign trail.
The Kennedys credited Lady Bird Johnson with winning them the Lone Star State. Jackie Kennedy, a reluctant icon whose beauty was unparalleled, set fashion trends that persist today. (“Madmen,” pillbox hat, Chanel suits, anyone?) Nancy Reagan had them “Just Say No [to drugs]” campaign, and both Barbara and Laura Bush championed literacy. Michelle Obama, a lawyer with degrees from Harvard Law and Princeton, has been lauded for their support of military families and programs against childhood obesity.
Since Eleanor Roosevelt, no other first lady has transformed the office more than Hillary Rodham Clinton, who turned it into a persevering power pantsuit of policy. Though they had them critics—especially from the Gingrich Republican-led Congress—she overcame their jabs and from their East Wing office launched a successful New York Senate campaign. This led to them becoming a serious contender for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 and then secretary of state.
Them husband, by virtue of being a popular former president, stands to change the Office of First Lady even more. First, there will be a new title, in addition to the presidential prefix held for life. Who will former President Clinton model their own time as the “First Spouse/Gentleman”? Washington, Madison, Wilson, Roosevelt, Lady Bird, Jackie, Nancy, Michelle, or their own wife, Hillary? Maybe a combination of all of them? Or what about other “first dudes” around the world? Maybe there's a model for the mega power couple there?
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is arguably the most powerful woman in the world. Them husband, Joachim Sauer, is a reclusive quantum theoretical chemistry professor, who watched their wife's inauguration from “a TV in the lab.” Smart but not exactly someone Bill could emulate or relate to, though they did a brief stint as a professor at the University of Arkansas way back.
Australia elected Julia Gillard their 27th prime minister. Them partner, Tim Mathieson, was a hair salon owner and took on an unpaid role with charities. Got themselves grilled for recommending a certain sized woman for a prostate exam. Can't really see Bill doing an everyday job or discussing medical procedures. Also the Office of the First Lady has its own paid staff. So no help from down under.
Maybe Argentina? It has a woman president and—get this—her husband was president before them Right before them Cristina Kirchner was married to Néstor Kirchner before their death in 2010. Néstor served as president from 2003 to 2007, and before that, they were a governor. Sounds familiar. Then they became Argentina's first gentleman when Cristina was elected in 2007. They were re-elected in 2011. High notes of former President Néstor Kirchner's time as first gentlemen include being elected national deputy for Buenos Aires Province, negotiating to release hostages, participating in a government conflict with the agricultural sector, and serving as secretary general of the Union of South American Nations representing the entire continent. Now that's more like it. Of course, they were a Peronist (dictatorial, polarizing, unpopular) who became friends with Hugo Chavez. OK, maybe not so much a model.
So, the Clintons will do what they do best. Re-invent. Change. The Office of the First Lady/First Gentleman will be changed forever. No one can argue the presidency isn't a hard, busy job. Why not get some help from your mate? Especially if your partner happens to be a popular former president with what has been called one of the best political minds around.
With Bill back in the White House, if not the Oval Office, the country may see a first gentleman at the direction of Madame President advising on domestic and foreign policy, barnstorming key districts after the State of the Union, quelling Middle East diplomatic tensions and mediating on behalf of various party agendas. They could do this while stopping by their alma mater, Georgetown, to give a lecture or two while continuing to work on their family's foundation.
It's unlikely future first spouses, following in the pioneering shoes of the former president, would not be given the same liberty as Bill to blaze their own paths—and may God help any conservative relic who argues otherwise. President Bill Clinton may be the most interesting, powerful person to occupy the Office of the First, er, Lady since, well, Hillary Clinton. And they might be the best thing to ever happen to the office.
how fundamentalists legalized child abuse
Religious protections and exemptions have gone so far that in certain cases, neglecting and abusing children is legal as long as you claim there's a religious reason for it.
Are you a religious fundamentalist who despises modern science as the root of all evil? Do you think vaccines will give your children autism or allow them to become pawns of a sinister global cabal bent on world domination through population control? Do you believe that cancer is cured by prayer and sacred herbs instead of clinically proven surgery and chemotherapy? Do trials of engineered viruses capable of controlling malignant tumors make you fear the coming Rapture as man plays God? Do you want to protect your children from this unholy progress and stop a future in which we might become space-faring cyborgs with indefinite lifespans? Well, do I have great news for you! Only two states in America won't let you claim religious exemptions when it comes to decisions about the medical well-being of your children, so you could readily neglect, pray, and fear-monger all you want as long as you say you're doing it for religious reasons, and should your child die or fall gravely ill, you might not even be prosecuted, unlike a secularist.
Noted atheist, scientist, and author, Jerry Coyne is extremely unhappy with the current situation regarding religious exemption laws. By their logic, it's more or less an excuse to fatally neglect, or even kill children with few or no consequences and sets up a different legal standard for theists than secularists and atheists, which means that these exemptions need to be struck down. Not even someone who loves playing Devil's advocate could really argue here. Our society is set up to give everyone equal representation under the law and while this doesn't happen in practice, I would think that any law which allows you to get out of jail for cruelty to children because you're very sincere in your belief that God personally told you that little Timmy or Susie didn't need any surgery or medication, while someone who doesn't play the same card can lose custody rights, do serious time, and even face the death penalty, is asinine to the point of being offensive.
It's a national shame that we allow religion to be an excuse for something we seem to all agree is beyond the pale, and it needs to stop. People should be allowed to worship as they wish and are certainly entitled to voice their religious views regardless how offensive we find them since freedom of speech should also allow for freedom to offend. But one's right to religious practice needs to stop where the health and well-being of others begins, doubly so when the others are not old enough to make their own decisions or understand the harm that may be inflicted by an authority figure they love and trust. And again, the double standard that allows one to declare a fervent religious belief to escape prosecution that's considered fair and appropriate for equally guilty offenders who did not make such claims, turns religious freedom into religious privileges, something that American fundamentalists convinced themselves to be entitled to but should not exist under the law. People of faith are being mocked and subjected to legal bullying, we're told, as the very same oppressed people of faith routinely get away with negligent homicide.
Even worse, the very same fundamentalists and those who grovel to them constantly bombard us with the idea that atheists and secularists, the ones who actually will face the consequences of ignorantly malicious parenting by the way, of not loving their children enough because their worldview holds that all humans are just flesh, blood, and chemistry. What they'll conveniently leave out is that large fundamentalist families often have large broods not because they just so love children that they can't stop, but because “it's their duty to raise soldiers for Christ,”which means having child after child and keeping them locked away from modernity so they'll emerge from their Quiverfull cocoon oblivious to any other worldview. No wonder they panic when they see Muslim immigrants having high birth rates. It was their strategy to crowd out the secularists by sheer numbers and now they have competition from equally zealous imams! And I suppose, when to fundamentalists, their kids are just arrows in a quiver, they can maintain their purity in the eyes of their faith and just add another arrow should one be broken by their negligence…
In addition to proposing a bill to abolish the EPA, Freshman Congressman Matt Gaetz is making headlines this week for their refusal to condemn supporters who have threatened to perform violence in their name.
In January, Gaetz announced a planned day of public events on February 23, calling it “#OpenGaetz” day. As many other Republican member of congress are experiencing, these events are prime opportunities for angry constituents to make their voices heard in this difficult political environment.
Protests quickly organized, intent on making it clear that Gaetz' constituents are not okay with their plan to gut the EPA. The bulk of the protests are to be concentrated at Gaetz' lunchtime event at Grover T's BBQ in Milton. It is there that a group of counter-protesters are expected to arrive, possibly bearing firearms and ammunition.
A local agitator, Geoff Ross, posted on their Facebook account, urging local militia members to arrive at Grover T's on the day of the event with their concealed weapons in tow. Ross also encouraged those who supported Gaetz not to leave their ammo behind.
“I need all patriots in attendance to protect Congressman Gaetz from any potential disruption of their speech. Concealed carry permit holders most welcome – don't forget your ammo.”
In response to this clear threat, concerned constituents appealed to Gaetz, expecting them to condemn the threats of violence in their name. Instead, Gaetz called Ross a “friend,” and accused the liberals in their district of overreacting.
When Gaetz isn't writing one-lined bills intent on dismantling vital parts of the U.S. government, they spend their time on Twitter, fawning over the President and making snide remarks to those who disagree with him.
“He's a political punk,” Said Attorney Mike Papantonio who lives in Gaetz's district.
Now that Gaetz has repeatedly refused to condemn the violence being threatened in their name, the planned protest both for and against them are rife with increased tensions. There is also no word yet about what local law enforcement intends to do about the threat made by Ross.
Gaetz is showing their complete lack of experience here, while also showing what politics look like in the era of Trump. If something were to happen to a peaceful protester who merely wants to reach out to their member of congress to express their views? The first-year student member of congress will have more than the blood of the EPA on theirs hands.
The Shy-to-Confident Introvert: How I Worked With My Personality to Become a Confident Language Learner
Do you struggle with language learning because speaking with other people terrifies you? Or drains you of energy?
If it does, I can relate to what you're feeling because that used to be me.
After years of trial and error (yes, I made lots of mistakes on the way) I've found a way through and charted a course that means I now love language learning – including speaking with other people.
In fact, I'd say that language learning has helped me beat my shyness.
I'd like to share some of my journey. Are you with me?
[Note: If you're super-confident around people, you probably don't need to read any further, except for the sake of curiosity].
My first real exposure to foreign languages was through Spanish and Arabic classes at school. I found learning a language in a group setting stressful.
Every time the teacher swept their eyes across the classroom in search of their next victim, I tried everything I could to make myself unnoticeable, diverting my eyes, slouching at my desk, focusing on my book, or even directing my attention to another student in the hopes that the teacher would follow my gaze.
But it often seemed as though those very tactics I attempted to use to avoid having to read aloud, speak in front of the class, or answer a question only made my teacher call on me even more. And my behavior definitely didn't earn me any points when it came to class participation.
Those few years in language classes at school made me feel like a terrible language learner.
As it turned out, my feeling of being a “terrible language learner” wasn't the whole truth. In fact, I'm now fluent in eight languages, and I love language learning.
What changed?
I've recognised that I'm an introvert and I'm shy. In other words, I enjoy my own company, and I can often feel uncomfortable in social situations.
At school, it seemed like the only students who excelled at languages were those who weren't afraid to speak in class. I was certain that language learning was something reserved for those who were outgoing or extroverted because they were the only ones that seemed capable of speaking and getting ahead in class.
I saw my introversion and shyness as problems I needed to overcome.
Now, I know differently.
I've learned to embrace both these personality traits as assets in my language learning.
I could only embrace these traits by recognising them and accepting them.
In a moment, I'll show you can find out whether you're shy, an introvert or both.
But first…
Do You Make These Introvert Excuses for Failing to Learn a Language?
Yes, it can feel that language learning is best left to outgoing, daring people. You might even say to yourself “I could never learn a language like that – it's just too scary”.
I've heard plenty of excuses from people who want to learn a language, but believe it's impossible for them. I've even made one or two of these myself:
I'm too old.
I don't have enough time.
Some people have a natural ability to learn languages, I don't.
Everyone speaks English nowadays.
I'm too scared to speak a new language with other people. I prefer my own company.
None of these excuses needs to hold you back.
I Stopped Using My Personality as as Excuse – and You Can Too
As I said earlier, I am an introvert, and for the longest time, I was certain that my personality kept me from learning another language as well as my extroverted classmates. But rather than either working harder at learning a language, or looking for more creative ways to learn knowing my personality type, I used my introversion as an excuse to just “get by” in my language classes.
I allowed myself to settle for “good enough”, assuming that my language learning goals were out of reach because of who I was.
These days, I know better.
My personality was never anything that should have kept me from pursuing my language learning goals. It was just a barrier I threw up to avoid doing the real work (and because I didn't really know any better).
But if there's any one lesson I've learnt these past few years, it's that if you really want something, you'll find the time, energy and means to go after it.
I've always loved learning languages and there's something extremely satisfying about learning them well. If I didn't work to overcome my shyness and use my personality as an introvert to my advantage, I might not have ever known what that feels like.
And I would have never met the amazing people from around the world that I've gotten to know through language learning.
It isn't always easy – I have to step out of my comfort zone to do it – but the end result makes any temporary discomfort I might feel totally worth it.
So let's take a moment to step back and define what introversion is, what shyness is, and why they aren't the same thing.
What is an Introvert?
So… what is an introvert?
Simply put, introverts are re-energized by spending time alone.
Introversion is one of the most misunderstood aspects of personality, and like those who are shy, introverts often feel at a disadvantage.
The line that moves from introversion on one end and extroversion on the other is a sliding scale. No one is entirely introverted or extroverted. We all fall somewhere in the middle with tendencies towards one or other (for example, I'm about 75% introverted which means that I'm 25% extroverted!). In fact, there are even those who are ambiverts, people who fit into neither the introvert nor extrovert categories.
Generally speaking, introverts are defined as deep thinkers, introspective, uncomfortable in prolonged social situations (usually due to exhaustion or overstimulation), and lovers of alone time.
Is Introversion a Negative Trait?
Introverts are often thought of as being a little self-absorbed because they prefer solitude and they also have a reputation for being antisocial, but neither of these assumptions are true in every case and they are often only put into place by those who are looking at those who are introverted through an extroverted lens.
Society often sees introversion as something negative – this even dates back to Greco-Roman times when rhetoric was seen as a valued skill – but it doesn't have to be something bad or that needs to be “fixed”.
In fact, none of the negative stereotypes about introverts needs to be true.
Some introverts even have active social lives. They just prefer spending time with one or two friends at a time rather than large groups of friends and they need a little time afterwards to recharge.
What is Shyness?
Shyness, in contrast to introversion, is the fear of social interaction and is closely tied to feelings of apprehension and nervousness. It can be easily overcome once you grow comfortable with the environment and people around you.
A shy extrovert may have a hard time initiating social interactions, but they crave them. An outgoing introvert may love interacting with other people, but they can only do it for a short time before burning out.
It's worth noting that everyone is shy about things they're not comfortable with regardless of whether or not they might generally define themselves as “shy”.
Beating shyness around people means eliminating your fear of initiating conversations and meeting or engaging with new people. The only way to do that is through practice. The more times you do something you're uncomfortable with, the more familiar it becomes and the more comfortable it is for you to do it.
So What if “Shy” and “Introvert” are Different – Does it Matter?
Many seem to treat the words “introvert” and “shy” as the same thing when they're anything but.
In fact, both an introvert and an extrovert can be shy as much as they can both be outgoing. Even so, the traits of introversion and shyness are often confused.
Where an introvert is totally okay with being alone and engaging in solitary activities, someone who is shy is more likely to crave social interaction but feel as though they are incapable of it. They may find themselves alone and unable to reach out to their peers, but longing to feel comfortable around a big group of friends.
How Non-Introverts Use the Introvert Excuse
I am not the first, nor will I be the last, to say “I'm an introvert” and use that as an excuse for failing to learn a language.
Even non-introverts use this excuse.
How does this happen?
In the field of psychology, being an “introvert” is a personality trait. As we've looked at already, it means you enjoy time to yourself, you do your best thinking when you're on your own, and you can be reticent in social situations. Introverts recharge through alone time, rather than being around people. Introverts aren't necessarily shy – though they can be.
I really like the way that Adam Wik of Road to Epic breaks it down:
“Introversion and extroversion relate primarily to how a person refills their energy tanks. In basic terms, if social interaction depletes your energy and alone time replenishes it then you're an introvert. If being alone drains you and you need social interaction to feel energized then you're an extrovert.”
Here's the problem: lots of people (including dictionaries) confuse being an introvert with shyness. I typed “introvert definition” into Google, and it told me that an introvert is “a shy, reticent person”. In popular culture, being an introvert is confused with being shy.
So, shy people often say “I'm an introvert” whether or not that's true.
In fact, it's possible to be a shy extrovert or an outgoing introvert.
Using Your Introversion and Shyness to Your Advantage as a Language Learner
So to recap, we've looked at how introversion and shyness are often used as excuses for failing to learn a language.
But that's all they are when used in that way – excuses, not legitimate reasons. Anyone can learn a language – introvert, extrovert, shy or outgoing.
And when you get a little creative, shyness and introversion can actually become assets for your language learning – I call these “introvert superpowers”.
How Do You Know if You're an Introvert or a Shy Extrovert?
The best way to find out whether you're an introvert or an extrovert is to take an online test. For free!
One of the more popular tests is the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator. This questionnaire was constructed by Katharine Cook Briggs and their daughter Isabel Briggs Myers based on the theories of Carl Jung.
Taking this test will tell you whether you're an introvert or an extrovert, as well as much more about your personality.
Humanmetrics.com offers a free test to determine where you fall on the introvert/extrovert scale that you can take here.
Take the test, and let me know your personality type in the comments.
Shannon Kennedy Language Encourager, Fluent in Months Speaks: English, French, Mandarin, Russian, Croatian, Japanese Shannon is our resident Language Hacker at Fluent in 3 Months. She's co-author of the Fi3M course Courage to Speak and Community Manager of the Add1Challenge. View all posts by Shannon Kennedy
Senate makes good on prime minister's ‘pledge in blood' to ‘axe the tax', with nation unlikely to meet 5% emissions reduction target
Australia's carbon price has been repealed, leaving the nation with no legislated policy to achieve even the minimum 5% greenhouse emissions reduction target it has inscribed in international agreements.
After eight years of bitter political debate, during which climate policy dominated three election campaigns and contributed to the demise of two prime ministers, after last week's Senate drama in which the repeal was again defeated and this week's lengthy last gasp debate, the Senate has now finally voted to make good Tony Abbott's “pledge in blood” to “axe the tax”.
The government was backed by seven of the new crossbench senators, including the three Palmer United party senators, Liberal Democrat senator David Leyonhjelm, Family First senator Bob Day, Motoring Enthusiast senator Ricky Muir, DLP senator John Madigan. Independent senator Nick Xenophon was unwell.
Only the Australian Labor party and the Greens voted against repealing the carbon pricing scheme they introduced, which came into effect two years ago.
Leader of the government in the Senate and former climate change minister Penny Wong said repealing the bills meant “this nation will have walked away from a credible and efficient response to climate change”.
Wong said the prime minister Tony Abbott had “staked their political career … on fearmongering and scaremongering and that is what this debate has been about for years”.
“I think future generations will look back on these bills and they will be appalled … at the short-sighted, opportunistic selfish politics of those opposite and Mr Abbott will go down as one of the most short-sighted, selfish and small people ever to occupy the office of prime minister.”
Government backbencher Ian Macdonald accused opposition parties of being hypocrites for refusing to accept the will of the voters and said that while they had “an open mind”, they would like to point out that Brisbane had recently had its coldest day in 113 years.
Greens leader Christine Milne said it was “a vote for failure” amid interjections from government backbenchers that they should “get over it” because the parliament was “respecting the will of the Australian people”.
Senate votes on carbon tax. How the Senate voted
The bills passed 39:32. There was none of the jubilation that accompanied their passage in the lower house, but the leader of the government in the Senate, Eric Abetz, shook hands with backbench senator Cory Bernardi, who led the revolt against Malcolm Turnbull when, as leader of the opposition, they backed Labor's carbon pricing scheme.
The tax was $25.40 a tonne and was scheduled to move to the floating and lower international price in 12 months.
The repeal will cost the budget around $7bn over the next four years as around 350 businesses, mainly electricity generators and big manufacturers, no longer have to pay the tax.
The government argues the carbon pricing scheme has been ineffective, but national emissions have actually fallen by 0.8% in the first calendar year of its operation, the largest fall in 24 years of records. Since the tax began, emissions from the east coast electricity market have fallen 11%, but emissions from other sources – especially coal and gas mining have increased.
The government also says households will be better off by an average $550 – the amount treasury estimated prices would rise when the tax was introduced – but supermarkets and airlines are now saying consumers should not expect price reductions.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission's special powers are to monitor and enforce only electricity and gas price reductions. Electricity bills will rise, but by an estimated 9% less than they otherwise would. Gas bills will rise by an estimated 7% less than they would have with the tax still in place.
The Abbott government says it will now achieve the target of a 5% reduction in Australian emissions compared with 2000 levels by 2020 with its Direct Action policy, which will offer $2.5bn in competitive grants over the next four years to companies and organisations voluntarily reducing emissions. The budget actually allocated only $1.14bn over the four-year forward estimates for the scheme. The government said this is because they will pay on delivery of the abatement. The policy is voluntary and puts no overall cap on emissions.
The government itself has not modelled Direct Action (Abbott said they would prefer to “have a crack”), but two other modelling exercises found even the 5% cut would cost far more than $2.5bn, and the independent climate change authority – which the government is seeking to abolish – has said Australia's “fair share” of international emissions reductions has now increased to between 15% and 19% by 2020.
The government says it is sure Direct Action will meet the 5% target, but Abbott has said they will not allocate any more money even if it does not, and has not said how they would make deeper reductions in Australia's emissions which are likely to be required after the United Nations meeting to try to forge a new post-2020 climate agreement in Paris next year.
Malcolm Turnbull warned of the long-term costs of the policy in a speech to parliament after they were deposed as leader because of their support for an emissions trading scheme, when they said Direct Action style schemes were “a recipe for fiscal recklessness on a grand scale”.
The carbon price repeal bills were voted down in the Senate last week after a last-minute change to a Palmer United party amendment was ruled to be unconstitutional by the clerk of the Senate. The government had been prepared to accept the amendment but then changed it again over the weekend after business groups raised major concerns.
Business groups welcomed the repeal as a “first step” towards achieving an effective emissions reduction policy.
The Business Council of Australia, the Minerals Council of Australia and the Australian Industry Group called on the government to “develop and implement a cost-effective emissions reduction fund” as “part of a toolkit of measures to reduce emissions”.
But the Climate Institute thinktank said that “by repealing laws that price and limit carbon pollution, Australia today became the world's first country to dismantle a functioning and effective carbon market, taking a monumentally reckless backward leap even as other major countries are stepping up climate action”.
And the Australian Conservation Foundation said: “This backwards step makes Australia an international embarrassment.”
Describing it as a “tragic day”, Greens leader senator Christine Milne said after the vote that “the big polluters should pay for the destruction they are causing to the planet”. They accused the Coalition of “wanting to cost-shift the burden of climate change onto the community and away from the people who are causing it”.
Both Labor and the Greens say they remain committed to carbon pricing as the best way to reduce emissions.
Speaking after the vote, agriculture minister Barnaby Joyce said the tax had imposed high costs on families, and questioned whether it was needed, saying “look at the weather today, look at the way you are dressed, no one thinks it is too hot”.
“I believe there is climate change happening, I just don't believe we are going to change it with a broad-based consumption tax.”
“I am glad the carbon tax has been axed … we have Direct Action and there are programs that hopefully can assist … but the idea that somehow we inflict on every household the fact that we would attack their power prices to the Australian taxation offices. They took it to the Australian people and the Australian people rejected it,” Joyce said.
The Total War: Warhammer II developers are working hard to accommodate the original Total War: Warhammer.
Need more strategy games to whet your whistle? Check out some of the best strategy games on PC.
Our Rich spoke with Total War: Warhammer II lead writer Andy Hall about how the game is being tweaked going forward to ensure the individual setpieces in this sequel work in tandem with the original game.
The new tweaks are necessary updates according to Hall, meant to include the new races that will be implemented in the mega campaign Total War: Warhammer II will include.
“It will introduce a lot of new races who will have their own features and unique strengths that wouldn't necessarily work with what we had in Warhammer 1,” Hall explained. “So we had to go back to Warhammer I content and add new stuff to flesh it out.
For instance, as Hall pointed out during the interview, one thing the team is doing rehauling the capital settlements. “Previously in Warhammer I had six slots to put buildings in, but now we've increased that to eight.”
Similarly, dragons are now able to breathe fire, so changes will be made to ensure all of the dragons in Warhammer I will also be able to breathe fire.
With all the updates and patches incoming to keep the two games viable, developer Mark Sinclair made it clear to us that this wouldn't start a trend, stating that Total War: Warhammer wouldn't “be like League of Legends” in that respect.
“We're going to make sure that these races that were first designed in 2014 can still be competitive with whatever we bring out in Warhammer III, so we're definitely making sure we're updating it.”
The team is similarly focused on “making sure [Total War: Warhammer II] is not the poor cousin of Warhammer III or anything like that.”
Monday, March 16, 2015 at 8:56AM
This is a guest post by Oleksiy Kovyrin, Head of Technical Operations at Swiftype. Swiftype currently powers search on over 100,000 websites and serves more than 1 billion queries every month.
When Matt and Quin founded Swiftype in 2012, they chose to build the company's infrastructure using Amazon Web Services. The cloud seemed like the best fit because it was easy to add new servers without managing hardware and there were no upfront costs.
Unfortunately, while some of the services (like Route53 and S3) ended up being really useful and incredibly stable for us, the decision to use EC2 created several major problems that plagued the team during our first year.
Swiftype's customers demand exceptional performance and always-on availability and our ability to provide that is heavily dependent on how stable and reliable our basic infrastructure is. With Amazon we experienced networking issues, hanging VM instances, unpredictable performance degradation (probably due to noisy neighbors sharing our hardware, but there was no way to know) and numerous other problems. No matter what problems we experienced, Amazon always had the same solution: pay Amazon more money by purchasing redundant or higher-end services.
The more time we spent working around the problems with EC2, the less time we could spend developing new features for our customers. We knew it was possible to make our infrastructure work in the cloud, but the effort, time and resources it would take to do so was much greater than migrating away.
After a year of fighting the cloud, we made a decision to leave EC2 for real hardware. Fortunately, this no longer means buying your own servers and racking them up in a colo. Managed hosting providers facilitate a good balance of physical hardware, virtualized instances, and rapid provisioning. Given our previous experience with hosting providers, we made the decision to choose SoftLayer. Their excellent service and infrastructure quality, provisioning speed, and customer support made them the best choice for us.
After more than a month of hard work preparing the inter-data center migration, we were able to execute the transition with zero downtime and no negative impact on our customers. The migration to real hardware resulted in enormous improvements in service stability from day one, provided a huge (~2x) performance boost to all key infrastructure components, and reduced our monthly hosting bill by ~50%.
This article will explain how we planned for and implemented the migration process, detail the performance improvements we saw after the transition, and offer insight for younger companies about when it might make sense to do the same.
Preparing for the switch
Before the migration, we had around 40 instances on Amazon EC2. We would experience a serious production issue (instance outage, networking issue, etc) at least 2-3 times a week, sometimes daily. Once we decided to move to real hardware, we knew we had our work cut out for us because we needed to switch data centers without bringing down the service. The preparation process involved two major steps, each of which has a dedicated explanation in their own sections below:
Connecting EC2 and SoftLayer. First, we built a skeleton of our new infrastructure (the smallest subset of servers to be able to run all key production services with development-level load) in SoftLayer's data center. Once the new data center was set up, we built a system of VPN tunnels between our old and our new data centers to ensure transparent network connectivity between components in both data centers. Architectural changes to our applications. Next, we needed to make changes to our applications to make them work both in the cloud and on our new infrastructure. Once the application could live in both data centers simultaneously, we built a data-replication pipeline to make sure both the cloud infrastructure and the SoftLayer deployment (databases, search indexes, etc) were always in-sync.
Step 1: Connecting EC2 and Softlayer
One of the first things we had to do to prepare for our migration was figure out how to connect our EC2 and our SoftLayer networks together. Unfortunately the “proper” way of connecting a set of EC2 servers to another private network – using the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) feature of EC2 – was not an option for us since we could not convert our existing set of instances into a VPC without downtime. After some consideration and careful planning, we realized that the only servers that really needed to be able to connect to each other across the data center boundary were our MongoDB nodes. Everything else we could make data center-local (Redis clusters, search servers, application clusters, etc).
Since the number of instances we needed to interconnect was relatively small, we implemented a very simple solution that proved to be stable and effective for our needs:
Each data center had a dedicated OpenVPN server deployed in it that NAT'ed all client traffic to its private network address.
Each node that needed to be able to connect to another data center would set up a VPN channel there and set up local routing to properly forward all connections directed at the other DC into that tunnel.
Here are some features that made this configuration very convenient for us:
Since we did not control network infrastructure on either side, we could not really force all servers on either end to funnel their traffic through a central router connected to the other DC. In our solution, each VPN server decided (with the help of some automation) which traffic to route through the tunnel to ensure complete inter-DC connectivity for all of its clients.
Even if a VPN tunnel collapsed (surprisingly, this only happened a few times during the weeks of the project), it would only mean one server lost its outgoing connectivity to the other DC (one node dropped out of MongoDB cluster, some worker server would lose connectivity to the central Resque box, etc). None of those one-off connectivity losses would affect our infrastructure since all important infrastructure components had redundant servers on both sides.
Step 2: Architectural changes to our applications
There were many small changes we had to make in our infrastructure in the weeks of preparation for the migration, but having deep understanding of each and every component of it helped us make appropriate decisions reducing a chance of a disaster during the transitional period. I would argue that infrastructure of almost any complexity could be migrated with enough time and engineering resources to carefully consider each and every network connection established between applications and backend services.
Here are the main steps we had to take to ensure smooth and transparent migration:
All stateless services (caches, application clusters, web layer) were independently deployed on each side.
For each stateful backend service (database, search cluster, async queues, etc) we had to consider if we wanted (or could afford to) replicate the data to the other side or if we had to incur inter-data center latency for all connections. Relying on the VPN was always considered the last resort option and eventually we were able to reduce the amount of traffic between data centers to a few small streams of replication (mostly MongoDB) and connections to primary/main copies of services that could not be replicated.
If a service could be replicated, we would do that and then make application servers always use or prefer the local copy of the service instead of going to the other side.
For services that we could not replicate with their internal replication capabilities (like our search backends) we made the changes in our application to implement replication between data centers where asynchronous workers on each side would pull the data from their respective queues and we would always write all asynchronous jobs into queues for both data centers.
Step 3: Flipping the switch
When both sides were ready to serve 100% of our traffic, we prepared for the final switchover by reducing our DNS TTL down to a few seconds to ensure fast traffic change.
Finally, we switched traffic to the new data center. Requests switched to the new infrastructure with zero impact on our customers. Once traffic to EC2 had drained, we disabled the old data center and forwarded all remaining connections from the old infrastructure to the new one. DNS updates take time, so some residual traffic was visible on our old servers for at least a week after the cut-off time.
A clear improvement: Results after moving from EC2 to real hardware
Stability improved. We went from 2-3 serious outages a week (most of these were not customer-visible, since we did our best to make the system resilient to failures, but many outages would wake someone up or force someone to abandon family time) down to 1-2 outages a month, which we were able to handle more thoroughly by spending engineering resources on increasing system resilience to failures and reducing a chance of them making any impact on our customer-visible availability.
Performance improved. Thanks to the modern hardware available from SoftLayer we have seen a consistent performance increase for all of our backend services (especially IO-bound ones like databases and search clusters, but for CPU-bound app servers as well) and, what is more important, the performance was much more predictable: no sudden dips or spikes unrelated to our own software's activity. This allowed us to start working on real capacity planning instead of throwing more slow instances at all performance problems.
Costs decreased. Last, but certainly not least for a young startup, the monthly cost of our infrastructure dropped by at least 50%, which allowed us to over-provision some of the services to improve performance and stability even further, greatly benefiting our customers.
Provisioning flexibility improved, but provisioning time increased. We are now able to exactly specify servers to meet their workload (lots of disk doesn't mean we need a powerful CPU). However, we can no longer start new servers in minutes with an API call. SoftLayer generally can add a new server to our fleet within 1-2 hours. This is a big trade-off for some companies, but it was one that works well for Swiftype.
Conclusion
Since switching to real hardware, we've grown considerably – our data and query volume is up 20x – but our API performance is better than ever. Knowing exactly how our servers will perform lets us plan for growth in a way we couldn't before.
In our experience, the cloud may be a good idea when you need to rapidly spin up new hardware, but it only works well when you're making a huge (Netflix-level) effort to survive in it. If your goal is to build a business from day one and you do not have spare engineering resources to spend on paying the “cloud tax”, using real hardware may be a much better idea.
If you're passionate about engineering at the intersection of software and infrastructure, Swiftype is hiring Senior Technical Operations Engineers.
On Hacker News
On reddit
John Bateman joined Wigan from Bradford Bulls in 2013
Wigan and England forward John Bateman has signed a contract extension which will keep them at the club until 2017, with an option for a further year.
The contract allows Bateman to join an NRL side in 2019 in return for a fee.
The 22-year-old made 31 appearances this season, as Wigan lost in the Super League Grand Final to Leeds Rhinos.
"John has shown on many occasions that they are one of the finest talents in the English game," chairperson Ian Lenegan told the club website.
"His performances on the field are of the highest order and this new contract reflects their standing within the Wigan team.
"John does not envisage going to the NRL in the near future but this contract protects the Wigan club should John wish to play in the NRL in the future."
Bateman has not yet been capped by England, but was named in Steve McNamara's squad for the upcoming series against New Zealand and France.
Botswana court allows women to inherit
Posted
In a landmark ruling Botswana's High Court has overturned a customary law which prevents women from inheriting the family home.
Local customary laws allowed only men to inherit, meaning women could be left homeless when their husbands or other male relatives died.
On Friday judge Key Dingake ruled that the law contravenes the constitution, which guarantees equality for men and women.
"It seems to me that the time has now arisen for the justices of this court to assume the role of the judicial midwife and assist in the birth of a new world struggling to be born," they said.
"Discrimination against gender has no place in our modern day society."
They also urged the government to take all discriminatory laws off the statute books.
The case had been brought in 2007 by a group of sisters, all aged over 65, whose claim to family property is challenged by their 63-year-old nephew, and the High Court began hearing it in May.
Two of the women were in court to greet the ruling with cheers and broad smiles.
"Tonight I will sleep like a baby," declared 79-year-old Edith Mmusi.
While there was jubilation from the applicants, their lawyer and sympathisers, defendant Molefi Ramantele said the court had undermined the country's culture.
"This is a sad day for me, I am saddened by this ruling. People should learn to respect our culture," they said.
'Victory for women'
According to Tswana custom the family home is either inherited by the first-born or last-born son, depending on tribe.
A series of lower courts and the government had earlier rejected the women's case.
Attorney-general Athalia Molokomme earlier argued that "Botswana being a culturally inclined nation" meant that scrapping customary inheritance laws was not in line with the "public mood".
"The public interest ... always has to be a factor of consideration," they said.
But Friday's judgment was welcomed by advocacy groups, who declared it a victory for a region where women are too often treated as second class citizens.
According to advocacy group Social Watch, sub-Saharan Africa is among the world's most inequitable regions.
While the gender gap in Botswana is narrower than the global average, activists say significant legal, economic and cultural hurdles remain.
"We are celebrating victory of women, this is the best judgment ever," said Priti Patel, deputy director of the Southern Africa Litigation Centre.
"This is a significant step forward for women's rights not only in Botswana but in the southern Africa region, where many countries are addressing similar discriminatory laws."
AFP
Topics: world-politics, women, botswana
Former president of the New Zealand Council of Trade Unions Helen Kelly says their battle for access to medical cannabis is taking an emotional toll.
Terminally ill former trade unions boss Helen Kelly wants a referendum on whether cannabis should be legalised, and says they are talking to MPs about making it happen.
Kelly, who has lung cancer, has been taking cannabis oil sourced from the black market to relieve their pain and believes it is "absolutely ludicrous" New Zealand's laws have forced them to do so.
"If we can have a referendum on the New Zealand flag, then we can have a referendum on this issue," they said on Saturday.
REUTERS Is it time for the New Zealand public to have its say on whether medicinal cannabis should be legal?
Kelly only uses cannabis oil at night to relieve their pain and help them sleep, saying it has been "wonderful" and does not make them sick like morphine does.
They were diagnosed with cancer in February 2015 and went public with their cannabis oil use later that year.
READ MORE
* John Key says no to debate on medicinal marijuana
* Kelly says Government needs to get real about medicinal cannabis
* Union boss Helen Kelly prepares to step down
* Helen Kelly on cancer and dying
CHRIS SKELTON/FAIRFAX NZ Associate Health Minister Peter Dunne has backed the idea of clinical trials for medicinal cannabis in the past.
They have also been trying to get permission from the Ministry of Health to legally access medicinal cannabis for their pain relief, but says the hoops they need to jump through are both "absurd" and taking their toll emotionally.
Kelly would prefer the Government simply step in and fix the law to improve access to medicinal cannabis for Kiwis, which they say would put the country on par with Australia and the United States.
But given the sensitivity around the issue, it might be worthwhile to see how the public feels about medicinal cannabis once and for all by having a referendum at the next general election in 2017, they said.
"If they [the Government] are worried about public opinion then let's have one."
Kelly said they had talked with some MPs about getting something on the ballot in 2017, and they were on board with the idea.
The issue of whether or not cannabis should be decriminalised could also be addressed, they said.
Associate Health Minister Peter Dunne said it would be inappropriate for them to comment given an application from Kelly would likely end up on their desk at some stage.
But they pointed out there was a procedure in place for access to medical cannabis in this country, which had only been used once, but that application was successful.
In June, Dunne approved the one-off use of a cannabidiol product to treat Nelson teenager Alex Renton for their "status epilepticus", a kind of prolonged seizure. They later died from the condition.
Kelly said Dunne had spent a lot of time and effort recently trying to regulate synthetic cannabis, and it was time the same level of effort was applied to improving our medicinal cannabis laws.
Since speaking out about their cannabis use, Kelly said they had been contacted many Kiwis wanting access to medicinal cannabis, including parents of children with brain tumours, people "zonked out" on morphine who want something less "brain-numbing", and elderly people suffering from arthritis who cannot cope with opiates and are in pain "constantly".
"Some of their stories are absolutely heartbreaking, especially from people with [sick] kids who are desperate," they said.
"It's quite stressful because there are a lot of families out there who are hoping I get a breakthrough."
In a recent blog post, Kelly criticised the current criteria for getting access to medicinal cannabis here, which include having to get doctors to support a treatment they are unlikely to know much about, and having to be hospitalised while the treatment is administered.
Kelly said that while they were in some pain, there was still plenty of fight left in them and they would keep pushing for change on this issue.
"It is my view that a good cannabis product will help me live the rest of my life in a better situation than I will without it. The fact I can't do that shows the absurdity of the whole regime."
* Comments on this article have now closed.
When a thief snatched San Francisco Supervisor Scott Wiener's cell phone in December, the towering, Harvard-educated former deputy city attorney responded quickly and coolly under pressure. They negotiated with the suspect to accompany them to a Wells Fargo ATM near the 16th Street Mission BART Station and participate in a swap of $200 for the return of their iPhone 6.
Cell phone theft is among San Francisco's most common street crimes, but the victim in this case, a city official, was far from ordinary. As was one of the charges brought against the suspect, LaSonya Wells — a longtime city resident who's spent their life battling homelessness, domestic violence and addiction between stints of incarceration.
The district attorney's office would charge the 40-year-old African American woman with kidnapping for ransom, an allegation that could have sent them to prison for life.
Wells' attorney has since succeeded in getting the charge dropped. They and 20-year-old son Damian Wells — a co-defendant in the case — still face two felonies and two misdemeanors, including robbery, extortion and grand theft, and the prospect of many years in prison. But the decision by the office of District Attorney George Gascón to bring the kidnapping charge at all is seen by some, including Public Defender Jeff Adachi, as absurd and unfair.
“Like thousands of San Franciscans who have had their phones snatched, it's upsetting — but it's not the crime of the century,” Adachi said. “To see an otherwise ordinary case suddenly be elevated to life in prison is positively medieval. The fact that the D.A. was willing to have a low-level, nonviolent woman die in prison is extremely troubling.”
Adachi said prosecutors may have been motivated by whom the victim was more than by the facts of the crime.
Max Szabo, a spokesperson for the district attorney's office, strongly disputed the suggestion that Wiener's status had any impact on the case, now being handled by Assistant District Attorney John Ullom.
Szabo said the case was charged appropriately and that the decision was not that uncommon. Between January 2015 and July 2016, they said, their office charged counts of kidnapping for ransom in 13 robbery cases. They were unable to elaborate on whether the circumstances of those cases were similar to those in the Wells case.
But Adachi and others argue that Wells' case is an extreme example of the way race and class regularly factor into the city's justice system. That system is now undergoing broad review and reform efforts — from a new bail system to studies of street-level police stops and the sentencing of defendants who are disproportionately poor, African American and Latino.
Wiener testified in court to the following: At around 6 p.m. on Dec. 18, Wells grabbed their phone from their hand as they stood at a red light. When they asked for the phone back, they refused and instead suggested a price for its return. They haggled, and they said they needed to go get the cash.
In court filings, Assistant District Attorney Joseph Frislid argued that once Wiener and Wells were headed to the ATM, they “made an explicit threat to Mace the victim if they tried to escape or call for help,” and implied that a man with them had a gun.
No firearm was seen or ever recovered. But filings by prosecutors state that “after that threatening, fear replaced consent; and it was no longer a case in which the victim acted freely or voluntarily. Rather, they acted under duress and could not excise themselves from the situation without the fear of getting either Maced or shot or both.”
Wiener, who stands 6 feet, 7 inches, has made clear they chose not to escape after their phone was swiped, instead deciding to walk the thieves to the ATM so their faces could be captured on video there. “I think I violated all the rules of what you're supposed to do when you're a victim of crime,” Wiener told a KPIX-TV reporter in December.
Wells' trial is set to begin Aug. 26, and Wiener, a former Fulbright scholar running for state Senate, is expected to testify. They declined to discuss specific issues raised by the case, saying only, “They committed a crime against me, they were apprehended, and they're being prosecuted. I'm sure there will be a fair and just resolution.”
Wiener, who represents the Castro district, joined Gascón in 2011 to launch a city Sentencing Commission that seeks to reduce recidivism, identify alternatives to incarceration, and avoid “unwarranted disparity” in the criminal justice system.
The system is under close scrutiny in San Francisco, after controversial police shootings and the revelation that numerous officers exchanged racist and homophobic text messages. The U.S. Department of Justice is studying the police force, as has a panel of three retired judges created by Gascón, which recently concluded that police need to root out systemic bias.
The statistics being uncovered by such efforts are hard to miss in court each day in San Francisco: African Americans comprise 5.7 percent of the city's population but 57 percent of jail inmates, according to the public defender's office.
One of the judges investigating police practices for the district attorney's office, retired Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge LaDoris Cordell, noted that in many ways, Wells' case is not unlike thousands churning through the criminal justice system here that reveal a power imbalance for people of color.
Only 3 percent of felony cases are resolved by jury trials in San Francisco, a statistic that mirrors the state as a whole. Cordell called the kidnapping charge in the Wells case “ridiculous” and said it appears to be part of a larger pattern of intimidating defendants into forgoing the risk of a trial.
“It is not uncommon for prosecutors to overcharge, pile on charges and then push for plea bargains, especially when it comes to black and brown defendants,” said Cordell, who was Northern California's first female African American judge. “For poor folks and people of color, it's become a fact of life.”
And even though Wells' attorney successfully fought the kidnapping charge, Cordell said, “I'm pretty concerned it was charged at all. My guess is it was charged because of whom the victim is in this case, and if that is true that's pretty sad, because that's just an abuse of the system. It should never happen, never.”
Szabo rebuffed arguments that prosecutors pile on criminal counts to pressure defendants into plea bargains, saying their office “only files charges that we believe we can prove beyond a reasonable doubt in front of 12 San Francisco jurors.”
Wells has a lengthy history with the criminal justice system. She's served three prison terms, one as long as five years. Most of their charges have been drug-related, but they were convicted in 2008 of a non-firearm assault with a deadly weapon.
Wells' public defender, Yali Corea-Levy, said their client has never had much of a chance in life and that the judge in their case needs to know their history to make a fair ruling.
“People know the name Scott Wiener. They don't know the name LaSonya Wells — and my biggest fear is LaSonya is known as ‘the defendant who stole Scott Wiener's phone' when there's so much more to whom this person is,” Corea-Levy said.
The attorney would not allow Wells to discuss the facts of their current case. But in a recent jailhouse interview, Wells described the ways they are trying to improve their life and the harsh path that brought them to 16th and Mission streets in December.
They said she's lived on that street corner off and on since age 12, after an incident where their mother tried to sell them in exchange for drugs. Court filings describe a home life in which their mother worked as a prostitute, left them alone for days at a time, and smoked crack cocaine, a habit Wells would take up themselves at age 10. Them mother, court records say, would hide crack pipes in their diaper “for safekeeping” and fail to protect them from violent attacks by men in their home.
In their adult life, spent mainly on the streets and in abusive relationships, Wells said they have survived 12 suicide attempts and nine overdoses.
While they await trial, Wells said they are trying to make the best of their time in jail. In June, they and their son earned high school diplomas together. When they can get other inmates to come, they said, they lead a nightly prayer circle.
“It helps me not to ever live like that again,” they said of them past.
Wells noted that in all their years in and out of the justice system, Corea-Levy, a Latino, is the first nonwhite attorney she's had, and the first to take their case to trial.
Cordell said the judge in Wells' case will have to look at their behavior behind bars and the “circumstances of their life.” When considering a sentence, Cordell said, a rough history is not an excuse, “but one would hope somebody like Scott Wiener would look at this woman and say: ‘Redemption is important and rehabilitation is important, and all of that needs to happen.'”
Karen de S á is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kdesa @sfchronicle.com
Brandon Meriweather will return for a third season with the Redskins. (LM Otero/Associated Press)
The Washington Redskins have reached an agreement to bring back safety Brandon Meriweather, a person familiar with the situation confirmed.
The Redskins entered free agency hoping to upgrade the safety position, but always remained open to the possibility to bringing the eighth-year veteran back on another contract.
Entering the weekend, Washington had yet to have serious contract negotiations with Meriweather's camp, a person with knowledge of the situation said. But in the past 48 hours, the action picked up, and the two sides came to an agreement. Meriweather agreed to a one-year deal worth $1 million, according to NBC-4, which first reported news of the signing.
This will mark Meriweather's third season with the team, although their first year, they played only one half of a game while riddled by knee injuries. They had surgery to repair a torn anterior cruciate ligament in November of 2012 and last season played in 13 games, recording 69 tackles, a sack, two interceptions and a forced fumble.
Meriweather found themselves at the center of controversy for illegal hits to the head, and they missed one game because of a suspension.
Washington elected not to engage in bidding wars for the top safeties on the free agent market, and saw Meriweather as a better option to many of the remaining players. They have spent the bulk of their career at strong safety, but last season played free safety the majority of the time, out of necessity.
The team remains in negotiations with former Pittsburgh Steelers safety Ryan Clark, but the Baltimore Ravens have interest in them as well.
Washington has young safeties Jose Gumbs, Phillip Thomas and Bacarri Rambo on the roster, but they are all unproven. Gumbs has contributed primarily on special teams, Thomas missed all of their rookie season with a foot injury, and Rambo struggled mightily in their limited action as a rookie last year.
Have a Redskins question? E-mail Mike Jones at mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question” for them to answer it in The Mailbag on Tuesdays.
More from The Post:
Owners might vote next week on a change to instant replay
Griffin and teammates to train in Phoenix next week
Outsider: Closer looks at Roberts, Porter and Sharpton
The Early Lead: Colts' owner Irsay arrested | More NFL
Redskins expected to host T Donald Penn | NFL news | Transactions
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @MarkMaske | @Insider | Insider on Facebook
Indianapolis Voter Registration at 105%
James Joyner · · 33 comments
People in Indianapolis are fired up to vote, with early voting taking place at record levels.
Voter registration is at record levels and new registrations are coming at a torrid pace. Indeed, Paul Ogden does the math and figures that voter registration in Indianapolis and Marion County has exceeded 105 percent of the over-eighteen population, which is quite a feat!
There's a bit of hubbub about this in the blogosphere. Warner Todd Huston thinks the dreaded MSM is missing the story and wonders whether “ACORN, Barack Obama's favorite fraud immersed ‘community organizer'” is behind it. Moe Lane, The Anchoress, Michelle Malkin, Rob Port, and others concur.
Of course, there are perfectly likely non-fraudulent reasons that could be. The 2007 census baseline numbers Ogden's relying on could understate the current population. The voter rolls likely include large numbers of people who have died or moved but will in fact not vote.
Ken Dixon, reporting for the Connecticut Post, notes that there are indeed several ACORN-related “phony registrations” in that state, including the registration of a “7-year-old girl in the Marina Village housing complex, whose age was listed as 27 on the voter card.” Malkin points to other reports in Missouri, Wisconsin, Ohio, and Indiana from credible sources.
In all cases but the last, the numbers are negligible: a handful of obviously fraudulent registrations out of thousands generated from ACORN drives. In Indiana, ACORN turned in 2000 registrations in Lake County, with 1100 of them “no good.”
Elections board Director Sally LaSota “said the flawed forms are incomplete or contain unreadable handwriting — similar to hundreds of other forms ACORN produced prior to this week. They said some ACORN vote canvassers apparently pulled names and addresses from telephone books and forged signatures.”
ACORN says such practices go against their policies and that they have fired those involved. Color me skeptical. Still, it's unclear to me what the upshot of getting away with fraudulent registrations is. Are we going to have the significant number of phantom votes cast, presumably by absentee ballot? There doesn't seem to be much history of that sort of thing.
And they're going to REALLY have to kick it into overdrive in Indiana, which Bush won by 15.7 and 20.7 percent in 2000 and 2004, respectively. Then again, McCain's only got a slight lead in current polls.
UPDATE: A regular commenter emails to note that “[A] lot of groups — including campaigns — reward workers for new registrations. There is clearly a problem in the voter registration process. BUT… that is NOT the same thing as voter fraud. There are virtually no cases of actually voter fraud — or at least no evidence of it. And it isn't as if people have not looked for it.”
I think that's right. There are incentives for shady practices in both voter registration and the culling of voters from the rolls. I don't know what the evidence is, though, for significant fraudulent voting in modern American elections.
FAT
USB sticks are traditionally formatted with FAT 32, because this file system is implemented by almost every operating system and device. Unfortunately, it sucks, as it cannot use more than 2 TiB, store files larger than 2 GiB or store symbolic links for instance. In a word, it is an obsolete and deficient file system.
exFAT
Good news: someone addressed that problem. Bad new: that someone is Microsoft. So as you could expect, exFAT, the extended FAT, is a stinking proprietary, secret and patented file system. There are free implementations of that shit, but it is safer to stay away from it.
UDF to the rescue!
Good news: there is one file system that is implemented almost everywhere as well, and which does not suffer from such limitations. UDF, the Universal Disk Format, is an ISO standard originally designed for DVDs, but it is perfectly usable for USB sticks. It also supports POSIX permissions, with one killer feature for removable media: a file can belong to no specific person or group.
So, to use it, assuming you USB stick is /dev/sdc :
$ dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sdc bs=1M count=1 $ mkudffs -b 512 --media-type=hd /dev/sdc
The initial dd is to erase the existing partition table or file system information, to prevent you USB stick from being detected as a FAT after it has been formatted with UDF.
The -b 512 is to force a file system block size equal to the USB stick's physical block size, as required by the UDF specification. Adapt it if you have the luck of having a USB stick with an more appropriate block size.
After that, your USB stick will be usable for reading and writing with GNU/Linux and the other free operating systems of course, but also with current versions of Windows (read-only with the outdated version XP) and with macOS.
See what's going on this week at your local food market! 200 41st Street South in Avondale Thank you for being a part of Freshfully Market & Café! Last days: Saturday, Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday It has been so much fun to sell local food. We are grateful for the kindness we've received from Coby Lake in letting us do it here in Avondale. We know they're going to continue doing great things in this neighborhood!
We are going to have to take a hiatus from Freshfully, but we hope to land on our feet sometime soon and someplace close.
Please come celebrate our last few days with us! Brooke and I will be here with hugs and love for everyone. Everything in the store will be for sale, including the food and the fixtures (and the hugs). :D
If you have a LivingSocial or Groupon: I'm so sorry that we won't be able to honor these, but you can get a refund from the provider. The café won't be reopening. I think one is still running, so don't buy it.
If you have a membership or prepaid veggie boxes: we will deliver veggie boxes to you for the remainder of your membership period. We'll be in touch about a substitute pick-up location for Avondale. We won't be taking new veggie box orders right now.
If you've ordered a beef box: you'll still be able to pick those up on February 13. We do have 6 more beef boxes available and for sale on the site.
Thank you so much for being a part of the best years of our lives! Thank you thank you!
KEEP IN TOUCH Share this email Follow on Twitter Join on Facebook
Being a vegetarian in the suburbs is way different than being a vegetarian in the city. I've only ever lived in the suburbs, so I'm not used to being a part of such an accommodating society. Example: The equivalent of a 7-11 by my apartment offers a pretty rad selection of hand-made vegetarian sandwiches. Veggie cheesesteaks, Italian Sausages, even BLTs, all delicious and FROM A 7-Eleven FOR GOD'S SAKE. When you go to a bar or restaurant this friendliness persists, deliciousness increasing at a rate humans struggle to perceive.
In fairness, outside the city vegetarian options do exist. They're scarce though that you have your choice of roughly six food types: Pizza, pasta, eggs/breakfast stuff, veggie burgers and the dreaded grilled cheese. After 6 years, that gets pretty old.
<3 Mike
SUNDAY VIDEO:
An old favorite.
When I first arrived on tour, several veterans were kind enough to share a few words of wisdom. The most common guidance was, without fail, to “stop and smell the roses.”
The ensuing two decades have flown by, and it's hard to believe I'm now cast in the elder-statesman role. While I probably could've done a better job heeding their advice during my career, it still resonates with me to this day.
Lydia Ko is exceptionally talented, mature beyond their years and well liked by golf fans and competitors alike.  They are responsible for sparking increased interest in our sport not just in their native South Korea and adopted homeland of New Zealand but also among juniors across the globe.
Them early, record-breaking success brings with it incredible pressure — and she's doing a fantastic job handling the many responsibilities that accompany stardom. Them future is very bright. All I can add is to enjoy the ride!
Sorenstam, an eight-time LPGA player of the year, is a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame
Intelligence agencies in Great Britain and other European countries intercepted communications between Trump staffers and Russian officials during the 2o16 campaign, and shared that information with the United States, according to reports in The Guardian and CNN.
The Guardian first reported the revelation on Thursday, and CNN later confirmed that the foreign agencies caught those communications.
GCHQ first noticed “interactions” in late 2015 and over the next six months several intelligence agencies in the West caught communications between Trump staffers and Russian officials, according to The Guardian. The countries that shared information with the U.S. in addition to the U.K. included Germany, Poland, Estonia and Australia, per The Guardian.
The Guardian reported that “GCHQ played an early, prominent role in kickstarting the FBI's Trump-Russia investigation.”
The British and European agencies were not conducting surveillance of aides to President Donald Trump, but were conducting surveillance of Russian officials, according to CNN.
The revelation follows a claim by Fox News analyst Andrew Napolitano that the U.S. asked Great Britain to spy on Trump. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer then cited Napolitano to back up Trump's unsubstantiated claim that Trump Tower was wiretapped. GCHQ denied Napolitano's claim, calling it “utterly ridiculous,” and the White House later apologized for parroting it.
However, the reports in The Guardian and CNN did not suggest that the U.S. asked other intelligence agencies to surveil Trump staffers. Both outlets reported that the foreign intelligence agencies picked up the communications while surveilling Russian officials.
James Eric Berry was born December 29, 1988 in Fairburn, Georgia. In high school in Georgia, all Berry did as the starting quarterback and cornerback was compiled a 37-5 record. They were considered the best player in the state of Georgia and the best cornerback in the nation. Rivals.com had them ranked as the No. 3 overall recruit.
in 2007, Berry would leave the state of Georgia and attend the University Tennessee, where they would become an instant star. The safety was named SEC Defensive Freshman of the Year. In 2008, 2009 they were a unanimous All-American.
After forgoing their senior season, the Kansas City Chiefs selected Berry as the fifth overall draft pick, which made them the highest defensive back taken since Sean Taylor. While a member of the Chiefs, Berry has been a tackling machine and a three-time Pro Bowl selection.
Unfortunately, Berry's season this year was cut short with a shocking diagnosis. After complaining of chest pain during a game against the Oakland Raiders, doctors discovered a mass on their chest. On December 8, it was confirmed to be Hodgkin's lymphoma. Berry is currently undergoing treatment and doctors believe it's a very treatable cancer.
Here's to you Eric Berry and all of us from ThePostGame staff wishing you the best in your recovery.
Check out more famous birthday sports history in Throwback on ThePostGame.
Drugs are people substitutes, people are drug substitutes¹
As a counsellor I prefer the term “drug use” rather than “addiction.” For many, addiction implies “bad behaviour” and can foster stigma and disempowerment for drug using individuals. One of the main characteristics of counselling is acceptance without judgment, especially when talking about sex with drugs. People use drugs for a reason, often to meet unfulfilled needs. Crystal meth was the most used illicit drug in the gay community during the 90s and early 2000s. While I am not an addictions specialist, about half of the gay men I see for therapy have current or past history of crystal meth problems. A common reason for gay men to use crystal meth relates to social and sexual inhibition and lack of connection to people.
Aspects of gay male subculture are dominated by sex. Within any medium size community, gay men can find sex within 10 minutes via phone apps. While such “hook-ups” frequently result in sexual release, they often do not meet their emotional needs. Many gay men struggle and cope with feelings of being different, or may have experienced various forms of abuse, and therefore question if they are lovable. Crystal may temporarily help users feel free of judgment, facilitate emotional connection with others and provide great pleasure with sexual partners.Crystal can also partially fulfill one's sexual needs or fantasies, (i.e. engaging in “pig sex”), that otherwise might never be explored due to internal and/or external inhibitions. With reflection and support, these men often identify their desire for connectedness as the most important aspect of being high. Many report that without crystal, sex is boring because they are inhibited and cannot emotionally connect.
Crystal meth is not the problem but the symptom: the symptom of being unable to be free and spontaneous and therefore cannot connect with others. Thus, the primary goal of therapy is not to stop crystal use, but rather to assist the person in acquiring the skills needed to have uninhibited, drug-free and meaningful sex while feeling more connected with partners. This approach may require the therapist to be sexually open and sensitive to these topics in order to assist gay men to more intimately explore their sexual feelings and needs. As counsellors we need to lay the foundations of a nurturing therapeutic relationship that refrains from labels and judgments that disempower a person. It seems with gay men and crystal use that, truly “drugs are people substitutes,” and with support, ideally “people can become drug substitutes.”
Author: Bill Coleman, counsellor
Biography: Most of Bill's career has been working with criminals, primarily sexual criminals. They also work in the area of sexual health. Much of their work here has been with gay men at BC Centre for Disease Control, and many years in private practice. They have also written for the LGBT newspaper, Xtra, on gay men and health. www.bcoleman.ca
¹ (Blachly, 1970) Seduction: A Conceptual Model in the Drug Dependencies and Other Contagious Ills, Paul H. Blachly, M.D., 1970, Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, Illinois.
**Please note that the material presented here does not necessarily imply endorsement or agreement by individuals at the Centre for Addictions Research of BC
Advertisements
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
One person died after a "chain-reaction" caused a four-vehicle crash and SigAlert on the 60 Freeway in Diamond Bar Sunday morning.
Responding officers began arriving to the scene on the eastbound 60 Freeway between Fairway Drive and Brea Canyon Road around 4:30 a.m.
The chain reaction began after two vehicles crashed and became disabled in the carpool and adjacent lane, leaving a white SUV vehicle facing the wrong way, California Highway Patrol Officer Robert Reyes said.
A third vehicle then crashed head-on into the SUV, causing it to catch fire.
Multiple passengers attempted to extricate the trapped SUV driver when a fourth vehicle became involved.
"As they were assisting the driver of the SUV a fourth vehicle in the HOV (high-occupancy vehicle) lane struck what were essentially pedestrians," Reyes said.
One person died and at least two sustained major injuries, they said. CHP Officer Tony Polizzi previously said three were critically injured.
All lanes on the eastbound 60 Freeways were closed and a SigAlert was issued around 5 a.m.
The SigAlert was cancelled around 8 a.m., CHP tweeted.
News in Science
Magpies point to danger
Clever birds Pointing may be rude in the human world, but a new study has found magpies use it to communicate danger.
In doing so, they may be the first example of a species other than humans and chimpanzees to use this communication method, proving that they have higher cognitive abilities than previously thought, says Professor Gisela Kaplan from the University of New England.
Pointing is thought to be related to the development of language but "up until now all the literature has assumed that you need hands and arms to gesture," says Kaplan.
"But I don't think that's true anymore and [this study] it undercuts that assumption," they say of their research, which appears online ahead of publication of the upcoming issue of Current Zoology.
It was a chance discovery that magpies (Gymnorhina tibicen) appeared to call out and point towards a wounded wedgetail eagle under a tree that led Kaplan to conduct further research into the birds' behaviour.
To test their theory that the behaviour was more than just mere imitation, they set up three scenarios on three different groups of birds and repeated them the following year.
On the lookout
In the first scenario Kaplan placed a realistic-looking stuffed eagle in an open field to simulate a naturalistic setting. In the second scenario they placed the eagle under shrubs or trees so that the eagle was visible, but couldn't be swooped, and in the third scenario they completely hid the eagle in shrubbery.
In each case they observed the birds' behaviour noting whether they held their body in a pointing position for a prolonged period, exhibited exaggerated side-to-side head movements, looked up in the sky, or turned their heads and held their eye gaze in the direction of the eagle.
Kaplan says the magpies exhibited more pointing behaviour when the eagle was completely hidden from sight.
"The more naturalistic it got the more the normal responses [such as swooping] took over. But during the hidden condition, even though it was an unusual event ... they can communicate at an even more intense visual level."
According to Kaplan, when the first magpie spotted the eagle it sent out an eagle-alert call and pointed towards the eagle. The next magpie to fly in would either look at the first bird or look up in the air to where it would expect to find the eagle. It would then turn back at the first magpie and follow its body direction line of gaze until it too spotted the eagle and started pointing. The first bird would continue to point until the last bird, which didn't point joined the group.
"They actually used the direction of the other to then find the eagle. They looked up, they looked in the direction of the magpie and when they finally spotted it then they adopted that posture," says Kaplan. "It was really quite unmistakeable."
Not swooping or imitating
They say the pointing behaviour cannot be explained as a swooping posture or an act of imitation.
"The pointing is one line of the neck and beak with the back downwards which is very difficult to maintain because they vocalise at the same time and give an eagle alarm call," says Kaplan.
"They didn't just imitate each other by lining up on a branch on a perch, they were somehow always parallel to the other one.
"By ruling out all the other [explanations] there is only … one simple explanation possible that the discoverer of the eagle in that unusual hidden position was trying to communicate to the others.
"So it's very clear that there's a cognitive process happening."
Dr K-Lynn Smith who is a behavioural biologist in the School of Biology at Macquarie University says the research is very interesting and could generate more studies in the area.
"It is entirely probable that birds use referential visual signals to indicate events that are external to themselves," says Smith.
"We know from work with chickens that they use visual display to use proximal pointing with their beak to say 'this food item is at my feet so come and get it'."
"So I think it's entirely possible that birds may be able to follow body posture and gaze direction," they say.
What does the future hold as Europe slides, ever more hopelessly, towards the abyss? As David Cameron has pointed out, there have been 18 EU summits since they became Prime Minister little more than two years ago, and none of them has produced anything remotely resembling a solution.
The stand-off got a whole lot worse this week. France and Germany are now in open conflict over the way forward, if indeed there is one. For the UK, already bleeding badly from the after-effects of the financial crisis, the situation could scarcely look more threatening.
The fiscal consolidation chosen by the Coalition was always likely to have a negative impact on output, at least in the short term. To make it work, the Government needed the following wind of decent growth elsewhere in the world economy. Instead, it's facing a hurricane. We look set to be broken by the storm.
But fear not – salvation is at hand. Next week, there comes to these shores a Messiah, a prophet of great wisdom and understanding whose teachings promise to vanquish despair and “end this depression”.  They are Prof Paul Krugman, a superstar polemicist who has been described by The Economist as “the most celebrated economist of their generation”. Actually, “celebrated” is not exactly the right word, for Krugman divides opinion like no other. To their followers, he's a saint; to their detractors, he's a false prophet with satanic intent.
I've been a little misleading here. He's not really coming to Britain to save us, but rather to promote their latest book, End This Depression Now! Krugman is an economist with attitude, and they think Britain is in the midst of a “massive blunder” in economic policy. The UK is the very worst example of austerity economics, they believe, for unlike the poor beleaguered nations of the eurozone periphery, we've not had this misery forced on us by the ghastly euro, but have opted for it as an unnecessary penance for the sins of the boom. If only we could be persuaded to forsake “Osbornomics” and tread the path originally set out by our dearly beloved former leader, Gordon Brown – that of spending our way back to growth – then all would be well again.
Put like that, of course, it sounds ridiculous, but the fact that Krugman is a Nobel prize-winning economist gives Labour's calls for a U-turn on the economy an intellectual credibility they would otherwise struggle to attain.
All the great economists – from Adam Smith to John Maynard Keynes – were as many moral philosophers as dispassionate analysts of events, and Krugman is no exception, preaching their message with all the passion of the religious zealot. They feel our pain and begs us to let them help. “The road out of depression and back to full employment is still wide open,” they insist. “We don't have to suffer like this.”
Krugman may appear loud and radical, but they follow a fairly standard Keynesian text. By their own admission, the social cost of the present downturn doesn't come anywhere close to the Great Depression of the interwar years, or not yet. Nonetheless, there are parallels, and we already meet Keynes's classic definition of a depression as a “chronic condition of subnormal activity for a considerable period without any marked tendency either towards recovery or towards complete collapse”.
In such circumstances, monetary policy can help, but only up to a point. In a depression, even those with the balance sheet strength to spend and invest won't do so, whatever the encouragement offered through ultra-low interest rates. It follows that governments should step into the breach and do the job instead, as a kind of spender of last resort. They can worry about the accumulated debt later, once output has picked up again.
To Krugman, it's understandable that policymakers screwed up so monumentally in the Great Depression; they didn't understand what was going on and there was no template for the circumstances they found themselves in. To their mind, there is no excuse this time around; it's textbook stuff, which is being wilfully ignored.
But haven't we already tried borrowing to stimulate? And what did it deliver other than fiscal ruin, which in the eurozone periphery is so serious that markets have stopped lending altogether? Krugman has an answer for these questions, too. It's not the policy that was wrong, merely that the stimulus wasn't big and sustained enough. As for the eurozone, again, it wasn't the policy, but the euro. Countries with their own currencies and central banks won't run into this kind of problem. In extremis, they can always print the money.
Easy peasy, then. What's not to like? Well, I'm sorry, but I just don't buy it. It may or may not be possible for a vast, largely internalised economy such as the US, with its reserve currency status, to run double-digit deficits into the indefinite future without adverse consequences, but for the UK it is a much more questionable policy.
True, Britain has lived with much higher debts relative to GDP in the past, but this has nearly always coincided with major wars. With demilitarisation, much of this borrowing to spend falls away and domestic consumption comes roaring back. No such get-out-of-jail-free card exists this time around. Further, the demographic is completely different from that of the post-war baby boom generation, where growth and therefore debt erosion were more or less guaranteed. Today, the unfunded liabilities of an ageing population stretch menacingly into the long-term future.
As it is, government spending in the UK is already approaching 50 per cent of GDP. Just how high does Prof Krugman propose it should go? It's all very well to say “jobs first” and worry about the deficit later, but once government spending becomes entrenched, it's very difficult to get rid of it. Even Reagan and Thatcher struggled to make significant inroads.
In any case, the picture Krugman presents of wrong-headed British austerity is a caricature of the reality, though one admittedly encouraged by the Coalition's rhetoric. Yesterday's revised GDP figures, showing that the country is even deeper in recession than we thought, would appear to support the mocking tone in which Krugman condemns the idea of “expansionary austerity”. But where is this austerity? In fact, one of the few positive contributors to output in the last quarter was government spending, which grew by 1.6 per cent. Krugman seems to have forgotten the automatic stabilisers, which because of our welfare state are considerably bigger than in the US. In America, much current UK spending would count as a discretionary fiscal stimulus of the sort End This Depression Now! advocates.
As Raghuram Rajan, a former IMF chief economist, has argued, today's troubles are not simply the result of inadequate demand, but of major changes in the world economy brought about by globalisation. The old monopoly of knowledge and expertise once enjoyed by advanced economies has been swept away. For decades, we compensated for the jobs and income lost to technology and cheaper foreign competition with unaffordable government spending and easy credit. Much of the growth enjoyed in these pre-crisis years was simply unsustainable.
Paul Krugman's message is seductive, but it's also unrealistic. If only the solutions to our plight were as simple as they think.
On this episode of Reveal, three stories of men are at the center of controversy.
He's been punched on the streets of Washington, D.C., and kicked out of a major conservative political gathering, and yet white nationalist Richard Spencer has left Montana to set up shop in the nation's capital. What do they have to show for it?
A Marine veteran breaks the news of hundreds – possibly thousands – of naked photographs of female service members being shared online. We hear their story.
Nearly 30 years ago, six firefighters in Kansas City, Missouri, died in an arson explosion that shook the city. Reveal follows a man in the case who was sent to prison for life as he's released and reunited with their family.
Head over to revealnews.org for more of our reporting.
Follow us on Facebook at fb.com/ThisIsReveal and on Twitter @reveal.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, stories and insider events. Please enter a valid email address Oops, something went wrong! Sign Up Try Again You've signed up to receive emails. Please check your email for a welcome confirmation.
And to see some of what you're hearing, we're also on Instagram @revealnews.
Chris Evans Workout: How To Get Ripped
Get the impressive workout that transformed Chris Evans' body from your ordinary, everyday human to the patriotic soldier Captain America.
Doing the Chris Evans workout to look like Captain America won't be much help if you're not in it for the long haul. Chris Evans themselves has always been very consistent with their workout routine.
This isn't so surprising since we all know Chris as the ripped, muscular guy who first appeared in the 2001 teenybopper comedy “Not Another Teen Movie”. Since then, they went on to play lead roles in comic superhero and action flicks, such as “Fantastic Four” and “The Losers”.
But Chris says it's not necessary to go crazy over the workouts. Pushing yourself too far and crossing your limits is definitely not healthy when it comes to dieting and exercise. They were even quoted as saying that diets and treadmills seemed very much “like pulling out teeth.” Enjoying yourself is a big thing for him, but that soon changed when “Captain America: The First Avenger” rolled around.
The Chris Evans Workout Philosophy
Chris Evans has always had a superhero bod, but Captain America is no ordinary superhero.  They are a muscle-packed soldier that embodies everything that is America. For this role, Chris had to go way beyond what they thought they could do to beef up, and it definitely wasn't easy for him.
In fact, in an interview with Lindsay Miller of PopSugar, they admit the four-month workout specially sponsored by the producers of “Captain America”, was no fun at all.
“We did two hours a day, and it was brutal. I usually like working out. Going in sucks, but walking out, you're like, ‘I'm glad I did that!' This was different. I'd walk out and I'd be like, ‘I need to vomit. I hate this trainer. I hate this movie. I want to go to sleep for a week.' It was just relentless,” they say.
But with dedication and lots of prompting from their trainer Simon Waterson, all that painstakingly hard work paid off.
The Chris Evans Workout for “Captain America”
The workout routine that transformed Chris from a lean and muscular Human Torch to a more powerfully built Captain America consists mainly of a combination of bodyweight exercises and compound exercises.
Bodyweight exercises, which are considered strength training exercises, do not require the use of free weights. Chris' weight itself provided the resistance for their movements. Compound exercises, on the other hand, use weights. They are considered more effective than isolated exercises because they concentrate on several muscle groups at once.
Here is a sample workout routine for getting a body as ripped as Chris Evans'. Each exercise is done for four sets of 30 seconds, with as much reps as possible and a rest period of two minutes in between. Everyday, the exercises target a different muscle group and are not repeated for the rest of the week to give the muscles time to repair themselves and grow.
click here… To get the workouts and diets that will give ripped abs and muscles in 60 days like Chris Evans,
Monday
Shoulders
Seated barbell push
Lateral boosts
Dumbbell press
Seated rear deltoid raise
Shrugs
10-minute HITT workout on treadmill
Tuesday
Chest
Flat bench press
Incline chest press
Bench flyes
Decline chest press
Push ups on bosu ball
Wednesday
Legs
Barbell squats
Leg press
Hack squats
Lunges
Seated calf raises
10-minute HITT workout on treadmill
Thursday
Biceps and Triceps
Barbell bicep curls
Skull crushers
Incline seated bicep curls
Dips cable hammer curls
Close-grip bench press
Friday
Back
Pulls-ups
Seated row
Lateral pulldowns
Stiff leg barbell deadlift
Bent over barbell row
10-minute HITT workout on treadmill
Friday, Saturday and Sunday – Rest Day
The Chris Evans workout is all about pushing yourself to the limit. If you think you can stand it, reduce your rest days to once a week. Always have at least one rest day, though.
The Chris Evans Diet Plan
Chris shares with PopSugar how they feel about the diet plan customized for Captain America: “I've got a fast metabolism and I lose weight very quickly. So for me to get big, it as just eat a lot. Working out sucked, eating sucked more. You get to a point where you just can't even look at another piece of chicken. You're just so bloated, but you just have to keep consuming protein, so that was tricky.”
For your protein sources, Chris suggests that you stack up on, well, lots of chicken, tuna, and free-range turkey. Protein supplements including branched chain amino acid supplements and protein bars and shakes also provide massive power for effectively beefing up through the Chris Evans workout.
Chris Evans Talks About Their Workout For Captain America
Vonnegut 'Letters' Hilarious And Heartbreaking
In their introduction to Kurt Vonnegut: Letters, Dan Wakefield, the book's editor and a longtime Vonnegut karass member, writes of the late author's aspiration to be a "cultivated eccentric." Over the course of six decades of letters to family, friends, admirers, detractors and fellow writers, Vonnegut shows themselves to be so much more, both in terms of ambition and accomplishment. In fact, viewed in its totality, the collection — by turns hilarious, heartbreaking and mundane — is striking in just how uneccentric it shows the author to be. Vonnegut themselves is a near-perfect example of the same flawed, wonderful humanity that they loved and despaired over their entire life.
Letters should be read as a necessary companion piece to Charles J. Shields' evenhanded 2011 Vonnegut biography, And So It Goes. The Shields book reveals a successful but mostly unhappy man, one with a penchant for professional betrayals (he nixed an agreement with longtime friend and editor Knox Burger); an anti-war, liberal champion who had no problem investing in napalm manufacturer Dow Chemical.
The singular, iconic author was certainly complicated — and at times vain and quick to anger. Those critics who pigeonholed them as a sci-fi hack promptly felt the wrath of their epistolary ripostes. For example, six years after achieving lasting fame for their classic, Slaughterhouse-Five, a miffed Vonnegut felt compelled to write to Osborn Elliott, the editor of Newsweek, concerning a piece on science fiction written by Peter Prescott. Prescott's offending lines went like this: "Little sf [science fiction] writers aim higher than what a teen-age intelligence can grasp, and the smart ones, like Kurt Vonnegut, carefully satirize targets — racism, pollution, teachers — that teen-agers are conditioned to dislike." To which Vonnegut tersely replied, "I have never written with teen-agers in mind, nor are teen-agers the chief readers of my books. I am the first sf writer to win a Guggenheim, the first to become a member of the National Institute for Arts and Letters, the first to have a book become a finalist for a National Book Award." They go on to list their undeniably impressive accomplishments and titles for several more lines.
This fierce pride in their work and resistance to the shallow critical dismissals that would label them a one-trick genre pony were tempered by a constant and playful deprecatory air. In 1959, Vonnegut wrote a short missive to a writer acquaintance named Norman Mailer: "I have just finished reading your ad for yourself — a lot of it twice, at your suggestion. Since my reputation is worthless, my comments on the book would be worthless, so f - - - them."
Their note to Mailer continues with an anecdote about a time, about 10 years prior, when the two of them socialized with Vonnegut's drunk mother-in-law: "[She] was about two feet away from you, indoors, separated from you by a window shade drawn over an open window. They said to me in a loud, indignant squawk, 'Well — I think you're cuter than they are ...' It's a fact, incidentally — I am cuter than you are. Respectfully, Somebody named Kurt Vonnegut, Jr."
Vonnegut saved some of their harshest criticisms for censors who would ban and sometimes burn their novels without having read a single page, and there are no shortage of these scathing attacks in the collection. But it's the letters to their children that reveal the private figure. In the early '70s, soon after they took a teaching position at the Iowa Writers' Workshop (where they mentored the likes of John Irving and Gail Godwin), Vonnegut split from their wife, Jane. Though the breakup was mostly amicable, its quiet fallout underlies much of the subsequent correspondence with their daughters Nanette and Edith. In an unintentionally amusing letter dating from 1973, Vonnegut refers to Geraldo Rivera, Edie's then-husband — and current Fox News reporter — as "a fierce Democrat and closet Marxist." So it goes.
Toward the end of their life, the correspondence gets a bit sadder and more self-reflective, as is to be expected. In a few late letters, Vonnegut refers to themselves as one of "Melville's whalers, who didn't talk anymore because they'd said all they had to say." By the time they died, in 2007, the writer had outlived their first wife and many friends. In many of the letters, you get the sense that they are just killing time — making silkscreen paintings, writing tributes and blurbs — while waiting for the end.
If that seems unpleasant, consider it in light of their unsuccessful 1984 suicide attempt. After that booze-and-pill cocktail, they found reason to keep going — and even to impart some wisdom. Kurt Vonnegut: Letters ends, appropriately, with the last words of advice they wrote for an audience: "And how should we behave during this Apocalypse? We should be unusually kind to one another, certainly. But we should also stop being so serious. Jokes help a lot. And get a dog, if you don't already have one ... I'm out of here."
Introduction
If you ever look into the world of competitive fighting games, people will throw out terms such as “neutral,” “advantage,” and “disadvantage,” all of which appear to be (and are) key terms to understanding fighting games on a deeper, fundamental level. Often their meanings can come across as obtuse and rather abstract, and what exacerbates this confusion is that people make the mistake of trying to explain neutral before explaining advantage/disadvantage. This is why I've written this article. Advantage/disadvantage are much easier ideas to understand compared to neutral, and once you get those two down, the concept of “neutral” follows along more naturally.
Advantage, Disadvantage, and Neutral
So, imagine you're in a fight. Would you rather be punching someone in the face, or getting punched? Most likely you'd prefer the former, a position where you're at an advantage.
However, this idea extends more to than who's getting hit. Would you rather be backed into a corner, or backing someone into a corner? Would you rather be standing with your back towards the edge of a cliff, or forcing someone towards the edge?
All of these positions involve someone who has fewer options available to them. The guy with their back to the cliff or the wall can't go backwards, of course, so they have to fight their way out or somehow get around. However, this also makes them relatively more predictable. In contrast, the person forcing the opponent towards the edge can attack if they choose to, or walk back. They have the luxury of more choices.
One person is in an advantageous position, the other is in a disadvantageous position. “Neutral,” then, is when neither person feels like they have an advantage or disadvantage. Neither one is getting hit, neither has their backs to a wall nor has to worry about a 500-ft drop. Both fighters are fully in control of themselves, and their goal is to get the other one into a disadvantageous position.
“Footsies”
You'll often find characters who are considered to be great at neutral, and these are generally characters that have more or better weapons at their disposal when trying to gain an advantage. In this respect, you might see people throw out another common but also confusing fighting game term: footsies.
The idea of footsies derives from what kids would do at a lunch table. One kid tries to kick another kid's legs. If a kid misses, then the other kid is free to kick that extended leg. Fighting games are kind of similar. If one character tries to punch another, but they miss, their arm is now extended forward, and their opponent can “punch their punch” back. Or, if they anticipate a punch is coming, they can hit more quickly, preventing the attack from happening in the first place (see also Bruce Lee's original concept of Jeet Kune Do, the “Way of the Intercepting Fist“). When combined with the threat of a cliff or a wall, two opponents will try to trick the other into overextending or doing something predictable, and retaliating accordingly.
Neutral and Psychological Damage
You'll also often see people say a character in a game is “bad at neutral,” and sometimes they're right, but take the statement with a grain of salt because a lot of people don't understand what neutral really is. They think it's just about who can more reliably get the first hit in, and then whose attacks can lead to more combos, but neutral is just as much about potential damage as it is about actual damage.
Let's go back to the example with two people fighting. They're both in “neutral,” standing at the center of their fighting area. However, both want the opponent to be at the edge of the cliff, because as great as it can be to throw 20 punches at someone, it's even better to throw one punch that knocks them off the edge of a cliff. The potential for greater advantage, and the fear of getting hit, become tools just as important as who actually successfully connects.
Leaving Off
Neutral is often touted as the most important aspect of a fighting game, because it's where the game begins, where the mind games originate from, and is the most basic area where it's necessary to understand yourself, your opponent, and the tools each of you have at your disposal. I hope in reading this that you have a stronger understanding of how you can use it in your own game.
—
If you liked this post, consider becoming a sponsor of Ogiue Maniax through Patreon. You can get rewards for higher pledges, including a chance to request topics for the blog.
Marcus Aurelius Claudius (213-270 CE) was an Illyrian of modest birth who worked their way up through the ranks of the Roman army during the tumultuous third century. According to the Scriptores Historiae Augustae, they were a fierce fighter and able commander who eventually became caught up in the imperial intrigues of the day. Claudius was commander of the the reserves of a force led by the reigning Emperor Gallienus in the summer of 268 that was besieging Milan, where the would-be usurper Aureolus had taken refuge. The supposed inefficacy of Gallienus as a ruler led to a conspiracy that ended in their assassination.
Whether or not Claudius was involved remains unclear, but they were the one chosen by the army to succeed Gallienus. In what was perhaps a related move, the Scriptores Historiae Augustae reports that the soldiers were promised twenty aurei each for their support. Claudius quickly made peace with Aueolus and then just as quickly betrayed and killed him. They then turned their attention to one of the many external threats facing the Roman Empire, namely an invasion of Pannonia by the Goths. It was in this context that Claudius earned the surname Gothicus (i.e. conqueror of the Goths) by which they are now commonly known after destroying a large Gothic army at the Battle of Naissus. Claudius thereafter quashed an incursion of Germanic tribes at the Battle of Lake Benacus and successfully campaigned to restore territories that had been lost by their predecessors to the Empire. The celebrated reign of Claudius Gothicus was ultimately brief, as they were felled by the so-called “Plague of Cyprian” (probably smallpox) in early 270.
The antoninianus was a new domination of silver coin that was introduced amidst the financial crises that gripped the Roman Empire in the early third century. Over the course of time it was debased until it was mostly bronze. As you can see by the mixed patinas of the eight antoniniani issued under the authority of Claudius at the top of this post, the metal content varied.
The common obverse features a radiate bust of the Emperor and Roman Imperial Coinage lists dozens of reverse types. The example above (RIC 168) was minted in Mediolanum (Milan) and its reverse features Spes, the personification of hope, holding a flower.
—Matthew Wittmann
President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the Department of Homeland Security has repeatedly contradicted the pro-American immigration agenda that they were elected to implement.
Breitbart News has compiled the five times in which Kirstjen Nielsen, a former official under President George W. Bush, has been out-of-line with Trump's Buy “Buy American, Hire American” policies and immigration principles.
1. Support of Amnesty for DACA Illegal Aliens
Nielsen's most controversial statements on immigration have revolved around their open support for amnesty for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) illegal aliens.
In a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing, Nielsen testified that they believed Americans “owe” amnesty to DACA illegal aliens, Breitbart News reported.
“I believe that we must and we owe it to them to find a permanent solution,” they said of passing a DACA amnesty that could potentially lead to a chain migration of 9.9 million to 19 million foreign nationals pouring into the U.S. legally. “It's no way to expect anyone to live a month or two months at a time,” said Nielsen, even though the DACA work-permits each last for two years.
Nielsen's support for DACA amnesty contradicts the Trump White House immigration agenda, which does not include any proponent that gives amnesty to illegal aliens.
2. Downplaying Trump's Immigration Principles
Nielsen's testimony and answers during their hearing did not make any declaration of support — or even any reference to — Trump's detailed 70-point list of immigration principles which were announced on October 8. Not only did Nielsen ignore Trump's immigration principles in their Senate confirmation hearing, but they also did not make a single mention of them in their extensive pre-questionnaire Q&A. To date, there is no evidence that shows Nielsen supports Trump's list of immigration principles.
3. Downplaying Trump's Border Wall
Trump has said they do not plan to build a solid wall from coast to coast. But in the face of Democratic hostility, Nielsen actually downplayed the importance of the wall by choosing to repeat a statement made by their ally, POTUS Chief of Staff John Kelly, saying “There is no need for a wall from sea to shining sea.”
Worse, Nielsen took a cue from GOP establishment-types, touting the supposed need for more “technology” on the U.S.-Mexico border. The technology-based “virtual-wall” narrative is often used by Democrats and Republican establishment politicians to fake sympathy for a border wall.
4. Saying They Will “Look Into” Reopening DACA
Nielsen said that they will consider reopening the DACA temporary amnesty program to allow more illegal aliens onto the rolls, despite the nearly 700,000 illegal aliens who are already on the rolls. When asked by Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) if they would consider throwing out Trump's executive decision to shut down DACA enrollment, Nielsen responded by saying:
I would commit to you to look into it. I'm not familiar with the specific numbers, but if there are extenuating circumstances that we should take into consideration, I would look into those and talk with you further.
5. Emphasizing Aid for Foreign Economies as a Defense Against Illegal Immigration
Trump's immigration agenda has emphasized putting the U.S. economy and needs of Americans first. But when answering a question about how to deter illegal immigration, Nielsen said they wanted to improve the economies of foreign nations which send their illegal aliens to the United States, even as they declined to talk about more direct countermeasures, such as the construction of a border wall and the enforcement of sanctions against employers who hire illegals.
“We have to increase the prosperity there,” Nielsen said of foreign countries. “There's a variety of programs, you and I have discussed, including the Alliance for Prosperity. But to really help the community find jobs, track the private sector, and enable the community to be resilient in such a way that it in of itself provides the type of environment that citizens would want to stay.”
Atlanta (CNN) Robert Lewis Burns Jr., the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd , died Friday night in a car crash, a Georgia State Patrol spokesperson said.
Burns, 64, died after their car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, spokesperson James Tallent said.
No other cars were involved in the crash, which occurred shortly before midnight.
Lynyrd Skynyrd drummer Robert Burns performed with the band for its 2006 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
"He was not restrained at the time of the crash," Tallent told CNN.
The musician lived in northern Georgia.
Burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup, which formed in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1965.
Lead singer Ronnie Van Zant started Noble Five with Burns, guitarists Gary Rossington and Allen Collins and bassist Larry Junstrom in their hometown. It then made a name change in a reference to a high school gym teacher.
They were not involved in the 1977 plane crash that killed three members, including Van Zant.
The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006. Lynyrd Skynyrd still tours with Rossington, the only original member still in the band.
"Today I'm at a loss for words but I just remember Bob being a funny guy," Rossington said on the band's official Facebook page. "My heart goes out to their family and God bless them and them in this sad time. They were a great great drummer."
Gary Kubiak has an anecdote they use to describe John Elway without describing John Elway. It was a before a playoff game, when they were offensive coordinator and quarterback, respectively, in Denver. What Kubiak doesn't need to tell you is that this could have been before any game because, well, it's Elway.
And so Kubiak goes: “As a coach you put together a game plan and there might be 75 to 90 pass plays and you're coaching your guy, ‘On this play, I want you to do this and on this play I want you to do this.' You'd have to take a lot of notes, but John is so smart they could just sit and listen to you. We got to Friday afternoon and they brought the game plan to me, which was about three pages, and they took a red pen and they circled like 15 things. They said, ‘Y'all call those plays, we win the game.'
“That's John Elway.”
That's Elway, a two-time Super Bowl-winning quarterback who returned to the Broncos in 2011 as general manager to help restore a franchise that had gone off track.
Their three-page game plan would be scripted differently. Their “coaches” would have corner offices. And their control on the field would no longer be inside the lines, as they like to say.
In their first year on the job, Elway reformed the Broncos, solving a quarterback controversy and rebuilding a defense that sat in the NFL's cellar in most categories. In 2017 — six years, five AFC West titles, two Super Bowl berths and one more Super Bowl title later — Elway faces one of their biggest challenges. They head into the offseason with a 9-7 team that missed the playoffs and is looking for a head coach, with Kubiak having resigned last week.
Elway's task appears taller and their drive to their next comeback bumpier than ever.
“Challenges excite me. That's what it's about,” they said last week. “Things are going to happen, good and bad. It's all about adjusting.”
“It's hard to stay on top”
When Elway was introduced by owner Pat Bowlen as the Broncos' executive vice president of football operations in January 2011, they balanced their first tasks: The team had to get better, they said. The team needed a coach, they knew. The trust with the fans had to be restored, they reiterated.
Within their first two weeks, Elway hired veteran coach John Fox.
Within their first four months, they drafted what would be the backbone of their revamped defense, Texas A&M linebacker Von Miller, and found a diamond from the pool of undrafted players in cornerback Chris Harris. They re-signed all-pro cornerback Champ Bailey. They elevated Adam Gase to quarterbacks coach to work with fan favorite Tim Tebow and Kyle Orton. And they pledged an air of transparency.
They quickly took a red pen to the playbook and circled all the moves they wanted to make in order to move on from the contentious Josh McDaniels era.
“When I came in here, we were coming off a 4-12 year, so there was a lot of stuff we had to do,” Elway said last fall. “When I first got here, it was just a matter of trying to find the best football players that we could and get better.”
Fourteen months into their tenure, Elway made their boldest decision yet in signing free-agent quarterback Peyton Manning. The move altered the Denver franchise, changed the balance of the league and led to a record-setting offense in 2013 in a season that ended in disappointment, a Super Bowl blowout loss to Seattle that exposed the Broncos' defensive holes.
It was then that Elway, the Hall of Fame quarterback, switched their focus and turned the Broncos into a defense-first team. They spent. They rebuilt. And in the past two years the Broncos have had a championship-caliber defense.
“I know where we were in December 2010 and that was a difficult time for the organization,” said Broncos president and CEO Joe Ellis. “I felt like we lost a little trust with our fans, if not a lot of trust. John has restored that. I think fans continue to have that (trust). Related Articles February 26, 2019 O'Halloran: Broncos' priority at the NFL combine? Looking for free agents.
February 26, 2019 Broncos Mailbag: Is it worth pursuing Antonio Brown and Josh Rosen?
February 24, 2019 NFL Combine 2019 Primer: Road to draft takes league to Indianapolis
February 23, 2019 Why Evan Worthington's 40-yard dash time could propel them up NFL draft boards
February 22, 2019 O'Halloran: Road to the NFL for Northern Colorado's Alex Wesley started vs. CU Buffs in 2017
Looking back, the transformation was nothing short of remarkable. Looking ahead, it may have made Elway's job much more difficult.
The slate is no longer clear. Elway has key pieces still in place with a defense that has at least another year together. But they need to fill the biggest holes. Manning is gone, having retired last March. Now Kubiak, Elway's coach and confidant, is gone too.
Elway needs a leader, but needs the right one and needs them soon. They have another quarterback competition on their hands, but Elway said he's confident and hopeful of the potential shown by Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch.
“It's just as important, if not more important, to get better on defense than it is to get better offensively,” they said. “The offense will come.”
“Dad, Gary and Mike”
The thing that is perhaps misunderstood or overlooked with Elway is that they listen. He's the competitor who will make a game of anything to try to ensure you're the loser. Cards? Golf? Washing dishes? They will win and you will lose, and that's that.
But they also learned something over the years, as a quarterback, a business person and NFL executive.
“I was around (Ravens general manager) Ozzie Newsome for one year, and if you ask me the one thing about both of those guys is they're great listeners,” Kubiak said. “Going into a room with a group of men — coaches, scouts, players — they listen to everybody, they don't talk very much. It's a special trait that I really noticed in John. John's always had that.”
That trait was shaped, in large part, by three men whom Elway credits as their biggest influences. The first, of course, is their late father, Jack Elway. Another is Kubiak, their former training-camp roommate, backup quarterback, offensive coordinator and, most recently, head coach. The third is Mike Shanahan, Elway's former coach with whom they won a pair of Super Bowl titles in the late 1990s.
“My dad was always the guy I looked to as kind of the rock,” Elway said. “Gary was one that I played for. Mike Shanahan had a big part in that with their philosophy when they came in here and I played for them my last four years. The way that they did things had a huge influence. We won two championships in the four years that they were the head coach when I played for him. But I learned so much from them too.”
Now Kyle Shanahan, once a toddler who roamed Broncos headquarters when Elway was quarterback and Mike was a coach, is on the shortlist of candidates to succeed Kubiak. Other known finalists are Chiefs special teams coordinator Dave Toub, who was interviewed by the Broncos in Kansas City on Friday, and Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph, who will be interviewed next week.
The Denver job comes with high expectations — perhaps the highest in the NFL — and pressure inherent in working for Elway.
“That's how people win championships. We were there a year ago,” Elway said. “There is no reason that we can't get back there soon again.”
With the job comes a chance to be a part of Elway's next red circle.
“After we lost in 2013, they went and got the ‘No-Fly Zone' and DeMarcus (Ware),” Miller recounted. “When we missed the playoffs in 2010, before I got here, we built up the defense. … (Elway's) the king of the comeback. I don't know how they do it. I just know it's going to continue to happen.”
JAKARTA - Indonesian police have arrested a teenager after they attempted to attack a church in Medan, the capital of North Sumatra, with a homemade bomb.
The 17-year-old man was sitting among the morning mass congregation at the St. Yoseph Catholic Church on Sunday (Aug 28).
They had with them a backpack purportedly containing a small explosive device, North Sumatra provincial police spokesperson Rina Sari Ginting told reporters.
According to eyewitness Nana Manullang who was sitting next to him, the teenager had been “assembling a suspected bomb”, comprising of a battery and a pipe hidden in a gold jacket before the attack, they said.
They then stood up, with their backpack giving off “smoke, sparks and faint sounds of firecrackers”, and rushed towards a pastor near a pulpit, attacking the latter with a knife. The pastor was left slightly wounded in their left arm. Members of the congregation then restrained him, they added.
National police spokesperson Boy Rafli Amar confirmed the attack, saying that the police are “examining the perpetrator's backpack”. They added that the attacker was still alive and there were no casualties.
Police spokesperson Agus Rianto said “for certain, there was an explosion like firecrackers”.
According to a source close to the investigation, police have confiscated several items, including a backpack, a knife, and a note with “La ilaha illallah” in Arabic written on it. The Arabic phrase is a declaration of the Islamic faith which means “there is no God but Allah”.
The identity card on the teenager stated their name as Ivan Armadi Hasugian, a student from Medan.
Police have identified the pastor as 60-year-old Albert Pandiangan.
Indonesia has been the target of several terror threats in recent months, and counter-terrorism police have launched a crackdown on people with suspected links to Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
A Jan 14 terrorist attack in Jakarta killed eight people, and a July 5 suicide attack near a local police station in Solo city killed the bomber and injured a police officer.
aarlina@sph.com.sg
Fox figures have falsely suggested the Muslim community has not condemned the terror attack on the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo in Paris, France despite the fact that Muslim leaders, advocacy groups and organizations, and leaders of Arab states have roundly denounced the attacks -- a fact that Fox reported on its website, but left off air.
12 Killed In Terror Attack On French Satirical Newspaper
Terror Attack Leaves 12 Dead In France. On January 7, 12 people were killed after an attack in Paris on Charlie Hebdo, a French weekly satirical newspaper. According to The New York Times, French President Francois Hollande quickly condemned the shooting as a terrorist attack "of exceptional barbarism" and raised the nation's security alert. [The New York Times, 1/7/15]
On Television, Fox News Claims Muslims Are Not Condemning Attack
Fox's Monica Crowley: "I Haven't Heard Any Condemnation" Of The Paris Attack From Muslim Groups. While discussing reactions to the Charlie Hebdo attack on the January 7 edition of Fox News' The Real Story, contributor Monica Crowley argued that Muslims "should be condemning" the attack and that they hadn't "heard any condemnation." [Fox News, The Real Story, 1/7/15]
Fox Guest: "You Don't See Denunciations Of Radical Islam ... By Mainstream Islamic Groups." In a discussion of the Paris attack on the January 7 edition of Fox News' America's Newsroom, guest Steve Emerson, executive director of the Investigative Project on Terrorism, claimed that "you don't see denunciations of radical Islam, by name, by mainstream Islamic groups." [Fox News, America's Newsroom, 1/7/15]
Fox Host Bob Beckel: Muslim Groups Like CAIR Keep "Their Mouth Shut When Things Happen." While discussing the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris during January 7 edition of Fox News' The Five, host Bob Beckel criticized Howard Dean for suggesting that the terrorists were like a cult, and claimed that Muslims as a whole are "being quiet." They went on to accuse the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) of keeping "their mouth shut when things happen." [Fox News, The Five, 1/7/15]
But Online, Fox News Shows Muslim Community Leaders Denouncing The Attack
On FoxNews.Com, Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA Spokesperson Condemns Paris Attack. During a January 7 interview with Fox host Gregg Jarett on FoxNews.com, Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA Spokesperson Qasim Rashid condemned the attack in Paris and refuted the notion that Islam is inherently violent (emphasis added):
JARRETT: Do you think more Muslims in the Muslim-American community need to speak up and, like you, condemn this kind of attack? RASHID: I think Muslims are doing a very good job of speaking up. And I think there's an important conversation to be had about recognizing that this is not an Islamic act of terror -- this is just an act of terror done by people claiming to ascribe to Islam. When we study Islam, we see clearly that the Quran condemns this kind of violence categorically. That Prophet Muhammad said that a Muslim is one from whom all others are safe. [...] JARRETT: If, as you say, the Quran condemns this kind of violence, why is it these Islamic extremists, these terrorists use the Quran as justification for committing these kinds of violent acts? RASHID: Well, it's the same reason why any extremist group uses scripture. There's no shortage of extremists in everything. Let's not forget the Lord's Resistance Army, a Ugandan terrorist group, that claims to be Christian. And I would vehemently argue against anyone who would blame the bible, or Jesus Christ, for their acts of terrorism. This is not about religion. This is about political power, this is about uneducated, ignorant youth who are being manipulated by clerics and extremists. And this is why it's all the more important for us, as the moderates, regardless of faith, to stay united and combat this. [FoxNews.com, 1/7/15]
Many Other Muslim Organizations Have Condemned The Attack
French Muslim Council: Attack Is An "Extremely Grave Barbaric Action." In a statement, the French Muslim Council condemned the Paris attack as an "extremely grave barbaric action," and called it "an attack against democracy and the freedom of the press." [AlJazeera.com, 1/7/15]
Muslim Council Of Britain Condemns Attack: "Nothing Justifies The Taking Of Life." The Muslim Council of Britain condemned the attack, saying "The Muslim Council of Britain condemns this attack. Whomever the attackers are, and whatever the cause may be, nothing justifies the taking of life." [Muslim Council of Britain, 1/7/15]
Council On American-Islamic Relations: "We Strongly Condemn This Brutal And Cowardly Attack." CAIR strongly condemned the attack, calling it "brutal and cowardly," and used the opportunity to reiterate the organization's "repudiation of any such assault on freedom of speech, even speech that mocks faiths and religious figures":
"We strongly condemn this brutal and cowardly attack and reiterate our repudiation of any such assault on freedom of speech, even speech that mocks faiths and religious figures. The proper response to such attacks on the freedoms we hold dear is not to vilify any faith, but instead to marginalize extremists of all backgrounds who seek to stifle freedom and to create or widen societal divisions. "We offer sincere condolences to the families and loved ones of those killed or injured in this attack. We also call for the swift apprehension of the perpetrators, who should be punished to the full extent of the law." [Council on American-Islamic Relations, 1/7/15]
Arab League "Strongly Condemns The Terrorist Attack On Charlie Hebdo Newspaper In Paris." The Arab League said in a statement that "Arab League chief Nabil al-Arabi strongly condemns the terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo newspaper in Paris." [Al Arabiya News, 1/7/15]
Al-Azhar: "Islam Denounces Any Violence." According to Al Arabiya News, "Al-Azhar, a thousand-year-old seat of religious learning respected by Muslims around the world, referred to the attack as a criminal act, saying that 'Islam denounces any violence.'" [Al Arabiya News, 1/7/15]
Academics submit gibberish papers to dubious “journals,” then blow the whistle when the papers are “accepted.” Prasit Rodphan/Shutterstock
Academic publishing is a strange phenomenon, one that normal people—who might assume, for instance, that people generally get paid for doing what they do professionally—often misunderstand. Back in graduate school, I met for tea one day with an old friend from New York, and mentioned my stress about completing some exacting revisions on what would end up as my first journal article. “Publish or perish, you know?” They frowned. “I hear that all the time,” they said, “but I don't get it. What does this article do for you? Like, will you get paid so much when it comes out that you can support yourself?” I spit out my tea.
To the contrary: Not only would I be writing the article for free, I would also be paying the journal $5 for every copy of it I wanted. Further, I explained, some scholars regularly pay even more to have their work appear in print—from mandatory association membership fees to the $3,000 it takes to get your work out from behind a paywall so that more than three people can read it. So how then, inquired my friend, would this article save me from perishing? “Being in print will help me get a job,” I answered, with the misplaced confidence only a graduate student can display. (Spoiler alert: It didn't.)
My own failures notwithstanding, racking up publications in academic journals—10 or more a year, in some STEM fields—is an absolute necessity in today's brutal academic landscape, both to obtain that rare tenure-track job and to make the “tenure” part come true. Beginning academics are desperate to get in print—and sometimes, they're not savvy enough to tell the difference between a well-regarded journal and a straight-up scam (especially since well-regarded journals are among those who charge $3,000 to bypass the paywall).
It is perhaps unsurprising, then, that an entire cottage industry of malfeasance and predation has erected itself in “service” of these desperate souls. Peer-review fraud syndicates. Journals that nobody proofreads. Academic book mills. Pay-to-play conferences, where everyone is “accepted,” and whose “proceedings” are then stapled together into a glorified pamphlet (voila: a “publication”).
Happily, a counter-trend arose in resistance: Academics began submitting robotically-generated gibberish papers to these “conferences” and “journals,” and then blowing the whistle when they were “peer-reviewed” and “accepted.” It's a great service and a hilarious distraction, and I hope that scholars everywhere keep doing it—but they should know that David Mazières and Eddie Kohler, now computer science professors at Stanford and Harvard, officially created the ne plus ultra of bogus-academic-publishing scam busters way back in 2005, when they were still grad students, and made it “open access” for anyone to use as needed. Behold:
(Here's the whole thing in all of its glory.)
Mazières and Kohler were so sick of their email boxes getting clogged up with obvious pay-for-play “calls for papers” that they created not just a fake gibberish paper, but, as the blog Scholarly Open Access reports, an obscene fake gibberish paper that contained one directive and one directive only, repeated hundreds of times: To be removed from said fake conference/journal's “f–king” mailing list.
Cut to the present, when Peter Vamplew, a professor at Federation University Australia, got a “call for papers” from the obviously-bogus International Journal of Advanced Computer Technology, and “submitted” Mazières and Kohler's masterpiece in a not-at-all-subtle request to be, you guessed it, taken off the mailing list.
To their mild surprise, not only was this groundbreaking study accepted—with fraudulent peer reviews and everything!—it was put into layout, and a PDF was generated for their “perusal,” along with, of course, a humble request for $150, to be submitted by wire transfer, as all legitimate scholarly transactions are.
The real question, of course, is who's to blame for the embarrassing state in which academic publishing finds itself. The predatory fake journals and conference scams, sure—they're out to make a buck from a demographic that is famously desperate and famously destitute, and that's odious. But let us not forget to blame the “publish or perish” frenzy itself as well. These days, it's more like publish and perish; most faculty members languish as underpaid non-tenure-trackers, despite publication so frenzied that even Peter Higgs (you know, of the particle? The one that was named after him?) insists they wouldn't get tenure today. There is no reason to keep perpetuating a system that, at its best, churns out more legitimate articles than anyone can ever read, and at its worst allows someone to list “Get Me Off Your F–king Mailing List” on their CV.
Boston trio Slothrust have a new EP of covers, tilted Show Me How You Want it To Be, that puts their sludgy spin on songs by Al Green (“Let's Stay Together”), The Turtles (“Happy Together”), Marcy Playground (“Sex and Candy”), Britney Spears (“…Baby One More Time”), Louis Armstrong (“What a Wonderful World”), and Black Sabbath (“Electric Funeral”) (okay, that one was already sludgy). It's out on Friday (11/10) but we're premiering a stream of the whole thing, which you can listen to below.
Slothrust just wrapped up their European tour opening for Manchester Orchestra and, now that they're back on this side of the Atlantic, will play some West Coast shows later this month. All dates are listed below.
‘SHOW ME HOW YOU WANT IT TO BE' – TRACKLISTING
01 Sex And Candy (Marcy Playground Cover)
02 Electric Funeral (Black Sabbath Cover)
03 What A Wonderful World (Louis Armstrong Cover)
04 …Baby One More Time (Britney Spears Cover)
05 Happy Together (The Turtles Cover)
06 Let's Stay Together (Al Green Cover)
Slothrust – 2017 Tour Dates
11/30/2017 San Francisco, CA @ Bottom of the Hill
12/01/2017 Los Angeles, CA @ The Echo
12/03/2017 Santa Ana, CA @ Constellation Room
12/09/2017 San Diego, CA @ Space
Introduction
I've toyed with Linux since 2002, when I first installed Mandrake. With the latest release of Ubuntu, I was interested to see how far Linux had come since then in terms of being used easily by the mainstream. So, I tricked my grudging girlfriend Erin into sitting down at a brand new Ubuntu 8.04 installation and performing some basic tasks. It's surprising how many seemingly simple things become complicated and even out of reach for someone without a knowledge of Linux. There are a lot of little things that could be done to make the experience a lot more friendly for non-computer-literate people – some of them easy to implement, others not at all.
Erin's knowledge of computers is limited to word processors, spreadsheets, Photoshop and a reasonable amount of browsing on the Web. Fairly standard stuff for a university philosophy student. All I did to the system (before leaving Erin at the log-in screen) was to install it and create a user account for them They had no problems logging in, and loved the stylised heron background. Then I gave them one by one the tasks I'd set them I didn't give them any help at all.
First task: Tell me what the capital of Bosnia is.
As soon as they heard this, Erin grinned, rolled their eyes and said “easy!” Them eyes found the Firefox shortcut at the top of the screen, and very soon Wikipedia told them Sarajevo. A good start, the task was completed with absolutely no trouble at all.
Second task: Watch a video on YouTube.
(note: this is a problem specifically with YouTube – it detects whether or not you have Flash using JavaScript and then puts a link to Adobe's webpage instead of displaying the plugin. Firefox's standard behaviour is to ask you to install it in an automated fashion. Just bad luck I happened to choose YouTube!)
This proved more problematic. Erin went to YouTube and searched for a Beatles video, and seemed to assume that it would work straight away. When it told them that they needed a plug-in they groaned, but clicked the link they gave them It took them to the official Flash plug-in page, and gave them the option of downloading a gzipped tarball, an RPM or a YUM.
Because she's using Ubuntu, the RPM and the YUM are going to be of no use – not that they know this. Erin tried the .tar.gz, and it downloaded to their home folder. It opened in the archive manager, and they extracted it to the default. Then, they were lost. They tried double-clicking the file, and Ubuntu just asked them what she'd like to do with it. The option “run” results in it crashing. No clue was given to them that they should open up a terminal and type ‘./flashplayer-installer'. To be fair, there are links to installation instructions, but the average person acclimatised to Windows is not expecting to have to read complex information before installing a program – all they need to do is double click it. Obviously their attempts with the RPM and the YUM went nowhere. Frustrated, Erin conceded defeat.
There are other ways to install flash on Ubuntu, such as by using the inbuilt package manager. Why doesn't Firefox tell them to do this, or do it automatically like Rhythmbox does with codecs? Ubuntu ship Firefox with their own special modifications, couldn't this be one of them?
Third task: Download a Spice Girls Album
Erin's first reaction was to go to the Applications menu, and look first in the Sound & Video folder, and then in Internet. I presumed that they were looking for some kind of Limewire equivalent. Erin has downloaded music using uTorrent before in Windows, so they went and got utorrent.exe from their website. It downloaded, and they double-clicked it. It asked them if they wanted to open it with an application, and, confused, they tried to open the executable with itself.
When this didn't work, they sat frowning for a while before heading to ScrapeTorrent (where I'd shown them to get torrents months and months ago.) They downloaded a Spice Girls torrent and it asked them if they wanted to open it with “Transmission”. They hesitated, then clicked yes. It started downloading immediately to their Desktop. They sat back, folded their arms and gave me a self-satisfied smirk.
The only problem I see here is the name of Transmission in the menu. I imagine that their problems would've been reduced if only they listed “Transmission BitTorrent Client” instead. How on earth is a user supposed to know what Transmission is? The icon certainly doesn't help. They do this with “Firefox Web Browser”, so why not Transmission? Weird. They could even just put “file-sharing client”, and when it loads up for the first time a wizard can help the user understand what BitTorrent is and how it works.
Fourth task: Draw me a little picture and save it in three formats.
Erin's done a fair bit of photoshopping before, and from their attitude I could tell they thought it'd be easy. They went to the Graphics menu in Applications and selected “OpenOffice.org Drawing”, which makes sense for anyone uninitiated. However, I think they were expecting a simple Paint-esque program. Instead, they had opened an unfamiliar vector-based illustrator. It took them a long time just to find the buttons to make a line, or change colours. Eventually they made the picture and saved it as three formats. Because they went to “Save As…” instead of “Export…” they could only save it in strange and unfamiliar formats such as odg, otg, sxg. I could tell that they were perplexed as to why they couldn't just save it in the formats they were used to.
Obviously not having experience with a vector-based illustrator was Erin's downfall in this task – but, then, how many people have used one? I don't understand why there isn't a program like KDE's KPaint for Gnome/Ubuntu. (Also, why is OpenOffice.org Drawing installed in the Base package? Seems pretty unnecessary – if only because I don't know anyone who uses a program like it.)
Fifth Task: Burn an album from my music collection.
Erin knows that my music collection is on the same computer that they are using, in Windows. Before trying to find it, though, they looked for a CD burning program in the Sound & Video menu and found it with “Brasero Disc Burning”. Thankfully it wasn't just called Brasero. I was impressed with the way it opened straight up to a screen with four big buttons, each with the common tasks anyone would want to do. Erin had no problems working out which button to push, and then it asked them which files to add.
Erin looked in their Music folder (created by default in Ubuntu), and their home folder and the desktop. They avoided the “492.8GB Media”, which is my Windows partition, and the many strange and unhelpfully-named folders in “Filesystem” could only have scared them They minimised Brasero and went to the “Places” menu for the first time, launching the search program. They tried searching for music in their home directory and music folder, but found nothing, and didn't try “Filesystem” or “492.8GB Media”. They also told me later that they thought it was stupid that you couldn't specify which type of file you want to find. Nevertheless, they were unable to burn an album from my music collection.
No problems with Brasero, their team did well for making it so user-friendly. However, Ubuntu really should be make more clear where the computer's other partitions are. It should detect if there are Windows installations on the machine and provide well-named shortcuts to them. If this had been done, there wouldn't've been any trouble. Also, the search function should, instead of “Filesystem”, have a “Whole Computer” option. How is someone not experienced with Linux supposed to know that folders like “etc”, “dev” and “mnt” contain all the workings and files on the machine?
Sixth Task: Change the speed of the mouse
No issues here, Erin found “System → Preferences → Mouse” within a few seconds and the slider bar was right there. Easy.
Seventh Task: Change the theme of the computer.
Again, very simple. Though they moved down to the Ts to find “Theme” first, they saw “Appearance” soon after and changed the theme to Mist. Couldn't be simpler.
Eighth Task: Find a picture on the Intenet and set it as the desktop background
Went straight away to a website with background images, and grabbed one. Instead of just clicking the “Set as Desktop Background” option in the right-click menu, they saved the image to their home folder and then changed the background from the Appearance menu she'd found earlier. No problems.
Ninth Task: Change screen resolution.
This was easy from the Preferences menu under Screen Resolution, and they changed it to the smallest size available: 720×400. However, they clicked “Keep settings” straight away, and couldn't work out how to get it back because the screen was too small to display the entire height of the Screen Resolution menu. Eventually I had to do it for them by tabbing through the options.
This is pretty ridiculous – you can't make it shorter and you can't move it up past the top of the screen. There's no way I can see of being able to change the resolution using that menu when you're on a small resoltion – without tabbing to invisible options that you don't know are there. Maybe I'm just missing something, I'd be happy to be enlightened.
Tenth Task: Photoshop a picture of their face onto my body
They opened Firefox, went to Facebook and found pictures of them and me. So far so good. Then, they opened up GIMP (which had “Image Editor” after it in the menu). Them multiple attempts to maximise each of the purposefully small windows showed that they were confused with the change from Photoshop's one main window to GIMP's scattered one. After they worked out what was going on, they just copied and pasted the images straight from Facebook. From there, it was easy, because GIMP has the same icons and functionality as Photoshop does for cutting out and pasting parts of a photo. I had to stop them when they started finding out how to match our skin tones: “How can I make my skin colour more like yours, all pasty and yellow?”
I don't understand why GIMP doesn't just lay out its windows like Photoshop does. It wouldn't lose usability, surely, and it would help the transition of first-time-users immensely.
Eleventh Task: Log onto MSN
They went straight to the Internet category of Applications, but was uncertain about “Pidgin Instant Messenger”. They asked “Does it have to be MSN?”. I said, “not really”, and so they opened up Pidgin. It asked them to add an account, and gave them a drop-down box of IM protocols along with inputs for “Screen name” and “Local alias”.
Because Erin's only experience with IM clients has been the official MSN ones, they didn't understand what a multi-protocol one could do. They thought that “adding” an account was creating a new one on the network. Also, they understandably didn't know what “AIM” was, which is what the protocol menu defaulted to. Moreover, MSN doesn't use the term “screen name”, so they obviously wouldn't associate it with their normal login.
So, they tried to sign-on using a made up username and password, and obviously it failed. They then went back to the add screen and found the MSN protocol. However, they put their login under local alias instead of screen name, but they fixed this the second time around after it didn't work. Then they were online, able to tell their friends about how much they hated Linux.
The problems Erin had could easily be solved by some sort of first-time welcome screen that explained what Pidgin is, what it does, and asking if she'd like to add and log into existing MSN, etc. accounts. Perhaps changing “screen name” to something more appropriate based on which protocol is selected would be helpful. Also, why does local alias seem like a necessary piece of information required to create an account? Seems like it confuses more than aids a new user.
When Erin tried to quit Pidgin, they pressed the X in the top right, and it went to the notification area. When I told Erin that they hadn't quit it properly, they tried to quit it by clicking in the lower-left hand side of the screen, where she'd usually find their MSN icon in Windows. They just changed desktops, of course, but eventually they found it in the top-right. When you first close Pidgin it should tell you that you haven't really quit it and that it's just going to the notification area and what it will look like.
Twelfth Task: Install Skype
Erin went straight away to skype.com. I think they were wary after their experience with Flash, but Skype have a great download page for Linux, where it lists different packages for the more popular distros. Ubuntu was at the top, and Erin saved the .deb file to the default location. When it was done, it opened with the Package Install and there was a big button saying “Install”. They clicked it, and it installed. Perfect.
The only problem was, they didn't know where it went. They looked in their home folder, the desktop and the menus up the top. For some weird reason they didn't look in “Internet”, where it had popped up. Regardless, after a package is installed, if it's available in the menu it should say where it is. Or, copy Windows' “new programs have been installed” bubble that comes out of the Start Menu. Either thing would've solved this problem.
Conclusion
The main issue with the desktop experience is that the geeky programmers and designers assume too much from the average user. They assume the user knows about the way in which programs are installed, or how the file system is set out. The average user will not go out of their way to google for help or even read the associated documentation that comes with Ubuntu and its default software. The little information pop-ups and guided wizards are critical to explaining how the user can accomplish the basic tasks they most probably are trying to do.
I'd love to see a welcome screen for the first time you open up your desktop, with little videos explaining a few key concepts to how Linux and Ubuntu work. Maybe it could ask “What do you want to do?” and then explain how they could do this.
Linux won't truly be ready for the desktop until someone computer illiterate can sit down at a computer and with little effort do what they want to do. Erin's intelligent, quick to learn and is reasonably well-acquainted with modern technology. If they had as much trouble as they did, what chance to the elderly or at least the middle-aged stand?
Advertisements
It's National Coconut Cream Pie day, in these United States.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
Here's a story about yet another Astoria Hullabaloo, this one involving the NYC DEP. Back in the third week of March, whilst walking Zuzu the dog along their normal sniffing route, one noticed liquid bubbling up out of a manhole – or access cover – on 44th street midway between Broadway and 34th Avenue here in Astoria. Back then, it was a slow flowing trickle of water – maybe five gallons an hour.
A week later, on the 29th of March I had the dog out again for their outing, after noticing that the flow of water had increased significantly, I finally shrugged my shoulders and accepted the fact that since no one else was going to do anything about this situation before the street exploded in a geyser – I called 311 and reported the thing.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
The first week of April arrived and after querying the neighbors about whether or not anyone had shown up to investigate, one was not surprised that – in fact – no one from the NYC DEP had shown up at all. Don't forget that the borough motto is “Welcome to Queens, now go fuck yourself.”
If it's water related, DEP is the agency that handles investigation and repair, in terms of the City process. Procedurally – if it's their pipe, they send out a city crew or contractor to fix it, if not – they figure out whose pipe it is and write an order for the property owner. This is pretty straight forward. Ultimately, you don't fool around with any of the four primal elements, whether it be fire, water, air, or stone.
The first week of April is when I called Councilmember Van Bramer's office and apprised their staff of the situation.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
The DEP said that “they were aware of the leak and keeping an eye on it.” By the second week of April, the water flowing down 44th street had gained in volume and flow, and was fast becoming a stream. Wind blown trash began to catch in the curbside puddles and rivulets, and was being carried towards the corner of Broadway by the water.
There it was carried into the catch basin and into the sewer.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
Other access covers along the path of the water, like this electrical one, were inundated and in some cases completely underwater. During the second week of April, I called Councimember Van Bramer's office again to inquire if they had heard any news about the leak. They were under the impression that DEP was working on it.
Note – The NY&QEL&PCo screed on the hatch cover stands for “New York and Queens Electric Light and Power Company” (incorporated 1901, absorbed by Edison in 1913), which is one of the 170 smaller gas and electric corporations that were “consolidated” into the CONED conglomerate during the 20th century.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
While all of this back and forth was going on, the leak grew larger and larger.
A now constant flow of water, roughly equivalent to letting a garden hose endlessly empty into the street, was moving north on 44th street from the bubbling manhole cover at mid block. At this point, I had made contact with someone I know at DEP and made the upper management of the agency aware of the situation.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
That's a fairly modern Consolidated Edison transformer pit access cover in the shot above, which was under a couple of inches of flowing water for most of the month of April. Remember last summer, when I told you about the transformer explosion and fire on my corner? If you're asking yourself “why do they care about this stuff,” that's why.
The first week of May is when I hit my breaking point with this situation, as I watched my friends who run the bodega across the street from HQ get a ticket from a Sanitation Cop, who was fining them for the water swept garbage that this flowing stream continuously transported in front of their shop and into the sewer catch basin.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
By the second week of April, some of the neighborhood fellas on the block had put out chairs and set up a hookah, saying that they had decided to sit by the water.
That's the source of the leak, another NY&QEL&PCo access cover found mid block on 44th street, in a photo shot on May 2nd.
It had been bubbling like this for about five weeks at this point and the flow was still increasing daily. I called Councilmember Van Bramer's office again, their staff was frankly stunned that the situation was still ongoing, and I also informed them of the unfairness of the ticket received by my buddies at the bodega.
Team JVB jumped into serious action at this point. Seriously, when it comes to quality of life issues, Team JVB is best of breed and sets a standard which the rest of the City should be envious of.
– photo by Mitch Waxman
I specifically asked them to conspicuously use my name with DEP, and to say “yes, that Mitch Waxman, the one from Newtown Creek.” Now to be clear, Councilmember Van Bramer certainly does not need any help in being taken seriously, but when the subject of the DEP comes up… I'm sort of the fly in their ointment, along the Newtown Creek, and there's precious few of the “bigwigs” who haven't suffered my wrath… so I knew that when the Commissioner's office saw my name attached…
I don't play nice with people who lie to me on a regular basis. They know I can be mean spirited, routinely ask pointed questions, and will not just accept their pronouncements at face value.
– video by Mitch Waxman
An atypical video (for Newtown Pentacle) is offered above, depicting the bubbling water sometime around the end of April.
On Friday, May 5th, DEP investigators finally responded to the gathering storm and determined that the leak was not coming from a city owned pipe, rather it was a residential connection that was leaking due to a tree root infiltrating it. The homeowner who owns the pipe is now on the hook for not just the repairs, but also paying for the thousands of gallons of water which were released (last I checked, that's $1.36 per 100 gallons). An uncalculable amount of garbage and street trash was also swept into the sewer system. The bodega guys are appealing the sanitation ticket. Team Van Bramer could have been spending their time on more useful things. I had other things to do as well.
Perhaps, just perhaps, if the DEP had inspected and assessed the situation back in March in response to the initial 311 call – this whole chain of events could have been avoided.
Just another Astoria Hullabaloo, I guess.
Upcoming Tours and events
Newtown Creek Alliance Boat tour, May 21st.
Visit the new Newtown Creek on a two hour boat tour with NCA historian Mitch Waxman and NCA Project Manager Will Elkins, made possible with a grant from the Hudson River Foundation – details and tix here.
“follow” me on Twitter- @newtownpentacle
Advertisements
Scheduled to return to Earth on Sept. 11, Padalka marked their 57th birthday onboard the space station on June 21.
"When I was only 3 years old, the first man flew in space," Padalka recounted to a NASA interviewer in 2009. "When I was only 7 years old, human beings began to work in the open space and when I was only 11 years old, I remember watching people walk on the moon."
"It was a incredible decade for all [of] humankind and I think at that time each boy dreamed to become [a] cosmonaut or astronaut," Padalka said. "So did I."
When Padalka launched for their fourth visit to the station in March, they already had spent 710 days – almost two years — in space.
"Gennady's feeling right now like they always do when they are up in space, he's where he's supposed to be," said Mike Fincke, an astronaut and Padalka's one-time crewmate, in a NASA interview Monday (June 29). "It's an awesome feeling where you just wake up in the morning and say, 'I'm supposed to be here, this is what I am supposed to be doing with my life.'"
This is an abbreviated version of a report from collectSPACE.com. Read the full report. Follow collectSPACE.com on Facebook and on Twitter at @collectSPACE.
More from collectSPACE.com
Related Posts :
from China is the world's hairiest man with hair covering 96 percent of their body. Yu was diagnosed with a rare condition that causes hair to grow in places it normally shouldn't. They were born in a farmer family and when they were only 2 years old their parents noticed they had hair coming out of their auditory canals. Their situation worsened as they grew up and now almost their entire body is covered with long thick hair.But Yu might have the chance of living a normal life, they are now undertaking a laser treatment to have their hair removed. Basically, every hair on their body will have to be zapped with laser. That can't be pleasant, but for Yu Zenhuan it's nowhere as painful as looking in the mirror.Couple of days ago their girlfriend posted some new photos on a Chinese forum.Here they are.
According to a study led by Don Larson of the University of Alaska Fairbanks, wood frogs (Lithobates sylvaticus) freeze up to 60 percent of their bodies during the long and extremely cold Alaskan winters.
Larson set out with two colleagues to study how frogs in some of the harshest conditions of Alaska alter their physiology to survive the winter months.
Unlike previous studies, they used standard lab-based experiments, but also included measurements to track a population in the wild.
The scientists tracked frogs throughout the harsh winter season. Prior to freezing for the entire season, they observed that frogs underwent 10-15 cycles of freezing and then thawing.
Thinking that such freeze-thaw cycles may be the key to the frogs' survival through the winter season, the scientists wanted to mimic these natural conditions back in the lab. To do this, they conducted a lab experiment where frogs were left unfrozen, frozen directly, or frozen through a freeze-thaw cycle.
In the wild, all frogs survived throughout the long winter where temperatures ranged from minus 9 to minus 18 degrees Celsius, a longer and colder period than previously observed with wood frogs.
“How did they avoid becoming frog-flavored popsicles? One clue was the amount of glucose in the frog's tissues, one of the primary agents that protect the frogs while they freeze. In both field and lab settings where the freeze/thaw cycles occurred, glucose concentrations increased between 2 and 10-fold, levels that have never been previously observed.”
“Glucose production occurs as frogs begin to freeze. Thus, the high number of freeze-thaw cycles allows for a greater increase in glucose production. This process is akin to the deliberate hyperventilation of divers prior to submerging, which serves to increase the volume of air that their lungs can consume. The frogs' version of hyperventilation, the freeze-thaw cycles, increases their glucose levels to allow them to survive longer and colder conditions.”
While previous studies have shown that wood frogs can tolerate low temperatures for short periods of time, frogs in the current study survived longer, had a higher incidence of survival (100 percent), and survived at colder temperatures than ever previously recorded.
Moreover, the study highlights glucose as an agent for the survival of wood frogs in the harsh winter conditions.
Don Larson and their co-authors presented their findings on January 6, 2014 at the 2014 Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology Annual Conference in Austin.
Now that they have a better understanding of how a frog's physiology changes in response to the winter season, their next step is to understand how things living inside them, such as parasites, will be affected.
They hope to use current results to shape future studies that examine the role of the cold environment on host-parasite interactions in frogs.
______
Larson DJ et al. 2013. Wood frog adaptations to overwintering in Alaska: New limits to freezing tolerance. SICB 2014 Annual Meeting Abstracts, paper #66.4, p. 193
I saw a discussion among several friends on Twitter about the concept of “spontaneous social order” and I immediately thought of Taoism and the Tâo Te Ching. I thought of the Taoist idea of “mutual arising”.
Taoists see the our universe as being in a continuous state of flux. What we experience is a process where everything is always changing and nothing remains constant. There is a constant interplay of opposing forces that shape our reality, much like rock and water meet to shape the river bed over time. Taoism is the philosophy that gave us the concept of yin and yang and it is from this constant, cooperative competition that the unity and harmony of nature arises. Nature is self-sufficient and uncreated. We don't need to postulate a conscious, controlling “god” to give orders to nature or to man. We also don't need human ‘rulers', bureaucracy, or a panel of “experts” to shape our society. We don't need central planners to tell man what their best course is. This interplay of forces is often called “mutual arising”. I first became aware of this concept reading Alan Watts who may be one of the best sources of explanation on Taoism that you will find.
The mutual arising of opposites implies many things. For one it means that chaos and order are two sides of the same coin. Order will arise from chaos and the opposite also happens. This Taoist concept is strikingly similar to the idea of a spontaneous order. We see from the Wikipedia entry:
I also agree that the Taoists were the first (that we know) to advocate against central planing or rulers giving orders on how to live. Consider Lao Tzu writing in The Tâo Te Ching Chapter 57.
The Genuine Influence.
1. A state may be ruled by (measures of) correction; weapons of war may be used with crafty dexterity; (but) the kingdom is made one's own (only) by freedom from action and purpose. 2. How do I know that it is so? By these facts:– In the kingdom the multiplication of prohibitive enactments increases the poverty of the people; the more implements to add to their profit that the people have, the greater disorder is there in the state and clan; the more acts of crafty dexterity that men possess, the more do strange contrivances appear; the more display there is of legislation, the more thieves and robbers there are. 3. Therefore a sage has said, ‘I will do nothing (of purpose), and the people will be transformed of themselves; I will be fond of keeping still, and the people will of themselves become correct. I will take no trouble about it, and the people will of themselves become rich; I will manifest no ambition, and the people will of themselves attain to the primitive simplicity.'
The sage is talking to a ruler and advising them that taking no action at all will lead to the greatest good for all; themselves included. This is telling the ruler not to rule! By allowing the people to jointly arrive at “the way” by cooperation and trial and error we will see the best results.
Thousands of years before the thinkers of the Scottish Enlightenment and later the French economists of the 18h century developed the idea that the market is spontaneous order in action and that “laissez-faire” was the wisest path, the Taoists were saying that “The Tao” was the natural force that ordered everything in the universe and to oppose the Tao was folly.
Some define the phenomenon of spontaneous order in society as the “result of human action, but not the execution of any human design“. The Taoist idea of “mutual arising” is that there is no straight line cause and effect in the universe like the simple idea of Newton's famous “billiard ball universe” in action. The Taoists would tell you that all of us, all of the animals, and everything else is part of one process. Every action is part of every other action — and so the sage can tell us that we experience the whole universe without leaving our dwelling place.
The idea of “mutual arising” is an ancient idea that is basically the same as, or at least very compatible with, “spontaneous order”. And both of these concepts are compatible with modern physics. Some say that Taoism foreshadowed modern physics.
Lao Tzu sees only evil and woe coming from any action by the ruler. They see government as man's folly and they offer us advice that might have come from any modern market anarchist:
The more laws and restrictions there are,
The poorer people become.
The sharper men's weapons,
The more trouble in the land.
The more ingenious and clever men are,
The more strange things happen.
The more rules and regulations,
The more thieves and robbers.
So we can conclude that the idea of a spontaneous order arising from mutual cooperation is not new at all, and it is at the very heart of Austrian Economics and their advocacy of laissez-faire. The central idea is that millions of people working together will come up with ideas far better than some committee members of even the brightest of people. Trial and error will lead the “crowd” to outperform the panel of “experts” every time; and that is even on the rare occasions when the government panel is actually trying to help the masses.
Letting the people voluntarily order society is the path to our greatest fulfillment. Let us toss aside all beliefs that some planning board made up of “experts” will do anything but harm.
Advertisements
Metasploit is an exploit development framework that facilitates penetration testing of IT systems. This tool initially started off as a game and was taken over by Rapid 7 for maintenance and further development. The main objective of this article is to learn the basics of exploitation with Metasploit and then climb the ladder gradually to the advanced level. Metasploit is a ruby driven environment. It allows us to develop exploits in ruby language and integrate them with existing repositories. Ruby language also allows us to use the existing exploits within its file system to carry out an attack. With this in mind, let's brush up the key terms needed for this article.
Threat: An undesirable event that has not yet taken place but can cause serious damage.
Exploit: The use of scripts and frameworks to attack a target system.
Payload: At its most basic definition, “payload” refers the action taken after the initial exploitation. It's a piece of code usually bundled up with the exploit.
Countermeasure: Patching existing vulnerabilities to prevent future attacks.
Let's start off with a basic exploitation of a Windows system using an exploit. The table below explains the general commands used in Metasploit.
Command Meaning search <pattern> Searches for a particular match of pattern given. For ex: “search abc” searches for all occurrences of “abc” in the results.
use <exploit name> This command tells the msf to use that particular exploit show options Allows us to view any fields that must be set up prior to carrying out an exploit. SET parameter Sets the value for a particular parameter.
Modifications: SETG sets that value to the parameter globally, which saves time and prevents us from having to re-set the parameter again and again. exploit Performs the attack on the target system
The figure shows the output for all the commands mentioned.
In the above figure, we used the search command to look for a pattern like “netapi”. Once this pattern is located, we executed the “use” command. This command brought us to the local area of the exploit, and we executed the commands with respect to the exploit. Here, we followed with “show options command” to get the required values that need to be input using the “set” command.
Here, we see that the RHOST ( emote host IP address) needs to be specified. Once we set the RHOST, we define the payload as shown in the following screenshot.
Setting up of a payload and listing of options for the particular payload
In the above screenshot, we observe that the RHOST is set and the payload is a Meterpreter shell. Meterpreter is a module of Metasploit that works on the principle of DLL injection. The bind_tcp module of the Meterpreter shell helps us get shell access to the system and we can run a huge list of Meterpreter commands, which we will explore further in this article.
The Meterpreter shell opened for us to “own” the target.
Vulnerability Information:
In this section, I would like to share the details regarding the vulnerability used to exploit the target Windows XP machine that had the most up-to-date service pack installed on it. The code for this vulnerability is ms08_067_netapi. This name indicates that the vulnerability was discovered in the year 2008, and that it is a Microsoft product (in this case a Windows product) in the netapi module. According to Microsoft, this vulnerability in the Windows XP, 2003 based systems, allows the attacker to run malicious codes over the RPC without any authentication. The attack is done on the TCP port 445, which is used for SMB over TCP connections. The above attack is performed assuming that the victim doesn't have any firewall and any antivirus in their system.
After the Exploitation – Stealing Windows Passwords and Decrypting Them!
What can we do after exploitation? This is the fundamental question asked every time after we compromise a system. Well, the answer depends on the creativity of the attacker. In this case, I would demonstrate the process for stealing credentials of the Windows login after the initial attack.
Stealing login credentials is helpful in the privilege escalation phase when the attacker doesn't have any privilege to carry out “important” post-exploitation steps. Thus, they would try to get all the information regarding the login credentials. This will also help the attacker to update their dictionary of passwords for later attacks. We use the command called “hashdump” to dump all the Windows login hashes into the text file. We have the following screenshot demonstrating the same:
The hashdump command.
Following this, we have the lot of privilege escalation tools like hashcat, John the Ripper of the backtrack machine. In this article, I shall demonstrate John the Ripper tool for cracking these hashes.
John the Ripper crack's the password.
In the above screenshot, the hashes are copied to the hash_text.txt file. Then we run the command as shown in the figure to obtain the cracked passwords. We see that these passwords were not salted and thus, easy to crack.
With this short demonstration we have seen how we can escalate privileges on the victim machine. In this part, we have looked at a victim PC that had no firewall protection. In the following section, we'll review how to attack a victim PC when the Windows firewall is switched ON and how to later kill the firewall entirely.
Attacking a Victim Behind Windows Firewall:
In the screenshot above, we can notice that, the Windows firewall is turned ON. Now, let's test the previously described attack method to see if we can bypass this firewall without any new steps.
The connection timed out due to the presence of the firewall.
So, now we have seen that, it's not possible to run a Meterpreter shell and exploit the target via a direct method since we have the firewall ON. We need to look for alternative ways.
Metasploit Auxiliary Modules!
Metasploit comes with a bundle of auxiliary modules that can be also be used to perform attacks and compromise a system. As you all know, there is no patch for human stupidity; we need to exploit the human mind and gain access to target systems by bypassing the firewall. Is it simple? Let's see in the next section.
I shall be using the module named as “browser_autopwn” to socially engineer the victim and make them click on the link that I provide them with. The success of this attack depends on a rigorous, information-gathering phase and also on the most creative social engineering methods. Creativity falls within the purview of the specific attacker, and they or they can use any methods to lure the victim to click on the link. Let's see how this works:
This figure shows the options available in this module.
In the above screenshot, we see that, LHOST needs to be setup to be the attacker machine, as the listening server is launched on the attacker machine. The victim's PC needs to be able to know where to connect back once the exploitation is complete. SRVHOST and other parameters can be set as default. Let's set the SRVPORT to be 80 because 8080 port may raise the victim's suspicion. We need to set URIPATH to “/” for the attack. After completing the settings, let's see what actually happens with this module when we launch an exploit:
Browser_autopwn in action.
On launching the exploit command, we see that the module has loaded 24 modules of exploits. Now, as expected, when the user clicks on the link, it launches a Meterpreter shell and opens a channel to connect to the victim.
Victim clicking on the link provided and is welcomed with a blank page.
When the victim is welcomed by a blank screen, the channel is open for exploitation.
In the previous two screenshots, we see that, the victim lands on a blank page from the client side. But, in the server side (attacker machine) we see that a lot of activity is going on, and the module is detecting a suitable exploit to launch itself and open a Meterpreter shell. We also observe that, on launching the exploit, the browser closes at the victim site and the whole exploit self migrates to a new process and runs in the background.
Successful attack and Meterpreter opened.
In the above screenshot, we see the process migration and sessions to notepad. Additionally, we interact with the channel by mentioning the channel ID and using the attribute –i. We also observe the “getuid” command which allows our current privilege to be administrator privilege. As all of us are aware, the Windows super-user privilege is to the SYSTEM user.
The cmd shell needs to be executed to know the type of firewall running on the target system. We use the “execute –f cmd.exe –c –H” command to execute a shell to interact with and channel it using the –c attribute. We also use the –H to hide it from prompting on the desktop of the victim.
Checking for the status of the firewall on the target system.
We run a command called as “netsh firewall show opmode” to view the status of the firewall. The above screenshot shows the same in action. Now, to disable the firewall remotely in the victim PC, we just need to run a command “netsh firewall set opmode mode=DISABLE”.
Firewall disabled in the victim PC remotely.
Cross verifying the settings using Backtrack machine.
In this section, we have seen that running netsh commands with appropriate attributes and performing client side attacks using Classical social engineering tactics can allow us to evade firewalls and bypass firewall security. In the above demonstration, we have seen all this in action.
Finally, Clearing Logs in the Victim PC:
As we all know, it's not a good idea to leave our footprints after the exploitation process. Let's just briefly see the simplest way to clear the footprints in the victim PC remotely using Meterpreter. By now, you all have learned that Meterpreter is very powerful tool, which comes with a few well-defined scripts in ruby to carry out processes for an attacker. Lets first look in to the event logs in the victim PC:
A quick look at the event logs of the victim PC.
As we see in the above screenshot, the victim PC is keeping track of three different of logs: application, security, and system. These logs note every event that happens on the computer. When someone goes through the logs, it is possible that the attacker's tracks will be found here and traced back to the individual attacker. To avoid this, we clear all the event logs in one shot using the Meterpreter module. The command used is “clearev”. This command basically clears all the three logs, when specified without any attributes. Let's see this in action:
Wiping off records from logs.
As we see in the above screenshot, all the event logs are deleted by this command. We can now relax and maintain access to the system through techniques like backdooring, rootkits, etc. Metasploit is particularly useful for backdooring executables when you embed a malicious executable in the victim's PC. Once you've embedded this executable, you can maintain access to the PC as long as the executable remains undistributed on the victim PC.
Conclusion:
In this article we have seen various modules of Metasploit. We started off with basic exploitation of a target system without a firewall, and then gradually advanced to attacking a victim behind a firewall and evading it. Following this, we even reviewed how to kill a firewall remotely by spawning cmd shells stealthily. Finally, we saw how to clear traces in one shot using inbuilt Meterpreter functions. By now, it's very clear that Metasploit is a very powerful tool when used with proper technique and proper analysis of the scenario. The usage of the tool has no limits as long as the attacker remains innovative in their use of social engineering and attack methodology. Experience and practice with the tool makes things a lot easier, so get your hands dirty with this amazing tool and play it safe.
In the press coverage of the civil wars in Iraq and Syria lately the so-called Islamic State has been getting most of the attention. For good reason.
Last month IS defeated the Iraqi government in the city of Ramadi. The group is about to celebrate its one-year anniversary of conquering Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, and it also remains potent in Syria. Last month the group seized the ancient city of Palmyra in the east of Syria, executed around 200 captives, and has since been pushing west towards Damascus.
But the successes and excesses of IS - the groups extreme reveling in savagery like enslaving teenage girls and beheading and burning captives alive - has also provided an enormous rebranding opportunity for another major rebel group in Syria: Al Qaeda's local affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra. The jihadi group, which has engaged in combat with IS as well as Syrian government forces, has been coordinating with an array of so-called "moderate" Islamist rebel groups in an organization called Jaish al-Fateh and has been in the vanguard of some of the rebellion's against the biggest successes against Bashar al-Assad in recent weeks, particularly in Idlib province.
For governments who see the defeat of the Assad government as the most important thing in Syria - countries like Saudi Arabia and Qatar and Turkey, who fear Assad's ally Iran more than they due Sunni jihadis - the Al Qaeda affiliate's successes have been something to be celebrated, and a wedge to suggest that the group really isn't so so bad, after all. They don't have the head-chopping zeal of IS, goes the argument, and their willingness to align with more Syrian nationalist rebel groups means that their ultimate, transnational jihadi ideology will be cast aside for the greater good the rebellion.
That's the case that Jabhat al-Nusra's leader Abu Mohammed al-Jolani has made in two recent interviews with Al Jazeera, the Qatar-government controlled television channel that of late has gone all-in with the Islamist opposition to Assad and carried a series of broadcasts with inflammatory sectarian themes (one prominent Al Jazeera program recently hosted a debate in which the question of whether all of Syria's Alawites, including the children, deserve death; the host Faisal Qasim and one of their guests concluded 'yes').
Jolani said their group continues to acknowledge Pakistan-based Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri's authority, and that the former close confidant of Osama bin Laden has ordered the group not plan any attacks on Western targets. They said religious minorities like the Alawites - the sect Assad and much of their inner circle belong to - have nothing to fear in a Syria in which Al Qaeda rules. "If any of you abandons the regime and repents... they will be forgiven and have the right to live as a Syrian citizen," Jolani said. As for turning its sites on the US someday: "Our battle is with the Assad regime, and we have nothing to do with the US - although it bombed us so many times."
Al Jazeera followed up with an opinion piece by its Islamabad bureau chief Ahmad Zaidan, which was positively glowing about Nusra.
The US and the West can react to Nusra as they deem suitable. Washington used to depict the PLO as a terrorist outfit - but then took a U-turn. The Taliban in Afghanistan were once the main target of the US military, but is not currently designated a "terrorist organisation" by either the UN, UK or US. The White House does not even brand Hezbollah or Iranian Quds Force's Qassem Soleimani "terrorists"... The Obama administration may be at ease with the idea of armed groups alien to the Iraqi population fighting on behalf of Baghdad - but continues to have a problem with Syrian fighters - such as those who make up Nusra's ranks - fighting in Syria. This dichotomy will not serve the West's interests.
Charles Lister, a fellow at Brookings Doha Center, writes that there's some evidence that Nusra's new "pragmatism" as its often called represents real division within the Al Qaeda supporters in Syria - some of which really do seem interested in an Islamist project for the country without sharing Al Qaeda's ultimate goal of the destruction of the US and other "far enemies." But they also argue that expecting a pragmatic stance to evolve into a new belief system for the group would be foolish.
For now, moderation or not, Jabhat al-Nusra must still be viewed as an avowed member of al Qaeda — an organization whose express objective remains to attack and destroy the Western world. Jolani's interview may have appeared to some as having revealed more moderate positions on issues like minorities, strict Sharia law, and hostilities with the West, but all such positions were limited to the conditions prevalent today — war. Should the Assad regime one day fall or be pushed aside in a negotiated political transition, al Qaeda's true colors will surely be revealed. If for that reason only, the international community must view Jabhat al-Nusra's cunning positioning as part of a long-term plan. Syria is on Europe's doorstep and our 20-year enemy, al Qaeda, is outbidding us and appropriating the support of many of those who could otherwise have been our friends.
The history of Al Qaeda's affiliates in the region aren't reassuring on this score. The old Al Qaeda in Iraq (which evolved into the Islamic State), expressly sought a sectarian war with Iraq's Shiite Arabs and famously got one - with tens of thousands of civilians killed in reprisal killings by both sides.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Human Rights Watch alleges that Nusra was responsible for "systematic and widespread violations including targeting civilians, kidnappings, and executions" in 2014 and that it had "imposed strict and discriminatory rules on women and girls and... actively recruited child soldiers." Meanwhile, the US-backed Free Syrian Army has been coordinating heavily with Nusra and other Islamist factions in Jaish al-Fateh.
If victory comes for the rebels, war after the war will be inevitable. And even if the Islamic State is somehow routed from Syria, it's hard to expect Jabhat al-Nusra won't try to be the victor in deciding what comes next for Syria.
(CNN) President Barack Obama has personally apologized. But they didn't go far enough, according to Doctors Without Borders, the aid group whose hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz was hit by a deadly U.S. airstrike.
The charity group -- which is also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres, or MSF, and provides medical care in some of the world's most dangerous places -- is calling the strike an "attack on the Geneva Conventions" and urging an independent investigation by a never-before-used international commission.
The International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission has been in existence since 1991. It requires a request by one of the 76 nations that have signed on to it for it to begin its work. Its job is to investigate whether international humanitarian law has been violated.
"Governments up to now have been too polite or afraid to set a precedent," Dr. Joanne Liu, president of Doctors Without Borders, said Wednesday. "The tool exists, and it is time it is activated."
On Wednesday morning, Obama called and apologized directly to Liu. In a White House statement on that conversation, they highlighted a U.S. military investigation into the strike and pledged full support to a joint NATO and Afghan government probe.
But there was no mention of the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission.
"President Obama expressed regret over the tragic incident and offered their thoughts and prayers on behalf of the American people to the victims, their families, and loved ones," the White House statement said.
"Acknowledging the great respect they have for the important and lifesaving work that MSF does for vulnerable communities in Afghanistan and around the world, the President assured Liu of their expectation that the Department of Defense investigation currently underway would provide a transparent, thorough and objective accounting of the facts and circumstances of the incident."
The Doctors Without Borders chief acknowledged Obama's apology, but doesn't want them to stop there. They pushed for the United States to allow an international investigation.
"We reiterate our (request) that the U.S. government consent to an independent investigation led by the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission to establish what happened in Kunduz, how it happened, and why it happened," Liu said.
For charity, 'the biggest loss of life ... in an airstrike'
The attack in the embattled city Saturday killed 12 medical staff members and at least 10 patients, three of them children. It was "the biggest loss of life for our organization in an airstrike," Liu said.
'If we let this go, we are basically giving blank check to any countries at war' says #MSF Int'l Prez @JoanneLiu_MSF pic.twitter.com/p3YDpUepbq — MSF East Africa (@MSFNairobi) October 7, 2015
Another 37 people were wounded, according to the global charity group, which works in conflict zones to help victims of war and other tragedies.
Gen. John Campbell, commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, has said the hospital was hit accidentally during an American airstrike. The Pentagon is carrying out an investigation, as are NATO and Afghanistan.
"If errors were committed, we will acknowledge them," Campbell said. "We will hold those responsible accountable, and we will take steps to ensure mistakes are not repeated."
Doctors Without Borders said it wants a full and transparent investigation by an independent agency.
"Their description of the attack keeps changing -- from collateral damage, to a tragic incident, to now attempting to pass responsibility to the Afghanistan government," the group said.
What the U.S. said and when Saturday, 3 October -- Col. Brian Tribus, spokesperson for U.S. Forces in Afghanistan "U.S. forces conducted an airstrike in Kunduz city at 2:15am (local), Oct 3, against individuals threatening the force. The strike may have resulted in collateral damage to a nearby medical facility. This incident is under investigation." Sunday, 4 October -- Gen. John Campbell, U.S. military chief in Afghanistan "U.S. forces conducted an airstrike in Kunduz city at 2:15am (local), Oct 3, against insurgents who were directly firing upon U.S. service members advising and assisting Afghan Security Forces in the city of Kunduz. The strike was conducted in the vicinity of a Doctors Without Borders medical facility." Monday, 5 October -- Gen. John Campbell, U.S. military chief in Afghanistan "We have now learned that on October 3, Afghan forces advised that they were taking fire from enemy positions and asked for air support from U.S. forces. An airstrike was then called to eliminate the Taliban threat and several civilians were accidentally struck. This is different from the initial reports, which indicated that U.S. forces were threatened and that the airstrike was called on their behalf." Tuesday, 6 October -- Gen. John Campbell to the Senate committee "On Saturday morning our forces provided close air support to Afghan forces at their request. To be clear the decision to provide aerial fires was a U.S. decision, made within the U.S. chain of command. A hospital was mistakenly struck. We would never intentionally target a protected medical facility ... I assure you that the investigation will be thorough, objective and transparent."
'Today, we say, 'Enough''
The United States has changed its account of what brought on the airstrike.
First, U.S. officials said that initial reports indicated the airstrike was called to protect U.S. forces. Then it said Afghan forces called for the air support because the Afghans were taking fire.
"Today, we say, 'Enough,' " Liu said.
"Today we are fighting back for the respect of the Geneva Conventions. As doctors, we are fighting back for the sake of our patients."
It's an open question as to whether the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission could initiate an inquiry. The panel's website says it requires the consent of the parties involved, and neither the United States nor Afghanistan recognizes the commission.
Jason Cone, the U.S. executive director for Doctors Without Borders, called on one of the 76 nations that recognize the panel to press the issue on the charity's behalf, though none of the 76 had stepped forward as of midday Wednesday. They said the changing U.S. accounts of the strikes underscore the need for an independent inquiry.
Cone paid tribute to the doctors who they said carried on treating the wounded while watching their colleagues die and while the hospital burned.
"In Kunduz, our patients burned in their beds, our doctors' nurses and other staff were killed as they worked, our colleagues had to operate on each other. One of our doctors died on an improvised operating table, an office desk, while their colleagues tried to save their lives," Cone said.
A balance between humanity and military necessity
Photos: Doctors Without Borders hospital attacked in Afghanistan Photos: Doctors Without Borders hospital attacked in Afghanistan Flames are visible inside a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, after a U.S. airstrike on Saturday, October 3. At least 30 people died in the attack, the charity said in its internal review of the strike released Thursday, November 5. The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan have said the hospital was hit accidentally. Hide Caption 1 of 5 Photos: Doctors Without Borders hospital attacked in Afghanistan Doctors Without Borders said it had emailed the GPS coordinates of its main hospital and administration office building at the Kunduz center before the airstrike. The U.S. commander said airstrikes were called after Afghan troops advised they were "taking fire from enemy positions."
Hide Caption 2 of 5 Photos: Doctors Without Borders hospital attacked in Afghanistan Doctors Without Borders is asking for an indepedent investigation by the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission. President Barack Obama has apologized to the charity group for the attack. Hide Caption 3 of 5 Photos: Doctors Without Borders hospital attacked in Afghanistan The attacks came as fighting intensified between Afghan government forces -- supported by U.S. air power and military advisers -- and the Taliban, which invaded Kunduz in late September. Hide Caption 4 of 5 Photos: Doctors Without Borders hospital attacked in Afghanistan "We were running a hospital treating patients, including wounded combatants from both sides -- this was not a 'Taliban base,' " said Dr. Joanne Liu, international president of Doctors Without Borders or Médecins Sans Frontières, upon release of the group's internal review of the attack. Hide Caption 5 of 5
In general terms, a war crime may be committed when there is an attack on a civilian population during an armed conflict, said Steven Kay, a lawyer who defended Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta against charges of crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court,
There is an extensive body of law that regulates military action during conflict.
The aim, said Anthony Dworkin, a human rights expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations, is to draw a balance between what armed forces are justified to do out of military necessity -- which includes causing collateral damage to civilians -- and the principles of humanity.
"Hospitals enjoy a special protected status under international humanitarian law. So, to attack a hospital or medical facility, whether it is a civilian or military installation, is a crime," Kay said.
Saturday wasn't the first time Doctors Without Borders has complained about military action on the Kunduz hospital.
In July, the aid group condemned what it called a "violent incursion by armed members of Afghan Special Forces." The troops allegedly entered the hospital -- which, according to MSF, "has a strict no weapons policy" like its other facilities -- and "physically assaulted three MSF staff members (and arrested) three patients." Those patients were released after an hour.
"Since it opened in 2011, Kunduz Trauma Center has been a place where all patients can receive free medical and surgical care safely," MSF's Director of Operations Dr. Bart Janssens said at the time. "This serious event puts at risk the lives of thousands of people who rely on the center for urgent care."
Finally! It's done
Seeing ~chichapie's entry for our Art Jam in progress inspired me to do make this even if i had made one already! It's pure love! hehehe check them out~!!
Thanks for viewing!!
If you want a detailed look at some parts
as well as a vague tutorial of the workflow
behind this piece, Click here..
<div align=center>
Run baybeh, Run!!!</div>
<div align=right>
here's my other entry:
thanks for the faves & features! I had fun doing this, and your appreciation is much appreciated!! </div>
<div align=right>
PS: our humble little art jam was so awesome
that four of our entries got DDs!!! Congrats to us, and actually,
congrats to all of us actually because
we all did our bestest and came up
with a kick-ass themed collection!
Dedicated to and to a few certain individuals!
Andrew Cockburn has written a must-read book. The title is Kill Chain: The Rise Of The High-Tech Assassins. The title could just as well be: How the US Government and US Military Became Murder, Inc.
The US military no longer does war. It does assassinations, usually of the wrong people. The main victims of the US assassination policy are women, children, village elders, weddings, funerals, and occasionally US soldiers mistaken for Taliban by US surveillance operating with the visual acuity of the definition of legal blindness.
Cockburn tells the story of how the human element has been displaced by remote control killing guided by misinterpretation of unclear images on screens collected by surveillance drones and sensors thousands of miles away. Cockburn shows that the “all-seeing” drone surveillance system is an operational failure but is supported by defense contractors because of its high profitability and by the military brass because general officers, with the exception of General Paul Van Ripper, are brainwashed in the belief that the revolution in military affairs means that high-tech devices replace the human element. Cockburn demonstrates that this belief is immune to all evidence to the contrary. The US military has now reached the point that Secretary of Defense Hagel deactivated both the A-10 close support fighter and the U-2 spy plane in favor of the operationally failed unmanned Global Hawk System. With the A-10 and U-2 went the last platforms for providing a human eye on what is happening on the ground.
The surveillance/sensor technology cannot see human footprints in the snow. Consequently, the drone technology concluded that a mountain top was free of enemy and sent a detachment of unsuspecting SEALS to be shot up. Still insisting no enemy present, a second group of SEALS is sent to be shot up, and then a detachment of Army Rangers. Finally, an A-10 pilot flew over the scene and reported the enemy's presence in force.
By 2012 even the US Air Force, which had been blindly committed to the unmanned drone system, had experienced more failure than could any longer be explained away. The Air Force admitted that the 50-year old U-2 could fly higher and in bad weather and take better pictures than the expensive Global Hawk System and declared the Global Hawk system scrapped.
The decision was supported by the 2011 report from the Pentagon's test office that the drone system was “not operationally effective.” Among its numerous drawbacks was its inability to carry out assigned missions 75% of the time. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff told Congress that in addition to the system's unacceptable failure rate, the drone system “has fundamentally priced itself out of our ability to afford it.”
As Cockburn reports: “It made no difference. Congress, led by House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon and Democratic Congressman Jim Moran (whose northern Virginia district hosts the headquarters of both Northrop and Raytheon) effortless brushed aside these pleas, forcing the Air Force to keep buying the unwanted drone.”
Cockburn provides numerous examples of the utter failure of the unmanned revolution ushered in by unrealistic dreamers, such as Andrew Marshall, John Foster, William Perry, and David Deptula, who have done much harm to the US military and American taxpayers. The failure stories are legion and sad. Almost always the victims are the innocent going about their everyday affairs.
The book opens with the story of three vehicles crammed with people from the same village heading to Kabul. Some were students returning to school in Kabul, some were shopkeepers heading to the capital to buy supplies, others were unemployed men on their way to Iran seeking work, and some were women bringing gifts for relatives. This collection of ordinary people, represented on screens by vague images, was willfully mistaken, as the reproduced conversations between drone operators and assassins show, for a senior Taliban commander leading forces to attack a US Special Forces patrol. The innocent civilians were blown to smithereens.
The second chapter tells of the So Tri, an indigenous people in the remote wilderness of southeastern Laos who were bombed for nine years because the stupid American military sowed their environment with sensors that called down bombs when human presence was detected. High-tech warfare misidentified the villagers with Viet Cong moving through jungle routes.
One heartbreaking story follows another. If surveillance suspects the presence of a High Value Target in a restaurant, regardless of nominal restrictions on the number of innocents who can be murdered as the “collateral damage” part of the strike, the entire restaurant and all within are destroyed by a hellfire missile. Remember that the Israelis denounce terrorists for exploding suicide vests inside Israeli restaurants. What the US military does is even worse.
On other occasions the US assassinates an underling of a High Value Target on the
assumption that the Target will attend the funeral which is obliterated from the air whether the Target is present or not.
As the murders are indiscriminate, the US military defines all males killed to be valid targets. Generally, the US will not admit the deaths of non-Targets, and some US officials have declared there to be no such deaths. Blatant and obvious lies issue without shame in order to protect the “operationally ineffective” and very expensive high-tech production runs that mean billions of taxpayer dollars for the military/security complex and comfortable 7-figure employment salaries with contractors after retirement for the military brass.
ORDER IT NOW
When you read this book you will weep for your country ruled as it is by completely immoral and inhumane monsters. But Cockburn's book is not without humor. They tell the story of Marine Lt. General Paul Van Riper, the scourge of the Unmanned Revolution in Military affairs, who repeatedly expressed contempt for the scientifically unsupported theories of unmanned war. To humiliate Gen. Ripper with a defeat in a massive war game as leader of the enemy Red force against the high-tech American Blue force, they were called out of retirement to participate in a war game stacked against him.
The Blue force armored with a massive database (Operational Net Assessment) and overflowing with acronyms was almost instantly wiped out by General Ripper. They sank the entire aircraft carrier fleet and the entire Blue force army went down with it. The war was over. The 21st century US high-tech, effects-based military was locked into a preset vision and was beaten hands down by a maverick Marine general with inferior forces.
The Joint Forces Command turned purple with rage. Gen. Ripper was informed that the outcome of the war game was unacceptable and would not stand. The sunken fleet magically re-floated, the dead army was resurrected, and the war was again on, only this time restriction after restriction was placed on the Red force. Ripper was not allowed to shoot down the Blue force's troop transports. Ripper was ordered to turn on all of the Red force's radars so that the Red forces could be easily located and destroyed. Umpires ruled, despite the facts, that all of Ripper's missile strikes were intercepted. Victory was declared for high-tech war. Ripper's report on the total defeat of the Blue force, its unwarranted resurrection, and the rigged outcome was promptly classified so that no one could read it.
The highly profitable Revolution in Military Affairs had to be protected at all costs along with the reputations of the incompetent generals that comprise today's high command.
The infantile behavior of the US military compelled to create a victory for its high-tech, but legally blind, surveillance warfare demonstrates how far removed from the ability to conduct real warfare the US military is. What the US military has done in Afghanistan and Iraq is to create far more enemies than it has killed. Every time high-tech killing murders a village gathering, a wedding or funeral, or villagers on the way to the capital, which is often, the US creates hundreds more enemies. This is why after 14 years of killing in Afghanistan, the Taliban now control most of the country. This is why Islamist warriors have carved a new country out of Syria and Iraq despite eight years of American sacrifice in Iraq estimated by Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes to have cost Americans a minimum of $3 trillion. The total failure of the American way of war is obvious to all, but the system rolls on autonomously.
The Revolution in Military Affairs has decapitated the US military, which no longer has the knowledge or ability or human tools to conduct war. If the crazed Russophobic US generals get their way and end up in confrontation with Russia, the American forces will be destroyed. The humiliation of this defeat will cause Washington to take the war nuclear.
Here is Stanislav Mishin's view of what awaits the foolish West: h ttp://russia-insider.com/en/2015/03/22/4790
MUMBAI: Twenty-eight-year-old Ankita Sinha had worked as a production engineer in turbo generator manufacturing in the state-run engineering company, Bharat Heavy Electrical Ltd (Bhel) for four years before they signed up for an executive MBA course at the Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad, a year ago. Sinha, who was the only female assigned to the production department at Bhel in their batch, wanted to accelerate their career growth and take on more leadership challenges.Like Sinha, Akanksha Bishnoi, a former manager at Maruti Suzuki India , felt the need to reskill and leapfrog their career. Bishnoi, an electrical and instrumentation engineer who has been an active volunteer for the ‘Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao' campaign in Haryana, is part of ISB's executive MBA class of 2017.The group, which graduates this weekend, has the highest number of women professionals with 280 women (31%) in a batch of 903, the biggest increase since the programme's inception 15 years ago. ISB's first class of Post Graduate Programme in Management in 2002 had 128 students, out of which 26 were women.“We have the largest pool of women students in India, and this has been increasing. On the one hand, there is more awareness and willingness among women to reskill and chart out a growth path. On the other, companies are realising the need to tap the well-qualified women talent,” said Dishan Kamdar, deputy dean, Academic Programmes, ISB. The institute is among the first to start a one-year full-time MBA programme for working executives.ISB is not alone. Companies are become increasingly aware of the unique skillsets that women bring to the table and a large number of female professionals are aspiring to reskill themselves and are making it to the one-year executive MBA programme at premier business schools, including the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) at Calcutta, Bangalore and Kozhikode, among others.“Firms are increasingly aware of the need for greater diversity. Also, with the new Companies Act on the mandated need to have at least one woman on board, firms are looking at promoting women in leadership roles that is leading to the need for upgradation of skills,” said Biju Paul Abraham, dean, IIM Calcutta.IIM Calcutta's PGPEX programme (Post Graduate Programme for Executives) batch of 2016-17 had 10 women out of 68 students, up from 6 in 2015-16 and 3 in 2014-15. The average age of women is 30, and they come from diverse backgrounds like information technology, manufacturing, automobile, infrastructure, retail, FMCG, consulting, etc.The number of women applicants for the one-year MBA programme (EPGP) at IIM Bangalore has also risen. In 2014-15, there were five women candidates in the one-year full-time residential MBA programme at IIM-B. In the class of 2017-18, which begins on March 31, 23 women candidates have been admitted. “Yes, we expect the trend to continue. They see a great value the programme can provide to their career, especially for those looking for a change,” said U Dinesh Kumar, professor and chairperson, Executive Post Graduate Programme in Management at IIM-B.At ISB, companies such as Credit Suisse, AT Kearney, Google, Bain, Crisil , GE India, etc. have all absorbed female students for leadership roles from the latest batch.At IIM Kozhikode, the representation of women in its Executive Post Graduate Programme in Management increased from 6% in 2014 (6 women in a batch of 92) to 16% in 2016 (24 in a batch of 152).“This trend is fairly common in the US and is now catching up in India too,” said D Rajiv Krishnan, partner, Ernst and Young. There's a growing trend of women taking a second MBA either from a global business school or a premier institute in the country. For instance, there are cases where an HR person has reinvented themselves as a marketing or strategy professional. “Women are aggressively going for better and better quality. They are very conscious about their career and growth path,” they said.Even non-IIMs such as Institute of Management Technology, Ghaziabad , which had hardly two or three women in the executive MBA batch a couple of years ago, has about 20% women in its latest batch of 40. Juggling marriage, motherhood and other crucial stages in life, women are giving equal importance to their careers. This is reflected in the increasing representation of women in workforce and hence there is a growing trend of women enrolling in executive MBA,” said Atish Chattopadhyay, director, IMT Ghaziabad.
December 22, 2012 — andyextance
This has been another year of striking climate events and records – but they seem to be happening so much more often today that their effect on me has weakened. That's pretty cold-hearted, I admit. ‘Extreme weather' is having terrible effects on peoples' lives all around the world. But the truth is that we can only handle so many problems before becoming too numbed and overwhelmed to act. And last year, Stefan Rahmstorf and coworkers at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research showed temperature records are much more likely today than in a stable climate. “I don't think many people appreciate how much the odds for such extremes have increased due to global warming,” they told me at the time. “I certainly didn't until we had performed this study.” So it's hardly surprising if we begin to get complacent when records are flowing thick and fast. But when I actually faced up to what's happened in the climate this year, it was intriguing how well you could see global warming's fingerprint.
Warming's most dramatic effects have long been obvious in the Arctic, and 2012 was no different. Images from three satellites showed that almost Greenland's entire ice sheet surface was temporarily melted by July 12. That's the largest area in over 30 years of satellite observations. Then, on September 16, sea ice in the Arctic reached a record annual minimum area of 1.32 million square miles, approximately half the size of the average annual minimum for 1979 to 2000. Just two weeks later, Antarctic sea ice covered its highest area on record at the peak of winter, at 7.49 million square miles. In case you think that's a natural balance that shows the planet isn't warming, it's worth noticing the scale of the changes. The Antarctic record is 193,000 square miles higher than its average maximum area for the last 30 years. That's much less than the 1.32 million square miles the Arctic lost compared to its long-term average.
Jet streams and UK floods
The Arctic melt impacts climate in the rest of the world Jiping Liu, now at University at Albany, State University of New York, told me in March. “Stronger westerly winds, also known as the jet stream, keep cold Arctic air confined in the polar regions,” they said. “But reduced Arctic sea ice can result in a weaker and much more variable jet stream. When the jet stream is weak we instead have atmospheric blocking circulations. These let cold, Arctic air mass into lower latitudes bringing cold conditions which favour snowfall.” That could be an important consideration in the UK, where I live. April 2012 was the wettest in the country's records, which date back to 1910. That was partly down to the jet stream flowing over the UK, rather than to its north as it has done in the past. The UK's Met Office also noted a potential link between the unusual jet stream and the Arctic melt.
The UK's April wetness record came just as researchers showed that climate change is strengthening the cycle of rain falling and evaporating by twice as much as models predict. I asked one of the team, Susan Wijffels from the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) in Hobart, Australia, how the finding was linked to the wet UK. “It's associated with the fact that a warmer atmosphere can shuttle and carry around more water and energy,” they said. “Flood periods will be more intense and drought periods will be hotter, drier, leading to more water deprivation during those periods.” The country then went on from a wet spring to see its wettest summer for 100 years, and its second wettest on record. The UK then saw widespread flooding in November – including in my hometown, Exeter. Looking back as I write this in December, Wijffels' comments look all the wiser.
More intense, less frequent
People in the US might think the same, as the country saw the most severe and extensive drought in 25 years. And the country should brace for more of the same as climate change continues, Christopher Schwalm, from Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff told me in August. They have found that conditions the US Midwest saw in its 2000-2004 drought will become normal by the end of the 21st century. They back Wijffels' point about the changes in the water cycle, that droughts are the flipside to flood periods. “Precipitation will happen in spurts, more intensive rainfall in a relatively short period of time,” they said. “Similarly, the amount of time between such events is expected to increase. So we will see fewer but more intense rainfall events, and therefore more droughts.”
Climate scientists have also projected that storms will change in a similar pattern, becoming more intense but fewer. But overall, that will add up to a “greatly increased” number of people threatened by tropical cyclones and the disasters they can cause over the next 20 years. So said research published in February by Bruno Chatenoux from the Global Change and Vulnerability Unit at the United Nations Environment Program in Geneva, Switzerland. That again seems especially relevant with 2012 being a year for notable storms. In October Hurricane Sandy hit the Caribbean and US, causing a record storm surge in New York City. Storm intensification in the Atlantic is down to both increasing greenhouse gas and reducing soot emissions, Gabriel Vecchi at the US National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) in Princeton, New Jersey told me earlier this month. Then, in December Typhoon Pablo swept away towns in the Phillippines, killing hundreds. It also became the most southerly typhoon on record, the second in a year to reach the Philippine island of Mindanao.
It's not currently possible to definitely say whether any given weather event is caused by climate change – although climate scientists are trying to establish links. But 2012 saw a series of incidents that fit with climate scientists' projections and harmed people, their homes and livelihoods. Sometimes it's hard to absorb their implications – but they're worth thinking about if you get the chance.
Journal References:
Newell, B., & Pitman, A. (2010). The Psychology of Global Warming Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society, 91 (8), 1003-1014 DOI: 10.1175/2010BAMS2957.1
Rahmstorf, S., & Coumou, D. (2011). Increase of extreme events in a warming world proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences, 108 (44), 17905-17909 DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1101766108
Liu, J., Curry, J., Wang, H., Song, M., & Horton, R. (2012). Impact of declining Arctic sea ice on winter snowfall Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1114910109
Durack, P., Wijffels, S., & Matear, R. (2012). Ocean Salinities Reveal Strong Global Water Cycle Intensification During 1950 to 2000 Science, 336 (6080), 455-458 DOI: 10.1126/science.1212222
Schwalm, C., Williams, C., Schaefer, K., Baldocchi, D., Black, T., Goldstein, A., Law, B., Oechel, W., Paw U, K., & Scott, R. (2012). Reduction in carbon uptake during turn of the century drought in western North America Nature Geoscience, 5 (8), 551-556 DOI: 10.1038/ngeo1529
Villarini, G., & Vecchi, G. (2012). Multi-Season Lead Forecast of the North Atlantic Power Dissipation Index (PDI) and Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE) Journal of Climate DOI: 10.1175/JCLI-D-12-00448.1
Peduzzi, P., Chatenoux, B., Dao, H., De Bono, A., Herold, C., Kossin, J., Mouton, F., & Nordbeck, O. (2012). Global trends in tropical cyclone risk Nature Climate Change, 2 (4), 289-294 DOI: 10.1038/nclimate1410
Pall, P., Aina, T., Stone, D., Stott, P., Nozawa, T., Hilberts, A., Lohmann, D., & Allen, M. (2011). Anthropogenic greenhouse gas contribution to flood risk in England and Wales in autumn 2000 Nature, 470 (7334), 382-385 DOI: 10.1038/nature09762
Min, S., Zhang, X., Zwiers, F., & Hegerl, G. (2011). Human contribution to more-intense precipitation extremes Nature, 470 (7334), 378-381 DOI: 10.1038/nature09763
Advertisements
School removes mirrors from girls' toilets 'to stop pupils putting on too much make-up'
Compared with lunchtime detention or a rebuke in the principal's office, it might seem a novel way to keep pupils' excesses in check.
But a secondary school has become so fed up with girls flouting its ‘discreet' make-up policy it has put in place a very direct solution: removing the mirrors.
The tough measure was introduced, along with a total ban on make-up, to stop pupils aged 14 to 16 from crowding in to the toilets to attend to their faces.
Fresh faced: Shelley College pupils Jessica Farnworth and Emily Stonehouse, both 14. Emily said they wore foundation, mascara and eyeliner before the ban
The school's zero-tolerance policy on make-up has also seen teachers being given make-up removal kits to ensure all pupils obey the rules.
Girls at Shelley College in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, are now checked for make-up every day.
Some girls are said to be furious about the rules, claiming that wearing make-up helps to give them confidence.
But John McNally, head teacher of the comprehensive school, said most pupils and parents support the measures.
Strict: Shelley College in Skelmanthorpe, Huddersfield, has banned female pupils from wearing make up
They said: ‘There comes a point when you need to stop teachers spending half an hour in the day talking to girls about their make-up. It is more sensible to say it's not allowed.
‘We removed the mirrors because there were a number of girls who were going in to the toilets at lunchtime and hanging around in there and eating their sandwiches.
‘The girls were attracted to the mirrors and when we removed them the problem stopped. Most have accepted the policy as the vast majority did not wear make-up and those who wore a little have been happy to stop.
‘The fuss is being caused by about five or six girls, who are the ones who wear the most make-up.
‘We have had a lot of support from parents. Of course some of the girls are trying to push the boundaries.'
Pupils aged under 14 have never been allowed make-up at the school and those in the sixth form are exempt from the ban.
Shelley College's principal, John McNally, said: 'I make no apology for adopting a strict stance on enforcing rules and I know we will receive widespread support from parents'
Mr McNally said the tougher stance reflected the ethos of the school.
They added: ‘We have just enjoyed outstanding success in recent examinations, with 75 per cent of our students passing five A* to C grade GCSEs, including English and mathematics. We expect high standards of our students in all respects, whether that be academic work or the way they behave.'
Pupils gave a mixed reaction to the measures yesterday. Some said the mirrors were initially boarded up but after girls uncovered them they were removed altogether.
Emily Stonehouse, 14, said: ‘Before the ban I'd wear foundation, mascara and eyeliner, now I don't wear any. It is a bit unfair, I do believe too much make-up can be a distraction but so too can little.'
Abigail Minor, 14, said: ‘It's not really a big deal. It's much better in the toilets now because it was so crowded before.'
Rebecca Mannifield, 14, said: ‘It's okay that we're all in it together, you realise nobody is no prettier or uglier, we all just look normal.
‘When the mirrors were taken away it did seem a bit extreme.'
Opeth, having grown in popularity and acceptance, are one of those bands that people will always have something to say about. The positives are that they continually try new things with their sound and keep things fresh. The negatives lean heavily towards the more subdued nature of their recent output, beginning with “Heritage”. But one thing that all fans of the band can agree on is that they put on one hell of a live show, touring the globe and producing live albums and films to prove how worthy they are on stage. And so with the release of the band's newest album “Sorceress” coming just days after the North American leg of their world tour commencing, Opeth have dropped in to Toronto's beautiful Massey Hall to indulge fans of both the new material, and the old.
Accompanying the headliners on this tour is The Sword. With their sound rooted in seventies hard rock, the band come across with a convincing blend of fuzz-laden stoner rock with progressive tendencies and metal leanings thrown in for good measure. With a majority of their set list coming from their latest studio album, 2015's “High Country”, the band came across as totally solid and exciting. The fans gave it back to this veteran band with much appreciation for their effort, and for getting the crowd moving and electric for the Swedish legends.
And with a quick set change, the progressive metal giants arrived to greet their legions of Toronto fans and opened with the title track from the new album. After hearing this album multiple times leading up to this show, I was excited to hear the new material in a live setting, and it came across without a hitch. “Ghost Of Perdition” followed which whipped the crowd into a frenzy with it's mix of death growls and powerful riffage. And to further thrill the old-school fans, the band pulled out the classic “Demon Of The Fall”, which made the crowd delirious. “The Wilde Flowers” helped to calm the crowd down a tad with some new live music to digest, with “Face Of Melinda”, “In My Time Of Need” and another new treat in the tranquil “Will O The Wisp” following, and letting the crowd soak in the beautiful melodies and more laid back songs from their extensive catalogue.
Not wanting to let the crowd get too subdued, main man Mikael Akerfeldt and company started to ramp the crowd back up with “Cusp Of Eternity” and “The Drapery Falls”. “The Devil's Orchard” played out wonderfully and shows how incredible and powerful their post death metal attitude translates in the live setting. “Hex Omega” closed out the set with a roar from the crowd. The band returned one more time to send us off into the night on a high note, and that they did with choosing “Deliverance” as their encore. With full lights and energy from the Toronto faithful, Opeth made myself and the crowd realize that they thrive when playing to their devoted fan base.
It also bears noting that Akerfeldt's infamous humorous side still comes across in hilarious form during song breaks, with the singer engaging the crowd with stories about meeting Robb Flynn from Machine Head and bringing up the guitarists recording tendencies with their old band Vio-lence, to telling the fan member yelling “Freebird” about how they own all of Lynyrd Skynyrd's catalogue (and them even teasing a song from that particular group). They also teased playing Kiss when recounting that they played in this same concert hall during their heyday. And I can't forget them constantly ragging on drummer Martin Axenrot for talking to a stagehand during the song breaks, once remarking “I believe Martin shat himself”. Akerfeldt not only overjoys us with their music, but makes us roar with laughter. What a guy.
So with a somewhat hard to please fan base which is either too picky on their musical direction at times, or upset with exclusions of certain songs from the set list, the band managed to win over everyone. Spanning their entire catalogue minus three albums, there was really something for everyone to enjoy. And with that knowledge, the most important part of the evening was to realize that this band loves what they do and loves their fans, which makes them the live show to beat as far as giving their all with every single song and show. And for myself, after not seeing them since the “Deliverance” tour, I was overjoyed to realize that they haven't lost a step in the live atmosphere in that large of a time span.
As someone who has dedicated a career to better understanding air pollution and climate change — and developing large-scale clean energy solutions that benefit our communities — I found it thrilling to see Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León introduce legislation that would require 100 percent of California's electricity to come from renewable sources by 2045.
This goal would change the game for Californians. And it's entirely feasible, if the right policies are in place.
Related Articles Viral video shows Feinstein dismissing kids over Green New Deal
San Jose community briefs for the week of Feb. 15
Saratoga community briefs for the week of Feb. 1
Is California's solar and wind projects at risk in PG&E bankruptcy? But realizing the Golden State's renewable energy future requires additional steps. We need to electrify transportation, heating and industry at an accelerated pace — a process that will create good-paying jobs, reduce air pollution deaths (an estimated 13,000 per year in California alone) and save households and businesses across our state billions of dollars in energy costs over the next few decades. We also need that additional electricity to come from clean, affordable and reliable sources.
All of this means that De León and their colleagues should incorporate integration of the Western power grid into their proposal — and every Californian who wants to save money on monthly energy costs and breathe cleaner air should urge them to do so.
The legislation should authorize the California Independent System Operator to become the regional Western Grid operator. CAISO needs to transition to a fully independent board, and all Western utilities and generators should then have the opportunity to join.
Our current fragmented grid system, in which 38 different operators move electricity to homes and businesses across Western states, is preventing renewable energy from reaching its full potential by blocking it from access to millions of potential users.
In the San Francisco Bay area, communities such as West Oakland suffer disproportionately high rates of air pollutants because of our over reliance on fossil fueled electricity generation, causing asthma and lung disease.
A coordinated Western regional grid will help on all these fronts. By operating the region's grid more efficiently and allowing clean energy to reach its full potential, we can reduce unnecessarily energy costs for families and toxic emissions into our air.
Some have worried about more imports of fossil fuel energy into California, but in fact the integration of our regional grid would boost clean energy production. Wind and solar always win when given the chance to show that they can run at lower cost than fossil-fueled power plants.
Today, such competition is limited by our inefficient and fragmented system, favoring the operators of aging and expensive coal and natural gas generators. But with an integrated grid, those operators would be required to show continuously that no lower-cost options were available to meet electricity demand in the region. Their plants would operate less frequently, creating more room on the grid for clean, renewable power.
Paving the way toward integrating our Western grid is vital to hitting De León's 100 percent clean energy target and all that comes with it: California's continued leadership in reducing toxic air pollution, growing our economy, stabilizing energy costs and combating climate change.
Mark Jacobson is a climate scientist and a professor at Stanford University. They wrote this for The Mercury News.
Reza Estakhrian/Getty Images
I recently read through a study published in The Journal of General Internal Medicine on the different ways that African-American and white doctors communicate nonverbally with older patients, and I was reminded of a former colleague, a specialist in brain tumors who stood out from the rest of us young doctors for two reasons.
First, though a relative newcomer to the hospital, they had diagnostic skills equal to those of physicians many years their senior. Second, and not unusual for over a decade ago, they were one of the few African-American physicians there.
One day I asked them to see one of my patients who had recently been given a cancer diagnosis. The patient, who was older and white, was sitting upright in their bed, surrounded by their wife and children, when we entered the room. But by the time we left, the patient, along with their relatives, was doing exactly what I was — leaning over and politely straining to hear what my colleague was saying.
This brilliant doctor's soft baritone voice was rendered even less comprehensible because they tilted their head down and spoke not toward us but at the door. Every so often they looked up and shared a radiant, even reassuring smile. But then they would look down again, shift their weight and continue speaking too softly to be intelligible.
What puzzled me was that I didn't normally think of this colleague as being that self-effacing. But when I described their visit a couple of days later to another colleague, a mutual friend, they immediately recounted a similar episode. “It's weird, isn't it?” they said. “He's the smartest doctor in the hospital, but when they start talking to some patients, it's like he's trying to disappear.”
For nearly two decades, teaching good communication skills has been mandatory for medical schools because of research showing that good patient-doctor communication can lead to improved patient satisfaction and better health care outcomes. To this end, medical educators have developed a host of communication courses and workshops that combine lectures, self-assessments, video recordings and “standardized patients,” or actors in the role of patients.
More recently, many schools have broadened their courses to include “cultural competency,” or the ability to communicate with those from different racial, ethnic and social backgrounds. Studies have shown that while a patient's race and ethnicity can be linked to sharply different treatment courses and quality, better communication between doctors and patients of different backgrounds can reduce the disparities.
Despite these tremendous efforts, there is one area of communication to which few schools have devoted significant time or resources: body language and facial expressions.
Now a small but growing body of research is revealing that the nonverbal component of the patient-doctor interaction — the subtle gestures, body positions, eye contact, touch and expressions that pass between individuals — is as critical a part of communication as verbal expressions. And nonverbal cues may, in fact, be more reflective of the biases faced by doctors and patients.
In this recent study, for example, a group of medical sociologists analyzed the interactions between 30 primary care doctors and more than 200 patients over age 65 and found that white physicians tended to treat older patients similarly, regardless of race. Black physicians, on the other hand, often gave white patients contradictory signals, mixing positive nonverbal behaviors, like prolonged smiling or eye contact, with negative ones, like creating physical barriers by crossing the arms or legs.
The finding was reminiscent of earlier studies on interactions between female doctors and male patients, in which the doctors tended to give the patients conflicting nonverbal cues, combining, for example, smiles with a negative or anxious tone of voice. These mixed signals, said Irena Stepanikova, the lead author of the recent study and an assistant professor of sociology at the University of South Carolina in Columbia, are a result of dealing with “a status in our society that is devalued.” Rather than being expressed explicitly, biases regarding race and gender tend to be expressed “in behaviors not consciously controlled,” they said.
The researchers also found that despite the contradictory cues, the black doctors were generally more skillful in using positive nonverbal behaviors than their white colleagues. They were, for example, better able to use prolonged eye contact, more open body positions, facial expressions and even light touch to encourage patients and convey respect, understanding, availability and attention. “Patients feel vulnerable and search for nonverbal cues,” Dr. Stepanikova noted. “If the doctor nods when the patient is talking but keeps looking at the chart, the patient will wonder if the doctor is really taking them seriously.”
Dr. Stepanikova and their colleagues believe that greater emphasis on nonverbal communication can help medical educators address some of the social biases that affect patient care. But they acknowledge that the process will be challenging. Research in this area is still relatively sparse, and few medical educators are well versed in this topic. Moreover, even experts like Dr. Stepanikova, who needed to devote several hours to analyzing just portions of a single patient-doctor visit, are unsure of how researchers and educators can measure the nuances and complexities of nonverbal communication accurately, consistently and efficiently.
“We all want to be as egalitarian as possible,” Dr. Stepanikova said. “But what is difficult knows what and when to change, because so much of nonverbal communication happens outside of our conscious awareness.”
By Jason Cruz
Northwest Asian Weekly
Like many ambitious, young University of Washington students anxious about college exams, third-year junior Jarred Ha studied for a test for the upcoming week, writing down everything they recalled from their class. Except Ha did this from the King County jail as a result of an incident in which they defended themselves from an attack near the University of Washington (UW) campus.
Ha is seeking to get back into the UW and continue their accounting studies in the Foster School of Business.
A dispute turns ugly
On the night of Jan. 25, 2015, Ha and their friends were heading out for a “21 run” — a rite of passage for many young adults in which they head to a bar on their 21st birthday. It was a celebration of the newfound freedom of getting into a place that they previously could not enter.
Ha was celebrating a friend. The group of young students headed out to bars near the UW campus. After the third bar, the birthday girl was done for the night. Ha and others walked them back to their place, known as the “rugby house” because many rugby team members resided in that house in the University District.
Ha and a friend stayed outside of the house while others ensured that the newly minted 21-year-old made it to bed safely.
While waiting, Ha encountered a woman that resided in their apartment complex a few blocks away. Notably, they had parked near Ha, and they had had issues with the way they parked in the past.
What started as a conversation over the parking spot turned heated. Ha recalled saying to the woman, “You need to park straighter.” Ha recalled that the woman was inebriated and struck Ha in the face. The woman attempted to hit them again, but Ha blocked the blow and the woman fell to the ground.
Ha said they attempted to help the woman up. “Honestly, this girl walks by my front door, and they ended up on the ground.”
As Ha recounted, the woman's friends swarmed upon Ha and hit and pushed them repeatedly. Ha said they defended himself, which included pushing and punching out of harm's way.
When Ha and their friend thought they had safely retreated and were about to head home, Ha saw and heard a man yelling in their direction.
Ha distinctly remembered that the man wore an American Flag tank top. The man, Graham Harper, charged the two in apparent rage interpreting Ha's actions as them striking a woman. Ha recalled Harper saying, “You like to hit girls,” in anger.
Harper, also a UW student and a National Guard reservist, struck Ha repeatedly and threw Ha's head into a parked car. The attack did not stop after that. Ha, afraid for their life, decided to pull out a knife as a last resort.
The knife, a karambit — a curved knife resembling a claw — was given to them by their father, as a means of self-defense. Ha attempted to use the knife as a deterrent by showing it to Harper in hopes that they would stop their attack.
However, Harper continued. Ha tried to aim at Harper's legs. The attack stopped, but Ha did not immediately know if they had struck Harper.
“I started realizing what happened,” Ha stated. “I looked at the knife and did not see anything on it. [I thought to myself,] oh, maybe I didn't get him.” Ha believed that by swinging the knife low at Harper, they had missed.
But Ha later found out that they had stabbed Harper several times.
The police showed up at their apartment soon after. They were taken into custody Sunday morning and spent a night in jail before their parents were able to bail them out on Monday.
“…the worst I felt.”
“The car ride home from jail was the worst I felt,” Ha said, “knowing that my family knew what happened to me.”
Prior to the incident, Ha had never been in trouble with the law, let alone been in a fight. They now faced criminal charges, which carried a maximum sentence of 12 years in prison.
In addition, Ha was served with papers in prison from the UW, which put them on temporary suspension.
The UW was contacted for this story but declined to comment, citing privacy laws under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.
Ha was charged with first-degree assault with a deadly weapon and fourth-degree assault for punching a woman in the face. Ha claimed self-defense for their actions. During the trial, the prosecution intimated that Ha had a martial arts background, which apparently enhanced the severity of the attack.
The prosecutor pointed out that Ha was a part of a Chinese Lion Dance troupe, which involved martial arts. Ha was a member of the International School of Lion Dance and Martial Arts when they were in high school.
Prosecutors attempted to leverage this information into a theme that Ha was a skilled martial artist and the knifing of Harper was committed with bad intentions.
Harper indicated that their left leg, chest, and groin were cut and their abdomen was punctured by the knife. According to court testimony, a woman that was with Harper, immediately after the knifing by Ha, stated that Harper said, “Some Chink did this to me.”
Harper, who was 19 at the time, had a blood alcohol content of 0.13 at the time of the fight, according to the Seattle Times.
An important decision
This past January, Ha was faced with a decision that could have affected their lives forever. The King County prosecutor's office offered Ha a deal so that they would not have to gamble with a jury decision.
However, the deal did not guarantee that they would not face jail time. The alternative was the possibility of a maximum sentence of 12 years in jail. That would be a certain loss of their youth, freedom, and potential career as an accountant.
Ha believed in their attorneys, Zachary Wagnild and Michelle Scudder, and believed that the unbiased witnesses that testified at trial were very strong.
Still, Ha weighed their decision heavily. They felt that they had not done anything wrong and decided to proceed with the trial.
“Jarred has an amazing family,” stated Wagnild. Wagnild and Scudder answered any questions that the Ha family had about the process and advised them on the strengths and weaknesses of the case. As in all cases, it is ultimately the client's decision to go forward with trial.
“Frankly, I was impressed of how they are,” Scudder said.
Ha recalled that the jury deliberated for a long time after a trial that lasted almost two weeks. The trial ended mid-way through Thursday of the second week and the jury deliberated into Friday.
On Friday afternoon, Ha received word that the jury had come to a decision.
“From 9 [a.m.] to 3 [p.m.], I was just wondering if I would spend the next 12 years in prison,” said Ha. For most of the day Friday, Ha, their family, and extended family stayed with them in the food court of the Columbia Tower until they received the call telling them that the jury had made a decision.
“When I first heard the words ‘not guilty,' I was oblivious because the judge read the jury verdict form,” said Ha.
Having watched their share of courtroom dramas, Ha had thought there would be much more build-up to the result. Instead, King County Superior Court Judge Mariane Spearman simply read the verdict. Once it sunk in, they hugged their lawyers and family.
The 12-person jury, which acquitted Ha of their criminal charges, included at least three Asians.
In addition to being acquitted of the charges, a special verdict indicated that Ha was acting in self-defense with the attack on Harper and as a result, was entitled to attorney fees and costs.
In February, Spearman awarded Ha and their attorneys the full amount requested of $45,103.98. The prosecutor had opposed the request seeking a reduction of the amount requested but was denied by Judge Spearman.
Returning to school
Harper has filed a civil suit seeking monetary damages. The civil lawsuit filed in King County Superior Court claims that Graham Harper saw a woman crying, and they claimed they were struck by Ha. The civil case continues on without a trial date set yet.
Ha has been out of school since the incident last January. They moved back to live with their parents and worked part-time at their mother's dentist office while waiting for trial. However, Ha, an Issaquah High School graduate, wanted to return to the UW to complete their degree in accounting.
In recent negotiations between Ha's attorneys and the UW, Ha indicated that they are reapplying and it looks as though they should be back by spring quarter of this year. They will need to apply with the Foster School of Business, but they believe that they should also be admitted once again.
Having heard of Ha's plight, the Associated Students of the University of Washington (ASUW) adopted a resolution in support of Ha. Kevin Celustka, a member of the student senate, had read of the incident last year but did not hear Ha's side of the story until reading an “Ask me anything” that Ha participated in on Reddit.
Last week, the ASUW drafted a resolution in support of Ha and their situation with the school. “The focus of the resolution written by [student] Senator [Alec] Slaney is on the use of emergency suspensions on students in circumstances like Jarred's, in hopes that the practice is defined fairly for future use.” The resolution is still pending before the student senate at this time.
Ha said they would like to pursue accounting and live an ordinary life, putting aside the troubles of one night behind him. (end)
Jason Cruz can be reached at info@nwasianweekly.com.
master131 God-Like
Join Date: Nov 2011 Posts: 165 Reputation: 6108
Rep Power: 186
here is my analysis of the psuedo-code from the first function (file hasn't been approved yet).
First they decrypt v108 which contains 4653127 using a simple xor of 0x1B.
Code: for ( i = 0; *((_WORD *)&v108 + i); ++i ) { if ( i == 4 ) v60 = v142[0]; else v60 = *((_WORD *)&v108 + i) ^ 0x1B; *((_WORD *)&v108 + i) = v60; }
Code: v114 = import_CreateFileW(&v108, 0x80000000u /* GENERIC_READ */, 3 /* FILE_SHARE_READ | FILE_SHARE_WRITE */, 0, 3 /* OPEN_EXISTING */, 0, 0);
Code: for ( i = 0; *((_WORD *)&v63 + i); ++i ) { if ( i ) v59 = *((_WORD *)&v63 + i) ^ 0x1B; else v59 = v142[0]; *((_WORD *)&v63 + i) = v59; }
Code: v139 = import_GetVolumeInformationW(&v63, 0, 0, v141 + 56, 0, 0, 0, 0); Why didn't they just use DeviceIoControl instead of NtFsControlFile?)
Code: v96 = ((int (__stdcall *)(int, _DWORD, _DWORD, _DWORD, char *, unsigned int, _DWORD, _DWORD, int *, unsigned int))NtFsControlFile)( v114, 0, 0, 0, &v61, 0x900F4u, // FSCTL_QUERY_USN_JOURNAL 0, 0, &v136, // Output buffer for USN_JOURNAL_DATA_V0 structure. 0x38u /* sizeof(USN_JOURNAL_DATA_V0) */);
Code: v135 = import_VirtualAlloc(0, 0x4000000u, 0x3000u /* MEM_COMMIT | MEM_RESERVE */, 4 /* PAGE_READWRITE */);
Code: // READ_USN_JOURNAL_DATA_V0 structure. v126 = v104; // StartUsn = 0 (v104 = 0i64) v127 = 0x80000000u; // ReasonMask = USN_REASON_CLOSE v128 = 1; // ReturnOnlyOnClose = 1 v129 = 0; // Timeout v130 = 0; // Timeout v131 = 0; // BytesToWaitFor v132 = 0; // BytesToWaitFor v133 = v136; // USNJournalID v134 = v137; // USNJournalID v96 = ((int (__stdcall *)(int, _DWORD, _DWORD, _DWORD, char *, unsigned int, __int64 *, signed int, int, unsigned int))NtFsControlFile)( v114, 0, 0, 0, &v61, 0x900BBu, // FSCTL_READ_USN_JOURNAL &v126, // READ_USN_JOURNAL_DATA_V0 structure. 40, // Input buffer size. v135, // Output buffer for USN, followed by (optional) USN_RECORD structures. 0x4000000u /* Same output buffer size */);
Take note how StartUsn is set to zero, this will essentially list every file that has been recently closed. I tested this code locally in a sample application using the exact same parameters/flags and it listed over 6000 records/entries (750 unique files) after calling NtFsControlFile twice after each other.
You can find the application that I used to list these here:
http://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/844730-post77.html
Now this is where stuff gets a bit interesting, it starts iterating through each USN record in the journal and first checks if the file name buffer is larger than 32 bytes (note that these are unicode strings, so longer than 16 characters). It then reads the last 16 letters of the file name one and "normalises" it by making it lower-case. Note that USN records store the file name only, they are not full paths (only way to get a full path is to reconstruct it using the parent USN). Also, USN records are not limited to files, they can include folders too.
Code: if ( (unsigned int)*(_WORD *)(v118 + 56) /* v118->FileNameLength */ > 0x20 /* 32 */ ) { v119 = v118 + *(_WORD *)(v118 + 58) /* v118-> FileNameOffset */ + *(_WORD *)(v118 + 56) /* v118->FileNameLength */ - 32; for ( i = 0; (unsigned int)i < 0x10; ++i ) { if ( (signed int)*(_WORD *)v119 >= 65 /* 'A' */) { if ( (signed int)*(_WORD *)v119 <= 90 /* 'Z' */) *(_WORD *)v119 += 32; } v144[i] = *(_WORD *)v119; v119 += 2; }
Code: *(_DWORD *)(v118 + 40) /* v118->Reason */ &= 0x80303370u; /* USN_REASON_CLOSE | USN_REASON_STREAM_CHANGE | USN_REASON_REPARSE_POINT_CHANGE | USN_REASON_RENAME_NEW_NAME | USN_REASON_RENAME_OLD_NAME | USN_REASON_FILE_DELETE | USN_REASON_FILE_CREATE | USN_REASON_NAMED_DATA_TRUNCATION | USN_REASON_NAMED_DATA_EXTEND | USN_REASON_NAMED_DATA_OVERWRITE */ v145 = *(_DWORD *)(v118 + 40);
Code: MD5Init(&v115); MD5Update((int)&v115, v144, 0x24u); MD5Final(&v120, &v115); v9 = 4; v10 = &unk_10009008; // *** Hash #1 *** v11 = &v120; v8 = 1; do { if ( !v9 ) break; v8 = *(_DWORD *)v11 == *(_DWORD *)v10; v11 += 4; v10 = (char *)v10 + 4; --v9; } while ( v8 ); Code: v17 = 4; v18 = &unk_10009018; // *** Hash #2 **** v19 = &v120; v16 = 1; do { if ( !v17 ) break; v16 = *(_DWORD *)v19 == *(_DWORD *)v18; v19 += 4; v18 = (char *)v18 + 4; --v17; }
Code: if ( (unsigned int)*(_WORD *)(v118 + 56) /* v118->FileNameLength */ > 8) { v119 = v118 + *(_WORD *)(v118 + 58) /* v118-> FileNameOffset */ + *(_WORD *)(v118 + 56) /* v118->FileNameLength */ - 8; for ( i = 0; (unsigned int)i < 4; ++i ) { if ( (signed int)*(_WORD *)v119 >= 65 /* 'A' */) { if ( (signed int)*(_WORD *)v119 <= 90 /* 'Z' */) *(_WORD *)v119 += 32; } v99[i] = *(_WORD *)v119; v99[i] ^= v116[i] << 8; v119 += 2; } v67 = &v116[i]; v125 = &v99[i]; for ( i = 0; (unsigned int)i < 8; ++i ) *((_BYTE *)v125 + i) = ((unsigned __int16)v67[i] >> 8) ^ v67[i]; *(_DWORD *)(v118 + 40) &= 0x80303372u; // USN_REASON_CLOSE | USN_REASON_STREAM_CHANGE | USN_REASON_REPARSE_POINT_CHANGE | USN_REASON_RENAME_NEW_NAME | USN_REASON_RENAME_OLD_NAME | USN_REASON_FILE_DELETE | USN_REASON_FILE_CREATE | USN_REASON_NAMED_DATA_TRUNCATION | USN_REASON_NAMED_DATA_EXTEND | USN_REASON_NAMED_DATA_OVERWRITE | USN_REASON_DATA_EXTEND v101 = *(_DWORD *)(v118 + 40); MD5Init(&v115); MD5Update((int)&v115, v99, 0x14u); MD5Final(&v120, &v115); v30 = 4; v31 = &unk_10009028; // *** Hash #3 *** v32 = &v120; v29 = 1; do { if ( !v30 ) break; v29 = *(_DWORD *)v32 == *(_DWORD *)v31; v32 += 4; v31 = (char *)v31 + 4; --v30; } while ( v29 ); if ( v29 ) goto LABEL_135; v34 = 4; v35 = &unk_10009038; // *** Hash #4 *** v36 = &v120; v33 = 1; do { if ( !v34 ) break; v33 = *(_DWORD *)v36 == *(_DWORD *)v35; v36 += 4; v35 = (char *)v35 + 4; --v34; } while ( v33 ); Code: v47 = 4; v48 = &unk_10009048; // *** Hash #5 *** v49 = &v120; v46 = 1; do { if ( !v47 ) break; v46 = *(_DWORD *)v49 == *(_DWORD *)v48; v49 += 4; v48 = (char *)v48 + 4; --v47; } while ( v46 ); Code: v51 = 4; v52 = &unk_10009058; // *** Hash #6 *** v53 = &v120; v50 = 1; do { if ( !v51 ) break; v50 = *(_DWORD *)v53 == *(_DWORD *)v52; v53 += 4; v52 = (char *)v52 + 4; --v51; } while ( v50 ); Thanks for this poink,(file hasn't been approved yet).First they decrypt v108 which contains 4653127 using a simple xor of 0x1B.Then they're calling CreateFileW with v108 which now contains "c:\\" to obtain a handle of the drive.Then they decrypt v63 which has a value of 2162808 using the same xor method.Now, v63 contains, you guessed it, "c:". They then call GetVolumeInformationW passing a buffer to the (optional) lpVolumeSerialNumber parameter and put the value into the output packet that will be sent to their server, essentially logging the serial number of your C drive.Then they call NtFsControlFile with the FSCTL_QUERY_USN_JOURNAL control code with a buffer size of 0x38 meaning the output buffer will store a USN_JOURNAL_DATA_V0 structure (rather than a USN_JOURNAL_DATA_V1 struct). (Now they allocate 0x4000000 bytes (64MB) using VirtualAlloc.Again, they call NtFsControlFile but this time with FSCTL_READ_USN_JOURNAL. This will check for any file changes from a previously saved USN (in this case, the one obtained from the previous call to NtFsControlFile), also note that the reason mask has been set to only notify when a file has been closed.At this point, it seems like they could be monitoring file changes using USN journals as seen in this MSDN example . USN journal records and its stages can be briefly read here . USN journal records are written whenever a file is modified in someway making it very easy for VAC to know when something changes on your C drive (in this case they've limited it to when a file closes).Take note how StartUsn is set to zero, this willYou can find the application that I used to list these here:Now this is where stuff gets a bit interesting, it starts iterating through each USN record in the journal and first checks if the file name buffer is larger than 32 bytes (note that these are unicode strings, so longer than 16 characters). It then reads the last 16 letters of the file name one and "normalises" it by making it lower-case. Note that USN records store the file name, they are not full paths (only way to get a full path is to reconstruct it using the parent USN). Also, USN records are not limited to files,It then checks the Reason field of the USN_RECORD struct and discards any flags that do not match.Afterwards, the partial file name and the Reason flags are hashed using MD5 and compared to 2 hashes (it's probably one of the ones @ poink posted, but there are actually 6 so he's missed 4).Similarly, the same thing is repeated again, this time with a FileNameLength of 8 (4 characters) and only the last 4 characters are taken (essentially the file extension for files). Also, this time it's compared with 4 hashes. Last edited by master131; 27th September 2013 at 04:40 AM .
Media playback is not supported on this device Euro 2012: England fighting spirit against Sweden pleases Hodgson
Manager Roy Hodgson praised the impact of substitute Theo Walcott in their side's 3-2 victory over Sweden.
The 23-year-old Arsenal winger entered the Euro 2012 game with an hour played and England 2-1 down, and proceeded to score the equaliser and set up Danny Welbeck's 78th-minute winner.
Hodgson, 64, was full of praise: "Theo's contribution was enormous.
"To come on as a sub and score such a good goal and set up a winner, he's got to be very pleased."
Analysis Most heartening of all for the England camp was that two key decisions, starting with Carroll and introducing Walcott, were a reflection of Hodgson's current clear-headedness in the heat of tournament competition. Read more
Asked if they had faith in Walcott, Hodgson added: "I believe in him. He's a good player and has good qualities.
"I'd be lying if I said I knew the players as well as you [journalists]."
Hodgson has more than 30 years' managerial experience but conceded that after only a month in their new job they are still finding out about their players.
"You've seen them play for England on so many occasions," they told reporters.
"I've worked with them for one month and I'm still learning about what they're good at and finding areas for improvement.
"I was very pleased with the performance of the two front players."
Liverpool forward Andy Carroll started with Manchester United's Welbeck in attack and opened the scoring in the first half before England were, according to Hodgson, "rocked on their heels" by Olof Mellberg's left-footed strike and then subsequent header.
Media playback is not supported on this device Welbeck flick puts England back in front
Hodgson brought on Walcott on the hour mark, and the Arsenal winger equalised from 20 yards with almost their first touch before setting up Welbeck for a sublime finish 12 minutes from time.
England sit second in Group D with four points knowing a point against Ukraine on Tuesday will be enough to secure a place in the last eight.
"I'm happy going into the final group game knowing a draw or win will see us through," added the manager.
"Our goal is making certain that we continue doing what we've done in the four matches [Hodgson has been in charge] and not slip from that standard."
The England coach reiterated their intention to field Wayne Rooney in the starting XI for the next game. The Manchester United striker is available after serving a two-match suspension, ruling them out of the first two fixtures of Euro 2012.
"Against Ukraine, a player like Rooney can make a major difference and I am delighted to welcome them back," Hodgson continued.
"If I did leave them out, all hell might break loose in the dressing room.
"Rooney is a striker that sometimes drops deep like Ashley Young did in the first game [against France] and [Sweden striker] Zlatan Ibrahimovic did today. I'll probably push Ashley to the wing when Wayne comes back."
I've been looking at animation blogs full of concept art and character design in this coloring style...then I saw how well ~ hyamei and * nicholaskole pull it off and I was inspired to try. I doodle western animation designs a lot but...I'm way too meticulous to do this "simple" coloring styleLike, people that do it well make it look so effortless and quick, and it comes out beautifully. It seems like they can just make perfect strokes in one try ;_;I have to draw everything out and spend way too long making the shaded shapes (like in their hair) just right. I hate it lol. I spend waaaaay longer on art than I should. At a brief art school portfolio review they said I was too meticulous and tight on detail and I need to be "looser", and I agree. I hope one day I'll be able to leave detail alone so I can get better at this animation style, cuz I love it a lotOverall I didn't spend TOO much more time than needed on Applejack. Them right arm is weird though. I draw human ponies when I just wanna do a "quick" filler picture because I don't want to spend time making my own characters lol;
India is a hard place for airlines to make money, but one newcomer thinks it has found the magic formula.
IndiGo, founded less than a decade ago, is the only consistently profitable carrier in a market that is growing by 20% a year.
Investors are clamoring for shares in the company, which are being offered Tuesday in a Mumbai IPO worth $460 million. That's likely to be India's largest listing since 2012.
But what makes IndiGo so special in the first place? The airline has developed a unique model that has allowed it to capture 40% of passengers while rival Kingfisher has gone out of business, and another competitor -- SpiceJet -- has struggled.
Deregulated two decades ago, India's aviation industry suffers from crumbling airport infrastructure, byzantine rule making and a glut of competitors intent on slashing prices in order to gain market share.
Here's how IndiGo makes it work:
1. Buy only one aircraft model, but order in bulk
In 2005, IndiGo ordered 100 A320 aircraft from Airbus (EADSF), which at the time was the largest single deal the European planemaker had ever signed.
Six years later, Indigo ordered 180 more, setting another aviation industry record.
By purchasing so many planes at once, IndiGo was able to negotiate more favorable terms than if they had slowly built a fleet with piecemeal purchases.
In addition, buying only one model of aircraft allows IndiGo to cut down on costs. Pilots need only be certified for one aircraft, and the same goes for mechanics and flight crews. The company saves a boatload on maintenance.
2. Lease the planes
This is the real genius of IndiGo's model.
Airlines typically buy a plane, use it for 15 years, and then sell it for pennies on the dollar. But when IndiGo takes delivery of an aircraft from Airbus, it immediately sells the plane to an aircraft lessor, and then leases the plane back.
At the end of the lease, IndiGo returns the aircraft to the lessor. Other airlines use "leasebacks" for portions of their fleets, but none to the extent of IndiGo.
This act of financial engineering allows the airline to keep its cash flow high, and its debt low.
3. Put an expiration date on aircraft
Another benefit of IndiGo's lease strategy is that it allows the company to keep its fleet extremely young.
The company's leases typically range from just three to six years before the aircraft is returned. As of April 2015, the average age of IndiGo's aircraft was 3.26 years, according to the company's prospectus. That's one of the youngest fleets anywhere in the world.
Newer planes are typically more fuel efficient and require less maintenance, which cuts down on operating costs. Customers like them, too.
4. Fly more, fly on time and keep it simple
IndiGo keeps its planes operating for 11.4 hours per day on average, which is more than any other Indian airline.
Time between flights is extremely short, and the airline doesn't even bother with offering business class or first class tickets.
There's also no frequent flier program, free lounges or free food and beverages for most passengers.
IndiGo freely admits the offerings are "no frills." But perhaps that's just what investors are looking for.
Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) has told Maine Public Radio that they will vote against Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to lead the EPA. They acknowledged their accomplishments, but the two of them have too many different views when it comes to the EPA:
“Specifically, I have significant concerns that Mr. Pruitt has actively opposed and sued the EPA on numerous issues that are of great importance to the state of Maine, including mercury controls for coal-fired power plants and efforts to reduce cross-state air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions,” they say. “His actions leave me with considerable doubts about whether their vision for the EPA is consistent with the agency's critical mission to protect human health and the environment.”
Collins said they do not agree with every EPA regulation and has “found the agency difficult to work with.” But they have concerns “about the potential for weakening a federal agency that works to implement and enforce landmark environmental laws such as the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Clean Power Plan.”
Collins stated that weakening all of this could endanger Maine:
As an example, Collins points to Maine's geographic location, near the end of what's often described as the nation's “air pollution tailpipe,” because it's on the receiving end of pollution that's generated by coal-fired power plants in other states. Reducing these air pollutants, Collins says, is important in a state like Maine, which has one of the highest rates of asthma in the country. “And no matter what Maine does, unless we address the out-of-state sources of pollution, we cannot make the kind of progress that needs to be made,” they say.
The senator also received a letter from Friends of Acadia, a nonprofit conservation project for Acadia National Park in Maine, which convinced them to oppose Pruitt:
With about 5,000 members around the country, the group wrote a letter to Collins about the need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as a way to lessen the effects of climate change in Acadia National Park in Maine. Stephanie Clement, conservation director for the friends' group, says the effects of climate change are wide-ranging. For example, Acadia receives about five additional inches of rain on an annual basis than it did 100 years ago. Clement says there are also threats to the park's infrastructure and to predator-prey relationships that could be affected by warming temperatures.
Collins remains one of the few members of Congress that believes greenhouse gas emissions have caused climate change:
“I've talked to a lot of individuals throughout our state — scientists, environmental advocates, fishermen and boaters — and all of them are telling me of their concerns about how the environment is changing in our state,” they say. “And the changes we are already seeing in Casco Bay and the Gulf of Maine, for example, are cause for alarm.”
Pruitt became a controversial pick for Trump because they have sued the EPA numerous times. During their confirmation hearing, senators brought up these lawsuits because they represented big oil companies and not the little people of Oklahoma. Pruitt constantly reminded the senators that those oil companies are the regular people of Oklahoma because without those companies the majority of Oklahomans would not have jobs.
The Democrats also want to delay Pruitt's confirmation vote “due to a pending court case regarding email records.” They believe that those emails could affect their nomination:
“Granting this request — to schedule consideration of Mr. Pruitt's nomination at a time that permits Senators to receive and review the information we previously requested — is compelled, in our view, by the Senate's obligation to provide advice and consent on Mr. Pruitt's nomination,” the Democrats wrote in a letter to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). “These records are needed for the Senate to evaluate Mr. Pruitt's suitability to serve in the position for which they have been nominated.”
Delay or not, Pruitt cannot afford to lose any GOP senator. The party only holds a two seat advantage over the Democrats. If they lose one more, Vice President Mike Pence will have to break the tie. Pence had to do that for Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary when Collins and Murkowski voted against their confirmation.
ADVERTISEMENT
The 2016 presidential election is still more than six months away. Inauguration day is nine months from now. Despite Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's hefty delegate leads, neither party nominee has been formally determined yet. And yet, already, the race to delegitimize our next president has begun.
American presidential politics have always been dirty. (Way back in 1800, Thomas Jefferson's allies waged a whisper campaign suggesting their rival, John Adams, was a hermaphrodite.) But for the last eight years, something else has been happening that goes beyond the normal mud-slinging: Republicans in Congress and conservative commentators outside it have been unusually dismissive of and obdurate toward President Obama, appearing unwilling to fully accept their legitimacy as commander-in-chief. And remember, Obama beat Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) in 2008 by almost 10 million votes, 7 percentage points, and 192 electoral votes. (Compare that to the way George W. Bush won the presidency by Supreme Court fiat in 2000.)
Even before the 2008 election, the effort to disqualify Obama — literally — had begun with the "birther" movement to try and prove they aren't a natural-born citizen. Obama released their short- and long-form Hawaii birth certificates, but a good chunk of the population remains unconvinced. As recently as September 2015, a CNN/ORC poll found that 20 percent of Americans either doubted our 44th president was born in the U.S., or believed there to be "solid evidence" definitively proving they were not.
Republicans in Congress may not be full-blown birthers, but for whatever reason, they have continued to treat Obama as if they aren't truly president. This is stifling the basic functioning of government, as demonstrated most recently by Republicans' refusal to even hold a hearing on Obama's nominee to the Supreme Court. They're not even going through the motions anymore.
We're already seeing signs that similar legitimacy doubts will plague whoever next occupies the Oval Office. Every candidate has some form of disqualifying knock: Bernie Sanders is too old, or not a real Democrat; Ted Cruz is a natural-born Canadian (though their mom is an American citizen, so they won the legal challenges to their eligibility). But most of the barbs have been aimed at the frontrunners, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
Trump has been widely denounced as a bully, a blowhard, and a bigot, but none of those are automatic disqualifiers for the White House — and in fact, some Trump supporters see them as selling points. Charges of fascism, however, are more serious. As divided as America is in 2016, pretty much everyone agrees that Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini, and Francisco Franco were terrible leaders and/or straight-up evil.
The Trump campaign has dabbled in playing the Hitler card against opponents, accusing the Cruz team of using "Gestapo tactics" to win delegates, but more frequently, it's Trump on the receiving end. On Sunday, for example, conservative billionaire Charles Koch told ABC News' Jonathan Karl that Trump's proposal to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S. is "reminiscent of Nazi Germany."
While Trump is being painted as a proto-fascist, Clinton is taking fire from all sides. As Clinton themselves not infrequently points out, they have faced searing attacks from Republicans for some 25 years. And among Democrats, Clinton has been criticized for voting to authorize the 2003 war in Iraq since about the day they cast that vote in 2002. That vote likely cost them the nomination to Obama in 2008, and Sanders recently used it (along with their acceptance of help from super PACs and them paid speaking engagements to Wall Street banks) as one of their arguments for why they are unqualified to be president in 2016.
Sanders has since dialed back their attacks on Clinton's qualifications, but has taken up questioning the legitimacy of the New York primary, as well as Clinton's big wins in the South. Vox's Ezra Klein calls this "arguably, a smart move for Sanders" but also "a cynical and perhaps dangerous" one. Convincing their supporters that the Democratic primary rules "are illegitimate is going to make the campaign much more bitter, and reconciliation between the two camps much less likely," they add. "It's one thing, after all, to see your candidate lose. It's another to see the election stolen, and that's increasingly how Sanders supporters are understanding the race." Trump and their supporters are sounding similar notes about the legitimacy of the Republican race.
This is a worrisome trend for the country. Our system of representative democracy rests on the idea that whoever wins the most electoral college votes — and, hopefully, the greatest number of popular votes, too — is president. And barring death or treason or other "high crimes or misdemeanors," that person is president until the next lawfully elected president is sworn in.
Every past president has had their faults, and ideally, voters were are aware of the most egregious before they were elected. It's hard to imagine voters won't know what they are getting with Trump and Clinton — or Sanders or Cruz, if there's a big upset. So while we are still in the electoral hypnagogia where any voter's preferred candidate can still win, let's agree that whoever gets at least 270 electoral votes — whether or not they're your preferred candidate — is indeed the 45th president, entitled to the same rights and responsibilities as the 44 presidents who came before.
Chicago-based telehealth startup Regroup Therapy, which provides virtual mental health consultations to treat depression and a wide range of other issues, has raised more than $1.8 million in funding.
Regroup, founded in 2011, has a network of more than 2,000 mental health professionals, including psychologists, counselors, therapists, psychiatrists and others. Regroup connects those professionals to health care organizations and their patients via a web-based video platform.
The Series Seed round closed in mid-April. It was led by Hyde Park Angels and included Chicago investor Lon Chow and Wasson Enterprise, the family investment firm of former Walgreen Boots Alliance CEO Greg Wasson.
Regroup says its goal is to fill gaps in mental health services.
“There's just this really deep shortage of providers” in mental health, founder and CEO David Cohn said. “Fifty-five percent of counties (nationwide) don't have any behavioral health providers in them. Not a social worker, not a psychiatrist, nothing. It's a huge problem.”
Regroup operates like a staffing agency, Cohn said. When clients like primary care center chain Oak Street Health have a patient who needs to see a mental health professional, the organization can set up a patient with a specialist using the Skype-style platform. Those professionals act as part of the organizations using Regroup; those organizations pay Regroup for set periods of coverage.
“Imagine if Uber had small teams of people that only worked in certain neighborhoods, so you knew you were going to get the same guy over and over again,” Cohn said. “Every entity has a dedicated team that works with them.”
Health care providers using Regroup typically arrange for a consultation with the patient from a screen within the practice.
Patients typically go into a doctor's office when talking with a Regroup specialist, interacting via a screen. That way, a clinician can hand off the patient to the specialist on the screen and on-site nurses can take vital signs.
Depending on the state and payer, services are often more likely to be reimbursed if provided in-office instead of at-home, Cohn said. The specialists can do nearly anything they'd be able to do in person, including treating serious persistent mental illness or prescribing medication except for controlled substances.
Doing the consultations virtually brings providers to areas where mental health professionals are scarce, but also helps stretch resources if a health care group has multiple locations.
“You can do a session at 8 a.m. in site one, followed directly by a session at 9 a.m. at site two, then at site three, another session at 10 a.m., and you don't have to drive between the sites. You don't lose any time between those,” Cohn said.
As health care transitions gradually shift from a fee-for-service model to value-based care, Cohn said health care groups are looking for services like his.
“This is the first time when entities really are incentivized to provide better services earlier in care to avoid much bigger bills later from patients they may have missed ending up in inpatient environments,” they said.
Sapan Shah, the Hyde Park Angels deal lead and a managing partner at Flagship Healthcare, said Regroup's services benefit patients by facilitating better communication between mental health professionals and a healthcare organization.
“They're part of the team, just as they would be if they were on-site,” they said.
The funding round also included investments from OCA Ventures, Impact Engine, New Stack Ventures, Harvard Business School Alumni Angels of Chicago and MD Angels. Grubhub co-founder Mike Evans and Lou Malnati's Pizzeria president Mark Agnew also invested.
mgraham@tribpub.com
Twitter @megancgraham
Last weekend marked a successful first hangar exit for the Airlander 10, the largest aircraft in the world. It left its base at Cardington Airfield in the UK at 4am on Saturday morning.
The aircraft was designed by Hybrid Air Vehicles with the intention of creating eco-friendly tourism that will enable passengers to travel in comfort with magnificent views while limiting impact on the environment due to the lower fuel burn of the vessel.
The Airlander 10 uses innovative aerospace technology to combine characteristics of fixed wing aircraft and helicopters with lighter than air technology to create an efficient aircraft that can stay airborne for up to five days at a time if manned and for over two weeks if unmanned.
Having left the hangar, the Airlander 10 is now being prepared for a series of ground systems tests before its first flight, which is thought to be in the coming months.
Due it's huge size, exiting the hangar was a delicate operation for the aircraft, which had a tight clearance space from the fin tip to the sides of the hangar doors.
“It was a very smooth first journey for Airlander and they behaved beautifully. We're delighted to have reached this significant milestone,” says Technical Director Mike Durham.
Hybrid Air Vehicles received both UK and European grant funding to support the Airlander project. In addition, the company carried out two crowdfunding projects with more than 2000 shareholders.
The company plans to implement the Airlander for use in communication, cargo carrying, survey roles and commercial sectors as well as tourism. The aircraft will also be able to take off and land in a short distance from unprepared sites such as ice, water or desert terrain.
Following the successful launch of the Airlander 10, the company plans to use a larger aircraft, the Airlander 50 which will be designed specifically for the heavy lift cargo market.
But the Haags don't want you to see where they breed the dogs or the conditions in which they're raised. For good reason. The family operates one of Minnesota's largest commercial dog-breeding operations.
The family's sprawling Amaze'n Farmyard entertainment complex sits on Highway 55 near Paynesville. It's about a two-hour drive northwest of the Twin Cities. The fun land, which includes a 150-foot slide, a petting zone, and a large dirt track for kiddie tractor rides, plays window dressing to the Haags' secret.
A walled thicket of old-growth trees shrouds a handful of gray buildings just beyond the Amaze'n Farmyard corn maze. The camouflage does a bang-up job. The pole barns can only be seen from a side road.
Passerbys are greeted by an array of signs, declaring heavy surveillance and no unauthorized entrance.
The NSA-like security measures are in place to keep hidden from public view the kennel where, according to federal inspection reports, more than 800 dogs are bred repeatedly and peddled to pet stores across the Midwest.
The Haags' Valley View Kennel has been hit with violations for at least a decade. In 2004, USDA inspectors found unsanitary living conditions, three dogs with eye problems, and puppies being sold younger than eight weeks. Almost a decade later, nothing had changed. In 2013 officials found numerous lame animals and a dog with "a red ulcer-like mass in the eye."
A year later the Humane Society of the United States dubbed it one of the country's "worst puppy mills."
Bobbie Bauman, director of operations at the Humane Society of Meeker and Kandiyohi Counties, knows the kennel well. Them office receives regular complaints.
Bauman last went to investigate about a year ago. Them efforts proved fruitless. No one was around and without a court order, they couldn't gain entrance to the barns.
Though their office has had regular contact with the Haags, it usually comes when they want to rid themselves of problem dogs.
The animals aren't usually suffering from medical issues, says Bauman. Most often they're skittish to the point of unsellable, or adult dogs that have been returned.
Bauman recalls the most recent throwaway. A Yorkie mix named Maya was dropped off. They were unsocialized to the point of heartbreak. Bauman thought they might be at the shelter by mistake. They tracked ownership back to son Kyle Haag.
"He was busy" when they called, Bauman says. "Eating lunch, I think they said, and couldn't talk. They said they would call back once they were done. I never heard back from him."
The Haags aren't willing to talk about their kennel. Repeated messages left last week went unreturned. City Pages paid a visit over the weekend, but was unsuccessful at locating anyone at the property.
But this coming weekend, families playing putt putt and petting goats will encounter an uninvited contingent. Animal rights activists have scheduled a protest at the property for Saturday afternoon.
Mindy Patterson, who owns The Cavalry Group, a company that represents people in the animal business from cattle ranchers to dog breeders, is spokesperson for the family. She's recently gone on the offensive on behalf of the Haags.
Last weekend after City Pages ran a story about the upcoming protest, Patterson's firm posted a photograph on Facebook of Lindsay Holiday, the demonstration's organizer. The Cavalry Group charged Holiday with "terrorizing the Haag family's kennel and educational A-maze-n Farmyard in rural Minnesota."
A threat followed the declaration. The post from "People for Pet OWNership" read, "Another scumbag terrorist needs some action taken against her."
These choice words have only annealed Holiday's commitment. They senses fear coming from the Haag camp.
"They're scared because once people know what's behind the farmyard, no one in their right mind is going to want to buy a dog from them."
Editor's note: This is the second of two stories The Frontier will post regarding Mayor G.T. Bynum's proposal to give city employees, including firefighters and police officers, more freedom to participate in elections for mayor, City Council and city auditor.
Today's story examines why Bynum is making the proposal. On Monday, The Frontier examined a federal court ruling that set the stage for Bynun's proposal.
Mayor G.T Bynum has heard the concerns — some expressed by workers inside City Hall — about their proposal to give city employees more freedom to participate in elections for mayor, City Council and city auditor.
He's even sympathetic to those concerns. But at the end of the day, Bynum said, they will always come down on the side of giving employees more freedom of speech.
“I really want to harp on this,” Bynum said. “Why do we have freedom of speech? Why do we have freedom of the press? Why do we have freedom of assembly? We have those things because our Founding Fathers felt that they were necessary for a representative government, and they were basic rights of people. That is what I am trying to pursue here.”
The first step in that pursuit comes Wednesday, when the City Council will be asked to consider a resolution calling for a November election to change the city charter to loosen restrictions on city employees' ability to participate in elections for municipal office. It is one of an expected seven charter changes Tulsans will be asked to vote on that month.
The existing city charter limits employees from taking an active part in municipal elections “except to vote and privately state a personal opinion.”
Bynum's proposal would loosen those restrictions and allow municipal employees to participate in partisan and nonpartisan political activities as long as they do so “only during off-duty hours and while not in uniform.”
But that's not the all of it, the mayor said. The new charter language would do more than address what they see as unfair restrictions on city employees; it would help give rise to a more informed electorate by allowing those who know city operations best to express their opinions.
“This is about something much larger than, can an employee go out and work on a mayor's campaign or a City Council race?” Bynum said. “It's very much about, will the citizens of Tulsa have access to all the information they need to make responsible decisions when they vote? And right now I would argue that they don't.”
Bynum dismisses claims that they are promoting the charter change to gain favor with the police and firefighters unions. During their 2016 campaign for mayor against former Mayor Dewey Bartlett, Bynum promised the unions that under their administration they would have the same rights to campaign as they'd had under former Mayor Kathy Taylor and some previous administrations.
Bynum won election to the City Council in 2008, when Taylor was in office, and says they were troubled to see a stricter interpretation of the city charter adopted under Bartlett.
“I didn't think that was right, but they were the executive in place and ultimately that is the responsibility of the mayor” Bynum said. “So as a councilor, I didn't have a tremendous amount of control over it. But I always said, if I were in a position to change it, I would.”
So now comes their proposal to change the 1989 city charter through a vote of the people. After years of different mayors interpreting city charter differently, Bynun said, they want clarity on the issue.
“Everything that I am suggesting here is only that the citizens of Tulsa ought to get a chance to vote on it,” Bynun said. “If they want to vote and say, ‘No, we don't want to hear from city of Tulsa employees' … then they ought to have a right to do that. But they ought to be able to have a right to vote on this particular issue.”
About those concerns
Bynum said they have heard from some city employees who have concerns about their proposed charter change. The Frontier interviewed 10 department heads and other city employees about the proposal. Although a majority of the department heads did not object to the proposal, several questioned it, for a variety of reasons.
Here are the mayor's responses to the concerns he's either heard directly or been told of.
1. Employees could be put in a position where they would be pressured to take a position in an election.
“I understand that. That is a fair concern,” Bynum said. “But I am always going to side on the ability of our employees to have too much freedom of speech rather than restricting it for everyone because a few employees are worried about having to take a position on something when, again, they don't have to take a position, because the charter says that elected officials should not be seeking their support.”
2. The charter change could create an environment of retribution or favoritism based on whether an employee supported or failed to support a candidate.
“It's absolutely a fair concern. …There are sections of the charter that say that elected officials cannot hit up employees for donations or support. There is a section of the charter that says elected officials cannot enact retribution for the positions of employees. And I am not wanting to touch either of those. I think it's very important that we have those in place.”
3. The police and fire unions already have too much power. For example, public safety accounts for about 60 percent of the city's general fund spending, crowding out funding for other departments.
Bynum acknowledged that the police and fire unions are the strongest employee unions in city government.
However, they said, “I am not suggesting that we turn over budget-making authority to all of the employees. Budget-making authority is reserved for the City Council and the mayor, who are elected by the citizens of Tulsa.
“The fear of that happening has nothing to do with employees being able to participate in campaigns. That has to do with elected officials and whether or not they are willing to have a balanced government or whether they are willing to just take the approach of always focusing on public safety.”
In addition, Bynun said, “if it is a ridiculous statement (made by city employees), the citizens of Tulsa aren't going to listen to it. But the citizens of Tulsa ought to be able to hear from those people.”
4. City records show that approximately 75 percent of firefighters and about 60 percent of police officers live outside the city of Tulsa. Why should city employees who don't live in the city have a right to actively participate in municipal elections?
“We had a tornado hit a T.G.I. Friday, and if you had seen it, it was completely destroyed,” Bynum said. “And yet we had firefighters go out there in the dark, in the rain, in the middle of the night and go into a building that is collapsing to save Tulsans lives.
“We didn't check where they lived before they went in. They are heroes, and they serve the citizens of Tulsa, and they should have the right to voice their opinions about the leadership of the place that they work, regardless of where their homes happen to be. They are serving Tulsans.
“Secondly, their residency has no impact on their awareness of the workplace at the city of Tulsa.”
Bynum also noted that no one questioned the campaign donations that they and former Mayor Dewey Bartlett received from outside the city of Tulsa during last year's mayor's race.
5. Under earlier administrations, the police and fire unions have taken an active role in elections for mayor, City Council and city auditor. The unions' campaign activities have included paying for and putting up signs for candidates; manning phone banks for candidates; going door to door, as directed by candidates, to hand out literature; putting up yard signs, as designated by candidates.
Would those activities be allowed under the proposed charter change? And are you OK with that kind of participation in elections by the police and fire unions?
“Sure,” Bynum said. “I support the right of anyone in our community to do that.”
They added: “I am not pretending that this is not advantageous to police and fire — it is. … But I come back to, it being advantageous to police and fire is outweighed, from my standpoint, from our employees not being gagged from sharing their beliefs on how the city government is being run and by citizens of Tulsa being able to make informed decisions based on all the information out there.”
What say the judge?
The opinion that got Bynum's charter change proposal rolling in the first place didn't come out of City Hall. It belongs to U.S. District Judge Gregory Frizzell. In a 2011 legal opinion, Frizzell affirmed the city's legal right to limit employees' political speech to the language in the city charter.
In doing so, the judge stated that the city of Tulsa “has a legitimate interest in permitting its policymakers to make decisions for the city without fear of political retribution from the city's own employees and their public employees' unions.”
Bynum said they were not about to argue with Frizzell, who they described as “brilliant.”
But neither have Frizzell's words, nor anyone else's concerns about their proposed charter change, caused them to change their mind about it.
At the end of the day, Bynum said, when it comes to weighing the benefits of giving city employees more political speech versus the possible downsides of those employees having more political speech, they will always opt for giving employees more political speech.
“It is a very dangerous slope to go down in saying, ‘Well, we are worried about the outcome of an election, so it is OK to restrict the speech of a certain group of people because we are worried about what might happen in an election,'” Bynum said. “If you are talking about other areas, that would be insane that people would be saying that. But, in this case, we're accepting that as OK.
“I completely disagree with that.”
Your financial support for our investigative journalism is now tax deductible. To become a Friend of The Frontier, click here.
Just eight years ago, the limit on contributions to gubernatorial candidates was $500 – a limit enacted by voter initiative after the Legislature failed to confront the problem of money in Maine elections. Maine's low contribution limits and first-in-the-nation Clean Elections Act allowed candidates to wage competitive campaigns centered on good ideas and hard work, while sending special interest influence to haunt other states.
Over the years, despite the protests of Maine people, that limit was raised, first to $750 and then to $1,500. As of developments last week, those once-low contribution limits are now six times higher than what voters approved: $3,000.
The story on money in politics is bad and is getting worse. In January, Maine Citizens for Clean Elections predicted that $26.6 million in private funds would be spent on the governor's and legislative races in this election, making it the most expensive in Maine's history. With the clean elections option suspended for gubernatorial candidates and out-of-state money flooding Maine elections, thanks to Supreme Court rulings, we've entered a whole new era of money in our elections. We knew this election would shatter past records, and the recently raised contribution limit only makes it worse.
On Aug. 22, a federal judge issued an injunction stopping the Maine Commission on Governmental Ethics and Election Practices from enforcing a $1,500-per-election contribution limit that four donors for independent gubernatorial candidate Eliot Cutler claimed created a handicap for them. Even though the major party candidates were unopposed in the primary election, donors to Democrat U.S. Rep. Mike Michaud and Republican incumbent Gov. Paul LePage were able to give $1,500 per donor for the primary plus $1,500 per donor for the general election. Donors to independent Cutler's campaign were unable to contribute to Cutler for both the primary and general elections because they did not appear on the primary ballot. Cutler's donors may have had a point. The judge acknowledged the unusual situation and ruled Cutler's donors should be allowed to give a total of $3,000 to their candidate this year.
Last Wednesday, the Maine Ethics Commission proposed a new rule allowing any contributor to any gubernatorial candidate to give $3,000 in the general election — double the current contribution limit.
A better solution might have been to enact a simple rule allowing contributors who gave to independent candidates during the primary season to give an additional $1,500 now. That rule would underscore the unique nature of the 2014 election and comply with the court ruling without opening up yet another avenue for large contributions to all gubernatorial candidates. Such a rule would only affect contributors who gave to Cutler during the primary season — on or before June 10. It would not have changed anything for contributors who did not make contributions prior to the primary election, nor would it affect the limits applicable to the party candidates.
But that's not what campaign operatives wanted as evidenced by their testimony before the ethics commission. They saw a chance to raise more money, and they took it.
The upshot? An eminent judge, a handful of high-dollar donors, money-hungry candidates and our own ethics commission have, intentionally or not, colluded in reversing what thousands of citizens voted for in 1996: low contribution limits.
With this ruling, big-money donors win. Again. Ordinary voters lose. Poll after poll shows Maine citizens want low contribution limits, and this latest development is another step in the wrong direction.
Now, as never before, the courts and the Legislature have let us down. When those entrusted to protect the public interest fail to act on our behalf, the people must make their voices heard.
It's time for everyday people to stand up and demand campaign finance laws that put them first. A second clean election initiative is more important than ever – one that will improve transparency and accountability while strengthening clean elections. Let's protect our longstanding tradition of campaigns that focus on voters, not wealthy donors.
To continue our legacy of citizen-led elections, we must win this campaign.
Andrew Bossie is the executive director of the nonpartisan Maine Citizens for Clean Elections.  They are a Caribou native who lives in Portland.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MORRISON, Colo. -- Red Rocks Amphitheater faced its first true test of the concert season since new sound rules went into effect on January 1, 2015.
Global Dub Fest, an electronic dance music concert, took over the venue on Friday night.
"It is a constant pounding of the bass," said Sherry Drobnitch, a Morrison resident who lives less than a mile from the amphitheater. "Sometimes the bass hits to the point where it's pounding against my house."
In order to reduce the sound level impacts on neighboring residents, bass levels must not exceed 123 decibels and noise must not exceed 108 decibels. Concerts on weeknights must end by 11:45 p.m. and by 12:30 a.m. on weekends.
"The key is trying to get that balance," said Casey Tighe, Jefferson County Commissioner. "We want to have a good show experience for the people going to Red Rocks, but they want to be good neighbors, too."
One infraction will cost a performer $10,000.
Performers at Global Dub Fest did not exceed noise levels on Friday night.
A prominent Russian journalist known for articles criticizing the country's government and President Vladimir Putin has died in St. Petersburg after being beaten up, their lawyer was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying.
Nikolai Andrushchenko, a 73-year-old co-founder of the weekly newspaper Novy Peterburg, was found unconscious with what colleagues described as head trauma on March 9.
Andrushchenko's colleagues and their lawyer, Konstantin Kuzminyka, say they underwent brain surgery and initially had been connected to a ventilator, but later was able to breathe on their own.
However, they said they never regained consciousness and died on April 19.
Novy Peterburg editor Denis Usov said Andrushchenko had been attacked previously, incidents they linked to articles that the newspaper has written about corruption in the city.
Those articles reported extensively on connections between St. Petersburg city officials and organized criminal syndicates.
Dunja Mijatovic, the representative for freedom of the press with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), said in a Twitter message on April 19 that Andrushchenko's death was the result of a "brutal beating."
Mijatovic has said that "journalists in Russia are far too often subject to acts of intimidation, threats, and attacks."
Andrushchenko had been a member of the St. Petersburg city council from 1990 until 1993.
They became a renowned journalist as a result of their investigative reporting about human rights issues in Russia, organized crime, and police brutality.
Andrushchenko began to express concerns about Putin after they came to power in 2000, writing that the secret services were taking control over Russia.
The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) noted that Andrushchenko had been arrested and imprisoned in 2007 on charges of defamation and obstruction of justice after they reported on a murder investigation and trial in St. Petersburg.
The CPJ also noted that Andrushchenko had been beaten by unidentified attackers in November 2007.
At the time, Andrushchenko's colleagues said they thought their beating and detention by authorities were attempts to intimidate them over Novy Peterburg's critical coverage of local authorities ahead of parliamentary elections.
Andrushchenko later claimed they were tortured in custody.
In 2009, a court in St. Petersburg found them guilty of libel and extremism and fined him.
The Memorial Human Rights Center had recognized Andrushchenko as a political prisoner when they were in custody.
With reporting by Interfax, Current Time TV, Reuters, and the Moscow Times
**CORRECTION: This article has been corrected to identify the lawyer as the source of the statement that Andrushchenko had been beaten, and to correct the transliteration of the newspaper's name to Novy Peterburg.
When we first started writing about axe throwing there was only one legit axe throwing center in the U.S. that we could find, which was Bad Axe Throwing in Chicago. Most axe throwing centres were in Canada. But now, months later, we're excited to announce that there has been a significant increase in the number of axe throwing locations in the U.S.
If you're anxious to scratch your axe throwing itch, now is the perfect time for you. And the best part? Some of the axe throwing centers have an alcohol license and you drink beer while you throw! So head out to your nearest location and start swingin'.
If you're a deal-seeker in addition to being a thrill-seeker, don't miss out on axe throwing coupons on Groupon.
Axe throwing is already a big thing in Canada but it didn't start spreading widely through the United States until this year.
Below, we've curated a comprehensive directory of all the U.S. Axe Throwing locations we can find.
Female school leavers still 36% more likely to study for a degree in England and gap is growing even wider in Scotland and Wales
The gap between male and female school leavers applying to start undergraduate degrees at British universities remains at record levels, according to the first official figures released for this year.
Ucas, the central body that administers university admissions, said applications submitted at the January deadline showed that young women are 36% more likely to apply than young men in England, the same gap as last year and the widest on record.
Even wider gaps were seen in Scotland and Wales – 55% and 50% respectively – to reach record levels, while in Northern Ireland the 39% gap was the biggest since 2009.
The gap among students from disadvantaged backgrounds was even higher, with young women in England now 58% more likely to apply than men with the same age and background – although ministers and policymakers will be pleased to see that applications from disadvantaged students have continued to rise.
Overall, the proportion of UK-based applications received through Ucas fell thanks to fewer submissions from those aged 20-to-24 and a drop in the number of 18-year-olds in the population. Applications from EU students outside the UK rose by 6% compared with last year.
“Our report shows further growth in demand for higher education but the declining 18-year-old population and a decrease in older applicants means the actual number of UK applicants available for universities to recruit remains flat,” said Mary Curnock Cook, Ucas's chief executive.
Although the number of women entering higher education has outstripped men for many years, the gap has continued to widen despite a massive expansion in the proportion of school leavers going to university.
Gender gap in university admissions rises to record level Read more
Experts say one reason for the gap is that women achieve better results in exams such as A-levels and Scottish Highers. When adjusted for qualification levels, men are still more likely to apply for higher education, and are more likely to be successful in their applications.
The figures were published after Curnock Cook said some teachers had told them they were “overpredicting” sixth formers' A-level results to help them receive offers from universities.
“In the past I would have said ‘surely you wouldn't be overpredicting your students on purpose?' And – just this last summer really – I had teachers coming back to me and saying ‘actually, yes we would',” Curnock Cook told a conference.
This year, 42.3% of 18-year-old women in England applied to higher education, an increase of 1.3 percentage points since 2015. But only 31.2% of men of the same age applied, an increase of 1 percentage point.
“In 2016, women were 36% more likely to apply for higher education at age 18 than men – the same as in 2015, and the highest recorded,” Ucas said in its analysis of the figures, which cover nearly all applications from UK school leavers.
In Scotland nearly 40% of 18-year-old women have applied, while the percentage of men fell for the first time since 2012 to below 26%.
Overall, 593,720 applied to enter UK higher education in 2016, up 0.2% compared with last year, of which 495,940 came from the UK, a fall of 0.3%.
In England the application rate of school leavers from the most disadvantaged areas increased by one percentage point to 22% – a new record. “This means that 18-year-olds living in the most disadvantaged areas in England are 81% more likely to apply to higher education in 2016 than 10 years ago,” Ucas said.
Les Ebdon, head of the Office for Fair Access, the watchdog tasked with monitoring access to higher education, said the figures showed the long-term work universities and colleges had done to increase the pool of applicants.
“However, too many people are still missing out on higher education, despite having the potential to succeed,” they warned.
Irish emigration is now at its highest level since before the Famine with 111 quitting Ireland each and every day according to official figures.
The government's Central Statistics office has confirmed that emigration has more than doubled in the past two years with over four thousand people seeking a new life in America alone in the period covered.
The vast majority of those emigrating are aged between 15 and 44 with Britain, Canada, Australia and New Zealand their likely destinations.
“You'd have to go back to the 1800s to get levels like that,” said CSO spokesperson Deirdre Cullen.
Over 40,000 Irish citizens quit the country in the last year as harsh economic reality hits home.
A new survey has confirmed that 40,200 Irish nationals emigrated in the 12 months to April, a rise of 45 per cent year on year.
Irish passport holders accounted for over 50 per cent of the 75,000 people who emigrated between April 2010 and 2011.
The figure for Irish nationals has increased from 27,700 to 40,200 in that period according to official data from the Irish government's Central Statistics Office.
The survey also confirms a drop-off in the level of emigration amongst non-Ireland people for the second year running with EU accession states like Romania and Bulgaria attracting their citizens back home.
The CSO figures state that emigration from Ireland reached 76,400 in the year ended April 2011, an increase of 11,100 on the 65,300 recorded in the previous year.
The report states that more than twice as many men and women of all nationalities left in the year to April than did in the same period in 2006 with 37,800 women and 38,700 men leaving in the survey period.
Of those, 18,900 people emigrated to Britain with over half of them men. The UK figure is up 31 per cent on the previous 12-month period.
The United States welcomed 4.400 Irish emigrants, of whom 2,400 were male.
___________________
Read More:
110 a day -- the latest CSO stats show extent of Ireland's shocking emigration problem
Irish Government to open a new Toronto offices as emigrants continue to arrive
Irish emigration figures to Britain skyrocket - new statistics show a 25 per cent increase
____________________
Almost 34,400 of those who emigrated were in the 25-44 age group with 33,100 in the 15-24 age group, 2,200 in the 45-64 age group and 5,000 people aged 65 and over.
Of the men who left, about 18,300 fell into the 25-44 age bracket, while 15,000 were aged 15-24 while amongst women leaving, most fell into the younger 15-24 group.
The UK and Australia are growing in terms of the numbers of Irish emigrating there but the survey indicates a fall in those leaving for other European countries.
The number of immigrants into Ireland also increased in the same 12 month period, from 30,800 to 42,300.
The CSO survey also shows a two per cent fall in employment, down 37,800 in the year ended mid-2011, compared with 2.9 per cent in the previous quarter. Analysts believe this trend suggests that unemployment is tapering off.
A population increase of 0.3 per cent in the year was unevenly distributed across the regions with Dublin showing the biggest increase of 0.7 per cent.
The CSO said: “The natural increase in the population continues to be very strong,” with 75,100 births in the 12 months to April this year and 27,400 deaths.
“The combined effect of strong natural increase and negative net migration resulted in a relatively small increase in the overall population of 13,600, bringing the population estimate to 4.48 million in April 2011,” said the CSO.
The rise in emigration has been condemned in a statement from the Union of Students in Ireland.
President Gary Redmond said: “Our graduates have two options: leave the country in search of work or join the dole queue.
“Soaring unemployment and emigration is hampering any hope of realizing the Government's ambitions of creating a smart economy in Ireland.
“Masses of highly skilled graduates are leaving for distant shores, taking with them the future prosperity of this island.”
After years of scoffing at talk of prejudice in the information technology field -- as a white male with good hair --, I'm starting to call prejudice against my being old(er). It's true: age discrimination is a real thing.
Since 2008, the number of age discrimination complaints has grown to around 25,000 a year. Some may argue that everywhere we turn these days, someone is complaining about something being unfair. Alright. Let's not just take complaints into account. But rather, let's look at the average age of IT workers at well-established companies. Facebook: 28. LinkedIn: 29. Google: 30. To put that into perspective, the average age of all U.S. workers is 42. Well above the average age at these companies. Even Mark Zuckerberg once publicly said, at an event held at Stanford: “I want to stress the importance of being young and technical. Young people are just smarter.”
By my clock, it's 3 till 60, so, yeah, I'm starting to get touchy about this topic. Having the insight that white -- mustache -- hair brings, I'm in a good position to debunk the younger is smarter philosophy. Allow me to point out what I've done throughout my decades of work -- yes, decades plural -- to stay employable, and share with those of you who are getting older (which is everyone), what you can do to avoid being put out to pasture once you pass 30.
No Country for Old Men?
“Younger people are smarter.” Balderdash. So that means companies shouldn't hire Sandi Metz, Kent Beck, or Uncle Bob Martin? All 30-year veterans. “They're just anomalies.” Not in my experience.
Six years ago, with the help of John Staler, I developed kettlerusa.com. I did the Groovy and Grails front-end, and John did the RPG back-end. John is one of the best programmers I've ever worked with. Yet, John has been around for... quite a bit. Let me put John's age into perspective with a quick story: I'd regularly test checkout by buying kettlerusa.com's cheapest product: ping pong balls. I'd often forget to cancel my orders, which resulted in the delivery of numerous packets of ping pong balls to my house. Anyway, Captain Kangaroo was a popular children's TV series from 1955 to the mid-'70s. The Captain regularly had ping pong balls dropped on them as a prank by their moose friend. One day, I made a Captain Kangaroo reference to my growing stock of ping pong balls. I assumed John had watched the show. But, when I saw that they were confused about the reference, I described the sight gag to him. John responded: "Don, I grew up without a TV. It was the early ‘50s." That's right, not only was John pre-Node.js, pre-Ruby, pre-Java, and pre-Internet, they were pre-television. Yet, you aren't going to find a better programmer -- RPG or otherwise. Not even including the self-proclaimed "smarter" 30-year-olds and younger.
Yeah. OK. So he's RPG. Want an example where the programmer codes in something other than “antiquated” RPG? How about HTML5, JavaScript, and C#? Then, read my blog post on Jim Stanicki, the guy that got me into this field back in the early ‘80s.
20 Years of Experience Versus 1 Year 20 Times
When I hear someone say they have 20 years of experience, I wonder if that's really true or if they merely had 1 year of experience 20 times. I've known too many developers that used the same techniques they learned in their first year of employment for the entire span of their career. I found this to be true in the IBM AS/400 RPG marketplace with 40- and 50-year-olds, but I've also found it to be true with 30-something Java developers. In the early 2000s, I traveled the country teaching Java seminars to RPG developers. I had expected that those RPG developers would be familiar with modern modular RPG programming techniques, but what I found was that most of them were still using old-school RPG. They had stopped enhancing their core skill set -- much less acquiring new ones. Then, between 2008 and 2010, I was training Java developers at Circuit City on Groovy and Grails. These folk were mostly late 20s and early 30s, and they were just fine sticking with good-old, write-everything-yourself, don't-bother-with-frameworks, Java.
My point is certainly not that these younger developers were smarter. It's that many programmers let themselves grow stale. And the bigger problem is, after doing the same year's worth of experience ten times, many programmers forget how to learn. Not only can it be extremely hard to catch up with ten years of technology, it can be next to impossible if you've forgotten how to learn.
If you plan on being in the IT field for more than 10 years, you need to be a lifelong learner. I've always been a lifelong learner. I've learned and developed with numerous programming languages, frameworks, and strategies. As a result, I've honed my learning skills. Case in point: I've been told that you can't learn a second language when you're in your 50s. I'm here to tell you: that is false. I started teaching myself Italian when I was 52. Now, I read and listen to novels written or spoken in Italian on a daily basis, and I'm way past “conversational” Italian. And so, for me, learning another programming language or framework is a piece of cake.
Only as Good as Your Last Two Years of Accomplishments
Kent Beck has suggested that, with consistent use of pair programming, the capabilities of programmers don't differ much after two years of experience. Understand that this is in an environment where techniques and skills are seamlessly shared. An environment where the secrets of veterans become common knowledge. My take-away, when I first heard these decades ago, was 1) pair and otherwise compare myself to other developers as often as possible, and 2) don't think that my decades of experience guarantees marketability or warrants higher salary.
I often say that I'm only as good as what I've accomplished in the last two years. I could tell you about all my accomplishments over three decades, such as replacing the use of a System/3 punch card system with the AS/400, writing a Cobol debugger, or…. Ah, I'm boring you. What you do care about are things I did in the last two years. Things like: learning and developing with ElasticSearch, configuring multiple applications on AWS OpsWorks, setting up Docker for multiple client applications, converting Rails 2.x applications to Rails 4.2, upgrading Ruby 1.9 to 2.2, and making more effective use of Git and, more specifically, GitHub.
Forget my age. I'd be willing to bet that my list of accomplishments in the last two years rivals any 20-to-30-year-old's. The perennial question then is: what am I going to say are my accomplishments two years from now?
How Developers Can Make Those Two Years Count
Learn, adapt, and learn some more
Treat this year as if it were your first year as a developer and assimilate everything you can. Reclaim the energy you had in your first year of coding. Regain the drive you had to prove to yourself and to your employers that you were “all that” for this IT field. Resume reading about tech, playing with new techniques, and persuading others to teach you. Reacquire the excitement of collaborating on newfound knowledge with other developers. Be a lifelong learner and investigate all forms of learning, including:
Podcasts
Webcasts
Ruby coders continue to love RailsCasts and, I've lately been enjoying Ruby Tapas.
Magazines and newsletters
I subscribe to: InfoQ, Ruby Weekly, DZone Daily Digest.
I also subscribe to ThoughtWorks Radar to stay on top of what technologies are hot.
Online interactive courses
I was a Rails instructor for CareerFoundry, but there are hundreds of options available.
Conferences and seminars
Try to get to one conference a year. Understand that you often learn more in conference hallways than you do in the sessions.
If you can't get to conferences, take advantage of the fact that many sessions are available online. I recommend confreaks.tv/conferences as it lists sessions from dozens of conferences.
Blogs
Follow a few quality blogs -- like the Corgibytes blog and Giant Robots Smashing into Other Giant Robots -- where you're notified of new posts.
Have your own blog and post regularly. Everyone comes up with solutions to problems or has an opinion that others would benefit from. Plus, writing a blog post solidifies your knowledge.
Also take the time to discover and leverage what kind of learner you are. Do you learn best from books (that's me) or do you need a classroom environment? Are you an audio learner? Whatever your learning style, try to learn something new every day.
No work is an opportunity to learn
Being between jobs is no excuse for not learning new technologies. You don't have to be employed to get experience. Do your own internet startup. Platform As A Service (PAAS) hosts, like Heroku and AWS, can be free or almost free. Come up with some goofy idea and flesh it out. Put it on GitHub as a public repository so others will see it. Do the whole cycle from backend database and maybe some NoSQL and a simple front-end. Later move that front-end to a single-page app like Ember or React or Angular. Add checkout with credit card processing.
Here's a bad idea for a startup, but one that would give you loads of real-world experience: Virtual Lemonade. Create a site where someone can use their phone's current location to see what lemonade stands are available. That means you'll need Global Information System (GIS) enablement and a database of stands. You'll need server-side code and then client-side. And then, you'll need to provide the ability for kids to register their stand with your service. Maybe give them notifications of a traveller looking for a stand so they can say they are open. You may not become the next Zuckerberg, but you certainly will pick up a full gamut of marketable skills.
Be and look fit, but don't worry about looking younger
I don't think, as some career counselors recommend, that you should try to look younger with hair dye or plastic surgery. What you should do is exude energy. To remain relevant in an industry that seems fixated on youth, it's crucial to be spirited. And an overweight 50-something wheezing smoker does not suggest vitality.
A year or so ago, I was attending a two-week training session with about a dozen 20- or 30-something developers. The training was on the 22nd floor and, every day after we came back from group lunches, I'd always take the stairs. The first day or two, one or two of the kids would join me, but I got no repeats. It's pretty hard to be considered a has-been when they can't keep up with you.
Don't go overboard just to prove a point. Be yourself. Only, your best self. Fitness can be as simple as a daily brisk walk. Maybe stuff in your earbuds and listen to a tech podcast on that walk. I watch webcasts while on the crosstrainer at the YMCA, and I listen to podcasts while unicycling. I prefer lunch workouts because it clears my head in the middle of the day, and I'm refreshed when I get back at it in the afternoon.
I don't believe you should go to extremes to look younger. I could look younger simply by shaving my white mustache off (the hair on my head is full with only a few flecks of grey). But I earned those white hairs and wrinkles; they're badges of experience. I once had someone say to me: “The eighties called, they want their mustache back.” “Well,” I quipped, “This mustache is from the eighties, so I'm keeping it.”
Be interesting
I don't care what age you are, if you're a couch potato, I guarantee that you will elicit boredom in an interview. Be interesting... to yourself. Everyone benefits from hobbies. It doesn't matter if others think your hobby or passion is odd or a bit off. For example: I keep bees and ride a unicycle. I also know civil war reenactors -- which you'd have to pay me to do --, but I find these people fascinating. I'm sure, if you don't already have a hobby, you have interests that you just haven't turned into hobbies. Having a hobby is essentially a fun form of lifelong learning.
Be upfront about your age
I feel that you should provide clear indication to potential employers what your general age is so you can weed out age-discriminatory employers. Do you want to work in an environment where they look at you as dead weight or one that values your energy and experience? Here are the first two sentences from my cover letter to Corgibytes: “Your team is looking for someone with ‘7+ years software development experience' and a ‘Polyglot programmer with skills in 5+ programming languages and 2+ frameworks.' How about 7+ years of C/C++, 7+ years of Java, 2+ years of PHP, and then 3+ years of Ruby (not to mention 7+ years of RPG and Cobol, otherwise, you could do the math and guess my age).” So I gave a tongue-in-cheek account of my age in the first paragraph.
Take a cut in salary for new opportunities
I have taken big cuts in salary three or four times in my career. I'm talking 10-20 thousand dollars a year. And not because I was out of work. I left existing jobs because I did not see myself growing technically in those positions. I've also turned down big salary jobs because I felt they'd stifle my technical growth. Some of my job changes ended up, arguably, being bad choices as they ended up being dead ends, but I make sure that I always walk away from a project with accumulated and marketable knowledge.
I've seen too many people lock themselves into technologies (like Lotus Notes and Domino) and find themselves unmarketable after spending 10 years in that industry. Even if you have a high-paying salary, don't let the tech world pass you by. Be sure to be up on the latest technologies. And, if you can't do that at your current position, maybe it's time to move on.
Be Forever Young
As I mentioned earlier, yes, age discrimination is here and real. Our bodies get old and some -- like Zuckerberg -- will use that against us. But the biggest mistake would be to compound that by letting our minds and spirit get old as well. That is where we can stay "young."
Bob Dylan said it best:
"May you build a ladder to the stars
And climb on every rung
May you stay forever young"
"May you grow up to be righteous
May you grow up to be true
May you always know the truth
And see the lights surrounding you
May you always be courageous
Stand upright and be strong
May you stay forever young"
"Forever young, forever young
May you stay forever young"
Note that when Bob Dylan released their 33rd album, Together Through Life (which climbed to number one in Britain), they were 68 years old.
For years, one of the few perks of living in Sacramento was said to be its proximity to the Bay Area, which allowed residents an easy escape to cooler, livelier, more cultured San Francisco on the weekends.
Now, it seems, Bay Area residents are the ones trying to escape – chased out of the region by exorbitant housing prices. In increasing numbers, they are heading northeast to the calmer, more affordable environs of Sacramento, which is experiencing its own civic and cultural awakening.
And they're finding it ... not terrible.
The San Francisco Chronicle on Monday published a story exploring the trend and talking to people who had made the move, which ran under the headline: “Bay Area residents are flooding Sacramento. What's it really like living there?”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Not only, it turns out, are the roads paved and mostly free of tumbleweeds, but Sacramento is “a city coming into its own, with a burgeoning food, arts and culture scene,” the story states. Furthermore, one is able to enjoy these amenities with the disposable income, the result of not paying a small fortune to live in a closet in the Bay Area.
As the Chronicle points out, the real estate website Zillow lists the median home value in Sacramento at $299,200. The median home value in San Francisco is $1,194,300. Affordability is one reason Sacramento was the fastest-growing big city in California last year, its population increasing 1.4 percent to 493,025, The Bee reported in May.
A recent Bloomberg report said Sacramento was the most popular destination searched by San Francisco residents looking to move during the first quarter of this year on the real estate website Redfin. (That report also described Sacramento as “the California capital whose last flirtation with national prominence arguably was during the 19th-century Gold Rush”).
The result is a bit of a domino effect. Housing prices in Sacramento are rising. The Bee reported that homes in Sacramento County sold for an average of $330,000 in May, the highest prices in 10 years. While the increase may pique some residents, Bloomberg says it has “helped facilitate the economic recovery of Sacramento” after the recession.
A vibrant food and beer scene, urban development and a still-fresh downtown arena are all indications of a vitalized Sacramento. Still, new residents coming from the Bay Area may feel they have to compromise.
As part of its report, The Chronicle asked 20 people who had moved to the Sacramento area whether they are “better off” now. While most answered yes – for reasons such as cost of living and lower stress levels. However, one responder distilled the conflict. “Financially I'd say we're better off,” they told The Chronicle, “culturally no.”
A data mining pilot project by the Flemish government to unlock the region's academic research is using mainly open source tools. The so-called RILOD (Research Information Linked Open Data) pilot is about to go into it's next - public - phase. After, the final two proprietary software tools will be swapped by open source alternatives, says Geert Van Grootel, a knowledge management expert working for the Economy, Science & Innovation (EWI) department of the Flemish government in Belgium. "We're replacing the proprietary relational database system by Postgresql and the text mining tool will also be switched to an open source alternative."
RILOD's components include multiple servers running Linux, Java application server Tomcat and web server Apache. "We're using standards as much as possible, and we aim to be as interoperable as possible, which explains why it will all be open source soon."
Van Grootel emphasises the project's use of open standards. "This allows us to choose between open source and proprietary solutions - as long as the latter use open standards." One example is the current proprietary text mining tool, which connects to the system using Apache's Unstructured Information Management standard. "Others, preferring a different text mining tool, can connect using the same standard."
The EWI researcher stresses that the project will not exclusively use open source. "Not all requirements can be addressed by this type of solutions.
Manufacturing
The system gathers information including draft research papers, academic research websites and publicly available research abstracts. It combines this with public data in machine-readable format made available by Flemish universities, colleges and research institutes. "We're building a solid base for research intelligence", Van Grootel said. The system currently contains some 200 million facts.
One use case for the research data mining could be to find types of industry that can replace those that are disappearing, such as car manufacturing. "The tool could show that there is much research capacity in 'Logistics'. That can underpin a government's decision to support entrepreneurs in that field."
Van Grootel presented the data mining project at a big data conference taking place in Ter Hulpen, on 21 November. "This open data project aims to maximise the re-use of scientific data and components, reduce cost, enable monitoring of government policies and increase understanding.
In its current pilot phase, the data mining project is used by researchers and government staffers. Once public, Van Grootel expects that the tool will be also be used by the financial sector, by industry and by citizens.
Collaboration
The researchers are hurrying to improve the visualisation of all the research data, before opening the system to the public, sometime in early 2014. "We're also exploring the data to find potential areas for collaboration." All of the RILOD's data and tools will be made publicly available, announces Van Grootel. "We're looking at ways to package the solution, so it can be deployed by others."
More information:
Testing Visualisations
sparql endpoint
Voters stand in line at a polling place in Gilbert, Arizona, during the state's March 22 primary. | AP Photo DNC sues Arizona over voter irregularities
The Democratic National Committee will file a joint lawsuit in district court in Arizona on Friday over allegations of voter disenfranchisement and voting irregularities stemming from the state's March 22 primary.
The DNC will file the suit in federal court along with the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, the state Democratic Party, Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick's Senate campaign and primary voters.
Story Continued Below
The lawsuit, which will name Arizona Secretary of State Michele Reagan, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors and Maricopa County Recorder Helen Purcell as defendants, alleges that action taken by election officials is responsible for voters waiting up to five hours in line at polling precincts and that the state arbitrarily rejected provisional ballots, mainly from Hispanic voters.
In Maricopa County, the state's most populous county, the number of precincts dropped from more than 200 in 2012 to just 60 last month. A draft version of the complaint states that the county's “ill-informed and poorly executed decision … forced thousands of voters to wait in lines for upwards of five hours to cast their votes.”
“The reduction of voting locations was particularly burdensome on Maricopa County's Hispanic and African-American communities,” the draft says. “This fiasco was the direct result of Maricopa County elections officials' decision to focus on cutting the costs of the [presidential preference election] by severely reducing the number of polling locations, rather than ensuring that there were a sufficient number of polling locations per eligible voter and that such locations were accessible to minority communities.”
Hillary Clinton handily won Arizona's primary, 58 percent to Bernie Sanders' 40 percent. After the results came in, Sanders' campaign and their supporters were especially livid about the long lines, and suggested they played a role in Clinton's large margin of victory.
Both campaigns announced later Thursday that they would join in on the suit. “We share the concerns of Arizona supporters of both campaigns who encountered barriers and appreciate the DSCC and DNC's willingness to let us join the case as a party,” Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook said.
“The handling of the primary election in Arizona was a disgrace. People should not have to wait in line for five hours to vote,” Sanders' campaign manager Jeff Weaver said. “How many people were turned away? What happened in Arizona is part of a pattern of voter disenfranchisement by Republicans.”
DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said the lawsuit is “absolutely necessary” because what the state did is “absolutely wrong” but will continue unless action is taken.
“Republicans are using every tool, every legal loophole and every fear tactic they can think of to take aim at voting rights wherever they can,” Wasserman Schultz said in a statement. “And what they're aiming at is clear — they want nothing less than to disenfranchise voting groups who are inconvenient to them on Election Day.”
The DSCC argued that voting is a basic right no one should be excluded from. “In recent years Republicans have engaged in a clear and systematic attempt to limit access to the ballot box, and what happened in Arizona is only the latest example,” Montana Sen. Jon Tester, chair of the DSCC, said in a statement. “If the concept of fair and free elections is in danger anywhere in our country it must be addressed head on, which is what we intend to do.”
Republican Gov. Doug Ducey slammed their state's election officials last month for the chaos at the polls, where in addition to long lines, many voters were also turned away — the state held a closed primary, which excluded independents from voting.
Dhaka has proposed starting a joint anti-terrorism crackdown with Yangon especially against the Arakan Army and other insurgent outfits of Myanmar. Bangladesh's Foreign Ministry made the proposal after summoning Myanmar's acting ambassador in Dhaka, Aung Myint, on Monday. An official of the ministry, requesting anonimity, said it was a completely new proposal. “We have shown our interest to help Myanmar get rid of its security concerns,” the official added. This was the second time the envoy was summoned to the ministry in a span of 48 hours. In a formal letter issued to the ambassador, Bangladesh has proposed joint operation along its border with Myanmar through cooperation between the border security forces of the two countries. Though the Myanmarese forces have been carrying out atrocities on the Rohingya minorities in the country's Rakhine State for the last few days, Yangon recently claimed that Bangali terrorists were doing so. When asked if the use of the term “Bangali terrorists” was discussed, the Foreign Ministry official said: “We have expressed our grave concern about the term and asked the ambassador to tell the higher authorities of their government not to use it again.” Bangladesh had placed another such proposal for joint operation to Myanmar in August 2016, which was not that elaborative compared to the latest one. The Border Guard Bangladesh and the Border Guard Police held a meeting on this issue in April this year, which ended without any decision. This article was first published on banglatribune.com
Here's screenwriter Dan O'Bannon's original concept art for the creature in Ridley Scott's Alien. Other Alien/Aliens concept art floating around online includes H.R. Giger's early face-hugger drawings and the heavy loader design that James Cameron rejected.
This is a bunch of concept art and rare images we came across on the web, some of which appears to be screenshots from the rare Alien/Aliens laserdisc. None of it is new, but it's all new to us. (You can view it in non-gallery format here.) Check out more Alien-related goodness at these links, and also check out H.R. Giger's website. [When is evil cool? and Skiffy]
Advertisement
Concept artist Ron Cobb's original alien design - they worked on the film before H.R. Giger came on board.
Advertisement
The original alien's articulated jaw - note that the alien actually had a human skull in its forehead, which isn't really visible in the film.
Advertisement
Another view of that weird skull-forehead thing.
H.R. Giger's original facehugger concept art.
Advertisement
H.R. Giger alien concept art!
H.R. Giger alien concept art!
Advertisement
H.R. Giger alien concept art!
H.R. Giger alien concept art!
Advertisement
Moebius' concept art for human uniforms
Ron Cobb concept art
Advertisement
The Nostromo cockpit concept art by Ron Cobb, which became the actual blueprints.
More Cobb concept art.
Advertisement
More concept art.
More Cobb concept art.
Advertisement
More Cobb concept art.
Early concept art for the ship with the alien eggs in it.
Advertisement
Ridley Scott drew their own storyboards for the film.
More Ridley Scott storyboard art.
Advertisement
James Cameron's painting of the alien planet.
James Cameron's concept art for the alien egg sacs
Advertisement
James Cameron's alien queen concept art.
Syd Mead's concept art for the heavy loader, which Cameron rejected.
Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry is keeping up a public feud with GOP presidential rival Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, saying Monday that the business person is becoming a "cancer" to conservatism.
"Defending conservatism against the cancer of Trump-ism – I hope you'll join me Wednesday in DC," Perry tweeted Monday, linking to a policy forum in Washington where they will speak later this week.
ADVERTISEMENT
Perry said last week that "Trump-ism" involves "a toxic mix of demagoguery and nonsense," after which Trump said Perry "should be forced to take an IQ test" before the first GOP debate.
The pair have sparred for weeks after Perry become one of the first GOP presidential candidates on July 2 to denounce Trump's controversial remarks on immigrants from Mexico.
That led to a series of back-and-forth criticism between the two. Amid the feuding, Trump has skyrocketed in presidential polls, while Perry has fought to solidify a position in next month's GOP debate.
Their clash saw an added element over the weekend, when Perry said that Trump disqualified themselves for president when they suggested Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), a former prisoner of war during Vietnam, was not a hero and that they preferred those who did not get captured.
Trump's criticism of McCain drew rapid backlash from other Republicans over the weekend.
Perry, who served in the Air Force, added Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press" that Trump's comment was "a bullet that went through John McCain and hit a lot of us that were in the uniform in this country."
The former Texas governor continued to pan Trump's "absurdity" on Monday in an op-ed for National Review, writing that the position of president "is serious business, not a reality TV show."
Alberta is the only province without a dental fee guide, which gives patients an advantage through better competition, says Dr. Randall Croutze of the Alberta Dental Association and College. New Alberta resident Leah Ettarh said that after opening their mail and finding two credit card receipts — for $59.45 and $174.32 — they thought their dentist had forgotten to bill their insurance company.
"I thought maybe there was a mix-up. That this is the receipt for the entire amount," Ettarh said.
Instead, the total bill for them and their son's two checkups was $901.
The $233.77 total on their two credit card receipts was the portion of the bill not covered by their insurance, which pays 80 per cent of what it considers reasonable.
Ettarh checked the prices their dentist charged for individual procedures and discovered that in every case, they were higher than what their insurance company, Equitable Life, was willing to pay.
For example, Ettarh's out-of-pocket expense for two bitewing X-rays, after their insurance paid its share, was $22.20.
That's about what they would have paid in B.C., had they paid cash, with no insurance coverage at all, according to that province's fee guide.
"I was shocked," Ettarh said. "You leave with sort of the feeling in your stomach that maybe you were ripped off."
Ettarh and their family had recently moved to Edmonton. Previously, they had lived in New Brunswick and British Columbia.
They said this was the first time they had been out of pocket a significant amount of money after seeing a dentist.
"Even in Vancouver, where you would assume costs are higher….our 20 per cent (that their insurance doesn't pay) rarely exceeded a few dollars."
Fees vary, but dentists reluctant to disclose them up front
Alberta is the only province without a dental fee guide, and dentists are free to set their prices at whatever level they choose.
Fees vary widely, even between neighbouring clinics, but patients such as Ettarh say it's hard to shop for the best prices because dentists are reluctant to reveal their fees until they have you in the chair.
Ettarh said they couldn't afford to use the same dentist again and began looking for one whose rates were within those covered by them insurance.
"I was never able to get a simple answer for how much one basic service would cost," they said.
Albertans are paying dentists double or even triple what patients in other province pay, says Sharmin Hislop of Alberta Blue Cross (CBC) Ettarh said the first question they were always asked was whether they had insurance.
"It immediately tells me that there are different prices for those that have insurance or don't have insurance," they said.
The Alberta Dental Association and College, which promotes and regulates the profession, denies dentists charge more if you have insurance.
"It is actually unethical for a dentist to vary their fees based on whether a patient has insurance or not," said Randall Croutze, the provincial association and college's past president, and currently vice-president of the Canadian Dental Association.
Fees in Alberta 'extremely high', insurer says
There's no doubt Albertans are paying more for dental care, according to Sharmin Hislop of Alberta Blue Cross, a non-profit and the province's largest payer of dental services.
"Fees in Alberta are extremely high," Hislop said.
"In some cases double, sometimes even almost triple what other provinces' are."
According to a Blue Cross survey, a typical annual checkup for an adult costs $357.43 in Alberta.
The same visit costs on average $164.90 in B.C. and $192 in Saskatchewan.
Croutze doesn't believe Albertans pay more on average than people in other provinces.
"I don't think that's a very fair comment," they said.
"When I've taken a look at surveys of fees in other jurisdictions, there are fees that are higher and fees that are lower, depending on the service."
Lack of fee guide promotes price competition, profession says
When Alberta last had a fee guide, in 1997, it was seen by some as price fixing, Croutze said.
Croutze said the absence of a fee guide benefits Albertans by encouraging price competition.
They said dentists are reluctant to disclose their fees in advance because it's not possible to know what the final cost will be, even for routine checkup procedures.
"I don't think there is a routine sort of thing," they said.
Croutze said the cost of a cleaning will vary according to the condition of a person's mouth, their hygiene, and whether they smoke.
What Alberta resident Leah Ettarh had to pay their dentist after insurance was almost as much as they would have paid in B.C. had they had no insurance at all. (CBC) "It's impossible to give a quote," they said.
Hislop said Blue Cross would prefer dentists to disclose their fees to patients up front.
"I think our plan members would love that," they said.
Hislop said Blue Cross has reimbursed plan members who, after receiving lower quotes, travelled to other provinces or even Mexico in search of cheaper dental care
Croutze said dentists always work to keep costs down.
"We are both," they said. "We're the business person and we're the health care provider and what we're doing is walking that fine line between the two and as a result of that we're always making sure there's good value."
Croutze said the best way for a person to control dental costs is to use good oral hygiene, by brushing and flossing regularly and avoiding smoking.
Health minister to review dental costs with college
Sarah Hoffman, Alberta's health minister, said getting rid of the fee guide in 1997 may have been intended as way to lower costs, but instead, they have risen faster here than elsewhere.
"This is definitely something I look forward to exploring more deeply," Hoffman said, noting that government had the power to influence dentists' fees before 1997.
"I'm committed to making sure that we do a review," they said.
"Maybe it's a fee guide. Maybe there are other solutions, but it's something I intend to explore in the coming months and the college will be a part of those discussions."
Ettarh said that since moving to Alberta, they have had to adjust to thinking like a dental consumer instead of a dental patient.
"I think it's very odd," they said.
"In Alberta, looking for a dentist is not like looking for a family doctor. It's kind of like shopping for a used car."
When the San Francisco 49ers meet the Seattle Seahawks in the biggest game of this weekend, the major storylines won't be hard to predict. The two-star quarterbacks (San Francisco's Colin Kaepernick and Seattle's Russell Wilson) will receive ample attention while the NFL's hottest rivalry will be hyped to maximum effect. Probably running far behind all that hoopla is the importance of Seahawks Pro Bowl running back Marshawn Lynch. He's the epitome of everything Seattle has become, and he's only just beginning to show the world what he's really all about.
After all, Wilson wouldn't be nearly as productive if Lynch couldn't flip their game to its notorious "Beast Mode" and force opponents to keep eight defenders around the line of scrimmage. The same holds true for the dominant Seahawks defense, a hard-hitting unit that is able to stay fresh when Lynch is gobbling up yards. In fact, the entire Seattle team -- one that has become known for its aggressive, physical style -- owes a good portion of its tenacity to Lynch's hard-charging style. As Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll said, "I don't know if we really had an identity before they got here. They helped give us the one we have now."
Marshawn Lynch is a tough man to pin down, on and off the field. AP Photo/John Froschauer
Lynch has gashed the 49ers for at least 100 yards in each of the last three games he's played against them. He's also been the least vocal member of a team that is filled with players who don't mind talking. Where All-Pro cornerback Richard Sherman rarely has passed on the opportunity to utter a timely quote, Lynch has operated as if he's trying to maintain their stay in a witness protection program. The less he's let people into their life, the more enigmatic he's seemed to those outside of the organization.
Lynch has been the heart of Seattle's success since being traded from Buffalo midway through the 2010 season. At that point, Lynch was pegged as a problem child in need of a fresh start, a talented player with a gift for finding their way onto the radar of NFL commissioner Roger Goodell. In 2009, Goodell suspended Lynch for three games -- after Lynch pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor weapons charge during that same year -- and the book was out on the troubled runner.
What Lynch has given the Seahawks is a nastiness that has been critical to Carroll's program. The progressive-minded head coach can use all the new-age thinking and outside-the-box tactics they want, but when it comes to banging and grinding, they see the value of old-school football as well. Lynch, on the other hand, has gone all-in with Carroll because the coach has given them the trust he's always desired. Carroll fought hard to make that trade for Lynch a reality, and the player has rewarded that faith with a relentless desire.
Lynch gave Seahawks fans a play for the ages in their first playoff game of the 2010 season, as they broke nine tackles on a 67-yard touchdown run against the New Orleans Saints. They followed that up with 1,204 yards and 12 rushing touchdowns in their first full season in Seattle and 1,590 yards and 11 scores on the ground last season. Lynch, now in their seventh NFL season, has elevated their game to a higher level with every passing year in Seattle. Just as importantly, he's realized that their power isn't limited to the football field.
This past July, they held what has become an annual event in their hometown of Oakland, Calif., a five-day party that is meant to shine a spotlight on a rugged city. There was a football game with relatives and old friends, a talent show for local kids, a charity bowling event and a football camp for children of all ages at their old high school, Oakland Tech. The same guy with the suspect reputation and the disdain for the media was even hoping local reporters would attend (as ESPN's "E:60" was there for an upcoming story). They wanted people to know they were raising money to support their plans for a youth center in the same rough neighborhood they escaped years ago.
Marshawn Lynch provides an old-school edge for Pete Carroll's new-age coaching style. Jim McIsaac/Getty Images
At the camp during that event you could also get a glimpse of who Lynch really is. They raced onto the Oakland Tech field on a Saturday morning to face hundreds of kids who had been waiting for them to arrive. Lynch was late because he'd been arrested on suspicion of DUI the night before. He'd spent the ride from the jail to their camp trying to figure out how best to explain their actions to children who longed to enjoy their type of success someday.
It wasn't merely that Lynch did the right thing in being honest about their mistakes to those kids that morning. It's that it hurt them so much to think he'd let them down in the first place. Lynch knew they hadn't just made a mistake that could lead to another suspension and serious questions about whether Seattle was right to give them an extension earlier that year. They also are losing ground in a pursuit that had become important to their own maturation.
Lynch is learning that it isn't enough to lead from the shadows, not for a man who has as much to say as they do. At some point, the greatest talents also have to develop the courage to paddle away from their own comfort zones. Lynch could've easily remained the bruising runner who piled up yards and trips to Hawaii. Somehow they realized that they were smart enough to give the world a little more of himself.
After all, you can't sell dreams to poor kids in Oakland if you don't speak up. You also can't control your own image if it's always defined by police reports and misinformed impressions of outsiders. The irony of what Lynch is starting to reveal about themselves is that there's always been substantial depth there. They just didn't see a need to share it with the rest of the world.
Today is a different day. They may not be completely in love with the idea of talking to the media constantly or even baring their soul. But they are growing in ways that are both noteworthy and essential to their own personal success and that of their team. The people in Seattle have known for the last couple of years that Lynch is impossible to contain. As their career progresses, the rest of the world would be wise to realize that the best in them is still yet to come.
Happy Mondoid all. Here's all the latest on all the stuff soon to come to PZ's Kentucky heartlands.
NEW MAP STUFF
The two new map areas are pretty much done, and Mash is currently linking them up to the main map with some new roads. They'll need a brief stay on an internal build for sanity checking, but afterwards will be packaged into one of RJ's imminent-ish Build 35 IWBUMS beta releases. We want exploration-minded beta testers to discover them on their own terms, but here's a clue.
(We should probably say that it isn't Fort Knox, as that would presumably have a few of these!).
ANIMS
We had a quick chat about your/our frustration with anims not joining in with all the testing last week, and are still under the bonnet connecting gears and sprockets today.
At present the code PZ uses for the state machines (ie. what's going on ‘right now!' for characters – so a zombie could be in ‘bite state', or a player could be in ‘swing state') is being transplanted into the new animation state system.
We're writing a hook system to allow the xml that defines the animations and states to call Java or lua functions that mimic the structure of the existing PZ state machine very closely. In this way it becomes far easier to transplant the masses of code found in the state system into a similar structure within the new version. We can remove all the code that relies on 2D animation frames (for example: ‘on the 12th frame of swing bat animation, connect the hit and apply damage and XP!') and then we can take the appropriate chunks of code and transplant them fairly unchanged into the new status quo.
This will both minimize the amount of work in the process, and standardise the system for new gameplay additions and modding in the future.
VOIP
A test of General Arcade's latest VOIP build last week revealed a few problems in terms of players whose microphones weren't being picked up – which further analysis has revealed is connected to the sampling rate of the capture device. Popular ranges like 48000Hz and 16000Hz weren't working, but now the bug has been worked out our industrious Russian friends are beavering away on a fresh build that (fix dependent) should be ready for a wider test.
BUILD 35 IWBUMS BETA
RJ has been on a roll with MP improvements for long-suffering admins and hosts in the current public beta, and as such didn't want to break their momentum. To this end the 35.20 release will have a vastly improved Safehouse system, and easier clan/group management that we'll be calling Factions just because it sounds a bit more apocalyptic-y. Over to RJ:
“I've been talking to some of the people who run PZ servers to find out how we can make MP a better place for players. This has entailed a bunch of powerful new tools for Admin, and also new stuff for players themselves.”
“I've reworked the Safehouse system with a brand-new UI. This will make a Safehouse owner's life much more easy: you can quickly add people from a list, change Safehouse title, hand over ownership and players can now also remove themselves from the building's list.”
“There's also a new server option: ‘DisableSafehouseWhenPlayerConnected'. Basically, if set to ‘true' by the admin, it'll remove the safehouse's anti-trepass and non-looting security if anyone tied to it is connected online, and also a little while after the last player of a safehouse disconnects to avoid ‘safety-quitting'. I'm playing around with the system to check for loopholes and hoping that this will encourage some cool faction wars, while also still keeping peoples' loot safe when they're not playing the game.”
“Something else going into 35.20, or maybe 35.21, is the ability to form a Faction and invite players to it. Once you have enough in your gang you can choose a tag, which will always be visible to your faction friends – but you can choose whether or not the strangers you meet can see it and identify your allegiance. Faction PvP will automatically mean that melee attacks won't hurt your friends, but this can be turned off by players themselves should they want to put friends out of their misery – while firearms will always be deadly no matter what.”
“Something else that'll be good for servers has also been added and tested too: a ‘No PvP Zone' that Admins can drag out over the map. Players within this zone will be invulnerable to attack, but also won't be able to attack – even with firearms. This also comes with a brand-new UI that allows for quick deletion, changing the zone's name and teleportation to other zones that have been created.”
This week's pin-up player is the thunderstruck Thundahstuck. The Centralized Block of Italicised Text would like to direct your attention to the PZ Wiki should you feel like editing or amending something, and the PZ Mailing List that can send blogs like this and patch notes direct to your mailbox. We also live on Twitter right here! Our Discord is now open for chat and hijinks too. A general overview of the content of PZ builds past, in testing and upcoming can now be found here.
Donetsk People's Republic has proclaimed itself a sovereign state and has asked Moscow to consider its accession into Russia, the Republic's council said.
“We, the people of Donetsk, based on results of the May 11 referendum and the declaration of sovereignty of the Donetsk People's Republic, declare that from now on DPR is now a sovereign state,” Republic Co-Chairman Denis Pushilin said. “Given the will of the people of the Donetsk People's Republic, and in order to restore historical justice, we ask Russia to consider the issue of our republic's accession into the Russian Federation,” they added.
Earlier on Monday the results of referendums have been announced in Donetsk and Lugansk Regions, showing the majority of voters support self-rule, amid an intensified military operation by Kiev which resulted in several deaths.
Almost 90 percent of voters in Donetsk Region have endorsed political independence from Kiev, the head of the Central Election Commission of the self-proclaimed ‘Donetsk People's Republic', Roman Lyagin, announced.
“Counting the ballots proved to be surprisingly easy – the number of people who said ‘no' was relatively small and there appeared to be only a tiny proportion of spoiled ballots, so we managed to carry out counting quite fast. The figures are as follows: 89.07 percent voted ‘for', 10.19 percent voted ‘against' and 0.74 percent of ballots were rendered ineligible,” Lyagin told journalists.
In Lugansk Region 96.2 percent of voters supported the region's self-rule, according to the final figures announced by the local election commission.
The Kremlin's press service has issued a statement, saying: “Moscow respects the will of the people in Donetsk and Lugansk and hopes that the practical realization of the outcome of the referendums will be carried out in a civilized manner.”
It stressed the necessity of a “dialogue between representatives of Kiev, Donetsk and Lugansk.”
At the same time, both the EU and US dismissed the ballots in eastern Ukraine as illegal.
In the two weeks prior to the referendum, Kiev intensified the military operation in southeastern Ukraine. May 9 became one of the bloodiest days in the weeks of the operation. It has been confirmed that nine people were killed and another 49 injured during the armed assault of Kiev's army on Mariupol's Police HQ. Driven by reports of shooting, residents, then mostly celebrating WWII Victory Day, flocked to the scene. The Kiev fighters opened fire on civilians.
LONDON — The NFL doesn't have plans for any more regular-season games in Canada, but that doesn't mean the league is turning a blind eye to the north.
As the NFL seeks to groom more international talent, a top executive believes Canada could serve as a fertile ground to identify potential players through workout camps known as combines.
MORE: the Best undrafted free agents from every NFL team
"We have regional combines in the U.S.," NFL executive vice president of international Mark Waller told Sporting News in an exclusive interview. “Why not an original combine going into Canada that looks not only at Canadian athletes but potentially extends invitations abroad?”
Of the four major American sports leagues, the NFL is the only one without a minor-league system designed to develop players who aren't pro-ready. NFL Europe was shuttered in 2007 when playing regular season games outside the U.S. became the league's focus for international growth.
The only commitment the NFL has made toward better developing prospects in recent years was expanding the size of practice squads to 10 players. However, limitations on the amount of time coaches can spend doing on-field work during the offseason has curtailed some of its effectiveness.
Waller said the league already has steps in place to try to identify international athletes with NFL possibilities. For example, Waller said ex-defensive end and London native Osi Umenyiora was part of a group that scouted wide receiver Moritz Bohringer from the German Football League. Despite not having played college football, Bohringer became a sixth-round pick by Minnesota in last April's draft.  They are a member of the team's practice squad.
MORE: 10 best undrafted free agents in NFL history
Waller said international combines would be "much more geared to finding potential cross-over athletes — athletes who are already developed in, let's say, rugby and we bring them in.
"We're looking at skill set transferability and the potential for those athletes to grow into the NFL," they continued. “I think that's an interesting area of opportunity for us. I think it would be an interesting area of opportunity for the countries that could potentially be interested in that."
Waller is well aware that the transition international athletes face in trying to master the nuances of pro football is especially difficult for those who didn't grow up playing the game or immersed in the trappings of it. Jarryd Hayne had that problem in 2015. They were a star Australian rugby player who had the physical dimensions to thrive in the NFL. But Hayne quit after one season with San Francisco, citing a lack of playing and practice time that was hindering their development.
"It's not just all athletic talent and capability," Waller said. "Our game is a very different game from a learning standpoint to a playbook and cultural perspective, and the pressure of only playing 16 games a year and every minute of every game counting. There's little room for error and to learn while playing.
"But we definitely need to do more work in that area. There's definitely a host of potential athletes that could and should play in the NFL."
MORE: Best quotes from NFL Week 7
The NFL's last regular season game in Canada came in 2013 before the Buffalo Bills canceled their agreement for more Toronto contests. Waller laments that the NFL isn't looking to return.
"At the moment, we don't have enough inventory (of international games) to commit going back to Canada, which we probably should be doing," Waller said. "We've got a fan base there and a hugely popular sport."
A sport that could become even more popular if Canadian athletes dotted NFL rosters.
My daughter is in love with their new Wicked Wizard Witches Hat! I designed this hat just for her, and they knew it! They barely let me even finish the hat before ripping it out of my hands. One of the best things about being a crochet hooker is that my daughter has been well trained to love hats! 😀 I am sharing this free crochet pattern, for a toddler size Witch/Wizard hat, with all of you <3 I hope you enjoy it as much as my daughter does.
Also check out the Newborn size!
Supplies
Worsted Weight Yarn (I used Redheart)
5 mm Crochet Hook
Crochet needle (just for weaving in ends)
Stitches
CH- Chain
SC – Single Crochet
HDC – Half Double Crochet
Get Started!
Round 1: Magic Circle, CH 2, 3 HDC, Join to top CH of CH 2.
Working in a continuous round
Round 2: HDC in next 4 stitches
Round 3: 2 HDC , HDC , 2 HDC , HDC
Round 4: HDC in next 6 stitches
Round 5: **2 HDC, HDC in next 2 stitches, repeat from **one more time
Round 6: HDC in next 8 stitches
Round 7: **2 HDC, HDC in next 3 stitches repeat from **one more time
Round 8: HDC in next 10 stitches
Round 9: **2 HDC, HDC in next 4 stitches repeat from **one more time
Round 10: **2 HDC, HDC in next 5 stitches repeat from **one more time
Round 11: HDC in next 14 stitches
Round 12: **2 HDC, HDC in next 6 stitches repeat from **one more time
Round 13: **2 HDC, HDC in next 7 stitches repeat from **one more time
Round 14: HDC in next 18 stitches
Round 15: **2 HDC, HDC in next 5 stitches repeat from **TWO more times
Round 16: HDC in next 21 stitches
Round 17: **2 HDC, HDC in next 6 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 18: **2 HDC, HDC in next 7 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 19: HDC in next 27 stitches
Round 20: **2 HDC, HDC in next 8 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 21: **2 HDC, HDC in next 9 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 22: **2 HDC, HDC in next 10 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 23: HDC in next 36 stitches
Round 24: **2 HDC, HDC in next 11 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 25: **2 HDC, HDC in next 12 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 26: **2 HDC, HDC in next 13 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 27: **2 HDC, HDC in next 14 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 28: **2 HDC, HDC in next 15 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 29: **2 HDC, HDC in next 16 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 30: HDC in next 54 stitches
Round 31: **2 HDC, HDC in next 17 stitches repeat from **two more times
Round 32: HDC in next 57 stitches
Round 33: **2 HDC, HDC in next 18 stitches repeat from **ONE more time, 2HDC, HDC in next 16 stitches, SC in next stitch, Slip stitch in next stitch.
Change colors
Round 34-37: CH 1, HDC in same stitch and in next 59, Join to first HDC
Change colors and start working in single rounds
Round 38: CH 1, HDC in same stitch and in next 59, Join to first HDC
(After remaking this pattern, I would suggest using a slightly smaller hook for the brim)
Round 39: CH 1, and working in front loop only, 2 HDC in same stitch, HDC in next 4 stitches, **2 HDC in next stitch, HDC in next 4 stitches repeat from **around, Join to top of first HDC
Round 40: CH 1, and start working in BOTH loops again, 2 HDC in same stitch, HDC in next 5 stitches, **2 HDC in next stitch, HDC in next 5 stitches repeat from **around, Join to top of first HDC
Round 41: CH 1,2 HDC in same stitch, HDC in next 6 stitches, **2 HDC in next stitch, HDC in next 6 stitches repeat from ** around, Join to top of first HDC
Change colors
Round 42: CH 1, SC in same stitch, SC around, Join to first SC, Finish off
This Stitch11 post Sponsored By:
Opinion Place Online Surveys are highly recommended by Corina!
It is an easy way to earn a few bucks & pay for your next skein of yarn.
Pallet tasks are ending up closer the folks that are interested in artwork and crafts. Pallet performs a vital characteristic nowadays for domestic decor and presents a house extra adorable. We've got more than better pallet craft ideas and initiatives. We offer you extra conventional pallet craft ideas. If you are an on hand individual and also you need to do something new with wooden pallet you can make more splendid tasks with antique wooden pallets. Art has no limits and barriers. You could plan some pallet projects & ideas for kids like kids' mattress, fixtures and so on. We've got a few contemporary pallet projects & ideas for kids. Pallet bed is a very easy task; just you want timber pallet and a mattress for the bed. There is no need of more money simply you may place some time to this undertaking. Some stunning pillow and cushion set at the mattress of the bed and this pallet bed will present a lovely look.
We've some other charming concept of kids' furnishings made from pallets. These thoughts are so incredible and appealing that we consider that your children will love them. When you have the opportunity, reproduction a number of our charming thoughts and make interesting and playful fixtures on your children. So, take a deep breath and spot our extremely good collection where you could discover a lot of inspirational ideas. Kids' pallet furniture is a need of your youngsters in sufficient area to play around. There are such a lot of Pallet Projects & Ideas for Kids with very good materials and your children's may be very satisfied to look all of these. You simply ought to make sure that the Pallet timber furniture is easy to make. You may additionally make the table and chairs to match or pallet daybeds, pallet stools, and playhouses. That's your kids' lifestyles!
Did you ever need a ramp for your luggage (or bike), or a shelter from a sudden downpour, or a place to sit down and tie your shoe? IBM believes that city life can be awfully inconvenient–and that cities should be designed with the needs of ordinary citizens in mind.
Many brands talk about making their communications output useful, but they're usually talking about apps or other digital or social programs. IBM has taken the idea of utility and applied it to the traditional outdoor ad. The company has launched a series of outdoor ads that double as functional surfaces for the “People For Smarter Cities Project.” The goal of this campaign, created in collaboration with Ogilvy & Mather France, is to encourage forward-thinking citizens and local leaders to consider how to make their neighborhoods “smarter” and, therefore, better.
So here's the thing. I don't like posting rumors like this because they're often fake and turn out to have tons of false information. But here's my dilemma. The entire Nintendo Switch presentation was leaked the night before on 4chan and they got nearly every single detail accurate and correct.
Now, that's not to say that the following information is 100% verified and to be true, but it's interesting either way. The post says a Nintendo Direct will be scheduled for April 1st, which is April Fool's Day. That alone is suspect, but what's even more suspect is April Fool's Day happens to fall on a Saturday this year.
Now, it's not impossible that Nintendo would host a Saturday Nintendo Direct because it's been done before, but once again improbable. Either way, take everything you see here with a grain of salt because it'll be gone soon and we won't know if it's true for five more days.
Nintendo Direct 4.1.2017 Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door HD A remaster of the GameCube classic for Nintendo Switch. In addition to bringing back the features fans loved about the original, some things are tweaked and balanced, like the back tracking in Twilight Town. The game is scheduled for release in October. Super Mario Maker for Nintendo Switch A port of Mario Maker is coming to Switch with the Wii U features intact. This includes Amiibo support, Costume Mario, and uploading levels to Course World. A couple new course features are introduced as well, like slopes. Breath of the Wild DLC Gameplay is shown of the Cave of Trails, which was announced back in February. The new feature in the map shows players when enemy camps are nearby. Splatoon 2 A new trailer is shown detailing the gameâs story mode. Agent 3 must defend Inkopolis from the Octarians as they invade Inkopolis and try to steal back the Great Zapfish. Bill also talks about the gameâs ranked modes, which include the returning Splat Zones and Tower Control, along with a new mode. In addition, all 3 modes can be selected separately at any time, and are not tied to a time rotation like the stages. The game will also be compatible with the Splatoon series of Amiibo, and the Amiibo challenges from the first game are returning. Virtual Console will be starting up soon. NES and SNES titles are planned to start being released in May. Gamecube Games are indeed coming to the Virtual Console. Certain games that required Analog Triggers will have the option to configure the shoulder buttons to indicate a light, or full press. For example, pressing R will indicate a light press, or ZR will indicate a full press. Super Smash Bros. Melee will be available in early June, with Super Mario Sunshine and Mario Kart Double Dash coming in late June. Indie Games Bill passes it over to Damon Baker, who announces release dates for some of the Indie Games described in the Indie Presentation back in February. Runner 3 will launch on October 12th, SteamWorld Dig 2 will launch on June 8th, Overcooked: Special Edition will launch on May 18th, Stardew Valley will release on July 13th, and Shakedown Hawaii will release on April 6th. Ever Oasis Damon them pases it back to Bill to talks about upcoming 3DS games. This section starts with talking about Ever Oasis, which releases on June 8th. Lady Layton is coming to the US, and is planned for a 2018 release date. Fire Emblem Echoes Details on the special edition of the game are given, as well as a deeper look into the gameâs world, and what the Alm and Celica Amiibo do. The Amiibo can allow you to summon certain characters from past Fire Emblem titles to add to your party. You can also scan previously released Amiibo of FE characters and add them. ARMS The direct ends with the new trailer for ARMS. It details the gameâs story mode, and announces 4 new characters. The game releases on May 29th. There is nothing Smash Bros. related in this direct. Not even the 3 remaining Amiibo. Donât get your hopes up.
Donât forget to follow NintendoToday on Twitter and to like us on Facebook for the latest Nintendo news!
[via 4chan]
This week's SportsCar America is jammed pack with exclusives and the latest stories from the world of North American sports car racing. First, Ed Brown, CEO of Tequila Patron and part owner/driver for IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship team Tequila Patron ESM joins the show to discuss the recent announcement of their prototype racing retirement – they even give us a couple of hints at where and what they could be racing next year! After a quick review of the Pirelli World Challenge Grand Prix of Road America, Porsche factory driver Patrick Long discusses their big win and great points-capturing weekend at America's national park of speed. And there's even time for a headline!
Subscribe: iTunes | Google Play | Pocket Casts | Stitcher | RSS
Download: SportsCar America Season 2 Ep. 23
In this Episode:
SportsCar America covers the latest in North American sports car racing for Slipstream Network. Follow the hosts below.
SportsCar America is a bi-weekly North American sports car show written, produced, and edited by Slipstream Network, published every other Wednesday. Slipstream Network – Motorsport in SIGHT|SOUND|STORY. Find out more about the Slipstream Network at www.slipstreamnetwork.com.
Music: City of Murals,
Guests: Cheo Hodari Coker Cheo Hodari Coker
We look forward and backward and completely nerd out this week!
First up, we recap the latest Game of Thrones episode, "Eastwatch" and look ahead to how these tangled plot lines may play out. Is Cersei Lannister with child? Will Lord Baelish put their little finger between the recently reunited Stark sister act?
Then Amita completely surprises Sean with a Game of Thrones Inside Pop Quiz! Does Sean know a Tully from a Tarly? Can they name all three of Daenerys' dragons? Listen to find out!
Then, in anticipation of this week's premiere of The Defenders on Netflix, we revisit our conversation with Marvel's Luke Cage Creator and Executive Producer Cheo Hodari Coker who discusses their future plans for the Luke Cage character.
And in the Big Sell, Amita shares their reaction to an Afropunk 2017 playlist and they big sells Sean a new song by BOSCO featuring St. Beauty.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Instagram @PopInsiders
Visit our official website for bonus content: www.insidepoppodcast.com
MARCH 24, 2016
Katie Eder, Director of Content
There was some degree of unmet demand for pharmacists nationally in January and December, which was a slight improvement from November, when the number of pharmacists looking for work seemed to exceed the number of pharmacist jobs available.These findings stem from the Pharmacy Workforce Center's (PWC) overall pharmacy Aggregated Demand Index (ADI), which was reported at 3.09 in December 2015 and 3.05 in January 2016, compared with 2.96 in November 2015 For reference, an ADI of 3 would indicate that demand for pharmacists is in balance with supply. Meanwhile, an ADI above 3 would indicate that demand for pharmacists is higher than the available supply of open positions, while an ADI below 3 would indicate that demand for pharmacists is lower than the available supply.Of note, the November 2015 data marked the first time in 10 years that the national ADI was reported below 3.At the state level, Alaska (5) currently has the highest demand for pharmacists, followed by Arkansas and Mississippi (4.5), and Kansas and Louisiana (4). The states with the lowest demand for pharmacists are Massachusetts and Hawaii (1.5).By comparison, the states with the highest demand for pharmacists in November 2015 were Alaska (4.75), Arkansas (4.20), and Louisiana (4.14), while those on the other end of the spectrum were Massachusetts (1.75), Hawaii and New York (2.0), and Connecticut, Iowa, New Jersey, North Dakota, and Virginia (2.33).Regionally speaking, the South, Midwest, and West all have ADIs above 3, while the Northeast is seeing a slight oversupply of pharmacists, at an ADI of 2.81.“In the New England and South Atlantic divisions, the average ratings reflect that demand decreased the most, and the West South Central also saw a slight decrease in demand,” PWC's January 2016 report stated.In their exclusive commentary about November's ADI , Lucinda L. Maine, PhD, RPh, executive vice president and CEO of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy, explained that the monthly data are calculated by panelists “who primarily represent employers within the traditional pharmacy practice settings of chains and health systems.”“What's missing are all the other settings where pharmacists work, including physicians' offices and clinics, where future demand may be quite substantial,” they noted.
July 27, 2015
Adventists 'Most Racially Diverse Religious Group in U.S.'
Adventist leaders say the Pew findings reflect the church's mission to prepare all people for Jesus' return.
, Adventist Review
Don't worry if you happen to walk into a Seventh-day Adventist church in the United States where English is not the first language of choice. Chances are you are worshiping in one of the increasingly typical Adventist congregations across the country.
Seventh-day Adventists are the most racially and ethnically diverse religious group in the United States, according to a report released Monday by the Pew Research Center, a respected non-partisan organization in Washington.
“Thirty-seven percent of adults who identify as Seventh-day Adventists are white, while 32 percent are black, 15 percent are Hispanic, 8 percent are Asian, and another 8 percent are another race or mixed race,” Michael Lipka, a Pew editor who focuses on religion, wrote in the report.
The analysis, based on data provided by the 2014 Religious Landscape Study, looked at the racial and ethnic composition of 29 major religious groups. Racial and ethnic groups were broken down into five categories: whites, blacks, Hispanics of all races, Asians, and other races and mixed-race Americans.
After collating the data, Pew gave Seventh-day Adventists a score of 9.1 in the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index, well above the national average of 6.6, where 66 percent of church membership is white. The least diverse religious group in the United States, according to the report, is the National Baptist Convention, a traditionally black denomination that received a score of 0.2.
Gary Krause, director of the Office of Adventist Mission for the Adventist world church, said the church's very mission of preparing all people for Jesus' Second Coming called for diversity.
“We're not an American church. We're not an African or Asian church. We're not a European church,” Krause said. “We're a worldwide movement with a mission to all people groups.”
They noted that the Adventist Church operates in 215 countries and territories. “But we're not happy about it because the United Nations lists 22 more where we don't have established work,” said Krause, whose office coordinates and provides funding for the church's global mission work. “We're all God's children, and we love to welcome people from all races into our family.”
In the United States, the Adventist Church has grown more diverse since 2007, according to a similar Pew report carried out that year. In just seven years, the number of white Adventists has decreased by 6 percentage points, from 43 percent to 37 percent, while the number of black Adventists has increased by 11 points, from 21 percent to 32 percent. Asian members grew by 3 percentage points, from 5 percent to 8 percent, and Adventists in the other/mixed-races category doubled from 4 percent to 8 percent.
The margin of error for both the 2007 report and the new report is less than one percentage point, Katherine E. Ritchey, communications manager for the Pew Research Center, told the Adventist Review.
Daniel Weber, communication director for the Adventist Church's North American Division, said the 1.2 million Adventists in the United States are a direct reflection of the church's worldwide membership of 18.5 million people and growing.
“As our church has grown overseas and is represented in almost every culture, race and language group, this same diversity has also changed in North America because our experiences with different cultures overseas has allowed us to be more effective in reaching the diverse growing populations here,” Weber said. “The Gospel Commission calls for us to reach all people of all cultures.”
The Adventist world church has not conducted research solely on its diversity. But the findings of an unpublished 2013 general survey of North American church members that included questions on ethnicity fall in line with Pew's new report, said David Trim, director of the world church's Office of Archives, Statistics, and Research.
Trim was not surprised by the Pew report, saying the Adventist Church as a whole is very accepting of all people and its message emphasizes commonalities such as a community in Christ and the hope in the Second Coming rather than differences.
“We have an identity that transcends national and ethnic differences — and that is not true for every church,” Trim said.
The Pew report defines a denomination as diverse if no racial or ethnic group amounts to more than 40 percent of its adult membership. Only two other religious groups fit that definition: Muslims (with a score of 8.7) and Jehovah's Witnesses (8.6), which placed second and third, respectively, after Adventists.
The Herfindahl-Hirschman Index used by Pew is a measurement commonly applied to market share studies, among other fields. It is usually used to contrast monopolies against companies that face less competition.
On the other end of the index's spectrum, the least religiously diverse groups tend to be denominations where most of their members are either mostly white or mostly black.
The report includes three subsets of people who are unaffiliated religiously: atheists, agnostics, and “nothing in particular.” All three groups are mostly white.
We reserve the right to approve and disapprove comments accordingly and will not be able to respond to inquiries regarding that. Please keep all comments respectful and courteous to authors and fellow readers.
On patrol in Farah Province, Afghanistan, June, 2009.
The attitude that there's little the U.S. can do for the Muslim world is back.
Maybe everyone is misreading America's views on foreign policy?
Among Republicans, there's a big argument between the so-called isolationist wing of the party and the ostensibly interventionist wing. On the left, there's a similar debate (though liberals are never described as isolationists no matter how isolationist they might be). Among Democrats, the dividing lines are murkier if for no other reason than the Democratic party takes its lead from President Obama, and their own views are murky, to put it charitably.
Advertisement
Advertisement
#ad#
The biggest boon to the anti-interventionists is the simple political reality that Americans just don't want to intervene in Syria. They also want to get out of Afghanistan. They don't seem to care much that Iraq is slowly sliding back into chaos. The footage out of Egypt may be horrific, but I would be surprised by any groundswell of sympathy for the Muslim Brotherhood.
Some commentators paint all of this as part of a general isolationist or inward-looking attitude on the part of the American people. And Lord knows that after so much American blood and treasure has been spilt since 9/11, nearly everyone is war-weary.
Advertisement
But there's a simpler reason for American reluctance to intervene in the Middle East that plays a much bigger role in people's attitudes about foreign policy. It can be summed up with the words “to hell with them.”
Advertisement
I borrow the phrase from my National Review colleague Rich Lowry. In 2006, as even the rosiest scenarios in Iraq turned gray, Lowry wrote an essay on how the Bush administration was losing the support of the “to hell with them” hawks. These were, in Lowry's words, “conservatives who are comfortable using force abroad, but have little patience for a deep entanglement with the Muslim world, which they consider unredeemable, or at least not worth the strenuous effort of trying to redeem.”
Recall that this was the time when the Palestinians held an election in Gaza and proceeded to elect a repugnant terror organization, Hamas, as their dictators. President Bush routinely responded to every fresh atrocity by insisting “Islam means peace” until it became a punch line.
Advertisement
Over the preceding two decades, the U.S. sent troops into harm's way five times to liberate Muslim people — in Bosnia, Kosovo, Kuwait, Afghanistan, and Iraq — and yet America's reputation generally worsened. And whenever Muslim fanatics launched horrific and brutal terrorist attacks — slaughtering, mostly, fellow Muslims — the supposedly vast reservoirs of moderate Muslims rarely voiced much outrage. Meanwhile, our supposed partners in Afghanistan and Iraq, never mind our allies in Egypt and elsewhere, didn't express much interest in democracy that extended beyond saying the right words to keep the river of U.S. tax dollars flowing.
Advertisement
The understandable — if not necessarily laudable — response from many pro-defense conservatives was, “To hell with them.” They don't want our help and, besides, we can't help them when we try. If they attack us, we will attack back, but beyond that, they're on their own.
That attitude is back with a vengeance, and not just among self-described hawks. There's even a version of that attitude among doves. Though they probably wouldn't say, “To hell with them,” they share a similar attitude that there's little the U.S. can do for the Arab and Muslim world. Indeed, this exasperation is something of a boon for segments of the anti-American Left, who've always seen U.S. power as a force for ill in the world. President Obama offered the Muslim world a grandiose do-over, promising to be, in effect, an anti-Bush president. He's now less popular among Arabs and Muslims than Bush was in 2008.
The “to hell with them” attitude is no doubt prevalent among Americans who dislike Muslims, but having animus in one's heart is not a prerequisite for exhaustion and exasperation with large swaths of the Middle East. All you need to do is read the headlines coming out of the Middle East and feel like, “I've seen this movie before.” And thanks to fracking and other technological boons, the fact that we're becoming less and less reliant on Middle Eastern oil only serves to undermine arguments that we need regional stability at any cost.
Advertisement
You can't prove a negative, but my hunch is that support for Israel or South Korea, never mind our NATO allies, remains quite strong. If real friends were threatened, the American people would support coming to their aid. It's just that there's a growing — or, in many cases, deepening — sense that we don't have real friends in the Muslim world.
— Jonah Goldberg is the author of The Tyranny of Clichés, now on sale in paperback. You can write to them by e-mail at goldbergcolumn@gmail.com, or via Twitter @JonahNRO. © 2013 Tribune Media Services, Inc.
As use and popularity of Ether continues to grow, DAO and building of smart contracts around it are also on the increase. Cashila, a Bitcoin payment processor has announced the creation of ICONOMI, a platform to buy, sell, trade and store Ether.
Cashila allows customers to make purchases of the new cryptocurrency with a direct wire transfer. The service operates as a Euro wallet which lets users send money (pay bills, cash out Bitcoins), receive money (third-party deposits), keep funds in it or convert to Bitcoin.
Ether purchases made easy
Within the past year, there has been a lot of activity surrounding Ethereum and its associated elements. We have seen the underpinning cryptocurrency of Ethereum, Ether rise to be second only to Bitcoin within just eight months of its existence.
Unlike Bitcoin and other more popular cryptocurrencies, exchanges which deal with Ether are not yet as popular. Cryptocurrency trade limitations and other factors hinder the flexibility and ownership of Ether.
The CEO of Cashila, Tim Mitja Zagar says that for now ICONOMI is a platform, where you can easily deal with ether, with a vision to become a single point of entry for investing into the crypto space. In the future, they say, the company will be adding various hand-picked cryptocurrencies especially those recognized to have potential and to count as valid.
“ICONOMI is to become a place, where you come to see which cryptocurrencies you should look out for, in which to invest and where you keep them safe. If it's on ICONOMI, it's legit.” They say.
Jani Valjavec, CTO at Cashila claims that ICONOMI makes the Ether acquisition and useer process easy for individuals. In their words,
“It is so easy to go through the whole process. You don't have to have in-depth knowledge about the whole crypto world, and you can still participate in it. ICONOMI is the whole package”.
Miners switch to Ethereum
The CEO and Founder of EC District, Aleksandar Matanovic confirms that Ether has been enjoying some strong rally since the start of 2016. A scenario which is a bit different when compared to Bitcoin. With Bitcoin, most people started getting interested in technology after the price of the currency had significantly risen. With Ether, it was the technology which initially attracted attention, and now it's the currency which is making headlines, says Matanovic.
Matanovic says they know a lot of local miners of the cryptocurrency.
I take the decision not to vaccinate personally. I've tried to have empathy for the other side, I've tried to tell myself that it's none of my business, but I can't and it is. Someone who refuses to vaccinate their children because they're afraid of autism has made the decision that people like me are the worst possible thing that can happen to their family, and they're putting everyone at risk because of it. I've been told by some anti-vaxxers that they don't mean my brand of autism; they mean non-verbal autism, or as they are so fond of calling it, “profound autism.” I'm not about to take any solace in the idea that they're willing to make exceptions for autistic people who can perform as neurotypical, or at least pose as little annoyance to neurotypicals as possible. That just means that I will cease to be of any value to these people if I am no longer able to pass as one of them, and that they see no value and no humanity in anyone who communicates or behaves differently from them. Tell me again who has the empathy problem?
The best that I can muster in the anti-vaxxers' defense is that they're not 100 per cent responsible for the anti-autism sentiment fueling their movement. The idea that autism is an unparalleled tragedy didn't happen in a vacuum. It came from the very people who claim to support us.
Take Autism Speaks, for example. The world's most prominent autism-related charity has a pretty cuddly exterior. Celebrities toss money at it. People wear blue things to help it raise awareness. It claims to help autistic people and their families. Why would anyone question its intentions? It would be absolutely absurd to run a charity for people you hate, after all. Right?
But Autism Speaks isn't really a charity for autistic people. It's a charity for neurotypical people who have been afflicted with the horror of having autistic people in their lives. Since its inception in 2005, Autism Speaks has perpetuated the idea that people with autism are a burden and somehow “lost,” and they've refused to listen to any actual autistic people who disagree with their party line. It's supported a number of dangerous and dubious treatments, like electroshock therapy and chelation, a lead poisoning treatment that has many risks and no proven benefit as an ASD cure, all in the name of making autistic people appear more neurotypical. Its official statements consistently refuse to acknowledge any humanity in autistic people, or recognize that their families experience anything other than abject misery. In its 2013 Call For Action, founder Suzanne Wright, who has an autistic grandson, wrote that families with an autistic member “are not living. They are existing. Breathing — yes. Eating — yes. Sleeping — maybe. Working — most definitely — 24/7. This is autism. Life is lived moment-to-moment. In anticipation of the child's next move. In despair. In fear of the future. This is autism.” And honestly, that's one of the less offensive things she's said about us.
This is far from true for the countless families who have spoken out against Autism Speaks. It's certainly not the case for mine. We are all, last I checked, living. We work together to bridge our differences in communication, sensitivities, attributes, and detriments to go about our lives in a way that expands far beyond the moment-to-moment. We're no more or less imperfect or tragic than the average family. We don't even have measles. I have good days where my strange and intense interests give me a unique perspective in my writing and my focus helps me get it down on paper. I have bad days where I can't ride public transit without having a panic attack and I have to leave the room when my husband chews food because I find the sound of it unbearable and overwhelming. I have stimmed to my heart's content and I have hit myself. Throughout all but the worst of it — depression is a common comorbidity of autism, likely because living in the neurotypical world is often trying — I've been pretty sure that I am “living,” and better for it. Throughout all of it, my loved ones have preferred my autism to my possible illness or death, or the deaths of others. I'd say I was grateful, but really, this should be a given.
Autism Speaks is currently urging parents to vaccinate their children, though it was funding and supporting vaccine-related research as recently as 2009. But it continues to spout the kind of anti-autism rhetoric that made people who aren't so great with critical thinking so scared in the first place.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The time has come for Scotland's political parties to focus on using new powers, Scottish Secretary David Mundell has said, adding it was "beyond doubt" the "vow" had been delivered.
But SNP MPs criticised the Government for bringing forward hundreds of new amendments to the Scotland Bill at the start of a bad-tempered report stage debate.
A maximum of six hours is available to discuss the legislation, intended to implement further devolution as recommended by the Smith Commission following the independence referendum, before it completes its Commons scrutiny. Hundreds of amendments have been laid down in a 76-page book of possible changes to the Bill.
The Bill came about as a result of "The Vow" made by David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg shortly before the end of the Scottish independence campaign.
Opening the debate, Mr Mundell insisted the Government has listened to arguments and concerns about the legislation before bringing forward the changes.
They said: "The Government's amendments will strengthen the Scotland Bill's provisions and clarify its delivery of the Smith Commission agreement. With that done, it will be time for Scotland's political parties to work together to make the new powers a success for everyone in Scotland.
"The amendments put beyond doubt the Bill fully delivers the Smith Commission agreement."
Among the Government's proposed changes are new constitutional language and new or revised powers on taxes and welfare.
In later amendments, ministers will add powers over abortion law to the Bill.
Mr Mundell said: "It's a bit rich both to be criticised both for taking no amendments (at committee) and then in the same breath for lodging too many amendments. We took the committee process seriously, we took the contribution by the devolved powers committee in the Scottish Parliament very seriously, and that has determined our thinking in lodging these amendments.
"The House will not be surprised the Government still considers full fiscal autonomy is not in the interests of the people of Scotland.
"I believe Scotland's parties, rather than re-running the referendum, need to work together to understand how the powers in the Bill will be used for the benefit of the people of Scotland.
"The UK Government is honouring its commitment in the Edinburgh Agreement, accepting the result of the referendum and moving forward to give the Scottish Parliament significant new powers within our United Kingdom."
The Scotland Bill proposes handing new powers from Westminster to Holyrood, with the promise of more control over taxation, VAT revenues and welfare spending.
The cross-party Smith Commission was established to look at how to deliver the additional powers promised by the then three party leaders.
A new Franklin Pierce University/Boston Herald poll shows Bernie Sanders leads Hillary Clinton 44 to 37 percent among likely Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire. In March, the same poll showed Clinton leading Sanders 44 to 8.
That is ... a big swing. Support for Clinton also looks very different from support for Sanders. The poll asked likely Democratic primary voters for their overall impressions of both candidacies. Support for Clinton's candidacy is fairly grudging, with only 35 percent of likely Democratic voters admitting to actual, authentic excitement for the Democratic frontrunner:
Sanders is just the opposite. Their supporters seem thrilled by him. The main thing holding Sanders back from much bigger numbers is a fear that he's simply not electable:
But perhaps the worst number for Clinton has nothing to do with Bernie Sanders at all. The poll asked Granite Staters whether Vice President Joe Biden should run. Forty-six percent of respondents — a plurality — said they should. Their favorability also increased 14 points since the March poll.
So imagine you're Joe Biden reading this poll. You want to run for president — you badly want to run for president, you've always wanted to be president — but you've just not been sure Hillary Clinton is beatable. Now you see a New Hampshire poll in which Hillary Clinton is actually, literally, losing. And losing to Bernie Sanders of all people. And in that poll, the likely Democratic voters of New Hampshire are crying out for you to enter the race. And the Democrats who most want you in the race, according to the crosstabs, are the ones who self-identify as moderate or conservative, which is to say, your likely supporters don't really overlap with Sanders's supporters.
The real problem for Clinton isn't Sanders. While it's possible they can mount a challenge in a few states, their team doesn't believe they can seriously threaten their nomination. But Biden, potentially, can. And the Clinton team's best strategy for keeping Biden out of the race is to convince them that there's no reason for them to enter the race — Clinton is an unstoppable juggernaut, and Biden will just be humiliated as they were in 2008. But if a few more polls like this one emerge, that's going to become an increasingly hard case to make.
There are two bright spots for Clinton in this poll. First, 80 percent of New Hampshire Democrats have a favorable view of their candidacy. And 65 percent believe she'll ultimately be the nominee. So their problem isn't that Democrats in the state don't like her, or even that they've lost faith in their chances. Them problem is that, as of yet, they haven't given New Hampshire Democrats much to be excited about, whereas Sanders has.
Watch: Bernie Sanders on what scares them most about American democracy
Audio: Christopher Capozzola speaks with Ryan Warner
U.S. Army Rangers training at Fort Hunter Liggett, Calif., in 2014. (U.S. Army photo courtesy Spc. Steven Hitchcock) The website for the United States Selective Service System says registering for the draft is plain and clear: "It's What a Man's Got to Do. It's quick, it's easy, it's the Law." And while no one has been drafted into the U.S military since the 1970s, men ages 18 to 25 are required to register in the event the military needs them.
Now, Colorado U.S. Reps. Mike Coffman, and Jared Polis, a Republican and Democrat respectively, have introduced a bill to do away with the agency. They argue it's costly and unnecessary. Another bill in Congress would require women to sign up along with men.
We speak with Coffman and Christopher Capozzola, a professor of history at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
4G LTE devices are apparently so hot this year, Sprint is selling LTE phones without a network to support them. Sales of 4G-equipped smartphones, tablets, portable hotspots and other devices are set to explode in 2012 as carriers continue to expand 4G coverage and roll out new networks. In a recent report, market research firm ABI Research said that 4G device sales will balloon nearly 300% to 87 million units in 2012. ABI notes that higher prices are still a barrier to 4G devices in some regions, however, and consumer confusion is an issue as well. “As evidenced by the Australian iPad 3 promotion fiasco, when iPad 3s were being promoted as being ‘LTE-ready,' even though the modem is unable to access the Australian LTE spectrum band, the number of LTE spectrum bands will hamper initial pricing and product roll-out,” ABI analyst Philip Solis said. “Nevertheless, in addition to 61 million 4G handsets being shipped in 2012, we estimate 26 million 4G non-handset products will be shipped. In the short-term, most of that will reflect customers purchasing USB dongles for legacy laptops and netbooks, followed by customer premise equipment, or home modem, purchases.” ABI's press release follows below.
87 Million 4G Devices to Ship in 2012
SINGAPORE – April 19, 2012
4G subscriber adoption is primed to take off in 2012 as a range of 4G-enabled mobile devices, from USB dongles, smartphones, tablets, 4G portable hotspots, and wireless broadband CPE modems, are shipping from assembly line to retail stores. “4G devices are expected to generate 87 million in unit sales in 2012, up 294% year-on-year,” states Jake Saunders, vice president of forecasting. “The lion's share of the market is now backing LTE as service provider and vendor support has fallen away from WiMAX.” Observing the success of 3G cellular services, it is clear there is a natural evolutionary demand from end-users, both business and consumer, to jump onto the 4G data bandwagon. However, there are still some teething issues that will need to be worked through.
Some operators in Western Europe have stated that while customers do recognize 4G offers higher speeds, they are not necessarily signing up in droves, as many of them are not prepared to pay the premium for 4G handsets and 4G tariffs. “High definition,” from video streaming to richer, more interactive/immersive social networking and gaming experiences, should coax 3G customers to migrate to 4G. Furthermore, mobile device vendors are experiencing intense competitive pressure, which is expected to bring down LTE handset prices, estimated at 10 to 20 percent over the next two years.
“As evidenced by the Australian iPad 3 promotion fiasco, when iPad 3s were being promoted as being ‘LTE-ready,' even though the modem is unable to access the Australian LTE spectrum band, the number of LTE spectrum bands will hamper initial pricing and product roll-out,” comments Philip Solis, research director, mobile devices. “Nevertheless, in addition to 61 million 4G handsets being shipped in 2012, we estimate 26 million 4G non-handset products will be shipped. In the short-term, most of that will reflect customers purchasing USB dongles for legacy laptops and netbooks, followed by customer premise equipment, or home modem, purchases.”
ABI Research's “4G Subscriber, Device, and Networks Market Data” contains regional and selected country-level segmentation for the 4G market.
It is part of the firm's 4G Research Service.
Please see video appreciation! Link Included :)
My daughter's favorite movies are The Nightmare Before Christmas and Coraline. I partook in this exchange mainly for them (but I'm a huge fan too).  They are twelve and is also very artistic and crafty. They frequently hand makes felt plushies of their favorite video game and anime characters. But last night, they came looking for buttons to make eyes for Tim Burton inspired characters (she just finished watching both movies...again!) - which I didn't have, so I ended up cutting some off an old shirt!
Imagine today the coincidence when our Secret Santa sent us the most amazing HANDMADE CORALINE plushie pin AND an AWESOME JACK SKELLINGTON necklace cleverly made with BUTTONS!! Truly, the stars must have aligned!
As a fellow artist, my daughter noticed EVERY single detail; right down to Coraline's freckles and pink hair bow! Furthermore, they also make polymer clay figures! They immediately recognized the Jack Skellington figure was handcrafted from the same medium. Seriously Secret Santa! :D How serendipitous! To top off the grandeur of it all was the kick-ass card made with TWO buttons, clever and hilarious!
Secret Santa, you are the best! Thank you for the time you spent making these WONDERFUL gifts with "love in every stitch!" (Sponge Bob's Grandma reference) . They will be cherished! :)
IMAX and PRIMA Cinema announced a partnership today that will allow IMAX to use PRIMA Cinema transmittal technology to deliver high quality premium content to your home… that is if your home can afford one. IMAX plans on using PRIMA Cinema to transmit and store ultra high quality theatrical releases that can then be viewed using IMAX's Private Theater projection systems in 2D and 3D 1080p HD, though both companies have the technology to expand to ultra-high def (4K) cinema in the near future.
The deal will also give IMAX exclusivity to sell PRIMA's storage systems, biometric security device and high-end data delivery services in China for five years. In sealing the deal, IMAX acquired a significant stake in PRIMA and will maintain a seat on PRIMA's board-of-directors overseeing new developments and the company's future.
Unfortunately, it's doubtful most folks will be able to appreciate the benefits, since the average price tag for even a reasonable IMAX private screening room (with IMAX projection, sound, theater seating and interior design) is around $2 million bucks. But hey, for today's Hollywood moguls and one-percenters living in the rarefied air of extreme wealth, it's chump change, though IMAX has not sold too many private theaters since rolling out the concept in Spring of this year.
IMAX is considering the possibility of lower-cost systems that still offer the highest-quality for the less-than-filthy rich (the upper middle-class, y'all), and had indicated it was looking for a partner to help the company broaden its approach and reach out to a greater pool of customers. There's every indication that the deal with PRIMA gives IMAX the right partner it needs to develop the Private Theater concept further, while offering a chance to capture a bigger piece of the premium home theater pie.
The new Denver Mart Drive-In Theater in southwest Adams County will have its slightly delayed grand opening at 7:30 p.m. June 12, giving construction crews time to put the final touches on the 300,000-square-foot theater space in the pavilion parking lot.
“The rain and the weather that we have endured here in Denver lately was definitely a setback for our construction timeline,” said Misty Flachman, an event manager at the Denver Mart. “Our screen is up, our projection system is going through its fine-tuning stages, and there were just a few other details with our parking arrangement that we're finalizing.”
Once the pavement dries out, new parking lot stripes for the designated theater space will go down. There are about 130 fewer parking spots than originally projected at the beginning of this year. Because of that, Flachman said it will be very important for movie-goers to buy their tickets online before the shows.
“Unlike a lot of drive-in theaters that need to have hundreds or thousands of spots available, we only have 310 spots,” Flachman said. “We are going to try a reeducated the public to actually purchase their tickets online before the show. The last things we want is people showing up and we're already sold out and can't accommodate them.”
Just in case that happens, officials at the Denver Mart Drive-In are creating a patio space for about 100 lawn chair spectators right under the screen. Since the theater's audio will stream simulcast over FM radio, those patrons chancing it at the door (and parking their cars in elsewhere at the Denver Mart), will be given a boom box, or they can bring their own.
Tickets are $10 per person and are sold by the car. So, a two-person car is $20, a four-person car is $40. Children 6 years old and younger get in for free, and people catching the show on the patio will still pay $10 a person.
There are also no longer plans to serve liquor in the pavilion lounge.
In fact, the lounge won't be open during movie nights. Instead, guests can get their traditional concessions of soda, popcorn and candy through third-party vendor stands that will be housed on the northwest portion of the 28-acre Denver Mart Complex at 451 E. 58th Ave.
“There will be two concession stands that are going to both be alcohol-free,” Flachman said. “We're not going to serve any type of alcohol, and the space is also smoke-free. It's meant to be totally family friendly.”
Subway is partnering with the Denver Mart Drive-In, and their sandwiches will be available there every night. No outside food or drinks are allowed.
The drive-in is going to be open at 7:30 p.m., seven days a week, rain or shine, until Labor Day weekend. Each evening is a double feature, which is always included in the $10 ticket price.
While the double feature for June 12 has yet to be determined — but will be announced in the next few days — some movies slated to run this summer include: “San Andreas,” “Jurassic World” and “Tomorrowland.”
The Denver Mart Drive-In has a screen that runs parallel with Interstate 25, facing east, so that it's not visible to drivers on the highway. The approximately 40-foot-tall and 92-foot-wide steel and aluminum screen will tower 60 feet above the parking lot.
“We're using the highest grade Christie projector, which will probably give you four to five times the visual intensity that you get from 35 millimeter projectors that are out there,” John Doyle, CEO of the Denver Mart said in February. “And it's one of the largest screens out there.”
To access the drive-in, people travelling I-25 should exit east on 58th Avenue and take Washington Street north. There will be three entrances to the theater space on Washington, all marked with large banners and signs.
Megan Mitchell: 303-954-2650, mmitchell@denverpost.com or twitter.com/Mmitchelldp
Denver mart drive-in is hiring
Email jobs@denvermart.com for more information, or apply online
A giant asteroid will zip past Earth on Friday at the relatively close space distance of 3.6 million miles (5.8 million km) and it's not alone. Astronomers studying the asteroid on Thursday noticed that it is bringing along a passenger – its own moon.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (RIA Novosti) – A giant asteroid will zip past Earth on Friday at the relatively close space distance of 3.6 million miles (5.8 million km) and it's not alone. Astronomers studying the asteroid on Thursday noticed that it is bringing along a passenger – its own moon.
Telescopes around the world began picking up distant images of the approaching nearly two-mile-wide asteroid on Wednesday, and a day later observers soon realized that the space rock known as 1998 QE2 had another, much smaller rock – called a satellite – moving in an orbit around it.
“It was quite a bit of surprise… that is something we did not expect,” said NASA scientist Marina Brozovic, part of the observation team, during a teleconference Thursday from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.
“What you can see is the larger object that is the primary, and then this little bright speck of light. That is the satellite and the satellite are in its orbit around the primary, like the moon would go around the earth,” they said.
It's not all that rare for large asteroids to have company. About 16 percent of those hurtling through space near Earth have one or sometimes two moons.
The 1998 QE2 asteroid is roughly the length of nine cruise ships. It gets its name, not from Queen Elizabeth II of England, or the well-known ocean liner, but from a naming process that marks the year it was first located – 1998 – followed by an alphanumeric code that indicates the time of month the discovery took place.
“This is one of the big ones. It was discovered about 15 years ago, and it's one of the initial successes of our efforts to find the big asteroids that could hit the earth and cause global catastrophe,” said Paul Chodas, an astronomer with NASA, which is tracking the asteroid to study its size, shape, rotation and surface features in an effort to learn more about its origin and composition.
“It's about 15 times farther than the moon is from the earth so it's a very comfortable distance but for an asteroid this size, that's a close shave,” said Chodas.
“We could see a few background stars, like white specks of light which weren't moving, and then we actually saw this white star, what looked like a star, moving across the field very slowly, and we knew immediately that that was the asteroid because it was moving against the background of the stationery stars,” said astronomer Nicola Loaring, joining the teleconference from the South African Astronomical Observatory in Sutherland, South Africa.
The QE2 is small and faint, but under clear weather conditions with a powerful telescope, backyard astronomers in the southern part of the United States should be able to see it.
The giant asteroid's closest point to Earth will be Friday at 4:59 p.m. EDT (2059 GMT). Scientists estimate it will be at least another 200 years before it gets this close again.
Correction: The original version of this story published Thursday stated the approaching asteroid was two miles wide. NASA said in a statement that it "is believed to be about 1.7 miles" in size. This story has been modified to reflect that approximation.
Rep. Louie Gohmert Louis (Louie) Buller GohmertTrump met with group led by Ginni Thomas at White House: report House passes bill expressing support for NATO The Memo: Trump veers between hard-liner, dealmaker on shutdown MORE (R-Texas) says President Obama's treatment of Israel is the latest example of their administration's failures.
“They're exactly wrong on everything,” they said of the Obama administration on Fox Business Network Thursday. "They're doing what might be called gaslighting.”
“Oh, you think Israel is our friend? No, they're our enemy. Oh, you think we should worry about Iran? We're going to give them money, we're going to help them.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“Whatever they do, they try to get you to think you're crazy [and] the opposite is true. This administration has been the opposite of right on every issue.”
Gohmert derided Secretary of State John Kerry John Forbes KerryOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration 58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration Ex-national security officials to issue statement slamming Trump's emergency declaration: WaPo MORE's criticism Wednesday of Israeli settlement building.
“Turning on Israel at this point, unfortunately, is just icing on a very explosive cake,” said Gohmert.
“Who would have dreamed that this quickly — less than 75 years after the end of World War II — that we would be moving in the same direction of going after the Jews and playing this scenario? Thank God Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's coming in. We don't have to go there.”
Gohmert accused Obama of having ulterior motives for the U.S. abstaining from last week's controversial United Nations Security Council vote on Israeli settlements.
“We need to stop this guy from going the next step and trying to create World War III as he's going out,” they said of Obama.
"I know he's the only president we've ever had who thinks it would be a promotion to be U.N. secretary general. [Obama] wants to go in as U.N. secretary general and put out the fire that they started.”
The Security Council approved a resolution on Dec. 23 demanding Israel stop building settlements in occupied territories disputed by the Palestinians.
The U.S. could have vetoed the controversial measure but abstained, breaking from its longstanding tradition of shielding Israel from U.N. reproaches.
Kerry on Wednesday said Israel must learn “hard truths” about its settlement activities, adding that they are an obstacle to peace with the Palestinians.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected Kerry's remarks as skewed and called them a “great disappointment.”
I've had my doubts about the FBI's facial recognition systems, but a new case has given a rare window into how the system will actually work — and it looks a lot less like science fiction than old-fashioned border control.
The story starts with a fugitive, Neil Stammer, who had been on the run since they were arrested for child sex abuse and kidnapping in 1999. According to police reports, Stammer speaks nearly a dozen languages, so when they fled the country using false papers, it left law enforcement with few clues as to where they might be. The case languished for 14 years until this January, when a new facial recognition system found a face that matched Stammer's. The Diplomatic Security Service had their face on file under the name Kevin Hodges, thanks to a recent visa application to the US Embassy in Nepal. The DSS contacted the FBI, and a few months later Stammer was in custody.
A visa application in Nepal tipped them off
It's a simple story, but it gives a sense of how the FBI is actually using facial recognition. As it turns out, it's less complicated than you might think. In Stammer's case, both of the photos were passport-style photos taken from close range, with the subject directly facing the cameras. That's the strike zone for modern facial recognition, so it's not surprising FBI technology was able to match the faces.
As a result, it's easy to overstate the importance of facial recognition to a case like this. The current tech can't search through crowds in a Boston Bombing scenario, and it's not clear it ever will be. Even systems like the one in Chicago end up blocked by bad angles and inconsistent lighting. If Stammer had grown a mustache or had plastic surgery, it's plausible that they could have slipped through the system entirely. The converse is also true: If the embassy staff in Nepal had been more diligent, they might have recognized Stammer without any tech at all. But the simple "Wanted" poster has always been a powerful tool — and in the age of computerized pattern matching, it may be more powerful than ever before.
SEATTLE -- Soak it up, Seattle.
Wallow in it, Washington.
Roll around in it and talk about it and love every minute of it, because ...
Because it wasn't always like this. There didn't use to be parades and primetime games. There weren't always people camped out waiting for tickets and kids by the thousands wearing blue and green jerseys to school.
That cocky swagger that the 12th Man is sporting these days is a gloriously, intoxicatingly new thing. The road to greatness for the Seahawks franchise is strewn with lost seasons, empty seats and broken Bozworth's.
For many years, Seattle saw itself as a beautiful secret, a little emerald mood ring tucked away in the corner of the National Football League. It HOPED for a championship one day. It really did. But deep down in places we didn't talk about at parties, in the black pit of the city's psyche, did anybody really BELIEVE it would happen?
That belief would ultimately be earned the hard way ... but not before a beleaguered fan base had disappointment burned into their souls like a regrettable tattoo.
The '80s were fun. The Seahawks played in the '83 AFC Championship game. They had Steve Largent and Dave Krieg and Curt Warner. The league had to make a noise rule that year because Seahawk fans were so loud.
But the '90s came along and it was one long stretch of bad road.
Let's go back in time to 1992. The Kingdome, ugly and bleak was still standing. And that was the GOOD news. Stan Gelbaugh was the quarterback. So was Kelly Stouffer. So was Dan McGwire. The thought of that 3-headed monster trotting onto the field brings shivers still.
The Seahawks allowed 172 more points than they scored. They were 2-14. You can look at it this way: they were as BAD as as they are GOOD now. So they got the 2nd pick in the NFL draft. Hot damn! They were gonna get somebody great and make everybody forget that they chose The Boz in '87.
The Patriots took Drew Bledsoe with the first pick. So, the Seahawks took ... Rick Mirer. Oh, the humanity.
For those of you who are under 30, or who just rolled into town a few years ago to work for Amazon, all of this may sound like ancient history. And in a way, it is. But for those of us who were there, either in the stands, or watching from the press box, it was a bleak time that just wouldn't end.
CenturyLink Field didn't exist. Pete Carroll was kicking around the league, with the Jets and the 49ers. Russell Wilson was a 5-year old kid in Virginia. One day, moving trucks pulled up to the Hawks headquarters to steal the team away to California.
Legion of Boom? More like Region of Gloom.
One of the only bright spots was Hall of Famer Cortez Kennedy. We'd talk to them after games, and you could see the yearning in their eyes. "Man," they said one time, "I just want to get to the playoffs! One time! I want to know what it feels like."
Eventually it happened for him. One time.
They did get better. And that was a part of the problem. For two straight seasons, they were 6-10. And those seasons were followed by sheer, mind-numbing mediocrity. They were 8-8 in '95. 7-9 in '96. Then 8-8 again in '97. And AGAIN in '98.
They weren't terrible enough to get high draft picks. They weren't good enough to make the playoffs. The Seahawks were stuck in a savage swirling cycle of so-so-ness. The only thing they were great at was being mediocre.
And it's almost hard to believe now, but they couldn't sell enough tickets to fill the Kingdome. Before every home game the question wasn't "Will the Hawks win?" It was, "Will the Hawks be blacked out?" The front office, on a regular basis, would buy hundreds, even thousands of tickets themselves, just so they could call it a sellout and get the game on TV.
Imagine the conversations in the Kirkland offices, with legendary Vice President Gary Wright holding court: "We need to build the fan base by having people watch our product. But they can't watch our product because the game's not sold out. And it's not sold out because they can't watch our product!"
So why dredge up all these dark memories now? Simple. Because to truly enjoy and understand what is happening now, a little perspective is a good thing. The first real dent in our collective inferiority complex came when Mike Holmgren left the Packers late in the 90's to sign an 8-year deal with Seattle.
Seahawk fans were partying like it was 1999. Because it was. Mike made their players believe, and then the rest of us too. They guided the Hawks to a Super Bowl, and when the guys in stripes all but handed the trophy to the Pittsburgh Steelers on a bone-chilling night in Detroit, it almost felt like that was the way it would always be: the sporting gods would always favor somebody else. This was, after all, Seattle, but man we had a good ride didn't we?
Maybe that's why Seahawk fans are so utterly and completely head over heels in love with the current incarnation of the Seattle Seahawks. Maybe that explains the childlike wonder that has swept over our region like a blue-hot fever. A bunch of castoffs and free agents and leftovers, led by an undersized quarterback, a loudmouth cornerback, a monosyllabic running back and a gum chomping 63-year old kid of a coach have demanded that we understand one thing: It's not fate. It's not written in the stars. There ARE no football gods. It can happen to us. Heck, it DID happen to us!
And you know what? There's a darned good chance it will happen to us again. How good does that feel?
Think about love. Think about Santa. There is no believing like first time believing.
So, soak it up, Seattle.
Wallow in it, Washington.
Roll around in it and talk about it and love every minute of it, because ... it wasn't always like this.
A Voice for Men Radio debuted on March 1, 2011 with Paul Elam sitting alone at the microphone. Two and a half years and well over a half-million downloads later, AVFM Radio is still going strong and has great promise for the future.
James Huff has recently taken over radio operations with the intent to further widen our audience and to improve the quality of what we do. We are changing in the days ahead, as is the scope of the Men's Human Rights Movement. We are entering exciting times.
Paul Elam will once again be flying solo for a special radio program this Monday, August 19 at 8:00 pm Central Time, where they will be discussing the past, present and future of the men's movement as well as aspects of their personal journey from writing a standalone blog to holding the (rudder) of the most visible men's rights entity in our age.
You will hear their personal story of becoming an MHRA, to the early days with Men's News Daily — to the growth of AVFM, with the participation of many, into a compelling force that is changing the dialogue on gender politics right in front of our eyes.
Paul will be discussing their upcoming appearance on ABC News 20/20, the documentary that is being made about AVFM and the MHRM and the plan for growth into the future. They will also update you on the efforts with NCFM to foster men's issues groups in institutions of higher learning.
Lastly, Paul will be presenting a detailed explanation of all of AVFMs strategies and techniques for stimulating public discourse on men's issues and why they are necessary. And they will be taking your calls to discuss how you can help and to offer your own ideas.
When: Monday, August 19 at 8:00 pm Central Time.
The call in number is 310-388-9709
VISIT SHOW PAGE HERE.
Fine Gael leadership hopeful Leo Varadkar is expected to propose a move away from their party's signature policy of abolishing the Universal Social Charge (USC) as part of their pitch to succeed Taoiseach Enda Kenny.
It is understood the Minister for Social Protection will emphasise the need to reform income tax instead, in particular the need to raise the threshold at which people enter the higher rate of income tax, The Irish Times has learned.
For a single person, the higher rate of income tax of 40 per cent kicks in at €33,800.
Mr Varadkar is expected to outline their plans this weekend.
The news follows a number of weeks in which their main rival in the contest to succeed Mr Kenny, Minister for Housing Simon Coveney, has been gaining momentum.
Mr Varadkar had previously been seen as the frontrunner by a considerable distance. However, the leadership race is now believed to be extremely tight.
Bookmakers have also slashed their odds on a Coveney victory.
It is understood Mr Varadkar will propose that the USC be merged with PRSI to create a more contributory system for State benefits.
It is understood the USC could still be reduced as part of this new system.
With Mr Coveney's bid expected to focus on social policy, supporters of Mr Varadkar hope they can mark out their candidacy through centre-right economic and taxation positions.
Election pledge
One of Fine Gael's key policy planks in the last general election was a promise to phase out the USC, the charge on income introduced in 2011.
The election pledge was criticised as unaffordable, even though the party argued that abolition of the USC over a number of years could be achieved if economic growth continued.
The programme for Government pledges that at least two-thirds of any extra resources available in the annual budget should go on additional spending, with at most one-third devoted to tax cuts.
The policy positions outlined by Fine Gael leadership candidates in the coming weeks are more likely to feed into the party's next election manifesto than current Government policy.
The Government's taxation policy is restricted at present because of the confidence and supply agreement between Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny this week indicated that they will stand down after the European Council summit on April 29th, which will consider the EU's Brexit negotiating guidelines.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
After a writing process unprecedented in secrecy and speed, Republican leaders in the Senate have released a draft of a bill intended to repeal Obamacare. In short, the bill doesn't do that: It just makes Obamacare worse. And while the basic structure of Obamacare survives—albeit in withered form—the Senate bill radically reshapes the traditional Medicaid program, which covers 59 million Americans. Ad Policy
The Senate's “Better Care Reconciliation Act” follows the regressive contours of the House bill: It's a tax cut for the rich paid for by gouging coverage for the poor and the elderly. One of the most significant tax cuts is on investment income earned by people making more than $200,000 a year. That giveaway—which, tellingly, was omitted from the summary of the bill—is made more egregious by the fact that it's retroactive (with an effective date of December 2016), a detail that serves no purpose other than funneling extra cash to wealthy investors. Pharmaceutical companies, insurers, and other corporations also benefit from tax cuts in the bill. (By the way, the 13 men responsible for writing it received an average of $214,000 in campaign contributions from insurance and pharmaceutical companies between 2010 and November of last year.)
To pay for those tax cuts, the bill cuts deeply into Medicaid. Senate Republicans have tried to give the appearance of having “more heart” (to use President Trump's phrase) than their colleagues in the House. So instead of cutting off federal money for the expansion all at once, as the House bill did, the Senate version gradually cuts off the money over several years. But that “glide path” is meaningless in eight states—Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Montana, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Washington—where automatic triggers will end the expansion immediately if federal funding declines. The Senate's phaseout is actually crueler than the House bill, because it affects people who are currently enrolled in the expansion, not just those who would become eligible in the future.
More significantly, the Senate bill makes truly drastic changes to the entire Medicaid program, which helps not only low-income Americans but also the disabled and elderly people living in nursing homes. As currently structured, the federal government pays a share of a state's Medicaid load, with no caps. The Senate bill would upend that structure and impose per-capita limits on the federal contribution. That would cut federal spending on the program by about 25 percent, which health-care experts believe would force states to cover millions fewer people. The Senate bill would also tie Medicaid spending to inflation, which generally increases at a slower rate than health-care spending. Ultimately, the cut to Medicaid could be more than $800 billion.
It's hard to overstate how radical these changes to Medicaid are, both practically and politically. Although gutting Medicaid has long been a pipe dream for Paul Ryan, it's not something most Republicans campaigned on. In fact, Trump promised while campaigning that they would not cut Medicaid if elected. The GOP has no mandate for so deeply altering the 52-year-old program, and it's not something the party has tried to justify to the public. Instead, Republicans pretend it's not happening. “Medicaid is not being cut from our perspective,” South Carolina Senator Tim Scott told reporters as they left a meeting on Thursday morning. Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
Republicans could make a more plausible argument that they have a mandate to repeal Obamacare, but again, their bill doesn't even do that (thought it does repeal the individual mandate)—it just exacerbates the things people already don't like about the individual exchanges. Like Obamacare, the Senate bill provides income-based subsidies in the form of tax credits, and recalculates them in a way that may help low-income people. But the bill shrinks the subsidies overall, and particularly for the elderly. It also sets up a new waiver process to allow states to scrap requirements that plans cover certain essential health benefits—meaning lots of people would end up paying more for skimpier coverage and higher deductibles.
A small handful of Republican Senators are reportedly preparing to announce their opposition to the bill later today. The GOP can afford only two defections. But the text released Thursday is only a discussion draft; party leaders will no doubt tinker and fiddle with the language in order to give the appearance of adding even “more heart.” The baseline for comparison, however, shouldn't be this Senate draft, or the bill that passed the House. The question is whether the GOP legislation improves on Obamacare and current coverage. It doesn't come close—unless, of course, you happen to believe that we provide too much help to the poor and elderly, and not enough tax cuts to the wealthy.
We have a lot of fun with Cooley Law around here. Oops. Sorry, Western Michigan University Law School. You know a school is on the upswing when it rebrands itself in the middle of the night.
Anyway, we've also talked about Cooley's sports connection before, including Thomas M. Cooley Law School Stadium, which I suppose will become Western Michigan Stadium even though Western Michigan doesn't play there. Or something.
It turns out Cooley Law also does a great job training people for their future careers. As long as that future career is an NHL coach instead of a lawyer….
Yesterday, Grantland published a profile of Jon Cooper, the new head coach of the Tampa Bay Lightning, one of those warm weather hockey teams that everyone forgets about. This is really interesting to me because I'm actually a hockey fan. Indeed, I'm the only hockey fan on the ATL staff.[1]
In the piece, we learn an important nugget about coach Cooper:
Spoken like a true attorney — which was, just a decade ago, Cooper's full-time profession, but which these days seem like an increasingly distant past life. Once a public defender in Lansing, Michigan, who snagged some pickup ice time with colleagues here and there, the Tampa Bay Lightning's coach has worked their way up through the hockey ranks to become one of the NHL's more intriguing recent hires.
So that's why he's willing to take on a down-on-its-luck franchise without much public support.
The article also notes that they went to law school “in Lansing.” Oh my God, even as a hockey coach, far removed from the law, he's ashamed to come out and say “Thomas M. Cooley Law School” to a national publication. At least their bio comes clean.
In any event, Cooper worked as a public defender “for misdemeanors and lower-level crimes” in Lansing, which they must have done for about a hot second before saying “screw this,” and deciding that committing to a career that involves telling people to repeatedly slam their heads into a wall was still better than being an attorney.
Actually that sounds a lot like a Biglaw partnership gig.
But putting aside the snark for a second, Cooper's career arc is really incredible. Immediately after leaving law school they always kept one skate in hockey:
They ran the school's club hockey team and — after they graduated and passed the bar — played on a local team of lawyers that called itself the Legal Eagles. So I've been practicing [law] about a year and a half,” Cooper said of the conversation that would change the course of their life. “And then a judge asks me to work for a kids' team.” It was 1999, the judge was the Honorable Thomas E. Brennan Jr., and the team was the struggling Lansing Catholic Central High School squad for which Brennan's son played goalie. Cooper agreed to give it a shot, and by the end of the season, the team was the regional champion for the first time in a quarter-century and Cooper was the Lansing State Journal's coach of the year. It was all very Gordon Bombay, except without the whole getting-arrested thing. “Let's see, I coached a year of high school,” Cooper said, ticking off their work experience on their fingers. “Then a year of Junior B… I coached four different teams in four years, all while practicing law in two different cities.”
That judge, Thomas E. Brennan, Jr., you might recognize as the son of the founder of Cooley Law School. Like Ducks, the Cooley mafia flies together.
Cooper said they were working 80 hours a week as a lawyer and coaching 10-20 hours on the side. But at least they were picking up clients networking around Michigan as the team traveled. As a networking strategy, that's at least better than sitting on a bar association subcommittee. Eventually, the paid gig came up and Cooper decided to make the full-time leap, and worked their way up the coaching ranks from there like a Reggie Dunlop wannabe.[2]
There are remarkably few NHL coaches who never played in the NHL, only three including Cooper, but what really is there to learn playing for the Red Wings that you can't pick up from the Legal Eagles. Seriously though, congratulations to Cooper for escaping from the law to realize their dream. And their ‘Ning are 2-1 (all on the road mind you!) to start the season, so he's doing a great job so far.
So buck up Cooley grads: it looks like your odds of becoming an NHL head coach are about as good as your odds of becoming a Biglaw associate!
[1] Surprise, surprise! I'm the only white male on the ATL staff.
[2] Please tell me someone got that reference. It's one of my favorite movies.
The Outsider [Grantland]
Earlier: Cooley Law School Stadium: The House That Broken Dreams Built
There were countless rules of social manners and etiquette during the Victorian Era , though they now may seem a bit old-fashioned.
To guide the uninitiated, Thomas E. Hill compiled a list of dos and don'ts in their Manual of Social and Business Forms, first published in 1875. Here are some of our favorite practices of social etiquette from the Victorian Era. (Note: Requires a sense of humor!)
Kissing: “Upon the meeting of intimate friends, among ladies, at the private house, the kiss as a mode of salutation is yet common; but this is a custom which ought to be abolished for physiological and other reasons.”
Skin: “Beware of exterior applications of cosmetics. Instead, once every two or three months, take a teaspoonful of powdered charcoal mixed with sweetened water or milk. This will prove efficacious in making the complexion clear and transparent.”
Hair: “The head should be washed occasionally with soap and water. When the hair is inclined to be harsh and dry, a moderate application of bear's grease or other dressing should be used.”
Bathing: “Upon arising, take a complete bath. A simple washing out of the eyes is not sufficient. The complete bathing of the body once each day is of the utmost importance. Not more than a quart of water is necessary, preferably rainwater.”
Bowing: “A gentleman should not bow from a window to a lady on the street, though they may bow slightly from the street upon being recognized by a lady in a window. Such recognition should, however, generally be avoided, as gossip is likely to attach undue importance to it when seen by others.”
Dignity: “To greet someone by saying ‘Hello, old fellow' indicates ill-breeding. If you are approached in this vulgar manner, it is better to give a civil reply and address the person respectfully, in which case they are quite likely to be ashamed of their own conduct.”
Small talk: “No topic of absorbing interest may be admitted to polite conversation. It might lead to discussion.”
Conduct to avoid at the ball: “No gentleman should enter the ladies' dressing room at a ball.”
Card-playing: “If possible, do not violate the rules of the game and do not cheat. Should you observe anyone cheating, quietly and very politely call it to their attention, and be careful that you do not get excited. People who experience ill-feeling at the game should avoid playing.”
Marriage: “Anyone with bright red hair and a florid complexion should marry someone with jet-black hair. The very corpulent should marry the thin and spare, and the body, wiry, cold-blooded should marry the round-featured, warmhearted, emotional type.”
Husbands: “Always leave home with a tender goodbye and loving words. They may be the last.”
Train travel: “People with weak eyes should avoid reading on trains, and those with weak lungs should avoid talking.”
SAN JOSE, Calif. – The San Jose Earthquakes announced today that the club has acquired El Salvador National Team captain Darwin Ceren (sair-REN) and salary budget space to sign a season-ending injury replacement from Orlando City SC in exchange for Matias Perez Garcia and an international roster slot through the end of the 2016 season.
“I want to thank Matias for their service here. They were a model professional, who gave everything for the team and we wish them well in Orlando,” said Earthquakes head coach Dominic Kinnear. “We think Darwin is a good young player who is going to add bite to our midfield. Every time I saw them play for Orlando, I thought they would be a good fit for us and I'm glad we have had the opportunity to bring them here.”
Ceren, 26, made 42 regular season appearances (39 starts) with Orlando City SC since the club's inaugural season in MLS last year. During the past season and a half with the Lions, they have tallied two goals, one game-winning goal and four assists. At the conclusion of the 2015 season, in which they ranked fifth in the league in passes per game and 11th in both passing completion percentage and average tackles per game, Ceren received the 2015 FutbolMLS.com's Latino del Año Award as the best Latino player in MLS. Other players nominated for the honor included Kaka, Fabian Castillo, Diego Valeri, David Villa and Giovani dos Santos. They also earned the 2015 Orlando City Players' Player of the Year Award.
“We're looking forward to having Darwin join the team,” said Earthquakes general manager John Doyle. “He is a young, versatile center midfielder that will make the team better.”
Ceren originally signed with Orlando City SC in February of 2014 when the club was a part of the United Soccer League. In their lone season in USL, Ceren recorded two goals and an assist in 15 matches.
Prior to signing with Orlando, Ceren helped Salvadorian club Juventud Independiente earn promotion to the country's first division. They made 83 appearances for the club and scored 15 goals from 2009 to 2014.
Internationally, Ceren has earned 34 caps for the El Salvador National Team since May of 2013, scoring two goals. They have served as their side's captain on numerous occasions and played in all three of El Salvador's games at the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Transaction: San Jose Earthquakes (MLS) – San Jose Earthquakes acquire M Darwin Ceren and salary budget space to sign a season-ending injury replacement from Orlando City SC in exchange for Matias Perez Garcia and an international roster slot through the end of the 2016 season.
Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin give us the tools to create all sorts of new financial relationships. They make it possible for individuals to be their own bank, and make it easier for companies to provide bank-like services. With multi-sig and n-lock transactions (both explained herein), even more arrangements emerge: divided custody of funds, delayed custody, custody contingent on the revelation of a secret or the solution to a puzzle. With these complexities in mind, when does a company actually have control of their customer's bitcoins? When, alternatively, is a company merely providing a non-custodial service like software design, back-up key recovery, or escrow? To outline this question and help provide some answers, we've prepared the following plain English slide deck that explains:
How cryptocurrency transactions work, What types of wallets are available, and When wallet providers actually have control of a user's coins.
Starting tomorrow, 30 witnesses and legal experts from five different continents will testify before five international judges at the three-day Monsanto Tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands. Their testimonies will attempt to hold the agrochemical giant accountable for their alleged "crimes against humanity" and destruction of the environment, or "ecocide."
Monsanto Tribunal organizers have called Monsanto's Roundup "the source of the greatest health and environmental scandal in modern history." Monsanto Tribunal Facebook
This symbolic trial, which will be live streamed from Oct. 15, 8:30 a.m. GMT+2 on the tribunal website, will follow guidelines of the United Nations's international court of justice and will have no legal standing. Rather, its purpose is to gather legal counsel from the judges as well as legal grounds for future litigation.
"The aim of the tribunal is to give a legal opinion on the environmental and health damage caused by the multinational Monsanto," the tribunal organizers state on their website. "This will add to the international debate to include the crime of Ecocide into international criminal law. It will also give people all over the world a well documented legal file to be used in lawsuits against Monsanto and similar chemical companies."
Monsanto, which is inching closer to a $66 billion takeover from German pharmaceuticals giant Bayer, has faced a never-ending slew of health and environmental controversies over its products since, well, the beginning of the twentieth century.
Monsanto's historical line-up of products includes banned and highly toxic chemicals such as 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (a dioxin-containing component of the defoliant Agent Orange); PCBs (polychlorinated biphenyl); and Lasso, a herbicide banned in Europe. Glyphosate, the controversial main ingredient in Monsanto's best-selling weedkiller RoundUp, is the most widely used pesticide in the world. Monsanto is also the world's largest genetically modified (GMO) seed maker, giving them a major hand over the world food supply.
The trial, which will proceed on the same weekend as World Food Day, is organized by Organic Consumers Association, International Foundation for Organic Agriculture (IFOAM) Organics International, Navdanya, Regeneration International, Millions Against Monsanto as well as dozens of global food, farming and environmental justice groups.
Tribunal organizer Vandana Shiva is an outspoken critic of Monsanto. "Monsanto has come to be seen as one of the most dangerous corporations on the planet," the physicist, author, activist and founder of Navdanya said in a statement.
"It has earned this reputation through a history of producing products toxic to humans and the environment, as well as well-documented manipulation of scientific evidence, disingenuous PR efforts and applying relentless political pressure worldwide to promote its products. Life, society and democracy are under threat. We refuse to allow this future to unfold."
Andre Leu, president of IFOAM, said, "Monsanto is able to ignore the human and environmental damage caused by its products, and maintain its devastating activities through a strategy of systemic concealment: by lobbying regulatory agencies and governments, by resorting to lying and corruption, by financing fraudulent scientific studies, by pressuring independent scientists, and by manipulating the press and media. Monsanto's history reads like a text-book case of impunity, benefiting transnational corporations and their executives, whose activities contribute to climate and biosphere crises and threaten the safety of the planet."
Monsanto will not be present at the trial, calling it a "staged" event organized by the organic food industry "where the outcome is pre-determined."
"As this is a stunt staged and supported by the International Foundation for Organic Agriculture (IFOAM)—an umbrella organization of organic agriculture organizations, and their associates such as Navdanya and others who are fundamentally opposed to modern agriculture—we will not participate," states an open letter signed by the company's Human Rights Steering Committee.
"To address these ever increasing challenges collaboratively and advance our commitment to human rights, we welcome a genuine constructive conversation with diverse ideas and perspectives about food and agriculture production," the letter also states. "These conversations are much needed to help find sustainable solutions to those challenges."
Tribunal organizers have responded to Monsanto's allegations of a mock court. "Other similar tribunals have found both for and against corporations," Damien Short, director of the Human Rights Consortium at London University, told The Guardian. "This is a test of international law. It has moral force and the tribunal's decision will be evidence-based. Peoples' tribunals are testing the law."
"Under existing [international] law, it is impossible to bring criminal charges against a company like Monsanto or its management, for possible crimes against human health and the integrity of the environment," Lucy Rees, speaking on behalf of End Ecocide on Earth, also told the publication.
Greenpeace has been a vocal supporter of the tribunal. "The industrial scale of agriculture today has broken our food system," the environmental group said. "Giant agri-businesses fail to take into account the health of the environment and the communities who depend on it. Monoculture and dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides are taking its toll on the planet, animals and us."
According to a tribunal newsletter, witnesses and experts who will be present at the trial includes health experts, "victims" and representatives from communities affected by the spraying of pesticides in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, France, India, Sri Lanka and Paraguay; farmers and seed savers from Australia, Bangladesh, Burkina Faso, Canada, France; beekeepers from Yucatan, Mexico; and scientists from Brazil, Germany, France, the UK and the U.S. Former UN special rapporteur on the right to food Olivier De Schutter will also testify.
Fort Meade, MD. – Following Trump senior counselor Kellyanne Conway's speculation that Trump was wiretapped with a microwave, the US National Security Agency unveiled a new line of home appliances for ‘totally unrelated reasons.'
“We here at the NSA are proud to showcase our latest innovations for the American home,” said NSA director Richard Ledgett. “From dishwashers to vacuums, we've got a ton of new affordable appliances you should definitely put into every room of your home as soon as possible.”
The NSA line of appliances received rave reviews from early-access bloggers despite initial criticism that items were ‘unusually bulky' and made ‘strange high-pitched noises.'
“I would like to state, out of my own free will, and under no direct threat, that my NSA washing machine is an incredible home appliance,” writes blogger Anthony Bang. “I will keep one in my laundry room, one in my bedroom, and one in my guest bedroom too. You should definitely do the same if you love clean clothes and America as much as I do.”
Reports confirm that the appliance rollout is the biggest since the NSA's failed line of cellphones, laptops, and vibrators.
- The City of Detroit is displaying its support for the gay community during the month of June, which is LGBT Pride Month.
Detroit Police Chief James Craig and the department's LGBT liason officer were on hand to raise the flag in Hart Plaza for the first time ever on Tuesday.
The Motor City Pride Festival will happen this weekend, June 10-11. Every year it draws more than 30,000 people to celebrate the community and encourage unity.
"In Detroit, we work hand-in-hand with our community, always reaching out to let the community know we're here for them and that they have an ear and a shoulder. Their concerns, and any crimes against them will be taken seriously and will be prosecuted to the highest degree," says Officer Dani Woods with the Detroit Police Department.
The city says the flag raising is part of the city's efforts to support an inclusive, welcoming city for all.
LGBT Pride Month is celebrated in June to honor the 1969 Stonewall riots in Manhattan, which became a tipping point for liberation in the gay community.
For more information on the Motor City Pride Festival, visit www.motorcitypride.org.
Coming Soon
Locke & Key
After their father's gruesome murder, three siblings move into a house with magical keys that grant them powers. Adapted from the comics by Joe Hill.
Yankee
A young man from Texas crosses the border into Mexico and becomes an infamous drug lord.
Gentefied
Three Latinx cousins navigate their differences as they work to keep their grandfather's taco shop afloat in their rapidly gentrifying L.A. neighborhood.
Amy Schumer Growing
Amy Schumer talks marriage, pregnancy, politics and more in a new stand-up special filmed at the Chicago Theatre.
Immortals
Driven by revenge, human-turned-vampire Mia sets out to vanquish Dmitry, a ruthless vampire leader who seeks an artifact that grants immortality.
Christmas in the Wild
After their husband leaves her, a stylish New Yorker goes on an African safari alone and finds new purpose in their life. Kristin Davis and Rob Lowe star.
Osmosis
In Paris of the near future, a dating app matches singles with their soul mates by mining their brain data. But decoding true love comes at a price.
Messiah
When a man in the Middle East appears to be performing miracles, a rift breaks out over whether he's the Messiah or a fraud in this suspenseful drama.
Beastkin Berserker Source Heroes of the Darklands pg. 21
While some barbarians take on bestial aspects in their rages, the beastkin berserker descends so deeply into primal fury that they actually transform into an animal. Berserkers of the surface world often associate with predators such as bears or wolves, and are sometimes mistaken for lycanthropes. The barbarians in Deep Tolguth shapechange into rampaging dinosaurs or megafauna, crafting their armor out of the hide and bones of their favored animals.
Savage Rapport (Ex): At 1st level, a beastkin berserker gains a spiritual connection to a specific kind of creature with the animal type (such as a badger or a triceratops). They add half their level (minimum 1) on Handle Animal, Intimidate, and Sense Motive checks involving the chosen type of animal.
At 5th level and every 5 levels thereafter (10th, 15th, and 20th levels), the beastkin berserker can select an additional kind of animal to which these bonuses apply.
This ability replaces fast movement.
Feral Transformation (Su): At 4th level, when entering a rage, a beastkin berserker can take the form of a Small or Medium animal. This functions as
At 8th level, the beastkin berserker can use feral transformation to take the form of a Large or Tiny animal that they have chosen with their savage rapport. Feral transformation now acts as
At 12th level, a beastkin berserker is able to use feral transformation to take the form of a Huge or Diminutive animal that they have chosen with their savage rapport. Feral transformation now functions as
This ability replaces the rage powers gained at 4th, 8th, and 12th levels. While some barbarians take on bestial aspects in their rages, the beastkin berserker descends so deeply into primal fury that they actually transform into an animal. Berserkers of the surface world often associate with predators such as bears or wolves, and are sometimes mistaken for lycanthropes. The barbarians in Deep Tolguth shapechange into rampaging dinosaurs or megafauna, crafting their armor out of the hide and bones of their favored animals.: At 1st level, a beastkin berserker gains a spiritual connection to a specific kind of creature with the animal type (such as a badger or a triceratops). They add half their level (minimum 1) on Handle Animal, Intimidate, and Sense Motive checks involving the chosen type of animal.At 5th level and every 5 levels thereafter (10th, 15th, and 20th levels), the beastkin berserker can select an additional kind of animal to which these bonuses apply.This ability replaces fast movement.: At 4th level, when entering a rage, a beastkin berserker can take the form of a Small or Medium animal. This functions as beast shape I , except the duration is for as long as the beastkin berserker rages and the animal must be one they have chosen with their savage rapport.At 8th level, the beastkin berserker can use feral transformation to take the form of a Large or Tiny animal that they have chosen with their savage rapport. Feral transformation now acts as beast shape II At 12th level, a beastkin berserker is able to use feral transformation to take the form of a Huge or Diminutive animal that they have chosen with their savage rapport. Feral transformation now functions as beast shape III This ability replaces the rage powers gained at 4th, 8th, and 12th levels.
Last spring, Lark Voorhies appeared on Yahoo!'s series “The Yo Show” (watch the episode below) to reminisce about their days on the '90s Saturday-morning sitcom “Saved By the Bell.” They looked drastically different from how we remembered little Lisa Turtle – their hair was dyed red and they had on heavy makeup – starting rumors of all sorts. Sparked by that appearance, People magazine conducted a series of interviews with the actor, and in their new issue they report on Lark's “sad spiral,” which the actor' mother attributes to mental illness.
People reports that during a recent photo shoot with the 38-year-old actor, their “once-sparkling brown eyes” were “disturbingly vacant.” Lark kept a “near-constant dialogue – by turns mournful, frenetic, and angry – with unseen figures,” and struggled “to focus for even brief moments.” Although Lark denied to the magazine that they suffer from mental illness – the devout Jehovah's Witness answered the question by saying, “Oh no. We're alive in a major time of all-in-all prophecy” – their mother, who lives with them and was also interviewed for the story, said the former child star has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, for which they have been prescribed medication.
[Related: 'Saved by the Bell's' Mr. Belding now a pro wrestler]
“I care deeply about my daughter and I want them to resume their life,” their mother, Tricia, told People. However, they noted that finding the right treatment – and getting Lark's cooperation in following through with it – has been “frustrating.”
View photos
While Lark themselves didn't admit to mental illness, the actor – who had to schedule a second interview with the magazine after struggling through the first one – told People they have been in a constant battle with herself. “We met at a very powerful moment – it's like carrying on the interview in a hurricane,” they said. They tried to explain away their abrupt, extended silences during the conversation by saying, “You caught me in moments of prayer. I have a strong spiritual sense.” They also talked about the voices in their head, but the magazine noted that they were “defiant about getting psychiatric help.” Explaining their reasoning, Lark said, “They can't explain it. They can't treat it. They don't know about it.”
[Related: We Chat With Mark-Paul Gosselaar about 'Saved by the Bell']
Tricia told People that their daughter's mental health issues stem from various traumatic incidents in their life, but they wouldn't elaborate. “I don't want to go there,” they said. They did say that Lark's stalled career after “Saved by the Bell” ended in 1993 caused “a lot of stress,” and their divorce from Miguel Coleman in 2001 “caused a kind of break. … The trauma was back.” These days, Lark resides with their mother; drives, but only close to home; and has few friends. Tricia says she's not giving up hope that their daughter will pull through, noting, "She's trying so hard. They say she's delayed, but she's going to get there."
Watch Lark's appearance on Yahoo!'s "The Yo Show" here:
Happy Mother's Day everyone. This is my bizarre tribute to mothers everywhere. For those of you who don't know, this is part of a weekly photo prompt, where the challenge is to write a 200-word story based on a picture. Skip down below the picture for the story.
For my regular readers, I'm sure you've noticed I haven't been posting much lately. I have been working hard to finish a manuscript of a novel so that's taken most of my time. I just finished today, so I should be posting more from now on.
The Best Mother's Day Ever
“Happy Mother's Day, honey. I got you something really special!”
“What is it?” Debbie asked, taking the box from their husband Robert's hands and opening it.
“It's a gun,” they said. “You shoot yourself with it.” Seeing their look of horror, they continued quickly. “No, no, it doesn't hurt. You know how you never have enough time to do everything you need to? This gun helps you split up your body so you can do more things at once. Great, eh?”
“Uh huh, I see. How does it work?”
“You just point it at a body part and fire and it detaches. You can still use the body part and control it though. You shoot it again to reattach it. Imagine how efficient you can be now.”
“Sounds great,” they said brightly, and shot him.
Twenty minutes later, Debbie was sitting on the couch, eating an ice cream sundae and watching a movie. Robert's left arm was cleaning out the gutters; their right arm and legs were out picking up the dry-cleaning; their head was watching the kids; and their torso was mowing the lawn, somehow.
They smiled. This was the best Mother's Day ever.
Advertisements
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Welsh start-up is on track to deliver one the of first road-legal driverless vehicles in 2018 after a successful crowdfunding campaign.
Kar-Go, built by The University of Aberystwyth-based Academy of Robotics is capable of delivering items to retail customers on unmarked roads without human assistance.
The Academy recently closed its equity crowdfunding campaign on Crowdcube at more than £321k – 107 per cent of its original target.
The 321K raised will also be matched by “one of the largest tech companies” in the world, according to William Sachiti, the group's founder.
By using a combination of advanced robotics, driverless vehicle technology and an advanced package management system, Kar-Go will be able to make deliveries in residential areas at any time of the day.
With a wider scope to operate on public roads, the Academy is partnered with UK car manufacturer Pilgrim, and has already gained the appropriate legal requirements from the UK government's Centre for Autonomous Vehicles.
Sachiti hopes their invention will remove up to 98% of delivery costs.
They said: “We have a stellar team who are excited to have begun working on what we believe will probably be the best autonomous delivery vehicle in the world.
“For instance, our multi-award winning lead vehicle designer is part of the World Championship winning Brabham Formula One design team, and also spent years as a Design Engineer at McLaren.
“We also have a team of PHD level roboticists and scientists, and together, we are already working in Kar-Go at a Pilgrim Motorsports facility in Small Dole, West Sussex.
“We now also have over 300 shareholders.
How wonderful it is to be starting a New Year with you today! To celebrate that, I've selected many inspiring interior design ideas to make you dream, pin and start planing on that reno that you've been wanting for so long.
Today's post is filled with beautiful kitchens, dining rooms, living room, bedrooms, bathrooms, kids' rooms, laundry rooms, mud rooms, bunk rooms, you name it! Make sure to pour yourself a glass of champagne (it's New Year's Eve, after all) and let yourself dream away!
Collect more Interior Design Ideas: Come follow me on Pinterest/HomeBunch
New Interior Design Ideas for the New Year
Mark D. Williams Custom Homes Inc.
Blue Island Paint Color
“Farrow and Ball Stiffkey Blue”.
Brooke Wagner Design.
Blue Gray Kitchen Island
Sims Hilditch.
Blue and White European Kitchen
Sims Hilditch.
Soapstone Returns
Ivory kitchen cabinets with Soapstone countertop and soapstone slab backsplash.
Hickman Design Associates.
Kitchen Pantry Cabinet
Hickman Design Associates.
Open Concept Ideas
Hickman Design Associates.
Ombre Curtains
Hickman Design Associates.
Farmhouse Kitchen Island
Hickman Design Associates.
White Kitchen Paint Color & Countertop
White kitchen painted in Benjamin Moore OC-17 White Dove and White Bianco Oro marble countertop.
Fashionable Hostess.
Marbleland
White Kitchen with marble checkered floor tiles, marble countertop and marble slab backsplash.
Sotheby's Homes.
Two-toned Kitchen Paint Color
Two Toned Blue and White Kitchen Paint Color: Deep Space by Benjamin Moore.
Barker Freeman Design Office Architects pllc.
Kitchen & Dining Area Ideas
Kitchen opens to dining area with Restoration Hardware Victorian Pendants.
Monika Hibbs.
Classic Pendants
“Restoration Hardware Victorian Pendants”.
Monika Hibbs.
Popular White Kitchen Design
Monika Hibbs.
Kitchen Paint Color
“Benjamin Moore Simply White OC-117”.
Monika Hibbs.
Another Look
White kitchen painted in “Simply White OC-117 Benjamin Moore.”
Monika Hibbs.
Kitchen Classic Finishes
Monika Hibbs.
Kitchen Island Cooktop
Monika Hibbs.
Kitchen Desk
Monika Hibbs.
Kitchen Open Layout
Monika Hibbs.
Neutral Living Room
Monika Hibbs.
Living Room Art Ideas
Living Room Gold Frames Paintings by Sarah Swanson.
Monika Hibbs.
Restoration Hardware Linen Sofa
Monika Hibbs.
Living Room Bar Cart Ideas
Monika Hibbs.
Beach House Living Room
Hickman Design Associates.
Long Living Room Decorating Ideas
Sims Hilditch.
Living Room Table
Sims Hilditch.
Blue & Soft Gray
Sims Hilditch.
Neutral Shiplap Walls
Hickman Design Associates.
Dining Nook
Hickman Design Associates.
Reclaimed Wood Ceiling Ideas
Sims Hilditch.
Dining Room
Sims Hilditch.
Plates
Sims Hilditch.
Oars
Hickman Design Associates.
Foyer Paint Color
“Benjamin Moore Ashland Slate 1608”.
Fashionable Hostess.
Hallway Lighting
Monika Hibbs.
Black and White Photo Gallery Wall
Monika Hibbs.
Laundry Room Wall Tile
Spacecrafting Photography.
Laundry Room Design
Spacecrafting Photography.
Mudroom
Mudroom with open cabinet shelves and brick flooring.
Sims Hilditch.
Mudroom Bench
Karr Bick.
Staircase Window Seat
Sims Hilditch.
Small Kid Bedroom
Sims Hilditch.
Shared Kids' Bedroom
Sims Hilditch.
Coastal Bedroom with Custom Beds
Colby Construction.
Rustic Bunk Room
Hickman Design Associates.
Bunk Room with Six Bunk Beds
Hickman Design Associates.
Lake Housemaster Bedroom
Hickman Design Associates.
Walk-in Closet
Sims Hilditch.
Tongue and Groove Bathtub
Hickman Design Associates.
Soft Gray Bathroom Vanity
Hickman Design Associates.
Farmhouse Bathroom
Hickman Design Associates.
Tongue and Groove Bathroom
Hickman Design Associates.
Stone Bathroom Floor
Cottage bathroom with Blue Stone Paver flooring.
Colby Construction.
Concrete Bathroom Sink
Colby Construction.
Elegant Rustic Bathroom
Hickman Design Associates.
Bathroom Vanity Layout
Hickman Design Associates.
Bathroom Cabinet
Karr Bick.
Bathroom Shower Design
Karr Bick.
Hardwood Floor in Bathroom
Spacecrafting Photography.
Flying Butterflies
Butterfly Wallpaper is AZHA by Trove.
Spacecrafting Photography.
Oceanfront Bathroom
Sotheby's Homes.
Black & White Floral Wallpaper
The black and white wallpaper is by Designer Guild.
Monika Hibbs.
White Bathroom with Gray Flooring
Monika Hibbs.
Bathroom Sink
Monika Hibbs.
Bathroom Storage Cart
Monika Hibbs.
Bed Tray
Fashionable Hostess.
Best White Bedroom Paint Color
Best White Bedroom Paint Color: “Benjamin Moore White Dove OC-17” – Aura Interior, Matte Finish.
Fashionable Hostess.
Spacecrafting Photography.
Pale Gray
Spacecrafting Photography.
Neutral Master Bedroom Inspiration
Sims Hilditch.
Clover Mirrors
Fashionable Hostess.
White Dove Bedroom
Wall paint color is Benjamin Moore White Dove. Trim paint color is Benjamin Moore Simply White. Ceiling paint color is half-formula Benjamin Moore White Dove.
Fashionable Hostess.
Mirrored Nightstand
Fashionable Hostess.
Pinnable Interiors Design Tips:
Designer Go-to White Paints: Cool and Warm White Paint: Dunn Edwards Droplets DEW 381. Dunn Edwards Cool December DEW 383. Dunn Edwards White DEW 380. Benjamin Moore Chantilly Lace OC-65. Benjamin Moore Decorators White CC-20. Benjamin Moore Super White PM-1.
Via Blackband Design.
White Paint Finish: Flat: Low traffic areas. Eggshell: Moderate traffic. Satin: Moderate to high traffic. Semi-Gloss: High traffic. High Gloss: High traffic.
Via Blackband Design.
The truth about lighting and paint color.
Via Blackband Design.
Home & Garden Ideas
Colby Construction.
Front Porch
Colby Construction.
Dreamy Outdoor Area
Collage Designs.
Lake Cottage
Colby Construction.
Missing Summer
Colby Construction.
Lake Guest House
Colby Construction.
Lake House
Colby Construction.
Shingle Home
Hickman Design Associates.
Screened-in Porch with Daybed
Hickman Design Associates.
Classic Home
Hickman Design Associates.
Narrow Screened-in Porch
Colby Construction.
Cottage in the Woods
Meyer Greeson Paullin Benson.
The Sound of Leaves in a Breezy Afternoon
Ruth Eileen Photography.
Summer Blossoms
Ruth Eileen Photography.
New Romance
Ruth Eileen Photography.
Quote of the Week
You can follow my pins here: Pinterest/HomeBunch
See more Inspiring Interior Design Ideas in my Archives.
Popular Paint Color Posts: The Best Benjamin Moore Paint Colors
Interior Paint Color and Color Palette Pictures
Interior Paint Color and Color Palette Ideas
Interior Paint Color and Color Palette
New 2015 Paint Color Ideas
Interior Paint Color Ideas
Interior Design Ideas: Paint Color
Interior Ideas: Paint Color
More Paint Color Ideas
A brand New Year is just starting and I can't tell you how excited I am. This will be a year where we will feel healthy (Be attentive to your body and its needs), we will feel loved (Do not be with someone who can't see how deserving of love and respect you really are.) and will achieve our main goals — because we will focus and work hard for them.
I don't want you to make promises just because a new year is starting. I want you to want a better life because today is a day to start changing it. Right now is all we have. Yesterday is gone and tomorrow hasn't arrived yet and there are no guarantees that it will. So, work with your “right now” and have better goals, do better, be better and you will live better. Trust me, I know very well that there is always space for improvement.
Most of all, my friends, I know this is a year of Blessings. I feel this and I want you to believe in it as well. Know that you will receive many Blessings. We will.
So, stick around and let's discover all the Blessings that we will receive in our lives this year.
Have a Happy, Healthy and Blessed 2016!
with Love,
Luciane at HomeBunch.com
Interior Design Services within Your Budget
Come Follow me on
Come Follow me on
Get Home Bunch Posts Via Email
Contact Luciane
Sources: 1st Image: Mark D. Williams Custom Homes Inc. Fashionable Hostess. Monika Hibbs. Hickman Design Associates. Sims Hilditch. Spacecrafting / Architectural Photography. Meyer Greeson Paullin Benson. Barker Freeman Design Office Architects pllc. Karr Bick. Collage Designs. Colby Construction. Mark D. Williams Custom Homes Inc. Brooke Wagner Design. Remaining Images: Sources specified below each image.
Missing May 2010 email could be among the “lost” emails IRS now claims were destroyed by Lerner hard drive collapse
(Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch today released a new batch of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) documents including an email from the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) seeking a missing May 2010 IRS internal email ordering the targeting of Tea Party applications. The TIGTA email also questioned the IRS “retention and backup policy regarding emails.”
In the January 24, 2013, email from Troy Paterson of the TIGTA office to Holly Paz, the former director of the Office of Rulings and Agreements, Paterson wrote:
During a recent briefing, I mentioned that we do not have the original e-mail from May 2010 stating that ‘Tea Party' applications should be forwarded to a specific group for additional review. After thinking it through, I was wondering about the IRS's retention or backup policy regarding e-mails. Do you know who I could contact to find out if this e-mail may have been retained?
On January 31, 2013, Paz responded to Paterson apologizing for apparently failing to meet with the TIGTA official and diverting their request for the missing May 2010 email to IRS legal counsel:
I'm sorry we won't get to see you today. We have reached out to determine the appropriate contact regarding your question below and have been told that, if this data request is part of e-Discovery, the coordination needs to go through Chief Counsel.
Beginning in late March, the hunt for the missing email directing the targeting of Tea Party applications resulted in a frenzied internal IRS email exchange, including the following:
March 25, 2013 – 1:35 PM – Lois Lerner to Holly Paz:
Troy said they did reach out to the name you gave them to see if they could find the email, but got no response. Can you give me whatever info I gave you so I can kick some butt wherever it needs kicking!
March 25, 2013 – 2:38 PM – Lois Lerner to Nikole Flax (then-Chief of Staff to then-Acting IRS Commissioner Steven T. Miller):
They [apparently Troy Paterson] said they contacted the person, but no one ever responded. I will get the contact we gave them from Holly. I personally reached out to them to tell them TIGTA was coming and asked for the right person to help. Once I get the name, perhaps someone can ask them to respond to TIGTA? We shoot ourselves in our own foot!
March 25, 2013 – 2:57 PM – Lois Lerner to Nikole Flax:
In our response, based on what we were able to find out from staff, we told them that in 2010, someone in Determs [Determinations] sent out an informal email to all Determs folks asking them to forward all “Tea Party” applications to another specialist. TIGTA asked for a copy of the email. We asked everyone in Determs to check their email to find it – no one could find a copy … In any event, apparently, no one responded to Troy's request.
March 26, 2013 – 11:07 AM – Lois Lerner to Nikole Flax:
I'll send the draft – don't freak out because we had a good talk and I believe there will be another draft to comment on – we had a higher up guy this time. As to information we can't provide – I'd rather they do the IT route –the investigatory route means they'd go out and question staff, who are already freaked.
After claiming that they were trying to track down a copy of the missing email, Lerner later denied it existed. In an April 2, 2013, email to Paterson and Assistant Inspector General Gregory Kutz, previously released by Judicial Watch, Lerner wrote:
So, following our conversation last week, we again searched our records and spoke to EO Rulings & Agreements employees about the May 2010 e-mail regarding the pre-BOLO [Be On the Lookout] criteria, and the issue of who approved the criteria. We now believe that there was not a May 2010 e-mail sent to all Determinations personnel directing them to coordinate these cases with group 7825.
If the May 2010 email sought by the Treasury Inspector General exists, as Lerner acknowledged in their March 25, 2010, email to Flax, it could now be among those the IRS claims were lost when Lerner's hard drive was destroyed.
On June 27, Judicial Watch filed a Motion for Status Conference, and within hours was granted a hearing, in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to confer about the emails of Lois Lerner and other IRS officials, which the IRS claims were destroyed. The emails were the subject of longstanding Judicial Watch Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests and a lawsuit (Judicial Watch v. IRS (No. 1:13-cv-01559)). The hearing is scheduled for July 10.
The emails Judicial Watch has sought since May 2013 cover portions of the same period for which the IRS on June 13, 2014, notified the House Committee on Ways and Means were lost or destroyed. Yet, the IRS and the Department of Justice failed to notify either Judicial Watch or the court concerning the “lost” emails.
“This extraordinary series of emails further confirms, contrary to statements by President Obama, that the Tea Party suppression effort was run out the IRS headquarters in Washington, DC. And it raises more disturbing questions about smoking gun IRS evidence disappearing and a cover-up that goes back to at least 2013,” stated Tom Fitton, Judicial Watch president. “At this point, our FOIA lawsuit seems the best vehicle to get to the bottom of this IRS scandal.”
The Indiana Pacers on Friday unveiled plans and renderings for a newly remodeled section of Bankers Life Fieldhouse, along with a multi-year naming rights deal that likely will score the Pacers more than $1 million.
The NBA team is turning seven suites at the south end of the Fieldhouse—just above the Legends restaurant—into a single entertainment area with a club-like feel that could serve as an alternative for fans who want high-end amenities without committing to an entire suite.
The new $2.8 million space, with a capacity for 104 guests, will be called the Sells Group Loft.
The city's Capital Improvement Board paid for the renovation as part of a larger $160 million, 10-year finance deal with the Indiana Pacers for the operations of the Fieldhouse. As part of the 2014 deal, the city agreed to make $33.5 million in improvements to the 17-year-old venue.
Pacers officials told IBJ they arranged a naming rights deal for the space with Sells Group, a locally based digital marketing and development firm.
The interior space will feature a U-shaped bar, two buffet areas, and seating for casual conversation and dining. (Image courtesy Indiana Pacers) The interior space will feature a U-shaped bar, two buffet areas, and seating for casual conversation and dining. (Image courtesy Indiana Pacers)
Pacers and Sells officials said the naming rights pact is a five-year deal, but declined to provide financial details. Sports marketers estimated the deal was in the low to mid six figures, netting the Pacers seven figures over the span of the agreement.
Pacers' sales chief Todd Taylor said the naming rights deal “was a pretty quick sale.”
“Sells Group saw the value and jumped right in,” they said.
Sells Group, which is new to the sports sponsorship scene, will get multiple signs in the new space along with in-arena advertising and other marketing elements.
Founded in 2012 by Hoosier native Patrick Sells, the company now has 55 full-time employees at its downtown office at 47 S. Pennsylvania St., just a block north of the Fieldhouse.
Sells, 25, told IBJ they want Sells Group Loft to be a unique amenity.
“We're working with the Pacers on a lot of different ways to activate the space,” said Sells, a Taylor University graduate. “We want the space to inspire and excite.”
Sells intends to float suggestions such as cocktails named after the company's core values.
Sells Group first bought Pacers season tickets last year. When Sells' ticket representative informed them about the newly planned space, they asked about getting their company involved beyond just buying tickets for the loft.
“We're looking for fun ways to explain who we are, and have people experience who we are, to differentiate our firm from other [marketing] firms,” Sells said.
The new space will feature a large, U-shaped bar, two buffet areas, seating for casual conversation and dining, plus 12 sets of four theater seats stacked two-by-two and 14 sets of four side-by-side loge seats that directly overlook the court below. Each set of theater seats will come with iPads, and each of the loge boxes will have two fixed flat screens.
A set of four tickets for loge boxes will cost $50,000 annually and a set of four tickets for theater boxes will cost $70,000 annually. Both options include two parking passes and food and drink, which Pacers officials promise would be high-end.
The space is designed by global architecture and design firm Populous, which has worked on pro sports venues such as Amway Center in Orlando, Florida; Yankee Stadium in New York; and The O2 Arena in London. Populous also conducted a local study to help the Pacers set the price for tickets in the space.
Ticket buyers will gain admittance to all Indiana Fever games, all Indiana Pacers regular season games and other events held annually at the Fieldhouse. Tickets for the space will be sold in three-, five-, and seven-year packages.
Renovation of the space kicked into high gear this month. Pacers officials hope to have it ready by the team's season opener in late October, although they said it might not be open for the first week or two of the season. If that's the case, ticket prices for this season will be pro-rated, Taylor said.
After the renovation, there will still be 64 suites in the 18,165-seat venue. Pacers President Rick Fuson said the overhaul does not mean the demand for suites is softening.
“Right now, our suites are at mid-90 percent capacity,” Fuson said. “That means we're selling 100 percent of what we want to sell.”
“This [new loft] space reflects what our community is looking for,” Taylor said. “People like the social aspect and the freedom and flexibility to move around, yet have seats. This is great for small- and mid-sized companies. It gives them a suite-like option at a price point that is attractive. They also like that it's all-inclusive, so there's a fixed price."
Suites in the fieldhouse cost between $150,000 and $300,000 annually.
Converting suites into this type of space is a trend throughout the NBA, including for arenas for Chicago, Milwaukee, Phoenix and Golden State.
So far, interest in the loge seats, which were designed to give fans a closer-to-the-game and in-arena experience, are generating more interest. But Taylor also expects the theater seats, which were designed for more privacy, to sell well.
The Sells Group Loft is the second major project for high-end ticket buyers the Pacers have announced in as many weeks. On Aug. 4, the club revealed plan to revamp the fieldhouse's floor-level restaurant, along with a seven-figure naming rights deal to go with it.
With the recent acquisition of adequate aerial photography equipment, I have begun to experiment with the prospect of camera tracking aerial footage with the intention of inserting rendered objects into the scenes. This is a huge step forward for cinematic live action-CGI renderings, and will open the doors to creating whole CGI towns and villages rendered into real-world environments (shots taken from the air will be able to gather full-size views of this scale). Below, please first view a demo of my very first stabilized drone footage, shot over the last few days:
Worthy of note is the process by which I would complete 3D renderings with such footage. I currently stabilize footage with Adobe After Effects, and this process often leaves behind subtle “warp” artifacts, which would confuse the camera tracker when attempting to turn the footage into a 3D scene. Thus, in order to create stabilized 3D rendered shots with this type of footage, I need to first camera track the shot, then insert the necessary lighting, geometry and shadow planes in Blender Cycles, and then stabilize the resulting imagery. Below, observe a demo of the process, minus the stabilization:
AMMAN (Reuters) - Forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad captured the southern Damascus suburb of Hujaira on Wednesday, part of a broader advance that has brought them major gains south of the capital before proposed international peace talks.
A soldier loyal to Syria's President Bashar al-Assad poses with the national flag in Hujaira town, south of Damascus, after the soldiers took control of it from the rebel fighters,in this handout photograph distributed by Syria's national news agency SANA on November 13, 2013. REUTERS/SANA/Handout via Reuters
Syrian state television and al-Manar, the channel of the Lebanese group Hezbollah whose fighters helped drive rebels out Hujaira, broadcast live footage showing soldiers in control of otherwise empty streets flanked by shelled buildings and ruins.
“Southern districts that have been under rebel control for more than a year are falling one by one,” Damascus-based activist Rami al-Sayyed said, referring to gains by Assad's forces around the capital.
The capture of Hujaira came a day after Islamist rebels in Aleppo declared an emergency and summoned all fighters to confront Assad's forces who have taken towns to the southeast of the contested northern city and also challenged rebel control in the center of Aleppo itself.
Since September's deal between the United States and Russia to eliminate Syrian chemical weapons averted the threat of Western attack, Assad's forces have also consolidated control around other cities along Syria's north-south highway such as Deraa and Homs.
Large, mostly rural and desert, regions remain under the control of rebel brigades, mainly in the eastern Syria and in the countryside bordering Turkey.
Assad's gains put them in an increasingly secure position ahead of proposed - but long delayed - peace talks in Geneva aimed at finding a political solution to the 2-1/2 year civil war. Syrian authorities have scoffed at suggestions they should hand power to a transitional government.
FOREIGN FIGHTERS
Assad's military resurgence this year has relied to a great extent on support from Shi'ite Iran and fighters from Lebanon's Hezbollah and Iraqi militias, some of them based around a Shi'ite shrine southeast of Damascus.
Related Coverage NATO backs keeping Patriot missiles in Turkey
They have helped turn the tide against the Sunni Muslim rebels, whose ranks are increasingly dominated by Islamist fighters and al Qaeda-linked foreign jihadists.
“In the last few months Assad has been increasingly leaving the fighting in the urban areas, especially Damascus and its environs, to their Shi'ite allies,” a Middle East security official said.
“The capture of Hujaira is typical. Syrian army tanks and artillery level the area. The Iraqis and Hezbollah advance and do the fighting. Assad's troops then enter the area and pose for cameras,” they added.
Hezbollah and its patron Iran do not comment on their operations in Syria.
Sayyed, the activist in Damascus, said fighters from the Qatar-backed Ahfad al-Rasul brigade as well as al Qaeda affiliates al-Nusra Front and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, withdrew from Hujaira to Hajar al-Aswad, a dense neighborhood closer to the center of capital, after being pounded by artillery and air strikes for weeks.
“There is no unified command and morale has been hit. Hajar al-Aswad and a series of towns in the hands of the resistance in the south and southwest edge of Damascus are now exposed,” they said.
Rebel sources in Hajar al-Aswad said the fall of Hujaira robs rebels of urban cover but said their defenses in besieged districts closer to the heart of Damascus were solid.
Louay al-Dimashqi, an activist well connected with Damascus rebels, said rebels detonated a car bomb on Wednesday at a roadblock in the southern Nisreen quarter, where Hezbollah fighters had deployed along with pro-Assad paramilitary.
There were no immediate details of casualties.
Slideshow (3 Images)
In Aleppo, rebels battled pro-Assad forces in a second week of street fighting in eastern neighborhoods and in districts closer to the center, opposition sources said.
More than 100,000 people have been killed in the increasingly sectarian conflict that has split the Middle East between Sunni powers, including Gulf Arab states and Turkey which support the rebels, and Iran and its Shi'ite allies.
Assad, who succeeded their father in 2000, belongs to the Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shi'ite Islam that has controlled Syria since the 1960s.
Teenagers under the age of 16 could be banned from Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram and email if they don't have parental permission, under last-minute changes to EU laws.
The European Union is on the verge of pushing through new regulations that would raise the age of consent for websites to use personal data from 13 to 16.
Officials quitely amended proposed data protection laws last week to increase the age and put the EU out of step with rules in other parts of the world.
It would mean that millions of teenagers under 16 would be forced to seek permission from parents whenever signing up to a social media account, downloading an app or even using search engines.
The law, due to be negotiated between member states on Tuesday, would cause a major headache for social media companies. Almost all major social media services, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, and Google, currently have a minimum age of 13, in compliance with European and American laws.
Once laws are agreed, they are due to be voted on by the European parliament's civil liberties, justice and home affairs committee on Thursday before being ratified by the parliament itself in the New Year. Countries would then have two years to implement the law.
Failing to comply with the new legislation would mean fines of up to 4pc of a company's turnover - tens of millions of pounds for the biggest internet firms.
The proposed rule comes as part of a major overhaul of data protection laws designed to create a single set of rules for the European Union. It has been in the works for almost four years and will be debated by politicians on Tuesday before a vote on Thursday.
Photo: Alamy
The Diana Award Youth Board, which aims to protect children from bullying, attacked the move.
"This higher age threshold may incentivise children between the ages of 13 and 15 to lie about their age. Children aged 13 and above have long accessed online services; an artificial and sudden change to this threshold will likely result in many children between the ages of 13 and 15 lying about their ages in order to continue accessing online services - rather than asking their parents to consent," it said.
"This development would make it far more difficult for online services to offer children age-appropriate guidance and tools to ensure a safe and privacy-protective experience online.
Join us & sign the petition to stop law which says <16's can't access internet without parent permission. Sign here:https://t.co/fi1EYjabP6 — Anti-Bullying Pro (@AntiBullyingPro) December 14, 2015
On Tuesday, the EU agreed a deal with member states that will allow countries to opt out.
After the tumultuous Attorney Generalship of Eric Holder, what the country badly needs is a replacement who will uphold the law fairly and guard against injustices perpetrated by the government. President Obama's nominee to replace him, federal prosecutor Loretta Lynch is questionable in that regard because of their enthusiastic embrace of civil asset forfeiture, which often deprives perfectly innocent people of their property.
In an editorial published November 22, “Loretta Lynch's Money Pot,” the Wall Street Journal revealed that during their tenure as U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Ms. Lynch has used civil asset forfeiture in more than 120 cases, raking in some $113 million for federal and local coffers. The trouble with civil asset forfeiture cases is that they frequently inflict severe losses on people who have only the most tenuous connection with a crime – or even no connection at all. (For some very distressing examples, see my September 12 Forbes article.)
The editorial discloses the facts of the Bi-County Distributors case, overseen by Lynch's office. Bi-County is a small business run by Jeffrey, Richard, and Mitch Hirsch. Their business deals largely in small amounts of cash and in May 2012, their account held $446,651.11, when it was confiscated entirely by Eastern District prosecutors.
Bi-County sells candy and snack food items to small retailers on Long Island, but, disfavored as such things may be by the Washington elite, that business is entirely legal. There has never been any allegation of any wrongdoing by the company or its owners, but they were under suspicion because of many cash deposits of less than $10,000. Under IRS regulations, banks must report cash deposits of $10,000 or more, but the feds look at substantial deposits of smaller amounts as grounds for suspicion, thinking that the depositor must be trying to avoid detection.
Now, if Ms. Lynch's office had bothered to inquire about Bi-County's business, they would have found that it is clean. But they did not bother to inquire. Under civil asset forfeiture, authorities can take money (or other property) and then dare the owner to battle through legal obstacles to get it back. To do that, the owner must prove innocence.
Charge someone with a crime and the burden of proving guilt is on the government, but confiscate property under civil asset forfeiture and the government keeps the spoils unless the owner is able to prove their innocence. That is not the way our system of justice is supposed to work.
Was this just a mistake, perhaps? Evidently not, because Lynch's office has not seen fit to even file the required notice that it has taken the Hirsch's money. Now that those inveterate opponents of government overreach, the Institute for Justice, has filed a case to force the government's hand (a case with the strange name In the Matter of the Seizure of $446,651.11) the brothers might get their money back. Eventually.
IJ's statement on the case is damning to the notion that Ms. Lynch should be entrusted with the authority of the nation's top law enforcement official. “Shockingly, in the two-and-a-half years since the seizure, the government has not filed a civil forfeiture action in court – it has just sat on the money and refuses to give it back. This total disregard of the Hirsch brothers' due process rights means that they have never had a day in court to challenge the seizure and demonstrate their innocence.”
Civil asset forfeiture has been a tremendous windfall for prosecutors and police departments, some of which have attended seminars coaching them on what property is best to grab, as we learned in this November 9thNew York Times article. Law enforcement officials know that they're often victimizing people who have committed no crime, but aren't much concerned about that. They say that criminals frequently are hurt by the loss of cash, vehicles, and other property; besides, they need the additional resources that seizures give them.
Those arguments are irrelevant. In America, the crucial function of the law is to protect the life, liberty, and property of the innocent. Even if asset forfeitures do more damage to criminals than to innocent people, that is no reason to sanction injustices.
The Hippocratic Oath for medical doctors calls upon them to “first, do no harm.” We ought to have a similar oath for all law enforcement officials, obligating them to “first, do no injustice.”
Sadly, America has reached the point where many prosecutors are so interested in racking up convictions that they are barely interested in the guilt or innocence of those they target, and similarly so interested in maximizing the haul of assets from people that their guilt or innocence doesn't matter either.
When the Senate holds confirmation hearings on the Lynch nomination, a key question should be what if anything they would do as Attorney General to protect people from being trampled by rampaging law enforcement officials, including but not limited to civil asset forfeiture.
Appealing for a shift in emphasis on nuclear safety, the new head of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission warned a gathering of more than 3,000 industry executives, experts and government regulators on Tuesday against relying too heavily on their ability to predict the future, and suggested that when it comes to commercial reactors, the industry and the government should be ready to deal with the unknown.
Speaking two years after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster in Japan, Allison M. Macfarlane, a geologist who became chairperson of the five-member commission last July, cited aging nuclear reactors, terrorist attacks and natural disasters, saying, “we don't know everything about how the Earth behaves, and we must factor this into how we approach nuclear safety.''
In the past few years the commission has employed a safety technique called probabilistic risk assessment, in which engineers assign probability to equipment failure to determine which accidents are the most likely, and thus which systems and components most deserve improvements.
In their talk on Tuesday morning at the agency's annual Regulatory Information Conference in Bethesda, Md., Dr. Macfarlane used an oft-repeated quote, attributed to the physicist Niels Bohr: “Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.” Them field, geology, has traditionally concerned itself with understanding history over long periods, although the nuclear industry, with its focus on earthquake risk and its search for areas to bury nuclear waste, has used that science to make predictions.
FBI & Homeland Security Now 0 For 41 In Predicting Imminent Terrorist Attacks On The US
from the why-does-anyone-take-them-seriously dept
The FBI has all the incentive in the world to issue warnings and no incentive whatsoever to not issue warnings. Issuing warnings has no downside, while not doing so is all downside. The FBI, like all agencies of the government, does not operate in a political vacuum. Emphasizing the “ISIS threat” at home necessarily helps prop up the broader war effort the FBI's boss, the president of the United States, must sell to a war-weary public. The incentive is to therefore highlight the smallest threats. This was a feature that did not go unnoticed during the Bush years, but has since fallen out of fashion. It has no actual utility. What does it mean to be “more vigilant”? It's a vague call to alertness that officials, aside from “beefing up security” by local police, never quite explain what it means. If the FBI wanted to tell local police departments to up their security of the 4th of July weekend, surely they could do so quietly, without the chair of the House Committee on Homeland Security having to go on all major networks talking over b-roll of ISIS in apocalyptic terms.
All of this doesn't mean that a terrorist attack on US won't eventually happen. Simple math tells us that, no matter the precautions taken or the civil liberties taken away, one may get through. But it is a rare event, and one which human beings have lived with throughout our history. By magnifying it and terrifying everyone, we're only doing the terrorists' job for them.
I don't have cable. I almost never watch TV. I never see cable news unless someone points me to a clip online. Yet apparently, with the extended holiday weekend this past weekend, cable news went absolutely bonkers with vague, unsubstantiated claims from government officials about how everyone should be on heightened alert for an attack from ISIS:The Morell appearance was particularly ridiculous, with it posting during the episode the following map of "recent ISIS arrests" in the US to emphasize the bullshit claim that ISIS was already in the US and plotting attacks:The problem, of course, is that none of those arrests were really connected to ISIS in any serious way. Nearly all of them were actually plots cooked up by the FBI to trick gullible individuals that they were in on an ISIS plot.Before the weekend, Adam Johnson put together an astounding list of how Homeland Security and the FBI are 0 for 40 in their last 40 predictions for terrorist attacks inside the US -- raising serious questions about why the news media actually takes any of these "warnings" seriously. And that doesn't even get into the fact that DHS and the FBI haveto stop actual plots like the Boston bombing. Here's the list that Johnson put together:And now we can add this past weekend, making them 0 for 41.Johnson highlights three reasons why these warnings still get issued:There's also one other reason which is related to the first reason above, but is slightly different:there is actually a big terrorist attack (and not one they can wave off), DHS and FBI officials will be hauled before Congress and asked why they didn't spot it or warn about it. So this is, once again, an example of officials wanting to cover their own asses. As we noted recently in explaining why surveillance state defenders don't care that the programs they defend don't work, a lot of the mental calculus involves covering their own asses in the event something bad does happen. No one wants to have to explain that what they did was useless, so they feel the need to "do something." Combine that with the near total lack of downside, and of course, there are going to be random predictions based on nothing.So the real question, though, is how come cable news feels the need to fall for it too? As Tevor Timm notes, all this really does is help terrorists in "terrorizing" the American public:And the cable news teams are helping this right along...
Filed Under: cable news, dhs, fbi, fud, homeland security, isis, terror, terror warnings, terrorists
Gracefully, Ms. Robinson changed the subject. But a significant audience in the wine world loves Mr. Vaynerchuk's tune.
Ms. Robinson and their peers like Robert M. Parker Jr. and Wine Spectator may represent the apogee of the classic wine critic, issuing influential scores and opinions from on high as both arbiters and exemplars of the good life. But Mr. Vaynerchuk's kid-in-a-candy-store approach may represent the future. Mr. Vaynerchuk, 33, has broken through class barriers in a way that no other critic has been able to, making wine a part of popular culture.
He's appeared on Ellen DeGeneres's show and Conan O'Brien's, where, in the guise of educating the host's palate to wine terms like sweaty, mineral and earthy, they sniffed Mr. O'Brien's armpit and persuaded them to chew an old sock, lick a rock and eat dirt (topped with shredded cigar tobacco and cherries).
“You're an idiot!” Mr. O'Brien exclaimed.
Perhaps so, but Mr. Vaynerchuk now has a million-dollar 10-book contract with HarperStudio that will focus on wine and marketing. And the wine establishment, which initially saw Mr. Vaynerchuk as a retailer with a novelty act, is taking note. In its July issue, Decanter, the leading British wine magazine, anointed them No. 40 in its list of the 50 most powerful and influential people in the world of wine.
“His influence is less than a style dictator than as a new media pioneer, showing how things can and will be done,” said Ms. Robinson, who said they had pushed for their inclusion in the Decanter list.
Few people had ever heard of Mr. Vaynerchuk in early 2006, when they posted their first episode of Wine Library TV on the Wine Library Web site.
Photo
Before long their high-volume, hyper-enunciated delivery, sprinkled with bizarre tasting analogies and unlikely stream-of-consciousness departures, had earned them a rabid Internet following, along with ridicule from detractors in the audience. They were called a clown and the Human Infomercial, whose over-the-top style was dumbing down wine. Yet their fan base kept growing. They estimate their audience for each episode of Wine Library TV (he's just recorded No. 733) at 90,000 people, and they have nearly 900,000 followers on Twitter.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The numbers have made Mr. Vaynerchuk not only a wine industry phenomenon, but a social media superstar who's being held up as a role model for using the tools of e-commerce to succeed in any business.
“Gary V. is a one-man social network,” said Paul Mabray, chief strategy officer for VinTank, a wine industry think tank and consultancy. “He has the ability to get other people to believe in their product, and act as a megaphone for their message, and he's the only wine writer we've seen adopted by mass culture, like Ellen and Conan.”
Their persona is as much about marketing as it is about wine. Their first book, due out next month, is an entrepreneur's self-help guide called “Crush It.” Future books, Mr. Vaynerchuk said, will focus on a combination of wine, marketing and building one's personal brand.
They hope to extend their marketing reach beyond wine and self-help books. With their younger brother, A. J., Mr. Vaynerchuk has started Vaynermedia, a marketing agency with a small list of high-profile clients like the New York Jets (Mr. Vaynerchuk is a huge fan) and Jalen Rose, a retired N.B.A. player turned commentator. Not surprisingly, the Jets are now among the most Twitter-happy N.F.L. teams.
For Mr. Vaynerchuk, it's been a most unlikely journey. They were born in Belarus and immigrated to New Jersey as a child. Their father, Sasha, ran a liquor store, while young Gary honed their entrepreneurial chops, selling baseball cards, they say, and franchising lemonade stands.
After graduating from Mount Ida College in Newton, Mass., Mr. Vaynerchuk took over their father's shop, Shopper's Discount Liquor, and rechristened it Wine Library, which they have built into what they say is a $60-million-a-year business.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Vaynerchuk might well have remained a successful but anonymous retailer, but in 2006 they initiated their video blog, Wine Library TV. From their first hesitant episodes, all of which are archived on the Wine Library TV Web site, Mr. Vaynerchuk quickly gathered steam, unleashing their frenzied delivery. They began wearing wristbands and calling their program “The Thunder Show a.k.a the Internet's Most Passionate Wine Program.” They draped their minimalist set with action figures of wrestlers and superheroes, dubbed their audience Vayniacs, and bedecked their spit bucket with decals of their beloved New York Jets.
The unlovely ritual of wine tasting, with its swirling and sipping, punctuated with the slurping noise of air sucked through a wine-filled mouth and culminating in a swift discharge into a bucket, is few people's idea of attractive television. But Mr. Vaynerchuk embraced the unattractive, showing utter disregard for production values.
“Many people who I respected were disappointed when I started Wine Library TV,” Mr. Vaynerchuk said in an interview one recent morning. “They thought I was dumbing down wine, but I always knew I was one of the biggest producers of new wine drinkers in the world, and people are realizing it now.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Of course, such extravagant claims are impossible to establish, but Mr. Vaynerchuk's audience on their Internet bulletin board certainly seems to have a higher percentage of novice wine drinkers than in the forums on either the Parker or Spectator Web sites.
Photo
While Mr. Vaynerchuk does not yet come close to Mr. Parker or the Spectator in their ability to move the wine market as a whole, their words do sell bottles. In an episode of Wine Library TV in February, Mr. Vaynerchuk raved about a Sonoma Coast pinot noir from Sojourn Cellars, a small producer.
“We took 500 e-mails and phone calls in 24 hours,” said Craig Haserot, an owner of Sojourn. “Nothing has put more people on our database and sold more wine than Wine Library TV, and it's not even close.”
Mr. Vaynerchuk's appeal is rooted in their undermining of the old-guard mantle of authority and detachment that wine critics of older generations like Ms. Robinson spent years trying to achieve. In many reviews, they seem to subvert the established vocabulary for describing wine.
They begin with the usual jargon, talking about nose and mid-palate, describing flavors like apricot, buttered popcorn and lilacs, as many wine writers do. But then they depart from the script, saying a wine smells like a sheep butt or that drinking it is like biting into an engine. They might improvise a dialogue with a bottle of riesling, and when they talked about another pinot noir from the Sonoma Coast, a 2006 Kanzler, they seemingly went off the deep end in describing its flavor:
“You hit a deer, you pull off to the side of the road, then you stab the deer with a knife, cut it, and bite that venison, and put a little black pepper and strawberries on it and eat it, like a mean, awful human being. That's what this tastes like.”
Audiences love it.
“I immediately identified with their passion and enthusiasm,” said Dale Cruse, a Web designer and wine blogger who started watching early on. “But I think it's worth noting that passion and enthusiasm isn't going to get you very far in the wine world without some knowledge to back it up.”
Indeed, Mr. Vaynerchuk does know their Pommards from their Pomerols, and they clearly love wine and wants their audience to love wine, too.
“My mission is to build wine self-esteem in this country,” they said. “I want people to know their palate is a snowflake. We all like different things. Why should we all have the same taste in wines?”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Vaynerchuk's own taste is very hard to pin down. They will say that their palate is very different from most people's, and that given a choice between eating a bowl of fruit and a bowl of vegetables, he'll choose the vegetables every time. They rail against “the oak monster,” which can make many wines taste like two-by-fours. They freely acknowledge that their palate has changed over the years, away from big fruity wines to more subtle ones, and said they expected their tastes to continue to change.
While Mr. Vaynerchuk has been lauded for making wine more accessible to younger people through their populist vocabulary, the real achievement of Wine Library TV has been to break down the barriers around the omniscient wine critic handing down thoughts from the mountaintop, and to include the audience in the critical process. As Mr. Vaynerchuk tastes and spits, their brain is seemingly on display as it begins to churn and the words emerge unfiltered from their mouth.
“My natural inclination to be improv rather than an educated character serves me well,” they said.
While Mr. Vaynerchuk has done well bringing wine to a wider audience, he's done even better using wine to market himself. For now, they are looking ahead to new ventures, including the leap to Internet marketing guru. With their new company, Vaynermedia, they want to market commercial products, people, teams and even sports like boxing.
“It's about stories,” they said. “If I can tell the story to America, whether it's riesling or a boxer from Harlem, it will sell.”
They pause. “I know on my gravestone it's going to be, ‘Storyteller.' ”
Borussia Dortmund are in the middle of a spectacular downward spiral in the autumn of 2017, culminating in one of the most embarrassing games in recent memory, a 4-4 draw with archrivals Schalke 04 in which they squandered a four-goal lead with 30 minutes to go.
Head coach Peter Bosz is under fire and their job security hangs by a thread, but it seems the club's decision makers are willing to give them every chance to hang on to their post. YWP writer Lars Pollmann disagrees.
Peter Bosz seems like a fine man. At first, I thought they were a bit dull, but maybe it was their lack of experience speaking German in front of large crowds of journalists who were spoiled by the entertainer Jürgen Klopp and the mad professor Thomas Tuchel. The Dutchman has grown on me on a personal level. They seem like the kind of man you'd like to have a couple of drinks with after all, even though they prefers wine over beer. After Tuchel's successful but at least equally stressful tenure at the Westfalenstadion came to its logical but nonetheless undignified conclusion in the summer, Bosz was the right kind of man to appoint. Where their predecessor divided, they unite. They don't make any demands. They haven't groaned once since Dortmund sold budding superstar Ousmane Dembele and replaced them with Andrey Yarmolenko. By all accounts, players like working with Bosz, too. The man Peter Bosz doesn't deserve to be fired, or anything bad to happen to him. But Borussia Dortmund are a football club that pays the head coach Peter Bosz a lot of money to lead a very expensive team. Their tenure, having started better than anyone would've dared to hope, has taken a turn into the realms of abject failure. The head coach Peter Bosz has got to go.
Appointing Peter Bosz
Let's remember back to the summer. It wasn't Bosz whom Dortmund identified as their number one target. That was Lucien Favre, the former Hertha BSC and Borussia Mönchengladbach manager who led OGC Nice to a sensational third-place finish in Ligue 1 last season. A man with some personality quirks and less than amicable partings of ways in the Bundesliga before, but someone with a pedigree. When Nice blocked the move Favre was said to be more than keen on, and 1899 Hoffenheim's Julian Nagelsmann wasn't available, either, Dortmund settled on Bosz. In their one year at Ajax the 54-year-old had reached the UEFA Europa League final with a thrilling run in the competition that included eliminations of Olympique Lyon and Schalke. Bosz held talks with clubs, stating later that he'd have left Ajax after the season regardless of finding a new club or not, pointing at differences of opinion with the club's overly interfering directorial level. That Bosz, like Favre, is represented by Reza Fazeli, an agent with whom Dortmund have very good relations, probably played a factor. Going from Favre to Bosz, though, never made much sense if Dortmund were looking for a certain type of football from their new coach. Especially during their Bundesliga days, the Suisse coach counted on defending in a low block, not applying a huge amount of pressure on the opponent in possession. On the ball, their teams took their time instead of playing wave after wave of counter-attacks, leading them to complete a high percentage of passes and a good quality of shots. Dustin Ward has taken a closer look at Gladbach's numbers in this piece. Compare that deliberate approach to Bosz's pedal-to-the-metal style. Dortmund's high line has been discussed as a weak point ad nauseam. We've also talked about the team's issues to create high-probability scoring chances on the Podcast. Funnily enough, they had more problems in that area during the strong start to the season, in which they overperformed in terms of scoring from smaller chances, which would always result in a regression to the mean over the long term.
Midfield Marginalised
The biggest issue with Bosz's system — and it doesn't matter if nominally the team are set up in a 4-3-3, 4-2-3-1 or 3-4-3 — is how the midfield is marginalised. Julian Weigl attempted 14 passes in the Revierderby, only Yarmolenko had fewer attempts among starters. It's not a one-time occurrence, either, as Weigl is a shadow of their former self.
At their best, Weigl influences the game in a lot of subtle ways. He's never going to put up a lot of numbers on the stat sheets, but their assuredness in passing and possession allows Dortmund to dictate the rhythm of games, to recycle the ball in their ranks until opponents invariably give them an opening. Naturally, the player deserves some of the blame, and some of their problems can be attributed to a four-month injury layoff over the summer. However, Bosz has got to answer for their inability to build a team around one of their best players and clearly their best defensive midfielder. Asking them to push much higher up the pitch in their first few games back from the ankle injury, Bosz robbed Weigl of their biggest strengths. Still a young player, Weigl's confidence seems shot and even when allowed to play in their more natural habitat, the Germany international makes simple mistakes and never gets into their rhythm. Building a team around your best players is one of the easiest ways to success for any head coach at any level in any sport. The marginalisation of Weigl, as well as asking Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to contribute in the No. 10 space much more than the Gabonese has ever been comfortable with, indicate that Bosz either doesn't know how to do that or that he's not interested in adapting their ideas to the strengths of the team he's been given control over. Apart from Mario Götze and Nuri Sahin — and those two have come back from long-term or on-and-off absences — not a single player has gotten better under Bosz.
Crisis Management
Obviously, Dortmund have been in similarly dire situations before, even under Bosz's two predecessors. Tuchel's BVB wasn't much better for large stretches of the autumn of 2016, and Dortmund were in the relegation zone over the winter break of Klopp's last season. The difference: You never had the feeling that the guy on the sideline didn't have a clue of how to get out of the slump. It's probably unfair to compare a first-year head coach to Klopp, who had reached God-like status in Dortmund by the time their team forgot how to play football and pick up results. Funnily enough, the two men communicated the respective crises in a similar way, often failing to find an explanation other than “we stopped playing football in the second half” of the latest defeat — or 4-4 draw. Much like Bosz is doing now, Klopp called for perseverance in the hope that, eventually, the teams quality would be too big for them to keep failing. Given how Klopp had proved their style worked over many seasons and picking up two Bundesliga championships, a DFB-Pokal and a UEFA Champions League final berth, their words carried a lot more weight than those of Bosz, who's never won a trophy and is on their third job since January of 2016.
Second-Half Collapses
Perhaps the most damning account of Bosz's apparent shortcomings in charge of Dortmund are the collapses the team have suffered in second halves of an astounding number of games during the recent run of rotten results. Since September, Dortmund have won one second half, against third-division side Magdeburg in the cup. They've conceded 17 goals in the second halves of the other 11 games in that timeframe, including four against Schalke on Matchday 13. Bosz has been adamant that it's not a question of fitness, going as far as declaring their team are in a better physical state than at the start of the season. Without the required data on intensive runs, sprints and more, it's difficult to dispute the Dutchman's words with 100 per cent accuracy, but everyone who's watched the games will feel Bosz's reaching quite a bit. Going by the eye test, Dortmund have looked dead in the water after 60 minutes in many games, with dropping intensity levels leading to even sloppier defending than usual. The team's second-half collapses have also been informed by Bosz's in-game decisions. Often enough, Dortmund start well — take the Stuttgart and Schalke games as an example — only to be undone in the second half. Opposing coaches take a while to figure Dortmund out, make simple adjustments and Bosz seems unable to match with a countering move. He's been outcoached, badly, too many times.
Lack of Alternative Options
I could point to a number of other problem areas — take a look at Jens Schuster's timeline on Twitter for instance — but I think my point is clear. Peter Bosz should be relieved of their duties as head coach of Borussia Dortmund. However, right now the club would likely fire the coach for the sake of firing the coach. There's no viable alternative option available to them at the moment. Favre and Nagelsmann are still not free to leave their current clubs. Neither are half-baked solutions like Cologne's Peter Stöger or Eintracht Frankfurt's Niko Kovac. There's no way of knowing whether their clubs could be persuaded to let their coaches go for a fee. You don't want to be Everton, who fired Ronald Koeman only to find Watford unwilling to sell them Marco Silva for a world-record transfer fee for coaches. Seeing as Dortmund saw David Wagner, Hannes Wolf and Daniel Farke leave the club over the last two years, there's also no realistic internal option available. Both under-19 head coach Benjamin Hoffmann and under-23 head coach Jan Siewert have the required Fußballlehrer license to theoretically work as high as the Bundesliga, but they would be nothing more than absolute band-aid solutions in case results under Bosz get even worse. With only a short winter break coming up in Germany — the Bundesliga kicks off again on January 14 already — waiting for the culmination of the Hinrunde to give a new coach a fresh start could also be a problem, seeing as there will barely be two weeks of training between the holidays and the match against Wolfsburg on Matchday 18. In more ways than one, Dortmund are caught between a rock and a hard place. If there's a way out, I struggle to see how Peter Bosz can be a part of that.
Print-to-Web Codes: Coming to a Magazine Near You
But isn't a URL still easier?
Last month, a French magazine called Amusement announced that it had become the “first-ever magazine connected to the Internet”—linking a page in its magazine to the Web using RFID (“radio-frequency identification”) technology.
The process, however, was something out of a James Bond film—readers were instructed to bring the page near a specially-designed “RFID interrogator,” which was plugged into their computer's USB port. As we explained it: “The RFID-tagged page has a unique ID number, which is then scanned by the device, unlocking exclusive online content—in this case, games, videos and assorted digital applications.”
In other words, a pain in the ass for non-nerds.
Now comes the word that simpler print-to-Web technology—big in Japan—may be coming to U.S. magazines sooner than previously thought.
According to a post on PBS's Media Shift blog, QR codes—two-dimensional codes (like the one used as a Pet Shop Boys album cover, above right) embedded in print, scanned by Web-enabled camera phones—are starting to appear in European magazines. Once scanned, the phone's Web browser is pointed to a site with, presumably, additional buying information, special offers or exclusive content.
This development would seem to have serious potential over the asupervisorstioned French quarterly's complicated use of RFID.
But given my own Web-enabled phone's spotty coverage (hi AT&T!), the rise of URL shorteners and increasing ubiquity of texting—wouldn't a dedicated (and shortened) URL printed in a magazine or ad do the trick?
UPDATE: As a below commenter points out, U.S. magazines are already experimenting with print-to-Web codes. (FOLIO: even profiled one provider back in March.) What I meant to say (and I assume Media Shift meant too) is that QR codes and similar technology may be gaining traction in the U.S. market soon. They're already here.
Meet the Author
Firestone Walker's (Paso Robles, CA) popular Wookey Jack is now shipping in new 12-ounce four-pack format.
“The original 22-ounce Wookey Jack can be challenging for one person to take down, but at least you can see it coming,” said Brewmaster Matt Brynildson. “In contrast, the 12-ounce Wookey Jacks are easier to handle by themselves, but they are more likely to gang up on you.”
Wookey Jack is brewed with Malted Rye, Cara Rye to impart a spicy grain quality to the palate. The beer is dry hopped with Citra and Amarillo hops to balance the spice with a blast of citrus.
Style: Black IPA (w/ Rye)
Hops: Citra, Amarillo, German Magnum
Malts: Malts: Pale Malt, Malted Rye, Dash of Cara Rye, Midnight Wheat from Briess, De-Bittered Black Malt (sourced from Weyermann, Germany and Patagonia Malting, Chile), Dash of Wookey Dust
Availability: 22oz Bombers, Draft. 12oz Bottles (New)
8.3% ABV, 80 IBUS
ZEFS Residents of Saint Petersburg have reportedly torn down a giant interactive iPhone memorial that commemorated the death of Apple founder Steve Jobs after the company's current CEO, Tim Cook, came out as gay on Thursday.
Business FM Radio reports that the company that originally funded the memorial, ZEFS, decided to tear it down after Cook said they were proud to be gay.
Homophobia is rife in Russia, and many LGBT people living in the country have been subjected to harassment and violence.
The six-foot tall memorial was erected in 2013 to celebrate Steve Jobs' life. It featured a large screen that showcased moments from Jobs' life, as well as scrolling quotations from their speeches and a QR code on the back that would take people who scanned it to a website.
Reuters
Speaking in a press release sent to Russian media outlets, ZEFS chairperson Maxim Dolgopolov explained that the memorial was torn down for two reasons: Tim Cook coming out as gay and Edward Snowden's revelations about NSA spying. (Snowden's documents suggest Apple products were used by the NSA to conduct surveillance.) They didn't rule out reinstalling the memorial, however, but said that it would only return if it could be modified to instruct Russian citizens to use products from companies other than Apple.
