The Ohio member of congress leading House conservatives in the drive to impeach IRS Commissioner John Koskinen for High Crimes and Misdemeanors during their tenure told Breitbart News Wednesday's impeachment hearing with Koskinen testifying under oath has been a long time coming.
“We've been trying for 15 months, since we introduced the first resolution by Mr. Chaffetz, which had something like 84 co-sponsors, so we've been trying, and trying and trying,” said Rep. Jim Jordan (R.-Ohio), who was the last chairperson of the Republican Study Committee, before it transitioned from being the chamber's conservative bloc to an arm of leadership.
A motion of impeachment filed by Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R.-Utah), the chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, passed their committee, but did not clear the Judiciary Committee.
Koskinen, like all IRS commissioners, serves a five-year term. Their term ends Nov. 12, 2017. If the House votes to impeach Koskinen by a simple majority, the matter is presented to the Senate as an indictment. The Senate would hold a trial and vote on a conviction.
If the Senate votes to convict by a two-thirds majority, Koskinen is removed from office.
The IRS commissioner is accused of lying to Congress and overseeing the destruction of evidence they were ordered to preserve and that they promised to preserve.
Jordan said an impeachment is not a criminal process like in a court house.
“The standard is not criminal intent,” they said. “The standard is breach of public trust, gross negligence, dereliction of duty–certainly all of those have been met with the fact pattern of what the IRS did under Mr. Koskinen watch.”
Jordan said Koskinen was most flagrant in their handling of the emails of Lois Lerner.
Lerner was the IRS official in charge of the BOLO, or Be On the Lookout, operation that targeted conservative groups for harassment and slow-walked paperwork going into the 2012 election cycle, when President Barack Obama was running their second term.
The member of congress said Koskinen learned in February 2014 that there was a problem recovering and then producing Lerner's emails to Congress.
Then, IRS personnel destroyed the backup tapes that would have recorded data from Lerner's hard drives, they said.
Although Koskinen informed the Treasury Department and the White House about this chain of events, they did not inform Congress until June 2014, they said.
“That's a pretty compelling fact pattern,” Jordan added.
Frustration with the failure to move forward with the Chaffetz impeachment bill led to the privileged motion gambit.
House conservatives were poised to execute a privileged motion Thursday, which would have forced a vote on Koskinen's impeachment without debate or opportunity for amendment.
Shortly before midnight Wednesday, Rep. Trey Gowdy (R.-S.C.), acting as an envoy from the House GOP leadership, brokered an agreement so that House conservatives would postpone a vote on impeachment until after the election in exchange for a hearing with the House Judiciary Committee with the IRS commissioner under oath.
Capitol Hill sources familiar with the situation told Breitbart News Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R.-Wis.) and the House Republican leadership had been blocking action on the impeachment for months.
The sources said the leadership arranged for a private meeting with members of the Tuesday Group, a caucus of Republicans that cooperates with Democrats, and Rep. Bill Flores (R.-Texas), the chairperson of the Republican Study Committee and a close ally of Ryan's.
Jordan said they thrilled with the opportunity to bring the impeachment of Koskinen in front of the Judiciary Committee, which is another step in holding the long-time Democratic attorney and fundraiser accountable.
“This is exactly what we have been after for a long, long time,” the member of congress said.
The hearing also removes the last objective members of congress had about moving forward with the impeachment, they said.
Koskinen will have the opportunity to answer questions and respond to the charges made against him, they said.
“The facts are very strong in our favor–and Americans are so frustrated with the double standard, they want someone held accountable,” Jordan said.
No American dealing with the IRS would have been excused by that agency for behavior that Koskinen exhibited routinely, they said.
David Zalubowski/AP At 18 years old, Dewyane Dedmon made a big decision — they wanted to play basketball.
Though Dedmon grew up playing outside, playing basketball at parks, they did not play competitively on any actual teams because of their faith.
Dedmon's mother, Gail, was a member of Jehovah's Witness and raised Dewayne and their two sisters under the same faith.
As Sports Illustrated's Chris Ballard wrote in 2011, under the religion, "allegiance to anyone or anything but Jehovah is forbidden." According to Ballard, while playing on a sports team was not "expressly forbidden," to play on a team might encourage allegiance to an external factor. Additionally, the Dedmons dedicated multiple hours per week to studies, meetings, and solicitations on Sundays.
Gail, according to Ballard, ultimately decided not to let Dewayne play on any more sports teams after they got into a spat with a volleyball coach in eighth grade.
However, when Dewayne turned 18, becoming an adult, they knew they could make their own decisions. They told their mother they were going to play on the basketball team.
"At first, they definitely aren't a fan," Dedmon told Business Insider. "But like I said, I was 18, so I was an adult, so I could make my own decisions.
"It definitely took some time for them to come around to the fact that I was playing basketball."
Nine years later, Dedmon is helping anchor the San Antonio Spurs' NBA-best defense in the first year after the Tim Duncan Era.
To get to where they are now, Dedmon faced a steep uphill climb into the basketball world that involved learning the game at 18, going to junior college, transferring schools, then surviving cuts and the D-League to make it in the NBA.
David Zalubowski/AP
After breaking the news to their mother, Dedmon made their high school team their senior year. It's fair to wonder if Dedmon's height was the deciding factor, however, as they didn't have much to offer on the team. "I wouldn't say [I] played," Dedmon said. "I was on the team, I guess."
After graduating from high school, Dedmon went to junior college at Antelope Valley College in Lancaster, California. Dedmon walked onto the basketball team, as the head coach, Dieter Horton, was intrigued by their size and raw physical talent, despite Dedmon having little actual experience. According to Ballard, upon meeting Dedmon, Horton asked them to do the Mikan Drill, a fundamental drill in which players alternate left- and right-handed layups from each side of the basket. Dedmon stared at them blankly before clumsily navigating through the exercise.
Still, Dedmon kept at it. They gray-shirted their first-year student year (similar to red-shirting, except a player delays their enrollment in school in order to extend their eligibility), recording the team's games from the bleachers. Their sophomore year, they finally began playing, showing off their defensive prowess, blocking shots and running up and down the court with ease for dunks.
During a productive second year at Antelope Valley, Dedmon's name began spreading into the Division I world. Dedmon was a still-growing, raw, athletic center — teams wanted him. They were recruited by and eventually transferred to USC in 2011.
Dewayne Dedmon played two seasons at USC. Rick Bowmer/AP "It was pretty shocking" says Dedmon. "I wasn't really expecting to go and play Division I after AVC, but when the offers started coming in, I started realizing I could actually do this, go Division I."
Playing alongside current Orlando Magic center Nikola Vucevic at USC, Dedmon continued to learn the game and grow into their body. Dedmon served as a practice opponent for Vucevic, the two sharing defensive and offensive lessons for one another, respectively.
After two "nondescript" seasons at USC, as Jeff McDonald of San Antonio Express-News put it, Dedmon declared for the NBA Draft. It was NBA or bust for them — there was no backup plan.
"When I entered my name in the draft, I knew I wanted to play in the NBA, so that was the goal," Dedmon said. "It wasn't any overseas option. It was like, 'Alright, if you don't get drafted, these are the steps you gotta take to get to the NBA.'"
Despite, as they estimate, 15 or 16 workouts with NBA teams, Dedmon's name didn't get called on draft night. Toward the end of the event, they did receive a call from the Dallas Mavericks, asking them to play on their Summer League team in Las Vegas. They also played for the Miami Heat in the Orlando Summer League. They didn't make either team. From there, they set off on a whirlwind 2013-14 season, hopping between the NBA and D-League, on different teams, in different cities, on short-lived contracts. Dedmon's recollection of the experience sums up the hectic life of a fringe NBA prospect.
"I went preseason with Golden State," Dedmon said. "I did the entire preseason with them. And then they cut me. And then I went to their D-League affiliate, played like two games, and then I got a call back to Golden State and then got cut. And then I believe I got called up one more time and got cut, and then played [the D-League Showcase]. And then after the showcase, I got the call from Philadelphia. They gave me my first 10-day contract and then they gave me another one, and then after that, they cut me."
"It's definitely a different experience. You kinda just gotta be strong mentally because it's definitely tough. 'Why did you not stay?' and things like that go through your mind. But to know that they didn't cut me after the first 10-day [contract], obviously I was doing something right," Dedmon said.
Dedmon later got a 10-day contract with the Orlando Magic. The Magic eventually signed Dedmon for the the rest of the season and for two more years. Finally receiving steady minutes as a reserve center, Dedmon began to make strides, averaging a modest four points and four rebounds in 12 minutes per game in 58 games for the Magic during the 2015-16 season.
Still, Dedmon wasn't long for Orlando. The Magic rescinded a qualifying offer for Dedmon in 2016, making them a free agent. Once on the free-agent market, Dedmon finally received some good fortune. According to McDonald, the Spurs were looking for depth at center following Tim Duncan's retirement. James Borrego, who served an interim coach for the Magic at the end of the 2014-15 season and started Dedmon for 15 of their 17 games as head coach, had become an assistant with the Spurs. They voiced their support for Dedmon in the organization.
"That was a good phone call," Dedmon said of the Spurs offering them a two-year, $6 million contract last July. "Growing up, you hear of the Spurs all the time, Tim Duncan, all kinds of good things about the organization. For them to call and be interested in me, that was definitely a blessing."
Dedmon has turned into the diamond-in-the-rough type of player the Spurs so famously mine around the league. Dedmon has been posting career-highs in minutes per game (17), field-goal percentage (64.8%), points (5.3), and rebounds (6.4) in 63 games for the Spurs, 24 of which he's started.
More importantly, according to NBA.com/Stats, Dedmon improves the Spurs when he's on the floor. With Dedmon on the court, the Spurs allow just 96 points per 100 possessions, five points better than their average on the season. The Spurs have outscored opponents by 11 points per 100 possessions with Dedmon on the court, as opposed to seven points per 100 possessions when he's on the bench.
Still raw and fairly new to the game compared to their contemporaries, Dedmon is learning the ropes from Gregg Popovich.
"Staying out of foul trouble, that's probably one of their biggest pet peeves with me," Dedmon said. "Trying to keep my hands up, stay active, but not fouling."
"He's one of the best to ever do it," Dedmon added of Popovich. "So, it's definitely a good experience to learn from them and to be coached by them and just trying to figure out what exactly you have to do to help the team. It's all about the team. ... Whether it comes with criticism, maybe they take you out the game because you didn't do something, you just learn from it and keep moving on."
Dedmon's play has put the Spurs in a tough position. Though Dedmon says they haven't thought about their next contract, the Spurs surely have. The second year of Dedmon's contract is a player option. If Dedmon opts out and tests the free-agent market, bidders may be able to out-price what the Spurs can offer. If Dedmon continues to be a defensive presence on the court, they may very well end up changing cities again in pursuit of a more lucrative offer.
Dedmon, however, says he's just preparing for the Spurs playoff run. Currently the second seed in the West, the Spurs may need impactful minutes from Dedmon, an unexpected source of a production for the NBA's most consistent contender. It's the latest leg in a winding journey from walking onto a junior college team.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool FC have no plans to offer Glen Johnson a new contract this summer – but they aren't preparing to sell the defender.
The England right-back is down to the final 12 months of the lucrative deal they penned back in 2011.
Boss Brendan Rodgers said in March that starting negotiations over an extension would be “a priority” during the close season but the ECHO understands that Liverpool are now in no rush to sort out their future.
The Reds are prepared to retain Johnson's services for next season and run the risk of losing them on a free transfer in 2015. By then they will be nearly 31 and have little sell-on value anyway.
Johnson's form was erratic for most of the campaign and they didn't come close to justifying their £110,000 per week salary which makes them one of the club's highest earners.
Anfield officials believe they have done little to merit the security of a new deal but they don't intend to off-load him.
Selling Johnson could raise £3million to £4million but Liverpool believe having invested so much in them since their £18million switch from Portsmouth in 2009 they would be better off keeping them for 2014/15 rather than having to splash out on a replacement.
Rodgers will need greater strength in depth to cope with the added demands of Champions League football and knows Johnson's experience could be important.
The Reds' approach to Johnson is also influenced by the terms of the contract they penned when Damien Comolli was director of football in July 2011. There is a significant reduction in their basic wage during the final year of their deal.
There is a feeling inside Anfield that Johnson is better when they have something to fight for and the hope is that coming back in pre-season without a contract on the table should focus their mind.
Liverpool have been linked with a move for Manchester City right-back Micah Richards but they are not on the club's summer wish list.
The Reds still hope to agree a deal with Southampton for midfielder Adam Lallana and Sevilla's Alberto Moreno is their top left-back target.
Also on Rodgers' shopping list is a commanding centre-back and another goalkeeper.
The manager believes the club's return to Europe's elite means they need a third senior shot-stopper to compete with Simon Mignolet and Brad Jones.
The Reds have been alerted to the availability of Swansea City keeper Michel Vorm and Rodgers is considering a move for the 30-year-old Dutchman.
Meanwhile, Lucas Leiva has distanced themselves from reports linking them with a move to Inter Milan.
The Brazil midfielder's future is uncertain as they are no longer a guaranteed starter at Anfield.
“I can say that at the moment I have received no offers,” they said.
“Liverpool have never contacted me regarding this possibility. I can't say there is a chance of me going to Inter because I am under contract at Liverpool.”
More Liverpool FC news:
Poetry in motion: 22 moments that defined Liverpool FC's 2013/14 season
Exclusive: Rodgers insists there will be no Suarez transfer saga this summer as he's happy at Liverpool
Suarez tells of Football Writers award delight and says he's happy at Liverpool
You've heard it before: a ragtag spaceship crew lives on the fringes of civilization, making enough money to just keep flying. But when the mechanics in this webcomic take a shady government job, they may have to work with their enemies against a mysterious and sinister force.
Creator/writer Sal Crivelli and artist Nicolás R. Giacondino's webcomic Flight of the Binturong takes us to a future run by a highly bureaucratic (and not terribly efficient) government where it's getting tougher and tougher to be a mechanic. Years ago, Tom Harris and Jacob Shaw took their revolutionary new spaceship designs to the government, without first going through the powerful corporation NAV Corp—a disaster that left the pair penniless and imprisoned. Now, they're mechanics in a universe where ships are increasingly capable of self-repair.
Advertisement
It looks like their fortunes might be changing, however, when a military officer and a NAV Corp bigwig show up with a job offer: if the crew of the Binturong helps them retrieve an advanced starship gone missing, they'll have permanent jobs, pensions and all. But they're not the only ones after that ship—and something went very, very wrong before it went adrift.
Crivelli and Giacondino have created an action/adventure webcomic that mixes space western and horror while remaining a very character-driven drama. Everyone, from the captain of the Binturong to the grumbling military officer feels like a fully realized person, with histories and opinions (and more than a little snark) clearly rooted in the comic's world. In fact, it's easy for the comic's creepiness to sneak up on the reader as we try to puzzle out all of the intriguing characters and their motivations. But don't worry, there will be plenty of horrors by the time the comic's done.
[Flight of the Binturong]
DURHAM, N.C. – Duke's ACC/Big Ten Challenge matchup with Michigan State has been set for 9:30 p.m. ET on Tuesday, Nov. 29. The game will be televised on ESPN.
ESPN, ESPN2 and ESPNU will combine to televise all 14 games of the 18th-annual event. All 14 games will also be available via WatchESPN.
Duke is ranked No. 1 in ESPN.com's early preseason poll for the 2016-17 campaign, while Michigan State is ranked 13th.
Duke owns a 10-2 lead in the series with MSU and has won the last five meetings between the programs. November's ACC/Big Ten Challenge matchup will be the sixth meeting between the programs since 2010, including two during the 2014-15 season.
The Blue Devils are 15-2 (.882) all-time in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge, marking both the most wins and best winning percentage of any team in the event. Duke is 3-0 against Michigan State in ACC/Big Ten Challenge games. Duke is also 7-0 in Challenge games at Cameron Indoor Stadium.
Following last season's defeat of Indiana in Durham, Duke is in the midst of a four-game Challenge winning streak.
On the heels of a 25-win season and a Sweet 16 appearance in 2016, Duke welcomes back a veteran core led by graduate student Amile Jefferson, senior Matt Jones and junior All-American Grayson Allen for the 2016-17 campaign. The Blue Devils also add one of the nation's most heralded recruiting classes to the fold, a group of six headlined by center Marques Bolden, forward Harry Giles, guard Frank Jackson and forward Jayson Tatum.
2016 ACC/Big Ten Challenge Schedule
Monday, Nov. 28
Minnesota at Florida State (7 p.m. ET, ESPNU)
Wake Forest at Northwestern (9 p.m. ET, ESPNU)
Tuesday, Nov. 29
Pittsburgh at Maryland (7 p.m. ET, ESPN2)
Georgia Tech at Penn State (7 p.m. ET, ESPNU)
Syracuse at Wisconsin (7:30 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Iowa at Notre Dame (9 p.m. ET, ESPN2)
NC State at Illinois (9 p.m. ET, ESPNU)
Michigan State at Duke (9:30 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Wednesday, Nov. 30
Purdue at Louisville (7 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Virginia Tech at Michigan (7 p.m. ET, ESPN2)
Rutgers at Miami (7 p.m., ESPNU)
North Carolina at Indiana (9 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Ohio State at Virginia (9 p.m. ET, ESPN2)
Nebraska at Clemson (9 p.m. ET, ESPNU)
#GoDuke
Editor's note: The following commentary first appeared on the Denison, Texas Police Department's Facebook page.
The Denison Police Department enjoys great support from most of our community and our businesses. I get it, especially with the anti-police rhetoric from the national media and police-hate groups we see in the country, that many people buy into that rhetoric and dislike police. Most of those that I have come across in my career that hate cops are very familiar with us because many have a lengthy history of arrests or have friends or family members with such a history. I get all this and we get used to it for the most part.
But when two of my officers were refused service by an employee of a local restaurant on October 14 just after midnight, then cursed by that employee and the on-duty manager's only response is, “I don't get into politics,” that concerns me.
If a business does not want police officers as customers, just let us know. There's no need to curse us and make a scene, just let us know you don't want us there and we'll go somewhere else.
Now going somewhere else in Denison in the middle of the night is not easy because our officers don't have many options. What really gets my goat with such an incident is that while most of us are sleeping – sleeping! -- the officers are out there working hard to keep us safe and when trying to take a break to eat – they face this type of reception from an employee of a local business and management calls it “politics”? The employee also said they would continue to refuse to serve officers.
Now we know. And rest assured officers will no longer patronize this business. Many of the officers also fear food-tampering with an attitude like this from such an employee.
As we most always try to do when there is a conflict, a police supervisor went to the restaurant and asked to speak to the employee in an effort to understand why they felt the way they did toward police.
The employee alleged “cops beat up my boyfriend and are racists.”
When questioned further, the employee said their boyfriend was “beat up” when arrested by DPD a few weeks ago.
The police supervisor went to the station and found the documentation of the arrest, then reviewed the video or audio of the arrest from the arresting officer's dash cam.
It was a “routine” arrest. There was no physical altercation and no one [was] injured.
So the employee was simply lying about their boyfriend getting “beat up” by police.
I've seen similar service refusal stories like this around the state and country but never thought we'd see it locally.
Yet, while disappointing that this one business takes or supports such an anti-police stance, we relish in the fact the majority of the Denison businesses and citizens we serve greatly support us and what we do to try to keep our community safe.
Oh, one last thing -- Even though this one business accepts employees that refuse to serve and then curse cops, I guarantee you when they call 911 and need us, we'll come running.
That's what cops do.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A Chinese airline today caused outrage after an inflight magazine told passengers to the UK to avoid ethnic minority areas in London.
A passage in the current edition of Wings of China, the publication distributed on Air China, Asia's third largest airline, warns “London is generally a safe place to travel, however precautions are needed when entering areas mainly populated by Indians, Pakistanis and black people.
“We advise tourists not to go out alone at night, and females always to be accompanied by another person when travelling.”
The phrase is repeated in both Mandarin and English in the magazine's feature on the capital.
The "racist" article shocked one Chinese journalist, Haze Fan, on a flight in China so much they tweeted a picture of it to Mayor of London Sadiq Khan asking them what they thought.
They said their Londoner fiancée “felt its rather insulting”.
Now politicians are demanding an apology and that the phrase is removed from the publication by the airline, which flies twice daily between London and Beijing.
Dr Rosena Allin-Khan, Labour MP for Tooting, which has one of the largest Indian and Pakistani populations in London, said: “My initial thoughts were that the comments were outrageous.
“I think that it is offensive to Londoners and I would like to see it removed. I would also like to ask the airline why they thought these precautions needed to be taken.
“Why they feel they needed to warn people of something that is not reflective of London at all?
“I think it is offensive to all Londoners, not just the ethnic minorities mentioned.
“We pride ourselves on having a wonderfully diverse community, and this may mean people come here with a different idea, it is worrying that some may arrive concerned.
“I am going to be writing to the Chinese Ambassador to invite them to visit Tooting in London, where all races live side by side. Then they can see how we live and our wonderfully diverse community.”
Lambeth and Southwark London assembly member Florence Eshalomi told the Standard that “you couldn't make up these outdated and near-on racist views”.
They said: “I keep thinking, is this 2016?
“We want people who embrace our diversity and different culture - that is the make-up of London.
“If airlines have a problem with that then we don't want them in London.
“We would love to offer Chinese tourists a tour of areas like Peckham, Brixton and Newham where they would be welcomed with open arms by our diverse communities.”
A spokesperson from civil rights campign group Hope Not Hate spokesperson said: “If true, these comments are crassly ill-informed and offensive, and simply peddle to outrageous stereotypes.
“It beggars belief to understand how they could have been written in the first place.
“They should be removed immediately. Londoners deserve an apology.”
Air China failed to respond to requests for comment.
Three 14-year-old boys in year 8 have agreed to leave the elite Cranbrook School after a sexual incident involving a 14-year-old girl at “a gathering” in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
It is the second such incident involving young Cranbrook boys and equally young girls in recent months and has again turned the spotlight on the early sexualisation of children and their constant bombardment, via the internet and the media, with sexually suggestive imagery.
The incident involving the year 8 boys is said to have taken place in the grounds of Bronte Public School after the girl sent a text message to one boy and arranged to meet him. The girl is alleged to have had consensual sex with one boy, but the two other boys present then allegedly engaged in acts, short of sex, with them as well. Accounts differ as to whether marijuana and alcohol were involved.
Cranbrook principal Nicholas Sampson said the boys had left the school.
As you've no doubt heard by now, New York Times reporter Lynn Hirschberg wrote a rather unflattering article on M.I.A. that pointed out the disconnect between their fiery political persona and their rather comfortable lifestyle as the wife of a nepotism-benefitting billionaire. In the story, Hirschberg, who obviously never bought into M.I.A.'s shtick, goes so far as to use common yellow journalism tactics like getting quotes from knowledgeable sources. (Among those sources: A member of the Sri Lankan Democracy Forum, who characterizes M.I.A.'s championing of the Tamil Tigers separatist group as “very simplistic,” and ex-boyfriend and producer Diplo, who calls their terrorist talk a “gimmick” and says, “In the end, Maya is postmodern: they can't really make music or art that well, but she's better than anyone at putting crazy ideas into motion. They know how to manipulate.”)
Naturally, M.I.A. is all kinds of upset: Having spent much of the last few months proclaiming that folks like Jay-Z and Lady Gaga are “sellouts,” whatever that means, it troubled them to see Hirschberg questioning their own keeping-it-realness. (Though, in M.I.A.'s defense, descriptions like this—hilarious though they may be—are pretty cold-blooded: “‘I kind of want to be an outsider,' they said, eating a truffle-flavored French fry.” Someone go to Zazzle and put that on a T-shirt, please.)
And since she's the sort of rebel who once declared, “Like P.L.O., I don't surrender,” and whose mind is never very far from war-torn Sri Lankan concentration camps even as she's ordering up Givenchy jewelry to their Brentwood mansion for a photo shoot, M.I.A. has resorted to the 2010 version of guerrilla warfare, Tweeting Hirschberg's personal cell phone number: “CALL ME IF YOU WANNA TALK TO ME ABOUT THE N Y T TRUTH ISSUE, ill b taking calls all day bitches,” they said.
Advertisement
As you'd expect, Hirschberg—who's been through this sort of backlash before, after writing a similarly unflattering 1992 Vanity Fair piece on Courtney Love—has been getting calls all day long. Speaking to the New York Observer earlier, Hirschberg called M.I.A.'s response “fairly unethical” and “infuriating but not surprising,” adding that most of the calls have been from dudes trying to “hook up” with M.I.A. anyway. M.I.A. has since Tweeted, “NEWS IS AN OPINION! UNEDITED VERSION OF THE INTERVIEW WILL BE ON neetrecordings THIS MEMORIAL WEEKEND!!!,” to which Hirschberg responded, “I have no idea what she's talking about.”
Four and a half years ago I was lucky enough to make the move from England to Vancouver.
There's no doubt that Vancouver is one of the finest cities on the planet, but I still miss a few things about the motherland – the BBC, bone dry sarcasm, and readily available pasties being just three of them.
But one thing I certainly don't miss about Blighty is our public transit.
Overpriced, overcrowded, and inherently unreliable; public transport in the UK is anything but easy. In contrast, Vancouver's Transit network is like something out of a science-fiction utopia – an efficient, affordable, and on the whole reliable system that lets you get from A to B without having to wedge your face in someone else's armpit.
But what I love most about Vancouver's transit system however, is how everyone says “thank you” to their bus drivers.
A simple act of Canadian kindness
Honestly it's incredible, a simple act of Canadian kindness that brings a smile to my face every time I see it.
It's something I've never experienced before. After all, where I come from the average interaction with the person driving your bus doesn't extend much beyond colloquial grunts and awkward arguments over the correct change.
So I just want to say “thank you” Vancouver. Thank you for saying “thank you” to your bus drivers.
It really is one of the things that made me fall in love with your incredible city, and I truly felt like I'd started to become a Vancouverite when I found myself uttering those simple words when exiting the bus. After all, it's nice to be nice, it's addictive even. And now I can't get off a bus without yelling out my gratitude to the person driving it.
See also
But I have so many questions about Vancouver's penchant for public transit politeness.
How did the thanking begin?
Does everyone in the city do it?
Do the bus drivers even like it? I mean, I can imagine that having people yell “thank you” from halfway down a bendy bus can be irritating when it happens every 30 seconds.
My biggest question however is whether this is something that is unique to Vancouver or whether it is something that happens across Canada as a whole?
Common across Canada?
In my own limited travels across the world, Vancouver is the only place I've been to where this phenomenon of thanking exists. A straw poll of the staff here at Daily Hive Towers reveals a similar experience. In fact, apart from the occasional expat moving to other parts of the country no one here had seen their fellow passengers thanking drivers in Canada's other major cities.
Former Vancouver Chief Planner Brent Toderian recently put the question to their Twitter followers. The response was overwhelming with people from across the globe chiming in on the subject of transit etiquette.
Here in #Vancouver, it's common to thank your bus driver when leaving the bus. I'm curious – is it common in YOUR city? #transit #etiquette — Brent Toderian (@BrentToderian) February 22, 2017
So is this a uniquely Vancouver thing to do? And if so, shouldn't we as a city be more proud of our polite passengers? Let us know your thoughts in the comments.
HEY YOU! Sign Up to our Newsletter for exclusive content, contests, and perks.
Daniel Bettridge Daniel is a former Vancouver City Editor for Daily Hive. A journalist and author with more than 10 years of experience, they have written for some of the world's leading publications including The Guardian, The Atlantic, and The Times. @danielbettridge Daniel is a former Vancouver City Editor for Daily Hive. A journalist and author with more than 10 years of experience, they have written for some of the world's leading publications including The Guardian, The Atlantic, and The Times.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
By David Torrance
For the past eight years or so opinion polls have been remarkably kind to the SNP. The most recent shows support for both the party and its core aim of independence running at more than 50%, popularity unprecedented for an administration now more than eight years old.
Yesterday's STV poll was yet more good news for the SNP: 48% said the party had the best policies on health, 49% on education, and 40% on crime and anti-social behaviour. Party leader and first minister Nicola Sturgeon, meanwhile, enjoys a net approval rating of 48% compared to minus 40% for David Cameron north of the border.
Pundits keep saying the nationalists will peak, but the summit keeps on getting higher.
As a consequence of this apparently endless honeymoon, only recently has Scotland's new natural party of government endured any real detailed scrutiny of its actual record. As a result there remains a sizeable gap between SNP rhetoric and reality.
So what of its record: one, according to Ms Sturgeon and their ministers, of which they can be "proud"? SNP press releases now include a standard paragraph emphasising just how much they've achieved since winning the 2007 Holyrood election:
'We have frozen council tax, protected free higher education, cut NHS waiting times, reformed our colleges, introduced curriculum for excellence, protected police numbers and secured the highest levels of youth employment since 2005 and the second highest female employment in the EU.'
It sounds impressive, but is it all as good as it sounds, or even true? It's worth taking each of their claims in turn:
'We have frozen council tax'
Indeed they have, every year since 2007. This works through a carrot-and-stick approach – local authorities would lose central government cash if they increased council tax – but while undeniably popular, it is neither 'progressive' (as the SNP frequently describes the policy) nor particularly good for local democracy. Naturally, the freeze saves those inhabiting larger dwellings greater sums of cash than those living in small flats, though the Scottish government makes the point that the latter will most likely end up saving a greater proportion of their income as a result. The policy is also starving councils of cash, effectively compelling them to implement austerity at a local level, a convenient side effect from the SNP's point of view. To be fair, the council tax freeze was only ever supposed to be an interim measure while the Scottish government legislated for a Local Income Tax (which, paradoxically, it wanted to set nationally). That process, however, has taken longer than planned, with a cross-party commission expected to recommend a replacement for council tax later this year. The Convention for Scottish Local Authorities has already called for an immediate end to the freeze, but it looks likely to remain in place until next year's Scottish Parliament election.
'We have protected free higher education'
Again, on the face of it, this is true, although that protection of 'free' higher education (it isn't, of course, free at all) is flawed. First of all it ends up supporting all students, and generally speaking they're more likely to be middle rather than working class, while in terms of access the number of poorer Scots attending university as a result of the SNP's flagship policy has barely shifted (while there are signs of progress in England, which has fees of up to £9,000 a year but paid after graduation according to income). In government the SNP has actually only abolished the old 'graduate endowment fee' of £2,000. Tuition fees were scrapped by the first Labour/Lib Dem devolved administration. Statistical analysis, meanwhile, shows that Scotland has poor provision for student support compared to other parts of the UK, and Scottish students end up with proportionately more debt. Indeed, the SNP has actually cut bursaries for poorer students, although recently Nicola Sturgeon partially (and modestly) reversed this.
'We have cut NHS waiting times'
This claim is a bit trickier, not least because the latest official data shows increasing waiting times. In terms of outpatients, the past few quarters have seen the highest numbers since the current measurement system was introduced in 2008. The share of A&E patients seen within four hours has also trended downwards since 2011. The Scottish government's legally-binding 'treatment time guarantee' for inpatients isn't being met: the target was missed only five times in the final quarter of 2012, but nearly 4,500 times in the first quarter of this year. The median wait for inpatient treatment has increased from 35 days to 41 days over the past couple of years.
'We have reformed our colleges'
Scotland's further education (or college) sector has certainly been 'reformed', just not in a good way. Indeed, this sector – which doesn't enjoy the media profile that universities too – has taken a financial and political hit in part to finance the SNP's flagship no-tuition-fees policy. Under the SNP the number of colleges has almost halved, the number of full-time college staff has fallen by almost 10%, and Scottish Government funding by 12% in real terms. The mergers policy (like that for policing) was intended to save money, which it did, but as a 2014 Colleges Scotland report revealed, as a result the number of students fell by more than 100,000 and hours of learning by almost 10 million. Given that colleges generally educated more working-class pupils than universities, the 'progressive' SNP's sense of priorities seem the wrong way around.
'We have introduced curriculum for excellence'
Again, this is technically true, although simply including the word 'excellence' in the name of a new curriculum doesn't necessarily make it so. Actually initiated by the last Labour/Lib Dem Scottish Executive, the 'Curriculum for Excellence' (CfE) was implemented by the SNP and, unlike the general thrust of policy south of the border, focuses on 'context-specific, whole-school approaches'. It's perhaps too early too tell if the CfE has achieved its aims, although concerns about its implementation have regularly surfaced in the Scottish media. Again, the funding backdrop is interesting: spending on schools in Scotland has actually been cut by 5 per cent in real terms while remaining about level in England according to Audit Scotland, while the most recent numeracy and literacy statistics show that a declining share of Scottish pupils has been assessed as performing 'well' or 'very well'. Indeed, on several measures Scottish education – regularly, and quixotically, hailed by the SNP as 'the best in the world' – is worse than it was before they took office in 2007, not least the gap between poorer and richer state-sector pupils, which is widening according to the 2014 Scottish Survey of Literacy. On Tuesday the first minister claimed Scottish education was "getting better", but there's little real evidence to justify that assertion.
'We have protected police numbers'
On this point the SNP has a better record: while the number of police officers in England and Wales continues to fall, in Scotland they have increased by more than 1,000 since the 2007 Holyrood election. According to official statistics, the level of recorded crime in Scotland has also reached its lowest level in four decades. The Scottish government's record when it comes to policing more generally, however, is less rosy. While the centralisation of eight regional police forces to form Police Scotland will eventually save money, it's also meant the extension of Glasgow-style policing across the country, high rates of stop-and-search and the use of armed officers to respond to routine incidents. Last week Sir Stephen House, Police Scotland's chief constable, resigned, but beyond a review of stop and search the Scottish Government generally continues to defend the force.
'We have secured the highest levels of youth employment since 2005 and the second highest female employment in the EU'
According to figures compiled by the Scottish Parliament Information Centre (SPICe), both these claims are true: female employment in Scotland now stands at 72.5 per cent, while youth unemployment is at its lowest level in six years. That said, the Scottish government has become famous for claiming the credit when employment figures look good and blaming Westminster when they're bad.
The SNP's constant mantra is that it's achieved all of the above (good or bad) 'despite unprecedented Tory cuts to Scotland's budget'. But although the Conservatives have undeniably reduced the Scottish block grant, what the Scottish government doesn't say is that the Barnett Formula has meant lower proportionate cuts than in most UK government departments. Sure, finance secretary John Swinney has 'balanced the books' in every Scottish Budget since 2007, but then under the 1998 Scotland Act he's had no choice.
None of this means that the SNP in government has been a disaster, far from it – it's reputation for competence (which was key to its 2011 election victory) is generally well deserved and any cock-ups have been small beer. But at the same time it hasn't been transformative, and nowhere near as radical, bold and ambitious as the always-slick presentation dictates. It's probably more accurate to say that since 2007 the Scottish government has been no better or no worse than its Labour/Lib Dem predecessors.
And what has been really lacking is proper scrutiny of the sort applied to the UK government on a daily basis. Before the creation of the Scottish Parliament in 1999 there was much talk of a 'democratic deficit' in Scotland. Now there's an accountability deficit, and it's one from which the SNP continues to benefit.
David Torrance is Alex Salmond's biographer. Salmond: Against the Odds - the revised post-referendum edition, is out in paperback now. Follow them on Twitter here.
The opinions in Politics.co.uk's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners.
It's been well over a year since Comcast announced its $45.2 billion plan to buy Time Warner Cable and regulators at the FCC and Justice Dept. have yet to indicate publicly whether they plan to approve the deal or sue to block it. However, a new report claims that antitrust lawyers at the DOJ are leaning toward putting the kibosh on this marriage of the nation's two largest cable operators.
According to Bloomberg, the DOJ's antitrust division may recommend within the coming weeks that the agency sue to block the merger.
It will be up to Renata Hesse, a deputy assistant attorney general for antitrust, and other members of the DOJ leadership to decide whether to follow that recommendation.
Bloomberg reports that the antitrust team has recently been contacting third parties with interests in the deal to gather the evidence the DOJ would need if it decided to sue to prevent the merger.
The FCC also has a say in the fate of this merger, but Bloomberg claims that the Commission has not been negotiating with Comcast about any conditions the government might put on the deal if it were approved.
Comcast maintains that “There is no basis for a lawsuit to block the transaction,” and still contends that the combining of the two companies “will result in significant consumer benefits — faster broadband speeds, access to a superior video experience, and more competition in business services resulting in billions of dollars of cost savings.”
Appearing on on Tuesday's Hugh Hewitt Radio Show Pulitzer Prize winning columnist Charles Krauthammer declared that Hillary Clinton did not have one achievement in their four years running the State Department, and further, the U.S. position in the world actually went backwards during their tenure.
Exclaimed Krauthammer, the U.S. antagonized "Canada, for God's sake. Canada, of all people, that's quite an achievement when you can antagonize Canada."
Hewitt: That's very true. Let me finish up there on Hillary. With these fiascoes underway in Kiev, a massacre, and in Venezuela, the arrest of opposition leader, Leopoldo Lopez today, Hillary's foreign policy trifecta is complete. She's lost South America, she's lost the Middle East, and she's lot Eastern Europe. How does anyone recover from that and run for the presidency?
Krauthammer: By losing the Pacific Rim.Then you get a straight flush. You get a royal flush. Look, you know, when people talk about Hillary being a superb Secretary of State, I just ask one question. Name me one thing, just one, not three, give me one thing they achieved in their four years as Secretary of State. I have yet to hear an answer.
Hewitt: You're right.
Krauthammer: They traveled a lot. So did Marco Polo. And you want them to be president?
Hewitt: No, I've asked repeatedly your friend, E.J. Dionne, many other people, Jonathan Alter, abba dabba dabba dabba dabba is what we get out of them, because they don't know, they don't see it coming, Maggie Haberman of Politico. But nevertheless, one of them, well, Dana Milbank said they accomplished becoming the frontrunner for the nomination. And you know what? That was astute on their part. Cynical, but astute. And is they correct that that will endure?
Krauthammer: I think they are the frontrunner. I don't think the convention will be a coronation. It's going to be a worship service. But that's not exactly why we have a Secretary of State. I do think it's really awful that you can have a four year term, achieve nothing, and as you say, go backwards with Russia, backwards on Iran, backwards on Syria, backwards on Venezuela, backwards in relation with just about all of our allies, including, I would add, Keystone, which sits on the President's head, and antagonizing Canada, for God's sake. Canada, of all people. That's quite an achievement when you can antagonize Canada. That's not easy to do. And to get them upset, which is never happened in about 100 years, I mean, this is foreign policy of failure. And the only reason people haven't focused on it is because there's been so much failure at home that it's overshadowed what's happening abroad.
During the Salvadoran Civil War, on 16 November 1989, Salvadoran Army soldiers killed six Jesuits and two others at their residence on the campus of José Simeón Cañas Central American University (UCA El Salvador) in San Salvador, El Salvador. The Jesuits were advocates of a negotiated settlement between the government of El Salvador and the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front (FMLN), the guerilla organization that had fought the government for a decade. The murders attracted international attention to the Jesuits' efforts and increased international pressure for a cease-fire, representing one of the key turning points that led toward a negotiated settlement to the war.
Events [ edit ]
Note: All descriptions of events are taken from the Truth Commission's report[1] and the summary of accusations admitted by the Spanish court against the members of the Salvadoran military who were sentenced for the crime.[2]
The Salvadoran army considered the Pastoral Centre of UCA a "refuge of subversives". Colonel Juan Orlando Zepeda, Vice-Minister for Defence, had publicly accused UCA of being the center of operations for FMLN terrorists. Colonel Inocente Montano, Vice-Minister for Public Security, said that the Jesuits were "fully identified with subversive movements." In negotiations for a peaceful solution to the conflict, Ellacuría had played a pivotal role. Many of the armed forces identified the Jesuit priests with the rebels, because of their special concern for those Salvadorians who were poorest and thus most affected by the war.
Members of the Atlacatl Battalion, an elite unit of the Salvadoran Army, a rapid-response, counter-insurgency battalion created in 1980 at the U.S. Army's School of the Americas, then located in Panama. The unit was implicated in some of the most infamous incidents of the Salvadoran Civil War.
On the evening of 15 November, Colonel Guillermo Alfredo Benavides Moreno met with officers under their command at the Military College. They informed them that the General Staff considered the recent rebel offensive "critical", to be met with full force, and that all "known subversive elements" were to be eliminated. They had been ordered to eliminate Ellacuría, leaving no witnesses. The officers decided to disguise the operation as a rebel attack, using an AK-47 rifle that had been captured from the FMLN.
The soldiers first tried to force their way into the Jesuits' residence, until the priests opened the doors to them. After ordering the priests to lie on face-down in the back garden, the soldiers searched the residence. After lieutenant Guerra gave the order to kill the priests, Ellacuría, Martín-Baró, and Montes were shot and killed by Private Grimaldi, while Fathers López and Moreno were killed by Deputy Sergeant Antonio Ramiro Avalos Vargas. The soldiers later discovered Father Joaquín López y López in the residence and killed them as well. Deputy sergeant Tomás Zarpate Castillo shot Julia Elba Ramos and their 16-year-old daughter, Celina Mariceth Ramos. Private José Alberto Sierra Ascencio then shot both women again.
The soldiers removed a small suitcase containing photographs, documents, and $5,000. They then directed machine gun fire at the façade of the residence, as well as rockets and grenades. They left a cardboard sign that read "FMLN executed those who informed on it. Victory or death, FMLN".
Victims [ edit ]
Ignacio Ellacuría, S.J.
Ignacio Martín-Baró, S.J.
Segundo Montes, S.J.
Juan Ramón Moreno, S.J.
Joaquín López y López, S.J.
Amando López, S.J.
Elba Ramos, their housekeeper
Celina Ramos, their sixteen-year-old daughter
All but Celina Ramos were employees of UCA.[3] Another Jesuit resident, Jon Sobrino, was delivering a lecture on liberation theology in Bangkok. They said they had grown accustomed to living with death threats and commented: "We wanted to support dialogue and peace. We were against the war. But we have been considered Communists, Marxists, supporters of the rebels, all that type of thing."[4] When The New York Times described the murdered priests as "leftist intellectuals" in March 1991,[5] Archbishop John R. Quinn of San Francisco objected to the use of that characterization "without qualification or nuance". They offered the paper the words of Archbishop Helder Camara: "When I feed the hungry, they call me a saint. When I ask why they have no food, they call me a Communist."[6]
Reaction [ edit ]
The murders attracted international attention and increased international pressure for a cease-fire. It is recognized as a turning point that led toward a negotiated settlement to the war.[7]
The U.S. government, which had long provided military aid to the government, called on President Cristiani to initiate "the fullest inquiry and certainly a rapid one". It condemned the murders "in the strongest possible terms".[8] Senator Claiborne Pell, chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said: "I am devastated by these cold-blooded murders, which appear intended to silence human rights activity in El Salvador. I appeal most urgently for an end to the fighting and for a cease-fire ... and ask that those responsible for these murders be brought to justice as swiftly as possible."[8] An editorial in The New York Times catalogued a series of similar crimes that had gone unpunished and warned that "What's different this time is America's horrified impatience". It warned that the U.S. Senate would end U.S. aid if the government of El Salvador "cannot halt and will not punish death squads".[9]
Legal proceedings in El Salvador [ edit ]
Nine members of the Salvadoran military were put on trial. Only Colonel Guillermo Benavides and Lieutenant Yusshy René Mendoza were convicted. The others were either absolved or found guilty on lesser charges. Benavides and Mendoza were sentenced to thirty years in prison.[10] Both were released from prison on 1 April 1993 following passage of the Salvadoran Amnesty Law by a legislature dominated by anti-guerilla and pro-military politicians. It was enacted to promote social and political reconciliation in the aftermath of the civil war, but its support came from the political factions most closely allied with the right-wing armed groups identified by the report as responsible for most wartime violations of human rights. The trial's outcome was confirmed by the report presented by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of El Salvador, which detailed how Salvadoran military and political figures concealed vital information in order to shield those responsible for the massacre. The report identified Rodolfo Parker, a lawyer and politician who later led the Christian Democratic Party and became a member of the Legislative Assembly. It said they "altered statements in order to conceal the responsibility of senior officers for the murder."[11]
The Jesuits in El Salvador, led by José María Tojeira, UCA's former rector, continued to work with the UCA's Institute of Human Rights, founded by Segundo Montes, to use the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, to bypass the Salvadoran Amnesty Law of 1993 and expose the role of higher military officers in the murders.[12][13]
In July 2016, the Supreme Court of El Salvador found the Amnesty Law unconstitutional, citing international human rights law.[14] Benavides returned to prison a few weeks later to serve their sentence.[15]
In May 2017, the Jesuit community in El Salvador asked the Ministry of Justice and Public Security to commute the sentence of Benavides, who had served four years of their thirty-year sentence. They said that they had admitted and regretted their actions and that they posed no danger. Jose Maria Tojeira, head of UCA's Human Rights Institute, called them a "scapegoat" for those who ordered the murders and who remained unpunished.[16]
Legal proceedings in Spain [ edit ]
In 2008, two human rights organizations, the Center for Justice and Accountability and the Spanish Association for Human Rights, filed a lawsuit in a Spanish court, against the former Salvadoran president Alfredo Cristiani and 14 members of the Salvadoran military, alleging their direct responsibility for the 1989 massacre. Judge Eloy Velasco admitted this lawsuit in 2009, on the basis of the principle of universal justice.[17] Neither the Jesuits not the UCA were parties to this lawsuit.[18]
During the course of this judicial process, an unidentified witness confessed to their own participation in the massacre and implicated the High Command of the Salvadoran Military and Cristiani. Judge Velasco's resolution on the demand initially included investigations on the 14 implicated members of the Salvadoran Military, excluding the former Salvadoran president, but including the Military High Command represented by General (Colonel, at that time) René Emilio Ponce (who then was chief of defence of El Salvador). However, this new testimony opened up the investigation into former president Cristiani as well.[19] Evidence made available for journalists included handwritten notes taken during a meeting of the Salvadoran Military High Command at which the massacre was allegedly planned, and both the military's High Command and the country's Executive were probably aware of, if not directly involved in, these planning meetings.[20] Declassified CIA documents later indicated that for many years the CIA knew of the Salvadoran government's plans to murder the Jesuits.[21][not in citation given]
On 30 May 2011, the court ruled against twenty members of the Salvadoran military finding them guilty of murder, terrorism, and crimes against humanity. It ordered their immediate arrest. President Cristiaini was not included in the ruling. According to the substantiation of the ruling, the accused took advantage of an initial war context to perpetrate violations of human rights, with the aggravating character of xenophobia. Five of the murdered scholars were Spanish citizens. The propaganda against them, that prepared the context for the murder, called them leftist neoimperialists from Spain, who were in El Salvador to reinstate colonialism. Those found guilty face sentences that total 2700 years in prison.
The ruling of the Spanish court specifies that the Jesuits were murdered for their efforts to end the Salvadoran civil war peacefully. The planning of the murder started when peace negotiations between the Salvadoran government and the FMLN had broken down in 1988. The leadership of the Salvadoran military were convinced that they could win the war against the FMLN militarily. They interpreted Ignacio Ellacuría's efforts for peace negotiations as an inconvenience that had to be eliminated.
The operation against the Jesuits involved cooperation between several military institutions. It consisted of a psychological campaign to delegitimize the Jesuits in the media, accusing them of conspiracy and cooperation with FMLN; military raids against the university, and the Jesuits' home, in order to map and plan the operation; and finally the massacre, perpetrated by the Atlacatl battalion.[22][23]
Recognition [ edit ]
On the 20th anniversary of the massacre, President Mauricio Funes awarded the Order of José Matías Delgado, Grand Cross with Gold Star, El Salvador's highest civilian award, to the six murdered priests. Funes knew them personally, considered some of them friends, and credited their role in their professional and personal development.[24][25]
Several academic chairs and research centers are named for them:
the "Ignacio Ellacuría" chair at Universidad Iberoamericana in Mexico [26]
a similar chair at Universidad Carlos III in Madrid, Spain. [27]
the Ignacio Martín-Baró Fund for Mental Health and Human Rights at Boston College [28]
the Ignacio Martín-Baró prizes at the University of Chicago
the Segundo Montes community in Morazán, settled by repatriated refugees, the subject of Segundo Montes' research and activism
Most of these scholars are also credited for lasting contributions to the fields of philosophy, theology and liberation theology (Ellacuría), psychology (Martin-Baró), and social anthropology/migration studies (Montes). Some of their scholarship has been published by UCA Editores and others, but much of their material still remains uncategorized or unpublished.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Truth be told, that would be a pretty expensive upgrade from the Phantom 2 Vision, but DJI packs a lot into the Inspire 1's sleek white chassis. The Inspire One rocks a three-axis gimbal mounted camera capable of shooting 12 megapixel images and 4K video at 30, 25 and 24fps. The default camera ships with a 94-degree field of view, but if you don't like it, you can change it. "It's actually a modular camera that you can pop on and pop off," DJI's Michael Perry told us. "It will eventually support different payloads, but for now we just have the one 4K camera." That's not the only imaging device on the rig, either: the Inspire 1 also uses a stereoscopic "optic flow" camera to help stabilize the drone. "It stabilizes itself without GPS," Perry explains "That's important because a lot of people will take off without getting a full GPS lock."
A lot of the Inspire 1's best features come out when you look at the drone's controller: a dual-stick remote outfitted with enough toggles and switches to independently control the gimbal and camera settings mid-flight. It's also the pilot's window to DJI's patent Lightbridge, a wireless HD transmitter that provides a live feed from the drone's camera. That feed can be viewed on a smartphone or tablet over USB, or output directly to a monitor or recording device from an HDMI port on the controller's backside.
DJI wouldn't let us fly the device just yet (apparently the software still needs to go through some tweaks before it's ready for amateur pilots), but told us that its 6-cell battery will keep it aloft for about 18 minutes. The base unit ships with one controller for $2,899, but DJI will throw an additional remote for an extra $500 -- allowing the Inspire 1's camera and flight controls to be shared between two operators. There's no need to have a third remote lying around, but folks looking for a spare can pick one up for $650.
The Inspire 1 is still pretty pricey for the average drone enthusiast, but it's a solid compromise for folks who can't decide between the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and the professional S900 and S1000 drones. Thinking of stepping up your aerial camera game to the "prosumer" level? Check out the source link below -- pre-orders start today.
Talk about starting a business based on open source software and the conversation will inevitably shift to Red Hat. That's because the Linux vendor is a shining example of a company that's making money from an open source product. But how easy is it really to establish an open source startup that makes money? For every success story like Red Hat there are companies like Cyanogen that fail to thrive and projects that are abandoned.
It's tempting to believe that the Red Hat business model, which is based around selling subscriptions for support to a maintained and tested version of Linux (or a closely related model that offers consultancy and customization to an open source software solution as well support and maintenance), is the most viable way to make money from open source software. But Sam Myers, a principal at Balderton Capital, a technology venture capital company, says that most open source startups are unlikely to succeed using these business models.
"Despite Red Hat, it is actually quite challenging to make money selling customization, support and consultancy," Myers says. "Why? Because it is head-count driven, the model doesn't scale, and you get low renewals. And you have competition from other consultancies."
Myers admits that the subscription model can occasionally be successful, but asserts that a more promising business model is to build a product line around an open source core. This can involve developing premium software modules that add features to the core open source software or, alternatively, building supporting applications that complement the core.
SuiteCRM, for example, offers its open source CRM software for free but charges for modules like an Outlook plugin. "What can upset people is when you develop new code that makes the core better but keep it proprietary, but if you build apps that work on top of it then there is no issue there," says Myers.
Adding an Asterisk to open source
Another open source startup business model involves offering hardware that is suited to the software (in the way that Digium sells telephony hardware to run the open source Asterisk telephony software.) But Myers warns that this model can be difficult to sustain because customers typically only buy the hardware occasionally. Instead, they recommend looking for a business model that produces a recurring revenue stream. These can include offering open source software as a service or charging for API use in addition to selling premium modules or supporting applications as mentioned above.
What quickly became apparent from speaking with Myers is that there is no "best" open source business model, and Allison Randal, president of the Open Source Initiative, says that open source startups should avoid searching for one. "The mistake people make is thinking about an open source business model. They should be thinking about a business model and how open source software fits into that," they say. "VCs are only beginning to understand open source and how to make money, but the way is the same as for any other business: by offering better value and making customers happy. "
A defining feature of many open source projects is the community that surrounds them, and there is always a danger that a company seeking to make money from open source software may alienate that community. That's because members of the community may feel that their volunteer efforts are being exploited for someone else's financial gain. So how much consideration should open source startups give to the project's community?
In some instances, like when a company provides almost all of the code commits to a project, Myers says that not much consideration needs to be given to community. "The main benefit of open source software isn't necessarily that development is crowdsourced. In some cases, something needs to be open source so that companies that use it doesn't have to be worried about vendor lock in," they say.
The business benefits of community
But in many cases there are great benefits to be had from adopting a business model that involves fostering an active community. "If you are looking for commits from outside then it is important to focus on the community, both to get developers working on code and also to see who your users are, because these are your leads for upselling."
Myers warns that communities don't just spring up and thrive by themselves though, so it's vital for an open source startup to spark interest in the community through marketing and communication. Avoiding alienating the community in the way that Cyanogen Inc. did when it decided to monetize the community's work communication is especially important, they say.
What kind of marketing and communications are necessary? "You need to make sure that you say that X percent of your resources will be devoted to developing the open source project and Y percent will go to developing the proprietary modules or other applications that you plan to sell," says Myers. "If you can manage to do that successfully then you can manage any perceived conflict of interest."
Alex Freedland, CEO of Mirantis, a company that has built a business around the open source OpenStack cloud operating system, says that to foster widespread adoption of an open source product you need an ecosystem around it, and to get that you also need a strong community. For that reason, they say, Mirantis makes a point of ensuring its contributions to a project never exceed 25 percent of the total in a given time frame.
Freedland also says that the community should trump the business when it comes to choosing the direction software development should take. "You need to decide what is of benefit to the community and do it, even if it goes against the short-term interests of the company," says Freedland. "It is also important that community members feel they won't be punished for their actions — you need to foster a culture where community members can do whatever they feel will benefit the community."
They also advocated that open source companies devote a proportion of their resources to seeding other groups to expand the ecosystem.
Avoiding the pitfalls
Myers says there are two mistakes that open source startups that want to make money should make a point of avoiding. "If you just take the community's code (and build proprietary modules around it) then you are bound to alienate the community, and I can't see that ending well," they say. "And another mistake is trying to charge too soon for premium versions before a project has a strong community around it. You need to build a large audience for an open source software project before you can start to monetize it."
The Open Source Initiative's Randal says that while most communities don't mind a company trying to monetize a project, it is key that the community still has a life of its own — in the way that Red Hat has fostered the Fedora community. "What drives a community away is when you take the wind out of its sails and it feels taken over," they say. Randal adds that little things can make a big difference: if Cyanogen Inc. had chosen a different name (in place of Cyanogen OS) for its commercial product, which was based on the Cyanogen Mod project, then the community may not have felt so offended by it, they say.
Mirantis' Freedland adds that open source projects should be run as meritocracies and remain open to new ideas because startups that try to micromanage the direction of a project are inevitably on the path to failure. "There are always religious zealots, but as the leader of a startup you need to limit your own influence. If you do that you won't alienate the community, but if you don't then it will come back to bite you in the end."
Related video:
While New Orleans is known for its architecture, food and music, It's not known for being affordable. At least not anymore.
Nearly 57 percent of renters in the New Orleans Metro area reported they were burdened by rent cost. In the study conducted by Apartment List, who evaluated data between 2005 to 2015, New Orleans ranked No. 90 out of 100 of the largest metro cities in the United States in its rent affordability.
Between 2005 and 2015, rent in New Orleans increased by 18.6 percent. In that same time period, renter income in the New Orleans metro area increased on average by 14.6 percent.
New Orleans joins cities like San Diego, Los Angeles, Miami and New York in being the least affordable in the United States. According to the research, cost burdened renters across the nation are a result of rising rent and abundance of low-paying employment.
The Midwest and Texas scored the highest in rent affordability.
New Orleans has recognized its affordable housing issue and has taken steps to solve it. In September, HousingNOLA evaluated affordable housing in the city for the 2015-16 year. The city scored a B rating for its progress, with high rent continuing to plague the city.
In October, City Council requested that the City Planning Commission study the effectiveness of adding incentives to encourage developers to build more affordable housing.
The Lafitte Greenway apartment development recently secured a tax break from the Industrial Development Board on its apartment development in exchange for including affordable housing units in its development.
Click here for more information on Apartment List's Study.
Which Metros Have the Most Cost-Burdened Renters? [Apartment List]
New Orleans affordable housing evaluated in report [Curbed NOLA]
City Council commissions study on affordable housing [Curbed NOLA]
Lafitte Greenway development secures tax break, affordable housing [Curbed NOLA]
Less than a week after Arian Foster waved farewell to the NFL, another former Texans luminary is calling it quits.
Wide receiver Andre Johnson informed the Titans of their plans to retire Monday, the team announced.
Currently in Tennessee, the 35-year-old Johnson spent last season with the Colts after 12 sensational campaigns with the Texans, who made them the third overall pick of the 2003 NFL Draft out of the University of Miami.
The most important and accomplished player in Texans history, Johnson finishes their celebrated career with a whopping 1,062 regular-season catches for 14,185 yards and 70 touchdowns.
Their seven 1,000-yard campaigns are three more than Buffalo's Andre Reed, who was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2014. Voting for the Hall is often dubious, but Johnson deserves to be seen as a plug-and-play entry for Canton.
A massive-bodied, 6-foot-3, 219-pound lead pass-catcher with the requisite speed, hand strength and physical traits to shred opposing cornerbacks, Johnson was a constant starry presence on a Texans squad that struggled to pair them with a premier quarterback.
Following David Carr's run in Houston, the Texans matched Johnson with the likes of Tony Banks, Dave Ragone, Sage Rosenfels, Matt Leinart, T.J. Yates and Case Keenum. Some of their best years came with a younger Matt Schaub, who tossed the ball during four of Johnson's seven 1,000-yard seasons.
Johnson was a non-factor last season with the Colts and buried on the roster this autumn in Tennessee, with just nine catches for 85 yards and two scores -- with all of it coming prior to Week 6.
Johnson returned this season to prove that they could outshine last year's numbers with the Colts and "worked like crazy to get back with the Tennessee Titans and try to find a way into their rotation at receiver," NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport said Monday on NFL Network's Good Morning Football.
The veteran, though, saw their snaps wither away and "it was time for Andre Johnson to step away -- there was nothing left to prove," Rapoport said. "It was just a matter of when they were going to do it."
Former Texans general manager Charley Casserly made the call to draft Johnson in 2003 and gushed over the wideout during a Monday morning conversation with NFL Network.
"There are not many players, when you draft them -- even when you draft them high -- that you figure are going to be Pro Bowl players and dominant players ... but Andre did," Casserly said. "Andre was the biggest, fastest, most-talented wide receiver that I ever scouted. We worked them out at the University of Miami on grass. They ran 4.35. And they played fast on the tape."
Said Casserly: "To get a guy that big, that fast, that's a great player -- now that's a rare situation. And on top of it, their work ethic was off the charts. ... They were a guy who set the example by the work ethic. How hard they practiced. They went hard every rep, they were top of the charts in the offseason."
Football types can overthink Johnson's destiny, but their incredible stretch of top-shelf play at the highest level paint the picture of Canton-bound wonder.
"He's a Hall of Famer," said Casserly. "His next stop's the Hall of Fame. I was fortunate enough to be around Art Monk in Washington and as great as Art was, I think Andre is ahead of him. And Jerry Rice is acknowledged as the best receiver in football, but I'll say this: Andre had as much talent as Jerry Rice.
"He just didn't play for the 49ers and a Super Bowl team with Super Bowl, Hall of Fame quarterbacks in their prime," Casserly said. "He's as good as Jerry Rice in many areas -- in all areas. ... This guy was a dominant, dominant player in the National Football League."
A used car salesperson at Great Buys Auto Sales in Lower Sackville will be heading to trial on a charge of fraud over $5,000 in connection with the sale of a vehicle to a young couple.
On Wednesday, a judge ordered Darren Blumenthal to stand trial following a preliminary hearing in Dartmouth provincial court. Details of that hearing are banned from publication.
They face three charges related to a 2013 Subaru BRZ that Melanie Pottie and Chris Bezanson purchased in August 2015 for $24,500.
The couple have previously told CBC News Blumenthal agreed to buy back the car if their circumstances changed.
Melanie Pottie and Chris Bezanson purchased a 2013 Subaru BRZ in August 2015. (CBC)
After Bezanson lost their job, they returned to Great Buys. They said Blumenthal agreed to buy back the car and pay off their bank loans if they gave them another $11,500 to cover taxes and extra costs.
Court documents allege Blumenthal wrote a cheque to the bank, but it bounced, leaving the couple on the hook for over $33,000.
Blumenthal told CBC News last June that they did nothing wrong.
Other legal problems
Blumenthal has elected to be tried by judge alone. The case will be heard in Nova Scotia Supreme Court but no date has yet been set.
Blumenthal is facing other legal problems, as well.
Court documents show Blumenthal and their wife, Rebecca, defaulted on $600,000 to Nextgear Capital Corporation.
The company alleges the Blumenthals "absconded with a number of motor vehicles" after they were notified Nextgear was taking action against them.
There is a permanent Nova Scotia Supreme Court order requiring the couple to disclose the location of those vehicles.
One of at least 19 vehicles that were repossessed from Great Buys Auto on Sackville Drive in Lower Sackville on April 19. (CBC)
On April 19, a repossession company removed at least 19 vehicles from the Great Buys lot on Sackville Drive, leaving it virtually empty.
At the time, the owner of the repossession company said it was trying to locate at least another 30 vehicles that "have gone missing in the past 72 hours."
“Today was a really good day. There were a lot of car drivers here and maybe they thought, ‘What am I doing here, waiting, when all these cyclists are going past and getting applause?' I hope they were encouraged to change their behaviour.”
It was Applause Day for the Belgian cyclists who hit the road for their commute, ride, dispatch, message or general errand. The national cycling advocacy group set up 60 locations across Belgium where cyclists could enjoy a moment of recognition for their efforts.
This year is the second so far and will likely continue .
Fietsersbond advocates for better cycling conditions, from marked pathways to dedicated routes to better recognition of cyclists on the road. An essential part in creating an equal status for cyclists on the roads.
Advertisements
The bullet-riddled bodies of two alleged summary execution victims were found at a pigpen inside the New Bilibid Prison compound in Barangay Poblacion, Muntinlupa City, on Saturday.
The victims were identified only through their aliases “Kalbo” and “Nonoy.” Both men's hands had been tied up using packaging tape, cable ties and a shoelace. A note saying, “Pusher ako,” was taped on Nonoy's body.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to Muntinlupa police, the two were from Barangay Cuyab in San Pedro, Laguna, who supplied illegal drugs to residents in nearby Barangay Tunasan, Muntinlupa City.
The police recovered 10 sachets of suspected dried marijuana leaves, a smoking pipe and 13 cartridges from a gun of an unknown caliber.
Meanwhile, a man was shot dead inside their house by masked men at Alley 11, P. Rosales Street in Barangay Sta. Ana, Pateros, around 2 a.m. on Sunday.
Virgilio Cayangan, 44, was a drug user, according to the barangay watch list and the fourth fatality since Sept. 29 on P. Rosales Street whose alleys reportedly serve as drug dens.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
One of the least favorite habits of curl during all these years, I've been told, is when users forget to instruct the command line tool where to store the downloaded file and as a direct consequence, curl instead sends a lot of binary “gunk” to the terminal. The end result of that is at best just a busload of weird-looking characters on the screen, but with just a little bit of bad luck it can also lock up the terminal completely or change it in other ways.
Starting in curl 7.55.0 (from this commit), curl will inspect the beginning of each download that has been told to get sent to the terminal (tty!) and attempt to detect and prevent raw binary output to get sent there. The code is only simply looking for a binary zero in the data.
$ curl https://example.com/image.jpg Warning: Binary output can mess up your terminal. Use "--output -" to tell curl to output it to your terminal anyway, or consider "--output <FILE>" to save to a file.
As the warning message says, there's an option to use to switch off this emergency check for when you truly know what you're doing and you don't need curl to prevent you from doing this. Then you just tell curl explicitly that you want the output to stdout, with “–output -” (or “-o -” for a shorter version):
$ curl -o - https://example.com/binblob.img
We're eager to get your input and feedback on how this works. We are aware of the risk of false positives for UTF-16 and UTF-32 outputs, but we think they are rare enough to not make this a huge problem.
This feature should be able to drastically reduce the risk for this:
Pipes
(Update, added after the initial posting.)
So many have remarked or otherwise asked how this affects when stdout is piped into something else. It doesn't affect that! The whole point of this check is to only show the warning message if the binary output is sent to the terminal. If you instead pipe the output to another program or if you redirect the output with >, that will not trigger this warning but will instead continue just like before. Just like you'd expect it to.
Once the fiery mascot of the movement, Union Minister wants a resolution to the lingering dispute through dialogue even as they hail controversial MP as their "hero", saying they believe their words that work on the temple in will start by the end of this year.
Bharti ruled themselves out as a possible chief ministerial candidate for Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, but voiced confidence that will be able to form its government in the key Hindi heartland state with at the helm of the party.
On the issue of construction and Swamy's remarks that the work on it will start this year, Bharti said: "I respect Swamy very much.  They are my hero. I was 15-16 years old when Emergency was imposed and Dr Swamy, George Fernandes were my heroes. For me they are a heroic figure. So whatever they say, I will believe that."
The remarks by BJP's yesteryear Hindutva mascot comes at a time when the party leadership is skirting questions on and repeatedly insisting that development will be the party's poll plank in UP as it seeks to wrest the politically important state from Samajwadi Party.
Speaking at an event in Mumbai in April, Swamy had claimed that work to build the Ram temple in would begin by this year-end. They had expressed confidence that next year Hindus would celebrate Ram Navami at the Ram temple.
"The issue in the Ram temple movement was whether it was the birthplace of Lord Rama or not. The three-judge bench of Allahabad HC said one thing undisputedly that the dome in the middle is of Ramlala. The Ram temple movement got legal sanction with that declaration.
"Now the dispute that remains is the dispute of land. There is no dispute now on whether it is Ram Janmabhoomi or not. Movements are not needed to resolve land disputes. It has to be resolved either through a dialogue or a legislation. I feel that the most beautiful solution to Ram janmabhoomi issue can be found through dialogue," they said.
Bharti suggested that parties to the dispute should sit together and saints and religious leaders of both sides facilitate dialogue between the two communities and tell the court they have resolved the issue.
"And a magnificent temple is built there. I am very proud that I took part in the movement, which has also got the stamp of the court that I was right," they said, referring to the Allahabad High Court judgement.
In September 2010, a three-judge bench of Allahbad High Court, comprising Justices S U Khan, Sudhir Agarwal and D V Sharma had ruled that the disputed land be split into three parts. The court had said that the portion below the central dome under which the idols of Lord Ram and other Gods were placed, belonged to Hindus.
Lauding chief Amit Shah's organisational skills, Bharti said, "This time we have a leader who functions properly, does not come under pressure from anybody. The magic mantra for Uttar Pradesh is that you decide without coming under pressure and with an independent mind.
"Our president takes decisions with an independent mind, takes focused decisions, works very hard themselves and makes others also work hard, has no place for sycophancy," they said.
When asked if BJP should declare a chief ministerial candidate for UP polls, they referred to assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana where the party won without announcing a CM nominee and Assam where it named Sarbananda Sonowal for the top job, saying,"Whatever decision takes will be right. We will work hard."
Replying to a query about whether they were in contention for CM's post, Bharti said, "I have not even remotest interest in it. I have no interest even in talking on this issue. It's an unrelated subject for me. I am not concerned with any other subject than Ganga water. I am not ready to discuss it."The Union Minister expressed confidence that BJP will get a majority in UP this time as it had got in 1991. BJP had then won 221 of state's 425 seats.
"We will form government with a clear majority as we had in 1991. A similar situation prevails in Uttar Pradesh even today, people are suffering due to insecurity, corruption and the rising crime graph. See what happened in Mathura, people have dared to kill a Superintendent of Police.
"Mathura incident is very serious. If you go into the nitty-gritty of the incident... Who gave political protection to the 2,000-odd people who stayed there for these many days? Can 2,000 people encroach upon the land without the ruling party's protection? Were those people so dangerous that the entire UP government could not tackle them? This shows how poor the administration under this government is," they said.
After decades of waiting, physicists at Trinity College have for the first time captured a rare scientific event on camera.
70 years after the experiment was set up, the scientists have videoed pitch dripping from a funnel.
The experiment was begun by a colleague of Nobel Prize winner Ernest Walton in the physics department of Trinity in 1944.
Its aim was to prove that the black carbonic substance pitch is a viscous or flowing material.
The experiment involved placing several lumps of pitch into a funnel and placing the funnel in a jar.
The jar was placed in a dusty cupboard, first in a store room and then in a lecture theatre and left.
Over several decades a number of drips did form in the funnel and fall into the jar, giving credence to the hypothesis that pitch is indeed viscous.
However, the dripping was never witnessed or captured on camera, which would have definitively proved the theory.
A number of weeks ago, scientists in the department noticed that a drip had formed.
In order to finally and definitively end the experiment, they set up a webcam to video the experiment around the clock.
Last Thursday, the drip finally dropped into the jar, and was captured on camera.
The physicists believe the experiment is among the oldest active experiments in the world.
Professor Shane Bergin of TCD School of Physics said it was amazing to have caught the drip on camera.
They said for them it summed up why they like being a scientist.
Science, they said, acts as a catalyst for curiosity and all good science stems from conversations about science.
A similar experiment began in the 1920s in Queensland in Australia.
It is considered to be the world's longest running laboratory experiment and has dripped eight times.
However, so far, technical glitches have meant that the Australian experiment has never been caught dripping on camera.
The Trinity College scientists have estimated that based on the results from the experiment, the viscosity of pitch is two million times that of honey.
Last year, we told you about a rather exciting-looking concept called the Scarpar Powerboard. It's a skateboard-like powered vehicle that zips across all sorts of rough terrain at speeds of up to 60km/h (37mph) using front and rear tank-like tracks instead of wheels. It is currently expected to be commercially-available late this year or early next, but it now looks like it will have some competition. Twenty-one year-old Canadian Ben Gulak heads up BPG Werks, a company that is developing a vehicle called the DTV Shredder. Like the Scarpar, the Shredder is an all-terrain tracked vehicle that the rider stands on, like a skateboard – or in this case, a mini-tank. What sets it apart is its larger size, handlebars, and an in-development 48hp rotary combustion engine that should allow for a top speed of over 97km/h (60mph).
This update:
- Improves compatibility with certain email servers when using Mail
- Fixes an issue in Photos that prevents importing videos from GoPro cameras
- Fixes an issue in QuickTime Player that prevented playback of Windows Media files.
Apple today released OS X Yosemite 10.10.5, an under-the-hood update that introduces bug fixes, security enhancements, and performance improvements. OS X 10.10.5 is being released to the public after two developer betas and one month of testing The OS X 10.10.5 update can be downloaded through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store.Today's update notably includes a fix for the DYLD_PRINT_TO_FILE privilege escalation vulnerability that could allow malware to gain root access to a Mac. Earlier this month, a DYLD_PRINT_TO_FILE exploit was found to be in use in the wild, so this is an update that all Mac users running Yosemite will want to install as soon as possible.OS X 10.10.5 is likely to be one of the last updates to OS X Yosemite, which will soon be retired in favor of its successor, OS X 10.11 El Capitan. Currently in testing, OS X El Capitan builds on the features introduced with Yosemite, focusing on improving performance and user experience.Once OS X El Capitan is available for download, OS X Yosemite will see only minor maintenance updates designed to fix security flaws and other major bugs. OS X El Capitan is expected to be released to the public in the fall.: Fixes and improvements for Apple Music are available in a separate iTunes 12.2.2 update also available through Software Update in the Mac App Store.: Apple has also released Security Update 2015-006 for Mavericks and Mountain Lion users, as well as Safari 8.0.8 for Yosemite, 7.1.8 for Mavericks, and 6.2.8 for Mountain Lion.
One trend that seems to be building momentum is the use of copper, brass or gold to accentuate certain parts of the build. Gold chains and rims have always been popular, but they seem to be making a come back. We think this CB550 has got the balance of copper just about right. The rear sets, levers, exhaust tip, headlight and rims are enough to get your attention – without turning it into a festival of bling. This classy café racer is the handy work of Alex Martino in collaboration with the talented Dustin Kott from Kott Motorcycles. Alex has had this bike in their head for some time, it just took a little time to make it a reality. As it turns out, Alex is a man of many talents. He's a graphic designer by trade but acquired their fabrication skills by building custom show trucks in Chicago. After moving to L.A. they now spend their days shooting beautiful models as a freelance photographer. “I'm just a good ol' boy in a city trying to make money and find time to spend in the garage” says Alex.
You always remember your first, and this is how Alex recalls his… “I searched through the depths of the inter webs to find my perfect “first” bike. I have been around and been on bikes my whole life but never bought one with my own money. After finding the perfect project bike I contacted Dustin Kott in Newhall, CA to do a collaboration build on my 1976 Honda cb550f. I had a design in my head for the past two or three years that just needed to get out of my head and under my legs!
“Once Dustin was on board, it was only three extremely fast months that I was taking the animal know as “PATINA” down the street. As for the build, the night I brought the bike over we had it stripped to a bare frame in less than twenty minutes. Once they were torn apart and de-tabbed we instantly started to reassemble for mock up. Dustin tackled the seat and rear sets while I fitted the 2007 GSXR 750 front forks onto the frame.”
“Because my initial design had inverted levers on the clip-ons it was a challenge to figure the best solution for the front brakes. Once the bike was back to a roller and the visual fabrication was done Dustin and I put our talents together to tackle the relocated front master cylinder. I couldn't be happier with the solution we ended up on. I was once told that if no one notices, then you did it right.”
Alex and Dustin finished the bike on a Friday night and the following day they took it to its first show. “I had to show four judges that were walking around the bike that the handlebars had no front master cylinder on the handle bars. That show, “PATINA” ended up taking ‘best café' out of over 400 bikes at the 5th annual VVMC (Venice Vintage Motorcycle Club) Rally in Venice, CA.” Not bad for their first build, don't you think?
THIS smart little sports car still turns heads for it's classic 60s looks and styling but it also hides a unique fact... it's done a record three million miles.
Proud owner Irv Gordon has been clocking up nearly 64,000 a year in their cherry-red 1966 Volvo P1800 and it has only taken them 47 years. "Everyone asks, what's next?" the 74-year-old said. "Well, I'll keep driving my Volvo P1800 to auto shows and taking trips across the country.
“Irv Gordon, owner of the record-breaking Volvo sports car” Whether I drive four million miles is more up to me than it is the car. "Not much will change. But whether I drive four million miles is more up to me than it is the car. "The car may be able to take it, but I'm not so sure about me." According to Volvo, Irv from Long Island, New York, reached the milestone no other individual has accomplished in more than 100 years of car manufacturing last week as they completed their three millionth mile in the same vehicle on Alaska's Highway 1.
The NHL has seen several star players in the cap era take less than market value to remain with their teams, with an eye towards allowing those teams to retain other players and maintain success.
Of course, since 2005, the salary cap has been a reasonable mechanism for capping salaries because the ceiling has been at rec room levels rather than grand foyer. But as the NHL brings in billions (thanks, outdoor games!), the salary cap could reach $75 million by 2015.
Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane go unrestricted next summer. The Chicago Blackhawks are already in talks about an extension. Bob McKenzie of TSN reports that Kane and Toews have made their first pitch ...
Scroll to continue with content Ad
… and they're asking for around $12 million per season.
From TSN:
McKenzie notes that both players will likely end up with a lower salary than their initial ask, but could still see $10 million per year averages. Toews and Kane each have one year remaining on their contracts. They both signed identical five-year $31.5 million contracts prior to the 2010-11 season.
Again, with the cap rising, this shouldn't be an issue with regard to the Blackhawks' roster. They have 10 players under contract for 2015-16, including Patrick Sharp, Marian Hossa, Brent Seabrook and Duncan Keith all making over $5 million.
poster="https://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201601/951/1155968404_4684938831001_4684924303001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Bill Clinton will become a regular on the campaign trail. Bill Clinton: GOP candidates 'kind of scary'
In their first solo campaign appearance stumping for their wife, Bill Clinton warned an audience in New Hampshire to take every candidate in the race seriously, remarking that the presidential election is "kind of scary this year."
"Every presidential election, people run. And believe it or not, it's kind of scary this year, but believe it or not, most everybody actually tries to do what they say they're gonna do when they're running," the former president said. "They are telling you what they believe. And, so you gotta take 'em seriously, but you also have to take seriously whether they have any chance of doing what they say they're gonna do or any record of doing it."
Story Continued Below
The Clinton campaign has declined to directly engage with Republican candidate Donald Trump over their attacks on the Clintons, specifically the former president's past sexual infidelities, which the Manhattan mogul has argued are "fair game" because the Clinton camp has thrown accusations of sexism at him.
Bill Clinton did, however, work in a direct reference to another Republican in the field in championing their wife's ability to work in a bipartisan fashion on foster care with former Texas Rep. Tom DeLay, who themselves was a foster parent.
"She got the Republican House leader, Tom DeLay, who was the most — they were the Ted Cruz of the pre-tea party era, and they disliked me, I think, more than anybody else in Congress. So they come in to see me one day; they said, 'I found it. I found it.' I said, 'What?' They said, 'I've found the human streak in Tom DeLay.'"
I'll cover most of Bowser's negative matchups for now, and possibly fill in some data on positive ones tomorrow.- The only winning strategy is the pick a new character- Sheik's speed only factors into dodging Bowser's crushing attacks, they don't dps enough to have effective work on Bowz, but you still gotta be sharp to avoid getting tilted to death, and avoid fair like the ****ens.- I'd even approach an 70/30 split, but Bowser has enough tools in special teams (edgeguarding, etc. anything not neutral/center stage) to make it doable, just very meticulous to space out that bloody sword.- One word. Knee****. Falcon's move delay is negligible against the even slower Booz, making every hit a crushing smackdown. Out mobilized, out kneed.- Speed and tininess keep the little guy on top in the matchup. Typically most players are terrible with either of these two so far, and while I've found a certain affinity for both I give this one handily to the constant spacing and bashing of squirtle's fast in and out moves. Until Squirtle's tech skill is really explored more thoroughly I think most people will have a 50/50 or 60/40 in Squirt's favor, but the capacity to harass Bowser with proper control is there for Squirtle to really dominate.- Lucas has the ability to really abuse Bowser's size, but not without really being inside Bowser's punish zone. This one is really back and forth, but Lucas isn't fast enough to have a clear win in most situations, nor does Bowser have the tools to get inside Lucas's floaty spacing game. Not necessarily a very exciting match to be certain.- The difference here is PK Fire over Lucas's Freeze. The multi-hit just demolishes your crouch armor and you end up at the tip of a bat very easily if you're not playing around the world to stay away from their attacks. Unfortunately, Bowser is not well suited for general avoidance and spacing when Ness (surprisingly) has the spacing advantage.- Them distance and knockout power are a distinct change up from the prior matchups, They have a tonne of effective tools for keeping away and getting damage in until that disney or fair puts them down. However, while their constant recovery is impressive, Boozer's shock and awe approach to damage puts Zelda in a near constant state of recovery, if not a state of dead.- They can harass Bowser like hell, but doesn't have a tonne of kill potential on him, however the extensive metagame surrounding Peach gives them a distinct advantage over the big guy. They can keep them flying around, but the long-range game wears down on Bowser, especially if they hit those bonus damage attacks.- Ike is a total butt and their sword is too big not to kill everything on the screen.will add more than I a) play against more toons, and b) play more bowser instead of focusing on falcon and sheik to dial in melee mechanics like shuffling and platforming.
NEVER FALL DOWN. By Patricia McCormick. (Balzer & Bray/Harper­Collins, $17.99.) This novelized memoir tells the tragic but inspiring life story of Arn Chorn-Pond, a boy who was 11 years old when the Khmer Rouge took over Cambodia.
SON. By Lois Lowry. (Houghton Mifflin, $17.99.) In the conclusion to the dystopian “Giver” quartet, Lowry returns to the story of a mother searching for their lost son. “A quiet, sorrowful, deeply moving exploration of the powers of empathy and the obligations of love,” our reviewer said.
MIDDLE GRADE
BEYOND COURAGE: The Untold Story of Jewish Resistance During the Holocaust. By Doreen Rappaport. (Candlewick, $22.99.) This book about the Holocaust dwells on the choice to fight and resist rather than the road to death. A lively, absorbing and eye-opening history for young readers.
THE FALSE PRINCE. By Jennifer A. Nielsen. (Scholastic, $17.99.) Four orphaned boys and would-be princes are captured in a treacherous medieval kingdom in the first book of a new series. Adam Gopnik, our reviewer, called it a “page turner” and praised its “persuasively surly and defiant character, and a realistic vein of violence.”
HAND IN HAND: Ten Black Men Who Changed America. By Andrea Davis Pinkney. Illustrated by Brian Pinkney. (Disney-Jump at the Sun, $19.99.) Benjamin Banneker, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, Booker T. Washington, A. Philip Randolph, Thurgood Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X and Barack Obama feature in this collection.
THE HERO'S GUIDE TO SAVING YOUR KINGDOM. By Christopher Healy. Illustrated by Todd Harris. (Walden Pond/HarperCollins, $16.99.) The enchanting premise of this story is that four Princes Charming, carried over from their fairy tales of origin, must band together to track down Cinderella and restore harmony to their kingdom.
THE LAST DRAGONSLAYER. By Jasper Fforde. (Harcourt/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $16.99.) A 15-year-old orphan, indentured to magicians, in a world where dragons are dying out. Fforde's first book for young readers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
LIAR & SPY. By Rebecca Stead. (Wendy Lamb, $15.99.) A bunch of misfits star in this contemporary tale, Stead's follow-up to their Newbery Medal-winning “When You Reach Me.”
THE SECRET TREE. By Natalie Standiford. (Scholastic, $16.99.) Two children, a summer and a tree that tells secrets in this story about neighborhood kids.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
SEE YOU AT HARRY'S. By Jo Knowles. (Candlewick, $16.99.) With four siblings at its center, Knowles's story is about a family who run a restaurant and the commonplace and serious traumas they face.
SPLENDORS AND GLOOMS. By Laura Amy Schlitz. (Candlewick, $17.99.) A Gothic novel, from the Newbery-winning author, about three children and a master puppeteer in Dickensian London.
“WHO COULD THAT BE AT THIS HOUR?” By Lemony Snicket. Illustrated by Seth. (Little, Brown, $15.99.) A prequel of sorts to “A Series of Unfortunate Events,” this humorous riddle of a book is the start of a mock-autobiographical series.
WONDER. By R. J. Palacio. (Knopf, $15.99.) This novel tells the moving story of August Pullman, a 10-year-old boy born with severe facial malformations, and the bullying they endure when they attend school for the first time.
PICTURE BOOKS
BROTHERS AT BAT: The True Story of an Amazing All-Brother Baseball Team. By Audrey Vernick. Illustrated by Steven Salerno. (Clarion/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $16.99.) The true story of the longest-running all-brother baseball team, 12 Acerra siblings who played together during the 1930s. A captivating story, impeccable layout and glorious illustrations make this historical account an unqualified winner.
THE DAY LOUIS GOT EATEN. Written and illustrated by John Fardell. (Andersen Press, $16.95.) A boy is eaten by a Gulper, which is eaten in turn by a Grabular, an Undersnatch, a Spiney-Backed Guzzler and a Saber-Toothed Yumper. Their intrepid sister, traveling by bicycle and other hand-jiggered contraptions, comes to the rescue. Hilarious and sweet, both. “I love this book so much I want to eat it up,” our reviewer said.
DRAGONS LOVE TACOS. By Adam Rubin. Illustrated by Daniel Salmieri. (Dial, $16.99.) Rubin and Salmieri, the team behind the equally hilarious “Those Darn Squirrels!,” bring their kooky sensibility to this irresistible story about what can go wrong at a taco party for dragons. Salmieri's drawings are not only a wacky delight, they're also strangely beautiful.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A GOLD STAR FOR ZOG. By Julia Donaldson. Illustrated by Axel Scheffler. (Arthur A. Levine/Scholastic, $16.99.) A school for dragons and a dragon-loving princess (who really wants to be a doctor) are at the center of this rhyming tale from the team behind “The Gruffalo” and “Room on the Broom.” Humor, heart and a worthy hero earn this story its own star.
HELLO! HELLO! Written and illustrated by Matthew Cordell. (Disney-­Hyperion, $16.99.) In this ode to nature and the palpable joys of pre-technology days, a girl runs wild on a horse while their screen-­addicted family members tap away indoors. The book's “art is gloriously old-style,” our reviewer, David Small, said. Its message is loud, clear and important.
I'M BORED. By Michael Ian Black. Illustrated by Debbie Ridpath Ohi. (Simon & Schuster, $16.99.) Black, a comedian, has become a fine children's book storyteller (“A Pig Parade Is a Terrible Idea”). This original story features a bored child, a bored potato and a bored flamingo. Readers will not be bored.
KING ARTHUR'S VERY GREAT GRANDSON. Written and illustrated by Kenneth Kraegel. (Candlewick, $15.99.) On the day of their sixth birthday, Henry Alfred Grummorson, the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandson of King Arthur, sets out for peril and conquest. Alas, all they finds are peaceable beasts. There are still dragons in this clever story by a first-time author and illustrator.
THIS IS NOT MY HAT. Written and illustrated by Jon Klassen. (Candlewick, $15.99.) The hat is back, but this time it belongs to a fish, not a bear. It belongs to a big fish, to be precise, but a small fish has stolen it. You will probably guess what happens in this delightfully dark, comic follow-up to “I Want My Hat Back.”
In this Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017 photo, President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is calling for “Merit Based immigration” following the truck attack in New York City that killed eight people and injured 11. Trump says on Twitter Wednesday that the driver in Tuesday's attack “came into our country through what is called the ‘Diversity Visa Lottery Program,' a Chuck Schumer beauty.” (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Roused by the first major ISIS-inspired attack on U.S. soil since they took office, President Donald Trump urged swift repeal of an immigration program that brought the suspect to America and laid into a political foe they said was responsible for it — though Republican George H. W. Bush signed the law.
Trump insisted Wednesday that Congress must end the visa lottery program under which Uzbek immigrant Sayfullo Saipov entered the country, and they ordered still tighter scrutiny of immigrants already subject to what they call “extreme vetting.” But the White House offered no indication of what new steps the president might be planning.
“We have to get much tougher, much smarter, and less politically correct,” Trump said. They also said the U.S. justice system for dealing with such cases must be strengthened, declaring, “What we have right now is a joke and it's a laughingstock.” Again, there was no elaboration from the White House.
Trump denounced the 29-year-old suspect in the truck attack, which killed eight and injured many more, as an “animal,” and said they were open to sending the man to the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, instead of to trial in New York. “I would certainly consider that. Send them to Gitmo,” Trump said.
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the White House considered Saipov an “enemy combatant” and had yet to decide whether to seek to move them out of the civilian judicial system to military detention.
A little later, however, prosecutors in New York filed charges in federal court accusing Saipov with providing material support to a terrorist group and committing violence and destruction of motor vehicles.
On the political front, Trump took to Twitter early Wednesday to blame Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, a Democrat who represents New York, for the bipartisan visa program used by the suspect to enter the country in 2010.
The Department of Homeland Security confirmed that Saipov entered the U.S under the Diversity Visa Lottery Program, which gives people from countries with low rates of immigration an opportunity to come to the U.S. Trump branded the program “a Chuck Schumer beauty,” and called on Congress to immediately begin work to end it.
It was not immediately clear when Saipov was radicalized by the Islamic State group, but the New York City Police Department said they began planning the attack weeks ago.
Schumer did back the lottery program as a member of the House when it was approved with the support of both parties in 1990. It was signed by Republican President George H.W. Bush.
Trump's broadside against a senator from the state still reeling from the attack drew bipartisan criticism.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said that Trump's attack against Schumer “plays right into the hands of the terrorists,” by sowing division at a time when unity is needed. Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., said it was “probably not the best way to bring out the best in our country.” Corker, who has announced they will not run for re-election in 2018, has been increasingly critical of Trump's temperament.
Schumer themselves offered this advice: “The president ought to stop tweeting and start leading.”
Sanders later said Trump “has not blamed Senator Schumer and doesn't feel that the senator is responsible for the attack.”
Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, defended Trump's criticism of the visa lottery program.
“The diversity lottery visa's been criticized by many people as being pretty indiscriminate in terms of who's accepted into the country. I think it needs to be looked at. And I agree with the president that it can certainly be improved by more of a merit-based system.”
Sanders dismissed complaints that Trump was politicizing a tragedy, saying their calls for increasing extreme vetting of immigrants are “something that frankly the president has been talking about for a long time.”
Indeed, Trump has made repeated attempts to restrict entry into the country through various iterations of a travel ban, which have been blocked by federal courts. The administration has argued that it needs a temporary pause on entry from certain countries in order to develop stricter vetting measures and put them in place.
In the meantime, the administration has worked to improve information-sharing with various countries. It also has developed new requirements for entry into the U.S., such as the use of biometric passports that are more difficult to forge.
Officials could not elaborate on what new measures Trump was referring to in their tweet hours after the attack when they said they had “just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program.”
Sanders said that, since the tweet, the president had spoken several times with members of their national security team to “look and see” what more can be done.
“But,” they said, “we have put in place executive orders already since the president's taken office that help go as far as we can at this point.”
Trump's swift political response to the New York attacks contrasts with their wait-and-see approach after the October massacre of 59 people by a Las Vegas gunman. The White House then argued it was “premature” to discuss a legislative response and says now it is still studying whether to seek a ban on the modifications used by the Las Vegas shooter to fire their rifles at near-automatic rates.
The two responses offer the latest suggestions of how the culture wars that defined Trump's campaign may be coloring their actions.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump proposed a total ban on Muslim immigration to the U.S. before embracing “extreme vetting.” They have backed legislation that would curb legal immigration and shift the nation toward a system that would place an emphasis on merit and skills over family ties and diversity criteria.
Trump late Wednesday repeated their call. “CHAIN MIGRATION must end now!” they tweeted. “Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE!”
___
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
Medical students and residents during daily rounds at Our Lady of the Lake Regional Medical Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in 2015. Gerald Herbert/AP Images Once confined to the fringes of debate, the idea of single-payer healthcare is making a comeback with support from some unlikely places.
Single-payer healthcare is a system used in Canada, France, the UK, Australia, and other countries that in theory provides nearly universal coverage through the government rather than private insurance companies. (Some countries use a hybrid public/private structure.)
While progressive groups have long pushed for a single-payer system in the US, Democratic Party leaders are starting to suggest they are open to advocating such a system.
"We're going to look at broader things" for the nation's healthcare system, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said on ABC on Sunday. "Single-payer is one of them."
Some of the richest and most powerful Americans — many of them Republicans — have recently brought up the possibility of shifting to a single-payer system. It comes as the Republican-controlled government has spent months attempting to revamp the US healthcare system with legislation that would move the system further from single-payer.
Perhaps most striking was Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini recently saying at a private conference that the US should start considering the idea.
According to Vox's Sarah Kliff, Bertolini told Aetna employees at a town-hall-style meeting in May that they thought "we should have that debate" about single-payer "as a nation."
Kliff said that based on their comments, Bertolini did not support a total government-run single-payer system but could be open to a private-public system used in some nations.
"So the industry has always been the back room for government," Bertolini said. "If the government wants to pay all the bills, and employers want to stop offering coverage, and we can be there in a public private partnership to do the work we do today with Medicare, and with Medicaid at every state level, we run the Medicaid programs for them, then let's have that conversation."
The idea, for Bertolini, is that the government would finance insurers to provide the care, similar to Medicare for all. The Aetna CEO, however, said they didn't think total government-run healthcare was the solution, which makes sense, considering it would put them out of business.
"But if we want to turn it all over to the government to run, is the government really the right place to run all this stuff?" Bertolini said. "And that's the debate that needs to be had. They could finance it, and if there is one financer, and you could call that single-payer."
The shift is understandable for Aetna, since for the first time, most of its business is coming from government programs like Medicare and Medicaid. Additionally, as Bertolini likes to point out in interviews, the insurer was the first Medicare provider in 1965.
In addition to backing from the CEO of one of the five largest public insurers in the US, the single-payer idea has also received recent support from the business titans Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger.
Eric Francis/Getty Images
Munger, a Republican, railed against the current US healthcare system at Berkshire's annual meeting on May 6 and in subsequent interviews said the country should shift to single-payer.
"The whole system is cockamamie," Munger said in an interview with CNBC's Becky Quick in May. "It's almost ridiculous in its complexity, and it's steadily increasing cost, and Warren is absolutely right. It gives our companies a big disadvantage in competing with other manufacturers. They've got single-payer medicine, and we're paying it out of the company."
When asked by Quick if they supported single-payer, Buffett said, "I personally do."
Buffett also bemoaned the fact that healthcare costs make up roughly 17% of the US's gross domestic product — according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, it was 17.8% of GDP in 2015 — much more than any other developed nation. The Berkshire CEO said these increased costs for businesses, rather than the corporate tax rate, were holding back American competitiveness.
Even President Donald Trump, who has supported Republican-led efforts to overhaul the healthcare system, has praised Australia's public-private system in a meeting with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and in subsequent tweets.
"I shouldn't say this to our great gentleman and my friend from Australia, because you have better healthcare than we do," Trump said in their meeting with Turnbull on May 5.
After critics noted that Australia has a universal healthcare system in which the government pays roughly 70% of all costs, Trump used Twitter to defend the comment the next day.
"Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do — everybody does," Trump tweeted.
With Republican control of the presidency and Congress, much of the talk about single-payer is likely to amount to just talk on the national level. There is some action on the state level, though — both California and Illinois have recently discussed legislation that would provide a single-payer system, and others have previously discussed the issue.
An unsuccessful stockbroker charged with murdering their wife reportedly admitted in court this week that they had considered selling their 13-year-old daughter in Mexico to collect on their inheritance.
Rod Covlin, a former stockbroker and renowned backgammon player, is currently on trial for the strangulation death of their estranged wife, Shele Danishefsky, whose body was found in a bathtub in 2009.
Prosecutors say they had planned on meeting with their attorney the next day, ostensibly to cut Covlin out of them will.
Covlin was immediately named a suspect in their death, and evidence indicated a long period of harassment leading up to their murder: they allegedly accused their wife of sexually abusing their three-year-old son, snuck into their apartment and took photographs of the interior “as if to show them they had access,” and told their office supervisor they were a drug addict.
But they were never arrested—until last week, when they were finally charged with Shele's murder, just a few weeks before they were set to legally lay claim to their $4 million estate.
The pre-trial hearings have so far been equal parts lurid and bizarre. And the allegations aren't limited to the murder: prosecutors also say Covlin attempted to sell their teenage daughter in order to collect on their $1 million trust fund. A portion of the bail hearing transcript, via the New York Daily News:
“The defendant comes up with a plan to kidnap their 13-year-old daughter, take them to Mexico, and pay some Mexican $10,000 to marry them so that she'll no longer be a minor,” prosecutor Matthew Bogdanos said. Their plan was to “get custody, get access to all of the money.” “Some Mexican law firm can handle it, make sure it gets done properly,” Covlin is heard saying to an unidentified confidante on the tape, snippets of which were played in court. Justice Bonnie Wittner looked stunned as they heard what Covlin had described.
Their lawyer reportedly explained to the judge that Covlin was “desperate” and trying to regain custody of their kids.
“He did something that looking back even Mr. Covlin would say obviously they shouldn't have done, but it was not, again, money … it was to protect their children,” they argued.
Financial technology company Anthem Vault today launched HayekGold (the 'hayek'), a digital token that enables more people to own and spend gold. Each hayek represents 1 gram of gold stored in the secure, world-class vaulting facility in Salt Lake City, Utah, and will be purchased at the market value at the time of the transaction.
"We use the latest, most secure technology – the Bitcoin blockchain – that fuels hundreds of other crypto-related platforms," said Anthem Vault founder and CEO Anthem Blanchard. "The Hayek coalesces the most trusted store of value in history, gold, with the world's most secure exchange network, Bitcoin. Gold is hardly volatile and can help create a more anchored currency and savings plan."Blanchard, a lifelong advocate of decentralized sound money, is the son of James U. Blanchard III, who helped restore Americans' right to own gold bullion. The Hayek name leaves no doubts about Blanchard's political leanings.
“First of all, we love F. A. Hayek, one of the greatest contributors to the Austrian School of Economics,” states the HayekGold website. “He wrote a number of valuable books and articles about the free market, price theory, and more throughout the 20th century. Second, Anthem Vault's CEO is named Anthem Hayek Blanchard. Their parents loved F. A. Hayek's work so much that they named their son after him!”
Anthem Vault's initiative was previously referred to as HayekCoin. Anthem Vault decided to change the name to HayekGold to help clarify exactly what the crypto-asset is and how it works.
“When most people talk about cryptocoins, they are referring to a digital currency that can be mined (created) with a computer,” notes the HayekGold website. “HayekGold, however, does not involve any digital mining. Sure, the physical gold has to be mined in the traditional sense (by digging into the earth!), but the digital tokens can never be created out of thin air. They can only come into existence when real gold is deposited into Anthem Vault.”
Presumably, the company also wanted to avoid associations with “altcoins” of dubious reputation and trustworthiness. In fact, HayekGold runs on the Counterparty infrastructure, which is a layer on top of the Bitcoin network. That means that HayekGold is not an altcoin but a part of the Bitcoin ecosystem, and every transaction is recorded on and secured by the real Bitcoin blockchain.
AnthemVault
https://www.weusecoins.com/anthemvault-review/
provides individuals with an efficient and liquid way to buy, own and sell physical, 100 percent fine gold and silver bullion. All metals are securely stored with an independent world-class vaulting facility in Salt Lake City, Utah and are insured for loss by theft or natural disaster. Anthem Vault's offices and operations team are based in Las Vegas, Nevada. The company is incorporated as a Nevada corporation and regulated as a precious metals dealer by the U.S. Treasury.Other gold companies are discovering Bitcoin. In May, BitGold , a Canadian corporation with offices in Toronto and Milan and a network of secure vaults for gold storage, announced the public launch of the BitGold platform, a software service that connects gold storage with payment networks, resulting in a banking-like platform for gold.
Top Democrats are gearing up for President Obama's expected executive action on immigration by arguing their Republican predecessors also made policy by decree.
But a review of steps taken by former Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush -- whose executive actions Democrats have cited as precedent -- shows they only used their power to expand laws recently passed by Congress, not to impose new laws.
By contrast, what Obama is expected to do would go far beyond their predecessors' actions. And Obama's expected executive actions would not be rooted in any recently passed law.
The following is a timeline of the actions pursued by Reagan and Bush:
— In 1986, Congress approved the Immigration Reform and Control Act (IRCA). It made illegal immigrants eligible for temporary legal status, if they had been living in the U.S. since 1982, paid a fee and demonstrated “good moral character.” As a result, about 2.7 million immigrants were awarded green cards.
However, the law excluded the spouses and children of those who could benefit under IRCA if they did not meet the law's requirements.
— In early 1987, Congress introduced legislation to legalize these family members. Their efforts were not successful.
It was after this failed attempt that Reagan granted a deportation reprieve for children under 18 who were living in a two-parent household where both parents got amnesty – or living with a single parent who got amnesty. This, too, was limited, as a child living in a two-parent household where one parent was not eligible also was not eligible. Spouses were not eligible either. Reagan's executive action expanded the number of eligible people only nominally.
— After Reagan's term was over, Bush was left with the issue of the remaining family members who were not eligible under IRCA. Though the Senate passed legislation in the summer of 1989, the House didn't act on the Senate's bill.
Using the Immigration and Naturalization Service (which was dissolved in 2003 after the creation of the Department of Homeland Security), Bush instituted a "family fairness" policy, which protected all spouses and children of those legalized under IRCA.
Congress soon followed suit, however. By October of 1990, Congress passed the Immigration Act of 1990, including a permanent "Family Unity" provision. The law expanded Bush's administrative fix to include children under 21. In total, roughly 1.5 million individuals related to those already legalized under IRCA benefited from the policy approved by Bush, and later passed by Congress.
— By contrast, Obama is looking at potentially enacting their own policy that gives a reprieve to millions. The president first approved a deportation reprieve in 2012 for some illegal immigrants who came to the U.S. as children. But according to a draft document, he's considering drastically expanding that program to include even more who came to the U.S. as children, as well as their parents. Together, these actions could cover up to nearly 5 million people.
Further, while the Senate in June 2013 passed an immigration overhaul that includes a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants, the House has not passed such a bill.
What's next?
Colin Taylor with Occupy Democrats just reported a story of more violence, this time in Janesville, Wisconsin, between Trump fans and Trump protesters—some from Black Lives Matter. Molly Beck from the Wisconsin State Journal was at the scene and saw a 15-year-old girl pepper-sprayed. The attack with the spray appears to be less than a foot away from the teen's face. They reportedly needed medical assistance after the altercation.
The heavily white town with a lengthy history with the Ku Klux Klan exploded into chaos this afternoon as hundreds of Black Lives Matter activists clashed with racists.
It's unknown who started the clash, but it's clear the response was extreme. Taylor writes:
This is a low point of American history that we won't be able to soon recover from. Win or lose, the hangover from the Trump campaign is clearly not going away any time soon. This is fascism at work.
Indeed.
Here is Beck's video taken by @derek94gt.
x Here's a video (and prev photo) taken by @derek94gt of the punch/pepper spray incident at the Janesville Trump rally pic.twitter.com/iVCHvsISDi — Molly Beck (@MollyBeck) March 29, 2016
Here is a GIF from another view.
x Video from #Janesville Trump rally shows protester pushed supporter, then pepper sprayed https://t.co/psWML6aGXA pic.twitter.com/WVpgkjWkln — Brian Ries (@moneyries) March 29, 2016
What's next? Most of us shudder to think.
UPDATE — March 29, 2016, 11:00 PM EDT: Occupy Democrats interviewed the young girl later. They said they were being groped by a Trump supporter. After telling them to stop, they told them they were a grown man and they shouldn't be grabbing a 15-year-old girl. They laughed and continued groping and that when they lashed out at him. They immediately pepper-sprayed them at close range.
Tom Head, a county judge in Lubbock, Texas, plunged far out into the periphery of anti-President Barack Obama conspiracy theories on Monday, pushing a particularly outrageous one as justification for a tax increase in the county.
Head told FOX34 that Lubbock's law enforcement needed extra tax dollars in order to be prepared for a full-scale uprising, which they said could be a byproduct of Obama's reelection. According to Head, the president is seeking to sign a variety of United Nations treaties that will effectively take precedent over domestic law.
“He's going to try to hand over the sovereignty of the United States to the U.N., and what is going to happen when that happens?” Head asked. “I'm thinking the worst. Civil unrest, civil disobedience, civil war maybe. And we're not just talking a few riots here and demonstrations, we're talking Lexington, Concord, take up arms and get rid of the guy."
Head continued, delving deeper into their hypothesis and claiming that they were prepared to join the hypothetical resistance.
"Now what's going to happen if we do that, if the public decides to do that? He's going to send in U.N. troops. I don't want 'em in Lubbock County. OK. So I'm going to stand in front of their armored personnel carrier and say, 'You're not coming in here,'" the judge said. "And the sheriff, I've already asked him, I said, 'You gonna back me?' They said, 'Yeah, I'll back you.' Well, I don't want a bunch of rookies back there. I want trained, equipped, seasoned veteran officers to back me."
So, there you have it. Head would have listeners believe that they must agree to increase Lubbock's property tax rate by 1.7 cents in the next fiscal year, or risk being forced to submit to a foreign occupying force invited into the nation by the president of the United States.
Of course, this theory is entirely bunked.
Anything signed by the president as part of a U.N. Convention “can only be implemented through domestic legislation enacted by Congress or state legislatures, in a manner and time-frame determined by our own legislative process.” Effectively, broader U.N. provisions can't supersede laws passed by Congress, and only serve as guiding principles for signatories to consider.
While it might seem outrageous that such a bizarre conspiracy theory is being promoted by an elected official -- as grounds to support a particular policy no less -- Head isn't the only one.
GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney appeared to give some credence to the same theory in response to a question at a town hall in Ohio last month.
Through 45:11 seconds -- the last moment that one of the Thompson Trio appears in the play-by-play -- Albany scored 22 goals against Massachusetts. The offensive display that Great Danes put on at Garber Field was completely bonkers, the kind of effort that appears possible only by robots sent from the future with the lone purpose of embarrassing goalkeepers through systematic programming designed to somehow take control of Earth via concentrated goal scoring. Those 2,711 seconds were pure fire from Albany's offense, one of the most impressive offensive outputs that I have ever attempt to comprehend:
TRUNCATED ADVANCED BOX SCORE: ALBANY-MASSACHUSETTS (THROUGH FIRST 45:11 MINUTES) METRIC ALBANY MASSACHUSETTS Offensive Opportunities 31 30 Raw Offensive Efficiency 70.97 23.33 Raw Offensive Shooting Rate 52.38% 20.00% Shots per Offensive Opportunity 1.35 1.17 Turnovers per 100 Offensive Opportunities 22.58 30.00 Saves per 100 Defensive Opportunities 53.33 22.58 Team Save Percentage 69.57% 24.14%
If it didn't actually happen you'd think that it's fiction: Albany scored on almost 71 percent of their possessions, shot over 52 percent as a group, valued the ball like crazy, and held Massachusetts to a paltry 24.14 save percentage. That is not normal unless normal involves unrestrained anarchy. Teams get hot in spurts, but the Great Danes -- in 31 possessions (teams played an average of 33 offensive possessions per 60 minutes of play in 2013) -- were unbelievably consistent and unyielding in their offensive production, tallying 22 goals on 31 offensive opportunities. And it's not like Massachusetts was a bucket of garbage, either. Albany uncorked an offensive ass-beating of epic proportions, and it was the Thompson Trio -- Lyle, Miles, and Ty -- that were predominantly responsible for what Albany was able to accomplish against the Minutemen.
Digging into the Thompson Trio's contributions to Albany's evisceration of Massachusetts and the scoreboard, something becomes clear: The trio's performance may stand as the most notable single-game effort from three offensive players in fewer than 60 minutes of play. I have no information to support this possibility, but the data here is unreal:
THE THOMPSON TRIO'S PRODUCTION AGAINST MASSACHUSETTS (THROUGH FIRST 41:11 MINUTES) METRIC LYLE MILES TY THOMPSON TRIO TEAM Shooting Percentage 80.00% 75.00% 50.00% 65.22% 52.38% Shots on Goal Percentage 100.00% 100.00% 60.00% 82.61% 69.05% Percent of Shots Saved 20.00% 25.00% 10.00% 17.39% 16.67% Opponent Save Percentage on Shots 20.00% 25.00% 16.67% 21.05% 24.14% Percentage of Total Goals 18.18% 27.27% 22.73% 68.18% N/A Percentage of Total Assists 50.00% 7.14% 0.00% 57.14% N/A Percentage of Total Points 30.56% 19.44% 13.89% 63.89% N/A Percentage of Total Shots 11.90% 19.05% 23.81% 54.76% N/A Percentage of Total Shots on Goal 17.24% 27.59% 20.69% 65.52% N/A Estimated Percentage of Possessions Ended 41.94% 32.26% 19.35% 77.42% N/A Estimated Percentage of Possessions Ended Positively 35.48% 22.58% 16.13% 58.06% N/A Estimated Percentage of Possessions Ended Negatively 6.45% 9.68% 3.23% 19.35% N/A Estimated Net Benefit +29.03% +12.90% +12.90% +38.71% N/A Estimated Points per 100 Offensive Opportunities 35.48 22.58 16.13 74.19 116.13
Some brief notes on this:
Lyle ended almost half of Albany's offensive opportunities -- importantly, offensive opportunities that generated tallies 70 percent of the time -- on their own. In another way, Lyle ended over 35 percent of Albany's total offensive opportunities during the first 45:11 of playing -- constituting 31 possessions -- doing something positive. That is not just a valuable cog to Albany's war machine; that is the cog to Albany's war machine.
Of Miles' six goals, Lyle assisted them on four tallies. Miles' positive impact on the day was heavily influenced by Lyle, further increasing the worth of Lyle to the Danes' efforts against Massachusetts.
These estimated net benefit numbers are bonkers. An estimated 18 of 31 Albany possessions over the period examined ended with a Thompson doing something wonderful. And none of these guys made boneheaded mistakes! The good so far outweighed the bad that the Thompson Trio existed in their own stratosphere. Hell, Lyle was an elite offense -- not an elite player; an elite offense -- all on their own against the Minutemen.
This shouldn't happen in Division I lacrosse. Opposing coaches are too sophisticated and opposing players are too good to let something like this happen. Yet, the Thompson Trio exploded the restrictions of possibility this past weekend, painting an offensive portrait that will stand for generations as seminal in its time.
Paul Pogba is certainly one of France's best. After captaining their side to FIFA U-20 World Cup glory in 2013, they have since stepped up to represent their country at the highest level, featuring at the 2014 FIFA World Cup™ in Brazil and reaching the final of UEFA EURO 2016 in their homeland. The 23-year-old has also represented *Les Bleus *admirably by becoming one of the world's standout midfielders at club level, winning four consecutive Serie A titles with Juventus before becoming the most expensive player on the planet with a multi-million pound move to Manchester United last year.
The imposing midfielder is emblematic of a new generation of French talent, perhaps the finest collection of players since ​the country hosted and won the 1998 World Cup, led by one of Pogba's idols Zinedine Zidane. Like their friend and France team-mate Antoine Griezmann, the Manchester United man was nominated for The Best FIFA Men's Player, making the shortlist of 23. The Atleti *forward went one step further though, making it into the final three, alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. Pogba sat down with *​FIFA.com *​to discuss *​Grizou​'s chances of usurping Ronaldo and Messi, as well as discussing Zidane, a nominee for The Best FIFA Men's Coach Award, and giving their take on the FIFA Puskás Award finalists.
FIFA.com: Antoine Griezmann has been nominated for The Best Men's Player award alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi – how does it feel to see a French national team-mate, and friend, up for such an award?Paul Pogba:I'm very proud of him. I know what he's been through. When they arrived at Atletico Madrid the first year, they aren't playing all the time, they were on the bench. They talked to me, saying they were frustrated, that it was hard as they aren't playing. After that they kept working hard, and now he's one of the three nominees for The Best award. I'm very happy for him, especially to see a French player doing so well. You can see the French players are going back to the basics, like our predecessors.
What would you say are Griezmann's main qualities?I think it's their finishing. They aren't a striker before but now they scores so many goals. He's very clever and they play with their body. He's not that big, he's small, he's fast and agile and they score goals. That makes them Griezmann, the very good player that they are.
*What's they like in the dressing room? *You would be surprised! He's one of the funniest guys I've met and played with.  They are someone who always has fun in training, they work hard but with pleasure, as a game. We have fun. They sometimes go in goal, doing some amazing saves, other times he'll act like he's Didier Drogba, holding the ball up.
You often show some impressive dance moves on social media, what about Antoine?He's got something! (laughs). He's got some moves. But they won't show it! They don't want me to say it, he's someone who doesn't want to show their skills. He's a good dancer for sure.
*As far as goal celebrations go, you seem to have made 'the dab' your own. What do you make of Griezmann's goal celebrations? *You know what? Their ['Hotline Bling' goal celebration at EURO 2016] was special because they were the only one to do it. But my dab was more powerful around the world than their ‘Hotline Bling' celebration. To be honest though, even I was doing their ‘Hotline Bling'! I think that shows it's good... (laughs)
Messi and Ronaldo have shared the top award between them since 2008. When do you see an end to their dominance?When they stop scoring goals, and they stop playing at the level that they are – or when you have other players who will play as well as them, or even better. Even if they are as good as Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi, the style, the way they play, the way they act off the pitch, it's more than football now, I would say. When you have someone who can go above them, into that level on the pitch and outside the pitch that's when it will happen. I don't know when though because they're still at the highest level.
This is football, I love seeing them play, I love seeing them score goals, they make me love football even more. When I see them, it makes me improve even more. It makes me want to try to catch them.
Who do you think can break up their hold on the award?Of course, there are other players who can do that. We have Zlatan [Ibrahimovic] at Manchester United. Even they could do it. He's 35 years old, but the way he's playing, the way he's scoring goals, you can see that he's been in the top level for more than ten years. [Eden] Hazard, Neymar, [Luis] Suarez are doing so well and scoring goals, these are great players who – if they keep scoring – can do that. They need to keep scoring though, because that's the case with Cristiano and Messi, whose performances are always on top.
You were on the shortlist of 23 again for The Best this year. How close do you feel you are to being in the final three?I'm still far away. It's good to be in the top ten, five or three but that's not really what I'm about. If I'm in the top three, I want to be the number one – so that means I'm still very far away. I have to keep working hard and playing well because I don't like to be second, or third, they're the worst places to be. You would be proud, of course, because it means you're on the way, but you want to finish first.
Another Frenchman, Zinedine Zidane, is nominated for The Best Men's Coach this year. How much of an idol was they for you growing up?
I admire them a lot. When I was younger, I was watching their videos, the way they were playing. I love big players, but there are some players who have something extra. On the pitch you have 11 players, in the squad, 22, and you see only one or two. You always see them doing something special, the way he's playing, it's beautiful to see. Ronaldinho was the same, these are players who have something special – they have that. I was always watching him. The ball was in one place but I was always looking for Zidane.
You were just five years old when they scored their headers in the 1998 World Cup Final against Brazil. How much of that tournament do you remember?Zidane was Zidane. They saved France. Everybody was talking about Zidane. But we don't often speak about [Fabien] Barthez, and [Lilian] Thuram's goals [in the semi-final against Croatia]. They had a very good team, they were complete. We speak about Zidane because they scored those two headers in the final. To be honest, I would applaud the other players as well.
*He once said that you could “become one of the best players ever.” How does it feel to receive praise like that from him? *When somebody like that says something like that, you flop and go down to the floor! You have to be positive and take it in a good way. You have to be focused because if you go in the other direction, backwards, people will say: “ah, now, you see – people were speaking about them in that way, and look where they are.” You have to be focused, know where you want to go. I have my goals, and I won't stop until I reach them.
You've scored some spectacular goals in your time, so you're well-placed to give your judgement. Which of the three FIFA Puskás Award finalists would you vote for, and why?Because she's playing at U-17 level, scoring such a beautiful solo goal, I would say my vote would go to Daniuska [Rodriguez]. The free kick, and the overhead kick are both brilliant, but I'd go for hers.
Are there any goals you've scored which you think are worthy of being nominated for the Puskàs Award?If it was the Pogba Award, instead of the Puskas Award? (laughs). Third place, because of the technique, would be my volley against Swansea. This is because of the technique, it wasn't easy (laughs). (Editor's note: in Manchester United's 3-1 win against Swansea, 6 November 2016). Second one, against Napoli for Juventus. I missed my touch first, the ball went high and I smashed it in (Editor's note: in a 3-0 win against Napoli, 10 November 2013). The first one, my favourite, was against Udinese. Look it up! *(Editor's note: in a 4-0 win, 19 January 2013). *
Atletico Madrid striker Diego Costa is set to be named in the next Spain squad, despite having already made two friendly appearances for their native Brazil.
Diego Costa has played for Brazil already this year but as it was a friendly they are free to switch nationality.
Costa, 24, was born in the north-eastern Brazilian province of Sergipe, and joined Atletico Madrid in 2007. After initially being regularly sent out on loan they have blossomed under Diego Simeone, and is currently La Liga's ‘Pichichi' with seven goals in their first six games this season.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari called up Costa for friendlies in March 2013 against Italy and Russia, but left them out of the squad for the Confederations Cup, with Jo and Fred getting the two central striking berths.
Costa took Spanish citizenship last July, and El Pais reports that Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) officials have now prepared the relevant paperwork and expect the formalities to be completed in time for Vicente del Bosque to name the bustling forward in their squad for Spain's qualifiers at home to Belarus and Georgia in early October.
Del Bosque has regularly tried different players in a central striking role, including Alvaro Negredo, David Villa, Roberto Soldado, Fernando Llorente and Cesc Fabregas, without finding a solution they were fully happy with.
Capping Costa would also have the happy -- for Spain -- result of denying one of their main rivals for next summer's World Cup access to a player who is currently in superb form.
The player themselves has been coy whenever asked about the possibility of switching countries, but is thought to like the idea of playing for the reigning world and European champions.
Costa's Atletico team-mate Koke -- who only made their senior Spain debut in August, but has played in all three La Roja games since -- told AS that Costa was lucky to have such a choice to make.
“I do not know as I am not Diego Costa,” Koke said. “He has the great luck to decide between Spain and Brazil.  They are a great player. We have not asked him, we will see what they decide.”
Colchoneros goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois pointed out that the practice of ‘naturalising' Brazilians was pretty common even among established European nations.
“In Belgium there are also players like this who have to choose between two teams, some are Brazilian and play for the national team,” Courtois said. “It depends on where you feel you are from, it is something we must respect.”
AS says the RFEF are also making a similar move to include another Brazil-born Atletico player, Leo Baptistao, in the next Spain Under-21 squad. The 21-year-old forward, who arrived in Spain to join Rayo Vallecano aged 16, has not yet taken Spanish citizenship but could do so in the coming weeks.
I think the New York Times has this one right. "For more than five months the United States has been trying to orchestrate a political transition in Pakistan that would manage to somehow keep Gen. Pervez Musharraf in power without making a mockery of President Bush's promotion of democracy in the Muslim world. On Saturday, those carefully laid plans fell apart spectacularly."
Not since Hamas' dramatic victory in the Palestinian elections has the disconnect between Bush's democratic rhetoric and reality of U.S. policy been so starkly exposed. In the former case, Washington responded to democracy with rejection, and support for the Fatah coup. How will it respond to Musharraf's assault on the fading facade of incipient Pakistani democracy?
Recall that Musharraf toppled the democratically elected president of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif, in 1999. The year before Pakistan had conducted nuclear weapons tests, and been slapped with U.S. sanctions. Relations with the military dictatorship were cool until 9-11, after which Musharraf became a key U.S. ally in the "war on terror" and recipient of massive U.S. aid.
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell, through their deputy Richard Armitage, told Musharraf: "Be prepared to be bombed. Be prepared to go back to the Stone Age," if they were unwilling to cooperate in the destruction of Afghanistan's Taliban regime. That regime was largely a creation of Pakistani military intelligence, and Pakistan and Saudi Arabia its main supporters. But Musharraf agreed to break ties, host U.S. forces, and even to suppress any (democratic) anti-U.S. demonstrations in their country.
Using Pakistani military bases as part of its campaign, the U.S. swiftly overthrew the primitive Taliban apparatus, chased al-Qaeda and some of the Talibs across the border into Pakistan, allowed the reemergence of the Northern Alliance warlord regime with a Pashtun fig-leaf figurehead, proclaimed a great victory and then without skipping a beat shifted its attention to the wholly unrelated target of Iraq.
In the border area, often described as "lawless" and never fully controlled by the central government of Pakistan, tribal leaders met the routed Afghans as well as the al-Qaeda Arabs with hospitality. In the interim, the latter have not only survived, regrouped and facilitated military opposition to the Karzai regime in Kabul, but acquired a following within Pakistan. There is now a Pakistani Taliban movement that in coalition with other anti-government Islamist movements in the country (alongside "moderate" democratic movements as well) seriously challenges Musharraf's regime. In July, in an effort to crack down on Islamist forces, the government stormed the Red Mosque in Islamabad, killing 183 according to the BBC. Tensions between the Islamists (who are well represented in the military) and Musharraf are at a boiling point, recently obliging them to reach out to political rival former prime minister Banazir Bhutto
The U.S. put Musharraf in a very difficult position. "You must agree," it told them in 2001, "to help us overthrow Pakistan's own creation, the Taliban." After they did, they were told, "You must send your soldiers to places in your country they have never been deployed before, to crush the fleeing Afghans and al-Qaeda terrorists. Or we will do it for you." The region where these forces have taken refuge is, as Eric Margolis recently wrote in an excellent column, "under express constitutional guarantee of total autonomy and a ban on Pakistani troops ever entering there." Pakistani army efforts to crush them have met with dismal results, forcing Islamabad to in effect sue for peace a year ago.
In September 2006 the government signed a pact with tribal groups, including the "Islamic Emirate of Waziristan" whereby the latter would prevent cross-border movement of militants into and out of Afghanistan in exchange for the government's cessation of air and ground attacks against militants in Waziristan. This met with some concern in Washington, and Voice of America announced that the pact had Mullah Omar's blessing. But Bush spokesperson Tony Snow at the time said that the agreement was aimed at combating terrorism and that Islamabad had assured the U.S. the accord wouldn't undermine the hunt for Osama bin Laden. In any case, the attack on the Red Mosque led to reprisals on government forces in Waziristan and the collapse of the Waziristan Accord.
The National Intelligence Estimate (NIE), the collective product of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies concerning national security issues, was released last July just as the accord broke down. It declared that al-Qaeda has regained the same strength it had as of the 9-11 attacks due to (1) the "safe haven" it has enjoyed in parts of Pakistan and (2) its association with "al-Qaeda in Iraq," which has allowed it to "energize the broader Sunni extremist community, raise resources, and to recruit and indoctrinate operatives …" That set the neocons chattering about a U.S. attack on Pakistan.
"I think the president's going to have to take military action there over the next few weeks or months," Bill Kristol said on Fox News. "Bush has to disrupt that sanctuary. I think, frankly, we won't even tell Musharraf. We'll do what we have to do in Western Pakistan and Musharraf can say, 'Hey, they didn't tell me.'" It got the White House talking tough. Tony Snow answering reporters' questions refused to rule out striking at targets inside Pakistan. Asked if the U.S. would seek Pakistan's permission before a strike, they said "We never rule out any options, including striking actionable targets. … Those are matters that are best not discussed publicly." They declared that Musharraf is "going to have to be more aggressive" in going after al-Qaeda in Pakistan.
In fact, the U.S. had already conducted strikes. One in January 2006 a military airstrike targeting the village of Damadola in the Bajaur tribal area of northwestern Pakistan killed at least 18 people, including women and children. It apparently targeted al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri. The U.S. government denied responsibility, which suggests this was a CIA operation. During the same month a missile attack killed eight people in a village in North Waziristan, prompting protests throughout the country and two official letters of protest hand-delivered from the Foreign Office to U.S. embassy officials. Their American allies' disregard for Pakistani sovereignty was becoming an acute embarrassment for Musharraf.
Only July 20 Pakistan's Foreign Office spokesperson Tasneem Aslam called US officials' comments about striking targets along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border "irresponsible and dangerous," adding, We cannot, nor should we be expected to take indiscriminate action over a large territory without any precise information about any Al Qaeda or terrorist hideout." But the following day Bush in their weekly radio address stated they were troubled by the report that al-Qaeda was gaining strength in the Pakistani tribal region. Then Frances Fragos Townsend, Bush's homeland security adviser, told CNN that if the U.S. has "actionable targets, anywhere in the world, including Pakistan, then we would respond to those targets. … There are no options off the table." This produced an immediate angry response from the Pakistani Foreign Minister, Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri, who told CNN: "Some people are talking irresponsibly of attack in the tribal areas by the United States. People in Pakistan get very upset when, despite all the sacrifices that Pakistan has been making, you have the sort of questions that are sometimes asked by the American media… [But] indiscriminate attacks could only undercut efforts to win hearts and minds."
On July 25, Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Peter Verga told an unusual joint session of the House Armed Services Committee and Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, "If there were information or opportunity to strike a blow" on Pakistani territory "to protect the American people" U.S. forces would act immediately. On the same day at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, State Department Undersecretary for Political Affairs R. Nicholas Burns declared, "Given the primacy of the fight against al-Qaeda and Osama bin Laden, if we have in the future certainty of knowledge, then of course the United States would always have the option of taking action on its own."
Of course this sort of talk did not go down well in Pakistan, and it had to worry the general. Their goal was to survive assassination attempts and serve a third term as president. To do that, they had to get the parliament to change the constitution and prevent the Supreme Court from declaring such a move illegal. Thus, they suspended the Chief Justice in March. But the judge, Iftikhar Chaudhry, was reinstated by the Court in July, handing Musharraf a setback just as the U.S. was ratcheting up pressure on him. Thereafter, Condi Rice has been twisting their arm to accept an arrangement whereby Bhutto, back in Pakistan, can organize their Pakistan People's Party to work with them to support the "war on terror." That deal requires that they leave their Army post.
Last month Musharraf won the parliamentary vote for president, but the Supreme Court has yet to rule on whether they can legitimately hold the post without resigning from the army. Perhaps anticipating a negative decision, they have now declared a state of emergency and is busy locking up political opponents and shutting down the independent press. They have perhaps determined that to do otherwise they would either (1) fall to a "People's Power" type movement coalescing around Bhutto (no democrat but with some populist appeal), or (2) fall to Islamist forces including some in the military. They might also feel that the first of these results would lead dangerously to the second, embroiling Pakistan in conflict with the U.S.
Washington forced Musharraf into their present position. He's the leader of a nation in which the Taliban's presence and popularity grows. This results from no fault of their own but as a result of the "regime change" exercise in Afghanistan six years ago and its failure to destroy either the Taliban or al-Qaeda. He's the leader of a nation in which Osama bin Laden's popularity is far greater than their own. He's the leader of a nation appalled (like most nations) at the carnage in Iraq, resulting from an invasion based on lies. He's the leader of a Muslim nation with a huge Shiite minority (the second largest Shiite population in the world, next to Iran) whose adherents will—with likely Sunni support—react with outrage to a U.S. attack on neighboring brotherly Iran. He's been put in a very tight spot by the neocons' wild moves towards the creation of an American Raj in Southwest Asia. They want to cooperate, but he's perhaps reached the point where they feel that to say "Yes, Ma'am" again to Condi will not just mean their own political fall but the rise of others whom the U.S. will target with deadly force.
"Be prepared to be bombed. Be prepared to go back to the Stone Age." According to Musharraf on CBS's 60 Minutes,that's what Colin Powell's deputy told them in 2001. Surely such words haunt him, and played a role in their decision to declare the state of emergency, "making," as the New York Times puts it, "a mockery of President Bush's promotion of democracy in the Muslim world."
The U.S. State Department, having reportedly discouraged Musharraf from declaring martial law in the past, pronounces itself "deeply disturbed" by the "extra-constitutional actions" they have taken. Possibly this just another sniffle of hypocrisy dripping from Pinocchio's lengthening nose. Maybe the move received prior authorization from Musharraf's patrons in Washington. Quite possibly the Vice President's office has a different reaction from the State Department's (often the case) and feels a stronger, more dictatorial Musharraf will be a more useful ally when the missiles hit Iran. Surely we will soon see how sincere these U.S. expressions of support for the Pakistani constitution and "democracy" really are.
_______
PARKSVILLE - Effective at noon on Sept. 18, 2017, the BC Wildfire Service has rescinded the campfire prohibition that was in effect within the Coastal Fire Centre's jurisdiction. The use of tiki torches (and similar kinds of torches), outdoor stoves, gas stoves and other portable campfire equipment is also now permitted. A map of the affected areas is available online at: http://ow.ly/cHwI30ffC5O
However, some activities are still prohibited within the Coastal Fire Centre's jurisdiction, including the use of:
* fireworks (including firecrackers)
* sky lanterns
* binary exploding targets
* burn barrels or burn cages of any size or description
The current prohibition on Category 2 and Category 3 open fires also remains in place throughout the Coast Fire Centre's jurisdiction, except for the Fog Zone on Vancouver Island.
Members of the public are reminded that local governments may have their own burning bylaws in place and campfires may still be prohibited within those areas. People should always check with local authorities before lighting any fire of any size.
Some parts of southern Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands have received very little rainfall in recent weeks. Campers and other outdoor recreationalists are reminded to take the following precautions when lighting a campfire:
* Select the campfire site carefully and remove all leaves, twigs and other flammable material from the area.
* Create a fire break by scraping away debris right down to the dirt all around the fire.
* Use a fire pit or put a ring of rocks around the campfire site that is at least three metres away from trees, shrubs, structures and other flammable materials.
* Campfires must not be bigger than a half-metre wide and a half-metre high.
* Never leave a campfire unattended.
* Keep at least eight litres of water or a shovel close by at all times to extinguish your campfire properly.
* Make sure that your campfire is completely extinguished before going to sleep. Ensure that the fire is completely extinguished and the ashes are cold to the touch before leaving the area for any length of time.
Anyone found in contravention of an open burning prohibition may be issued a ticket for $1,150, required to pay an administrative penalty of up to $10,000 or, if convicted in court, fined up to $100,000 and/or sentenced to one year in jail. If the contravention causes or contributes to a wildfire, the person responsible may be ordered to pay all firefighting and associated costs.
The Coastal Fire Centre covers all of the area west of the height of land on the Coast Mountain Range from the U.S.-Canada border at Manning Park, including Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park in the north, the Sunshine Coast, the Lower Mainland, Vancouver Island, the Gulf Islands and Haida Gwaii.
To report a wildfire or open burning violation, call 1 800 663-5555 toll-free or *5555 on a cellphone. For up-to-date information on current wildfire activity, burning restrictions, road closures and air quality advisories, call 1 888 3-FOREST or visits: www.bcwildfire.ca
People can also follow the latest wildfire news on:
* Twitter: http://twitter.com/BCGovFireInfo
* Facebook: http://facebook.com/BCForestFireInfo
Quick Facts:
* The Fog Zone is a two-kilometre strip of land along the outer coast of Vancouver Island, stretching from Owen Point (near Port Renfrew) north to the tip of Vancouver Island and around to the boundary of the District of Port Hardy. This strip extends inland two kilometres from the high tide point.
* A map of the Fog Zone is available online at: http://ow.ly/bCJc30caIul
Learn More:
A poster explaining the different categories of open burning is available online at:
Contact:
Jeanne Larsen
Fire Information Officer
BC Wildfire Service
Coastal Fire Centre
250 951-4209
Connect with the Province of B.C. at: www.gov.bc.ca/connect
Delta Air Lines is allowing airline employees to offer up to nearly $10,000 to encourage passengers to give up their seats on overbooked flights, according to The Associated Press on Friday.
The change comes as rival United Airlines struggles with the fallout of a passenger's forced removal from a sold-out flight last weekend.
The AP said it obtained an internal Delta memo authorizing the airline's gate agents to offer as much as $2,000 in compensation for overbooked flights, up from a previous high of $800. Delta supervisors can now offer up to $9,950, up from a $1,350 maximum.
United faced national outrage over its treatment of a passenger who refused to give up their seat to airline personnel last weekend. A video showing the passenger, David Dao, being forced from of their seat and dragged off the plane by security officials went viral.
ADVERTISEMENT
Dao's attorney on Thursday claimed their client, a 69-year-old doctor, suffered a concussion, broken nose and lost two teeth during the April 9 violence.
Dao plans on suing United, with a hearing scheduled for Monday in Illinois.
United is reportedly compensating all passengers on the flight for the price of their tickets.
United CEO Oscar Munoz has twice apologized for the company's handling of the confrontation.
Please join us this coming Monday, March 28 at 1pm Eastern on our Facebook page for a live video presentation, powered by Livestream, from Cato research fellow Julian Sanchez on the current state of online privacy policy.
Here is a brief list of topics he'll cover:
An update on current challenges to overturn FISA, and what it means to you and me if those challenges succeed or fail
How this relates to current and recent efforts to reauthorize the Patriot Act, including a recap of testimony Sanchez recently delivered to the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security
What's on the FBI's surveillance wish list
Reflections on the idea of an “online privacy bill of rights”
We hope you can join us next Monday at 1pm Eastern for this event. Be sure to log in to Livestream with your Facebook account so you can chat with each other and submit questions–we'll try to take as many as we can.
Not a fan of the Cato Institute yet? Join us below:
Originally published October 11, 1996, in Comics Buyer's Guide #1195
I think I finally understand Rob Liefeld. Which is cold comfort I suppose, considering the last couple of weeks he's been having, but there it is.
Several things crystallized this newly-found comprehension for me.
First and foremost was the publication of the first issue of their new Captain America. Not since that security guard in Atlanta was raked over the coals during the Olympics (in a still-pending investigation) has any one individual been accused of perpetrating a bomb on unsuspecting Americans before all the evidence was in.
Then, when the book did come out, computer postings seemed to dwell with incredible hostility on every single art gaffe. I do not except myself here; after all, I had the characters make fun of their own goof-ups and inconsistencies in the previous installment of this column. The moral of that particular story being: Never release undialogued black-and-white versions of your work. It makes it too easy. (Although at least somebody caught the nine-button phone keypad just before the book went to the printer and added in the AWOL remaining three buttons. Now if only they'd thought to add a slot for the coin, or a receiver that looks like a receiver rather than a Lady Bic electric shaver.) And then there's that classic first page, as pointed out by retailer Bob Kane (no relation) at Destiny Comics in Long Island: wherein one World War II soldier is wielding a gun apparently never used on this planet, much less in WWII, while another soldier, seemingly not trusting the bizarrely constructed weapon (who can blame him?) is simply firing blasts directly out of their hand. He's miming holding the gun, but there isn't anything there, yet something is shooting.
And then there's—ah, but I swore I wouldn't get into that.
But what really put me into the “right” frame of mind regarding Rob was that I started dwelling on movies. Specifically, Marvel movies. I was thinking about the spate of Marvel films some years back, both TV and theatrical—the ones where unilateral changes were made for apparently no rhyme or reason.
Like the Captain America TV movie with the clear plastic shield.
Or the Incredible Hulk movies that introduced Thor or Daredevil, who were the Marvel characters in name only, as we agonized over watching Don Blake become a channeling device for Thor the Norse biker warrior. Or Daredevil wearing a wrestling outfit with a blindfold over their face, advertising to the entire world that they were blind (although effective performances by Rex Smith as Murdock and John Rhys-Davies as the hirsute Kingpin salvaged it to some degree).
Or the Dr. Strange TV movie, which really wasn't half bad, but if the name had been changed to Mystic Man, the film would have worked exactly the same with no recognizable connection to Doc Strange. In fact, Full Moon's straight-to-video Doctor Mordrid felt more like a Dr. Strange movie than Dr. Strange did. And, of course, there was the Incredible Hulk TV show, which worked to a degree because of Bill Bixby's quiet sincerity, and because it was basically a rehash of the TV-friendly The Fugitive (which in turn was a rehash of Les Miserables, and God only knows where Victor Hugo got it from), thereby making it easy for viewers to get a handle on.
But there were no Rick Jones, no Betty, no Thunderbolt Ross, no Gamma Bomb, and no words out of a seriously depowered Hulk. (And I'm still fielding questions from comic book outsiders who are surprised there's still a Hulk comic, because they saw The Death of the Incredible Hulk, in which the Hulk died falling from a helicopter. And I explain to them that the Hulk could fall from orbit and just dust themselves off and walk away.) Basically we had a Dr. Banner who was Banner in name only (and not even the same name) and a Hulk who bore no resemblance to the comic book perception of the character (but, then again, fans of the original Hulk have made the same complaint about my treatment of him, so perhaps I shouldn't point fingers).
And stuff like this drove the fans nuts. The sentiment was, “Why can't Hollywood do the characters right?” And “right” had only one meaning: Do them as they had been done in the comic books. Don't mess with the costumes. Don't muck with the origins. Stan Lee and Jack Kirby knew what they were doing and produced stories that withstood the test of time. Who in hell were these California guys to come in and completely retool the very beginnings of these characters? To re-envision and reinvent them, to tell the stories differently? To call characters by names that had no relation to their comic book counterparts? Well, Marvel heard the complaints. Marvel was unhappy with the results. And Marvel swore it would take a firmer hand on the TV versions of its characters. When next you saw movies featuring the Marvel heroes, it would be with scripts that were faithful to the roots of the Marvel universe.
And what has happened since that pledge? Well… lessee… While the wretched Captain America movie languishes on a few video shelves, and while the ultra-cheapo and fairly dull Fantastic Four movie shows up in the pirated boxes of video dealers at conventions…
The comic books became the movie versions.
Rather than protect the Marvel roots, Marvel tempted root rot by welcoming the movie mindset into its own doors.
California guys have come in and been invited to do “versions” of the classic Marvel characters with no requirement of fealty to the originals. Many of the characters trotting through the pages of the new and improved “Heroes Reborn” comics bear as much resemblance to the original characters as Biker Warrior Thor did to the Son of Odin.
For what reason? To keep up with the fast-paced '90s as opposed to the more leisurely '60s? Hot news flash: The first issue of the new Fantastic Four took 40 pages to tell one half the story that Stan and Jack told in one half the pages at 1/30 the price. This isn't to say it's necessarily bad. It's just different. And many fans equate the latter with the former. (Although curiously, despite all the changes that were made, the one thing that had me teed off was that creature calling itself “Wyatt Wingfoot.” I don't know who or what the hell that was, but it weren't any Wyatt Wingfoot.)
But, in the meantime, where are we seeing strict fidelity to the original versions of the Marvel characters? From Hollywood, particularly in animation. The producers of the upcoming Incredible Hulk animated series are promising stories evocative of the original jade giant. And taking it away from Marvel for a moment, many fans claimed they preferred Batman: The Animated Series to the comic book, and the new Superman animated series is being welcomed with open arms.
So it's done a complete 180. Fans look to the TV for the “real” versions of the characters, and to the newsstands for redos of the original tales which seem capriciously changed.
Which brings us back to Rob Liefeld.
The thing is, the story in Captain America #1 isn't that bad. I mean, it's not that good, but it's not that bad. Standard-issue Guy-With-A-Past-He-Doesn't-Know stuff. Been there, done that, but not enough to send you screaming into the middle of the interstate or anything.
But the art is. The art is beyond that bad. No offense, but Rob's artwork has reached a point where one almost expects Rob to come home one day and find John Byrne, John Buscema, and John Romita, Sr. waiting for him. Teamed like the Three Tenors, the Three Johns would pounce, tie them to a chair and do what we in the industry call a BAI: Bad Art Intervention. I fully believe that after 72 straight hours, they could probably hammer enough fundamentals into them that you'd see 100% improvement in their future work. If it takes longer than that, then the book could be produced in the interim by strapping a #2 pencil to the guide pointer of an Ouija board, putting it atop a piece of Bristol board, and letting Jack Kirby pencil it from beyond.
But wait, you say! Peter, you've hosed us! You implied that this column was to be supportive of Rob, not scathing!
And so 'twill be, for let us go on in the fairly safe assumption that said intervention will not take place. Let us further assume that Rob is not going to improve.
Maybe they don't have to. Maybe we're looking at their work the wrong way.
Because it's clear that what Rob does have is enthusiasm. Enthusiasm by the carload, by the boatload, by the motherlode. I think they (as do Jim Lee and everyone else, really) genuinely has a fondness for the characters. But, where Jim draws comics, Rob draws criticism. Yet, curiously, of all the new relaunches, I found I was most interested to see where the hell Rob was going with this thing. And I couldn't quite figure out why, because every other book was technically superior—indeed, was superior.
So what was it about Captain America that caught my attention? Especially because the artwork was so bad, so inconsistent, so unrelated to the real world, so inept in terms of its continuity. And that's where the movie connection clicked in for me.
Perhaps we've all been making a mistake about Rob. It's a natural mistake to make. What we've been doing is comparing is work to that of other comic book artists.
But Rob is a child of movies, citing such flicks as Die Hard as being seminal influences on their work. And when we think of Rob in movie creator terms, it makes sense. As a writer, Rob isn't Stan Lee. As an artist, they aren't Jack Kirby. But if we think of them as a creator—particularly a movie creator—then we've got a bead on him.
As a creator… he's Ed Wood.
At the very least, he's the Ed Wood of the Tim Burton film Ed Wood. Someone of boundless zeal. Someone who feels they have stories to tell, can see them in their head, but doesn't have the ability to actually get them down visually in any sort of coherent or aesthetically pleasing manner. Orson Welles without the talent. But Ed Wood films have achieved a status all their own. They're acid trips for the drug-free. They're films where we marvel at the ineptitude because it's just so bad that it's hypnotic. Ed Wood didn't give a damn about continuity, or coherence, or anything. Granted, Rob Liefeld is working on a more leisurely schedule than Wood, with plenty of time to go back and redraw. Wood was working on insane shooting schedules with no money, so one could argue that their lack of caring about detail was strictly due to the circumstances under which the films were made. But the more fun view (and certainly the more appropriate for this column) is the version of Wood in the Scott Alexander & Larry Karaszewski script for the Burton film. At one point during the filming of Plan 9 From Outer Space, Wood's backers challenge their technical ability by pointing out that Wood has deemed “perfect” a take wherein cardboard headstones in a graveyard are knocked over by a stumbling actor. And they complain about the numerous discontinuity shifts between daytime and nighttime.
And an enraged Wood, played by Johnny Depp, retorts, “Film making isn't about the tiny details. It's about the big picture! Haven't you people ever heard of suspension of disbelief?”
Perhaps Rob Liefeld produces work in that spirit. Perhaps they consider what we feel important (continuity, correct perspective, proper anatomy, story telling) to be mere tiny details. What many have deemed simple laziness on their part may be more than that. Maybe it's not laziness. Maybe, to Rob, it's just irrelevant. They have an image (appropriately) in their head—the big picture—and when they look at the final version, all they see is what he's picturing from their imagination, rather than the reality of what's there.
So perhaps what we should do when reading a Rob Liefeld comic—rather than carp on the endless gaffes—is to embrace them. Be amused by them in the same way that we giggle at the hokey flying saucers and mismatched shots in Plan 9. Perhaps, like an Ed Wood film, a Rob Liefeld comic should be of interest not in spite of the artistic mess-ups, but rather because of them.
Or—to paraphrase Criswell—
You say, “Prove that it's true.” I say, “Prove that it isn't.”
(Peter David, writer of stuff, can be written to at Second Age, Inc., P.O. Box 239, Bayport, NY 11705. And if you think this column is the worst you've ever seen, well, my next one will be better! Hello? Hello…?)
Share this: Email
Tweet
Like this: Like Loading...
CLOSE What do you do when you don't like any of the major candidates for US President? You write in your own of course. Veuer's Emily Drooby looks at some of the unusual votes this election. Buzz60
A deceased man was elected to office in California. (Photo11: Nastco, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
A man who died of natural causes in September was elected to public office in Oceanside, Calif., this week, according to local reports.
Gary Ernst was elected Oceanside City Treasurer over challenger Nadine Scott, who is a living opponent, NBC 7 San Diego reported.
Ernst passed away on Sept. 23, and officials didn't remove their name from the ballot.
They earned 17,659 votes and won by a 6% margin over Scott, according to the station.
Oceanside's City Attorney John Mullen told NBC 7 that council members can declare the seat vacant since Ernst is not able to fill the position.
Mullen told NBC 7 that someone will be appointed to the position or a special election will be held.
Scott said they believe voters were not aware that Ernst was no longer living when they voted, and they would like to be appointed to the position, NBC 7 reports.
Follow Mary Bowerman on Twitter: @marybowerman
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fgXUez
The conclusion of the regular season is finally upon us! After five weeks of Group Stage action, followed by an extra week of tiebreakers, the 219 universities that entered the fray have been dwindled down to 76 playoff teams that compose four Regional Brackets. 18 teams will make up each of the North, South, and West Regional Brackets, while 22 teams will make up the East Regional Bracket. In the next few weeks, a champion will be crowned for each of the Regional Brackets, so today I reveal and explain my personal playoff predictions to help you select which teams you think will make an impact in the 2017 uLoL Campus Series Playoffs.
SOUTH
The first thing you will probably notice in the predictions for the South is that 13 seed wins it all. You are not seeing double and you are not seeing a glitch. This is completely intended. The South Region doesn't have any dominant, stand out teams like other regions. The smaller skill gap leads to more and higher quality matches that make the region harder to predict. The most helpful stat to use in predicting the South will be Team KDA. A higher Team KDA leads to impressions of cleaner games and usage of more strategic team fighting. In a meta where team play is crucial, this is a useful stat to help pick out the winning team.
NORTH
On paper, the North Region could line up to have three of the best matches in this year's playoffs. Veterans Robert Morris University and Maryville University lead the charge, with newcomer Columbia College and a feisty Kansas University following right behind. For this region, team MMR comes in as a critical factor. You can find players from these four teams scattered across Master and Challenger tier in both Solo/Duo Queue and Flex Queue, as well as other players from more teams in the North Region. If you get down to a similar semifinal to my predictions, just hope for the best in guessing the right team, and be prepared to enjoy a phenomenal semifinal series.
EAST
Although the East Region contains the most playoff teams, it seems that this region is the most linear in deciding predictions. Like the North Region, Team MMR is the primary statistic that will help in deciding matches. There will be chances for upsets, but I am guessing that the higher seed will typically advance due to the large skill gap between teams. When coming down to the final four, trying to statistically find out which role was the best on each team helped, since in this meta, certain roles carry more weight. Also, do not be surprised to see some unique picks come from the Eastern teams. This region has been known to use off-meta picks constantly.
WEST
When looking at the West Bracket, one team will come to everyone's mind: University of British Columbia. The two time defending champions look to run it back for a third consecutive title, and seem to have a clean run through the playoffs. However, if there is one team to put a stop to their rampage, look to UC Irvine. The West is a region decided by decisive team fighting, and how well teams can shoot call to win games. On paper, UC Irvine stands toe-to-toe with UBC, leading to a potential clash of titans in the finals. Do not look down upon some of the lower seeds though, because consistent and thorough team fighting runs through more teams than just UCI and UBC. Expect the West Region to be filled with meticulous strategies and intriguing gameplay.
Linked below are printable versions of each Regional Bracket that have not been filled in yet. Print the brackets, fill them out, and let us know who you think will be crowned champion of each region. Do you agree with the predictions above? Or do you think your picks are better? Send us your brackets on Facebook and Twitter and chime in on what matches you are hoping to see during these playoffs!
Also be sure to let George know what you thought of their picks over on their Twitter too!
Get your own brackets for each region here!
Each month I muse on a pop culture moment. This month, I talk to 'Vampire Mob' web series creator, Joe Wilson, and Just Plain Something video blogger, Katie S, about suggestions for starting your own series.
Although I think today's TV is pretty good, it can improve. If you aren't satisfied with network/cable shows, create your own! With today's inexpensive technology and the multiple opportunities available through the internet, public access TV, campus TV, and local radio, you have NO excuse to NOT contribute to the creative TV landscape.
To provide suggestions for the fledgling web creator or student producer, I tapped the awesome Joe Wilson, writer/director of the kickbutt web series Vampire Mob and our own Katie Schenkel, who runs the movie review vlog, Just Plain Something.
Click on page two for Joe's suggestions for starting your own web series, page three for Katie's suggestions regarding creating your own vlog, and page four for my five cents on starting your own campus/public access TV show.
Photo Credit: Suburban Vampire, criminalmindsfanatic.blogspot.com
From Alderaan to the Crab Nebula, if there is one thing that holds all God's species together it is our faith that the selection of Miss Universe is impartial and free of favoritism. Now that may be in doubt.
Information obtained by the Guanabee blog, in an exclusive interview with Michael Schwandt, choreographer of the last four pageants, tells that far from a purely scientific study of the looks, talents and poise of each contestant, one man's preferences may be guiding the outcome of the race.
According to Schwandt, the dark hand of Miss Universe owner Donald Trump is in fact at work,behind the curtains, secretly culling the field of pageant thoroughbreds. Apparently, the winnowing of the contest down to its 15 finalists happens not just in the meticulous parading and exhibiting skills viewers across the galaxies watch on TV, but in an Extra Special Private Judging Round in which contestants display themselves for Trump alone.
Explaining about Trump's hands-on presence during the rehearsal Schwandt says in the Guanabee interview:
Then they do do something that's a bit odd. At all the shows, they pop in the day before the telecast and we line up all the girls in alphabetical order behind microphones. And they say their name, age and country. Then we line them up in alphabetical order in one single file line across the stage. And they basically walk by and has an assistant that takes notes on all the girls. And it's just kind of common knowledge that they pick six of the top fifteen single-handedly. So, the other nine of the top fifteen are judged in a preliminary show the week before and picked by those judges, but they pick six of the top fifteen.
The Miss Universe rules however, fail to note the Extra Special Private Judging Round and its impact on the race. They state, in the website's FAQ section:
HOW ARE THE SEMI-FINALISTS CHOSEN?
In 1997, a dual-paneled judging system was introduced. One panel judges the preliminary rounds; the other panel judges the live telecast. All contestants are judged in three areas of preliminary competition which are not always televised due to time constraints:
1. Interviews - Judges spend time with each delegate to learn about their successes, goals and ambitions.
2. Swimsuit Competition - Each delegate wears one of a variety of swimsuit styles provided by a sponsor.
3. Evening Gown Competition - Each delegate wears a gown they have chosen for herself.
All scores are tallied in each of the three categories. The contestants with the highest aggregate scores are named the semi-finalists. The competition is narrowed twice more to produce the winner. HOW ARE THE TITLEHOLDERS AND RUNNERS-UP SELECTED?
Once the finalists are named, their scores are discarded, and they begin competing anew. In the final competition, the same three areas (Interview, Swimsuit and Evening Gown) are judged. The judges' scores in these categories are tallied and the winners are named live on the air.
Further, according to the Guanabee interview, Trump instituted the Extra Special Private Round after they had raised concerns that the official judges had failed to adequately reward prettiness. The interview reads:
Q: So, he's orchestrating at least a portion of the results?
A: Right. And, their reason for doing so, as they told me and he's told the girls before, is that they left it all up to preliminary judging in the past and some of the most beautiful women, in their opinion, were not in the top fifteen and they were kind of upset about that. And they decided that they would pick a certain number and let the judges pick a certain number.
Read the stunning interview in its entirety at Guanabee.
If there were one man fit to decide which of the Universe's beauties is fit to reign over us all, that man would no doubt be Donald Trump. However, without laws and regulations to govern even the most powerful of us, the Universe would be in chaos. Donald Trump, give this competition back to your people!
ADELAIDE'S tram network would go back to the future - branching out to Magill, Port Adelaide, Henley and Mitcham - in a $36 billion State Government vision.
Premier Jay Weatherill has announced a 30-year transport and infrastructure plan for the state that also details plans for major upgrades of road and rail services.
The cornerstone of the plan is returning Adelaide's tram network to its former glory by installing six new networks sprawling out from a CBD loop, including an airport line.
The plan has been welcomed by motoring and construction groups as an important but overdue guide to where future investment and services will be targeted.
It has also been criticised by the Opposition as a "Bible" of already announced and dumped promises from a Government fast running out of money.
Mr Weatherill said Adelaide needed to add modern public transport services to its Riverbank upgrade to prevent young people leaving for interstate and lure others back.
"There is a war on. The war is for the great cities of the world to compete with one another for attention ... to attract and retain the best and brightest," they said.
■ Have your say below: How do you rate the government's 30 plan for transport in SA?
"Those young people that thought you had to leave South Australia can stay here."
In addition to tram upgrades, the plan includes a completed nonstop South Rd corridor, new ports, duplication of major country roads and extra cross-city buses.
The South Rd upgrade includes completion of both the Darlington Interchange and Torrens to Torrens projects, as well as the Northern Connector.
The AdeLINK tram would loop between Morphett, Sturt, Halifax and Frome streets. Major lines would run to Prospect, Port Adelaide, West Lakes, Henley and Mitcham.
More: How the transport plan will affect you
A spur route connecting the city to Adelaide Airport is also included. Interstate rail is to be moved from Keswick to the Adelaide Railway Station.
There are also plans to extend the O-Bahn underground between Hackney Rd and the city.
Electrification of the Grange and Gawler lines is promised, as well as a further extension of electric trains into Adelaide's growing southern suburbs, including Aldinga.
Upgrades to intersections on city ring route roads to limit congestion are flagged, as are duplications of the Victor Harbor to McLaren Vale and Mount Compass roads.
There are plans to seal the Strzelecki Track to aid freight and promote mining.
Deep sea port facilities on the Eyre and Yorke peninsulas with connections to road and rail services are listed. The Government also intends to upgrade regional airports.
Mr Weatherill played down suggestions that the $36 billion price tag was unrealistic.
They said it was estimated that $23 billion would be available for capital infrastructure spending over the next three decades, based on conservative estimates.
The Government expects to raise $7 billion from private investment but is ruling out the introduction of toll roads or privatisation of public transport networks. It expects to be able to leverage investment from mining and other regional industries.
Analysis: Jay's bid to get campaign back on track|
The remaining $6 billion gap in required public funding would need to be raised by an increase in spending from either future state or federal governments.
No new spending was pledged today, but the Government is not ruling out committing funding to any of the speculative projects before the March election.
The plan will be open for public consultation until November 29.
Indicative time frames show the city loop and Port Adelaide trams, the Gawler train line electrification and more bike lanes will be the most immediate priorities.
More: Road users welcome plan, questions begin
An underground train link beneath the CBD that links northern and southern lines, and moving the Keswick interstate train terminal to the city, are "long-term" prospects.
Mr Weatherill said the state had a "beautiful tram network back in the 1950s" that was "sadly" torn up as cars gained popularity.
The transport plan comes as a companion to the 30-year Adelaide housing development plan released in 2010.
Opposition transport spokesperson Vickie Chapman welcomed the release of a big-picture plan for future services, saying it had been demanded for a decade.
However, they said the plan was a "litany of re-announcements of projects that they have already been announced, funded and abandoned".
The Opposition has previously pledged to set up an independent advisory group after the election that would draw up a long-term infrastructure plan for the state.
THE PLAN AT A GLANCE
What's new
■ The return to trams as a major part of public transport more than 60 years after they were retired. Former premier Mike Rann talked about city loops and extending the western suburbs line, but this new network takes trams to most corners of the inner city. Adelaide lost its trams as cars gained prominence. Adelaide lost its extensive network as the car gained prominence and underused tram services fell into disrepair.
■ Running a section of the O-Bahn underground from Hackney Rd to the CBD. There have been various plans to bring the O-Bahn in that were mooted as part of federal stimulus spending before being dumped.
■ In the long term "potentially'' building an underground railway in the city. While subways have been speculated about before, there has not been a well-developed plan released.
What's not
■ Building a light rail service to West Lakes. When football was coaxed into the CBD and Adelaide Oval, a West Lakes tram was floated to service new homes that would be built on land near Football Park.
■ Electrification of all rail lines. This has been on the agenda for years and dumped depending on how much money is available. The Gawler electrification was put on ice in last year's Budget.
■ Completion of a nonstop north-south road corridor. Long talked about as a way to speed up personal travel and boost freight productivity. Work on the Anzac Hwy underpass, Superway and southern Expressway is or has happened. Much more work is still needed.
Positives
■ Industry and communities can invest based on a real and public plan. People can locate businesses or buy homes in places where transport is to be boosted.
■ The federal government has a menu of individual projects to pick out and work on with the state. It could mean things previously not on the radar for consideration are now assessed.
■ Land for future transport developments, including rail lines, can be quarantined, saving money on buybacks and demolition of homes.
Problems
■ The State Budget is already under pressure and $36 billion is a lot of money.
■ Even on Government forecasts of likely funds for infrastructure, there is a shortfall.
■ The plan needs $7 billion in private investment, and toll roads are ruled out.
News_Module: ADV transport graphic new 1
News_Module: ADV transport graphic new 2
■ Hover over the icons on the map for highlights of the plan by geographic location
News_Module: Adelaide 30 year transport plan
Internal sun visors have been around for quite a few years now. I've got mates that love ‘em and others who think they're a bit of a gimmick. Whilst brands like Shoei are a little late to the Top-Gun themed party, it seems Arai still has no interest in attending.
The official reason for this is safety. An internal visor takes up space between the outer and inner shells of a helmet. And that space can sacrifice helmet rigidity. Arai is of the opinion that internal visors could affect performance of crash helmets so their safer solution to sun glare is to fit a sun visor to the outside of the helmet.
The Pro Shade System fits the MAX vision Arai visors. It comes already fitted to the visor, with a recess for a Pinlock anti-fog insert. It locks into a peak position when not in use and can be quickly flipped down by hand when you need it.
When I first saw pictures of the Pro Shade System I'll admit it did remind me of my ‘six-eyed' grandad and their flip-up sunglasses. But it does get easier on the eye. It's not aimed at the sports market but rather those that prefer an upright seating position and ‘serious touring riders'.
The system costs £99 but is currently being supplied as a free extra with all new Quantum ST and 2014 Rebel and Chaser V helmets.
I'll post a used review in the coming weeks.
www.whyarai.co.uk
Ellen Pao Justin Sullivan/Getty Interim Reddit CEO Ellen Pao apologized to the Reddit community Monday after an online petition asking the company to oust Pao racked up more than 175,000 signatures over the weekend.
"We screwed up. Not just on July 2, but also over the past several years. We haven't communicated well, and we have surprised moderators and the community with big changes," Pao said in a post on Reddit.
On Friday, news broke that Victoria Taylor, a popular employee of the site, was no longer working at Reddit. Reddit users speculated Taylor was fired. To protest their removal, volunteer moderators shut down hundreds of the site's communities.
Taylor helped run the popular "Ask Me Anything" or iAMA feature, which lets users ask questions to and interact with featured guests like Bill Gates and President Obama.
In their apology to Reddit's users, Pao said the company would take three steps to improve the website: improving tools, communicating with the moderators of subreddits, and restoring access to an older search function for moderators.
"I don't have all the answers, and it will take time for us to deliver concrete results," Pao said. "I mean it when I say we screwed up, and we want to have a meaningful ongoing discussion. I know we've drifted out of touch with the community as we've grown and added more people, and we want to connect more. I and the team are committed to talking more often with the community, starting now."
Over the weekend, Reddit was thrown into chaos as the moderators of hundreds of subreddits set their subreddits to "private," blocking them from view in protest of Taylor's removal from Reddit.
Although Reddit has paid employees, many of its communities are moderated by volunteers who aren't part of the company.
The petition to fire Pao started earlier this year, but picked up steam over the weekend. In part it says:
After Pao lost their gender discrimination case against venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins they were appointed CEO of Reddit Inc and Reddit entered into a new age of censorship. A vast majority of the Reddit community believes that Pao, "a manipulative individual who will sue their way to the top", has overstepped their boundaries and fears that they will run Reddit into the ground. ... Action must be taken to prevent Reddit from being further run into the ground.
You can read Pao's full apology here.
As long as we're about to spend gazillions to stimulate the economy, I'd like to suggest we throw in another $53.5 million for a cause dear to all business journalists: economic literacy. And what better place to start than right here in Washington.
My modest proposal is that lawmakers be authorized to hire personal economic trainers over the coming year to sit by their sides as they fashion the government's response to the economic crisis and prevent them from uttering the kind of nonsense that has characterized the debate over the stimulus bill during the last two weeks.
At a minimum, we'd be creating jobs for 535 unemployed PhDs. And if we improved government economic policy by a mere 1 percent of the trillions of dollars we're dealing with, it would pay for itself many times over.
Let's review some of the more silly arguments about the stimulus bill, starting with the notion that "only" 75 percent of the money can be spent in the next two years, and the rest is therefore "wasted."
As any economist will tell you, the economy tends to be forward-looking and emotional. So if businesses and households can see immediate benefits from a program while knowing that a bit more stimulus is on the way, they are likely to feel more confident that the recovery will be sustained. That confidence, in turn, will make them more likely to take the risk of buying big-ticket items now and investing in stocks or future ventures.
Moreover, much of the money that can't be spent right away is for capital improvements such as building and maintaining schools, roads, bridges and sewer systems, or replacing equipment -- stuff we'd have to do eventually. So another way to think of this kind of spending is that we've simply moved it up to a time, to a point when doing it have important economic benefits and when the price will be less.
Equally specious is the oft-heard complaint that even some of the immediate spending is not stimulative.
"This is not a stimulus plan, it's a spending plan," Nebraska's first-year student senator, Mike Johanns (R), said Wednesday in a maiden floor speech full of budget-balancing orthodoxy that would have made Herbert Hoover proud. The stimulus bill, they declared, "won't create the promised jobs. It won't activate our economy."
Johanns was too busy yesterday to explain this radical departure from standard theory and practice. Where does the senator think the $800 billion will go? Down a rabbit hole? Even if the entire sum were to be stolen by federal employees and spent entirely on fast cars, fancy homes, gambling junkets and fancy clothes, it would still be an $800 billion increase in the demand for goods and services -- a pretty good working definition for economic stimulus. The only question is whether spending it on other things would create more long-term value, which it almost certainly would.
Meanwhile, Nebraska's other senator, Ben Nelson (D), was heading up a centrist group that was determined to cut $100 billion from the stimulus bill. Among their targets: $1.1 billion for health-care research into what is cost-effective and what is not. An aide explained that, in the senator's opinion, there is "some spending that was more stimulative than other kinds of spending."
Oh really? I'm sure they'd love to have a presentation on that at the next meeting of the American Economic Association. Maybe the senator could use that opportunity to explain why a dollar spent by the government, or government contractor, to hire doctors, statisticians and software programmers is less stimulative than a dollar spent on hiring civil engineers and bulldozer operators and guys waving orange flags to build highways, which is what the senator says they prefer.
And then there is Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.), complaining in Wednesday's Wall Street Journal that of the 3 million jobs that the stimulus package might create or save, one in five will be government jobs, as if there is something inherently inferior or unsatisfactory about that. (Note to Coburn's political director: One in five workers in Oklahoma is employed by government.)
Morning light reflects bright off the white granite ledge as my pal Patrick is slowly pushing our rope up pitch 4 of the Muir Wall of El Capitan. A local climber of immortal fame joins me on the large ledge. We each quietly feed and take rope while enjoying the morning view of the Valley down bellow. They ask about the words “North Dakota” painted along the brim of my helmet. I tell them it's where I come from, the greatest state in the Union.
by Dakota Walz
Of course, as any climber would, they ask if there is anything to climb there. I tell them that it's the 3rd flattest state in the country, but a desperate climber could probably find something worth their time out there. Living in the Midwest is kind of like living in the golden age of discovery for limestone choss piles, soft sandstone towers, and obscure boulders. There are still all kinds of new territory to be discovered. Untamed and unwanted cliff bands along lakes and rivers and prairies still waiting to be climbed.
Coincidentally, a few months later I find myself driving across North Dakota doing just that. A crew of four flatlanders, our climbing gear, and an oversized canoe strapped to a homemade roof rack. We are out here in search of natural Midwestern beauty in the form of potential first ascents and island adventure. Some Google Maps exploration has leaded me to believe that there may be something to climb in the far western side of my home state so, I thought we might go and find it.
Leaving west from Fargo, nearly 5 hours of nonexistence pass before our prairie road cruise ship reaches oil country. The marks of big oil rush over the highway in pipelines. They clog roads with bumper to bumper traffic in the middle of nowhere and detour us around miniscule towns made of only new hotels.
After battling gridlock traffic we pass through tiny New Town, ND and Lake Sakakwea opens up to us on the horizon. With her, comes our first glimpse of landscape and elevation. Hills roll high and low along the flooded reservoir banks while automated oil pumps rotate tirelessly forever across the ancient plains. When our destination finally appears on the horizon I know we are in for a surprise.
At least 1,500 miles away from any ocean, we are utterly landlocked. Yet, a monstrous deep green wave rises up to defy the endless flat horizons of glowing oilrig fires. 200 feet above the prairie, the grassy wave grows, until finally it crests and breaks; forming 45 feet of shear sandstone cliff line. This is Chimney Butte.
We hike to the base fast with the gung-ho enthusiasm of people starved of landscape. My excitement gets the best of me after I find what we now refer to as, “The Duke of Chimney Butte”. Amazing 5.11 splitter fingers cruise up a completely blank headwall. Before today, a feature like this existing in North Dakota couldn't even form in my wildest dreams. Without wasting time, or much thought, we rope up and get to climbing our first route in our Peace Garden State.
About halfway up is where “The Duke” starts to get serious. I know the sandstone is soft by any standard other than that of a flatlander so, I drive my .4 camalot in until the trigger is nearly hidden. The crack is even thinner than I anticipate but there are a couple pods to gun for. Another body length up and it thins out to barely tips! I drive my .2 in as deep as it'll go. I'm passed the pods and I can see what looks like a jug a few moves up. Would it hold a desperate lunge? Had anyone yarded on it before? I'm about to find out, but thick lichen under my left foot smear crumbles and I fall.
RIP! There goes the .2…
I keep falling.
RIP! There goes the .4…
I hit a small ledge and begin tumbling. I'm upside down now and am not slowing down much. I see Jasmin, my belayer, and she's jumping high off the ground. Speaking of the ground, it's gotta be getting close by now, right? Finally, I receive that violent, but welcome, rush of air exit my lungs as the rope suddenly denies gravity's blood lust. Inverted I swing at the base of the cliff with tall grass brushing up against my head. Ooftah!
I'm not sure how that horizontal nut placement held, but it's now earned a place on my “thank god for that piece” rack. We decide to leave “The Duke” for another visit and spend the rest of our day climbing easier looking lines.
At first there are no signs of climbers here before us. No pin scares or anything like the 8 deep tracks my blown-out cam placements left. But then, Matt finds some old tape gloves and sketchy dead-man anchors driven into the earth at the summit. I knew we couldn't be alone in our need for adventure but it's still hard to believe anyone else would be looking for it out here. Desperate climbers will always find something to climb.
Later that afternoon we cast off from the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation into Lake Sakakawea. The canoe is overloaded with food and booze but we easily cruise the soft current south. Again, we're not sure what we're going to find around the next bend of the river. My Google Earth exploration proved itself useful for rediscovering Chimney Butte, but who knows if that spec of land on the lake was going to be a cool island or just a forgotten sandbar? Either way we're all in.
For two miles we are swallowed whole by the perfect blues of endlessly smooth waters and clear expansive skies. Suddenly, reds, yellows, and blacks rise high out of the water forming an eroded island butte. On its summit 50 yards of flat inviting grass carpet the island and hover high above the water. This paradise in the sky is Goat Island and it's twice as large as I could have guessed. Maybe it's been the hours of driving through flat nonexistent landscapes or maybe it's just the company I keep, but the beauty of everything out here in North Dakota seems to outstretch my wildest hopes.
We land on the island, hump our gear to the summit, and build camp. We eat. We drink. We scream at the moon all the 90's pop songs we can remember. If I live forever, surely this day of adventuring in North Dakota will be one of my favorite.
Soon we will be moving to Colorado and often folks ask me if I'm moving to find adventure. The answer is always the same: Yes, BUT adventure is everywhere. Especially in the Midwest! From North Dakota down to Missouri I've found adventure to be alive and thoroughly potent.
To find it though, you must be stoked. Your partners gotta be stoked too. You both gotta leave work early on Friday and hit the road immediately. You have to drive for hours. You must camp with your pals in the sticks. Then, you need to crush all day long, all weekend long to make it worth the effort. After all that you gotta spend your whole Sunday afternoon driving home so you can wake up for work Monday morning.
The Midwest rears folks who thrive off to stoke. Out there in Colorado my biggest fear is becoming spoiled and jaded on the couch or sleeping in my soft safe bed more than ever.
Have people explored, named, and claimed these places already? Sure. These rocks are ancient and have been discovered hundreds of years ago by the Natives and later again by the white settlers and pioneers. It's not easy to be a genuine explorer in an era where nearly everything has been seen and recorded.
As a climber though, there is still the unique opportunity to discover, not uncharted territory, but untapped potential. The moment a climber discovers these forgotten geological forms is when their true purpose ultimately takes shape. This is when true discovery and adventure take form once again as the first ascent.
Dakota on Instagram
As a living breathing namesake, Dakota Walz represents the few unlikely big wall climbers to come from the 3rd flattest state in the union, North Dakota.
About us: The Climbing Zine was started in 2010 by Al Smith III and Luke Mehall. It continues to the day with the mission of representing the true essence of climbing. Our crown jewel is our printed version, but we also do the interweb thing, and Kindle. You can now subscribe to The Climbing Zine as well! We have also published two books: The Great American Dirtbags and Climbing Out of Bed, both written by publisher, Luke Mehall.
Related Posts
« The Sisterhood of the Rope by Rhiannon Williams Review: Black Diamond Cold Forge Hoody »
Software::Desktop::KDE
Das Treiber-Dilemma von KDE 4.5
KWin-Entwickler Martin Gräßlin berichtet in seinem Blog von diversen Problemen und Regressionen in KDE 4.5, die trotz diverser Vorsichtsmaßnahmen aufgetreten sind. Für die meisten Probleme sind aus seiner Sicht die Open-Source-Grafiktreiber verantwortlich.
kde.org KDE 4.5.0
Anlass für Gräßlin, den derzeitigen Stand des KDE-Desktops zu erläutern, sind diverse Probleme, für die die Anwender KDE verantwortlich machen. Aus seiner Sicht werden die Probleme aber von externen Komponenten, besonders den freien Grafiktreibern verursacht. Zwar versuche insbesondere KWin, nur solche Funktionen zu aktivieren, die von den Treibern unterstützt werden, aber nicht vorhersehbare Fehler in den Treibern hätten diese Maßnahmen unterlaufen. Das Resultat war für manche Benutzer ein unbenutzbarer Desktop, Fehler in Effekten oder ähnliche Probleme, die teils in KDE 4.4 noch nicht aufgetreten waren.
Gräßlin beschreibt die Maßnahmen, die KWin trifft, um eine fehlerhafte Darstellung zu vermeiden. So gibt es eine Liste von funktionierenden Treibern, und die Desktop-Effekte werden nur aktiviert, wenn sich der verwendete Treiber in dieser Whitelist befindet. Die Funktionalität des Treibers wird dann mit einem externen Hilfsprogramm verifiziert. Im Falle von Abstürzen werden die betroffenen Effekte abgeschaltet, bei wiederholten Abstürzen sogar alle Effekte. Die Verifikation erfolgt anhand einer Abfrage, ob die benötigten OpenGL-Erweiterungen unterstützt werden. Dabei ist das KWin-Team konservativ und verwendet nur Funktionalität aus OpenGL 2. OpenGL 2 existiert schon seit etlichen Jahren. Weitere Sicherheitsmaßnahmen von KWin sind eine dynamische Blacklist von Effekten, die von Treibern fälschlich als unterstützt gemeldet werden, Selbsttests und ein Geschwindigkeitstest zur Laufzeit. Wenn ein Test scheitert, werden alle Effekte abgeschaltet.
KWin erlaubt demnach nur Effekte, die der Treiber angeblich unterstützt. Leider sind wohl viele freie Treiber in dieser Hinsicht fehlerhaft. In KDE 4.5 wurden zwei neue Effekte eingeführt, der Unschärfe-Effekt (Blur) und der Lanczos-Filter. Diese führten bei manchen Benutzern zu Regressionen. Betroffen waren diverse freie Treiber einschließlich der von Intel auf einigen Chips, nicht jedoch der proprietäre NVidia-Treiber, der in dieser Hinsicht alles korrekt abwickelt.
Für Gräßlin sieht es so aus, als habe noch nie niemand versucht, die Treiber so auszureizen, wie KWin es tut. Auch Compiz benutzt zwar Funktionen des Grafikprozessors, aber kein GLSL. Es fehlte also an Tests der Treiber. Gräßlin und wohl auch die anderen KWin-Entwickler haben nur wenig Hardware zum Testen zur Verfügung und können daher nicht alle Fehler reproduzieren. Für ihn ist allerdings klar, dass die Fehler in den Treibern und nicht in KDE korrigiert werden müssen. Das Verwenden der neuesten Treiber kann in einigen Fällen bereits helfen, da eine kontinuierliche Verbesserung stattfindet. Dies gilt für alle beteiligten Treiber, von den DRM-Treibern im Kernel über die X.org-Treiber bis zur freien OpenGL-Implementierung Mesa.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — A bottled-water company that won the right to draw water from Poland Spring is at loggerheads with the Maine-based Poland Spring brand.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — A bottled-water company that won the right to draw water from Poland Spring is at loggerheads with the Maine-based Poland Spring brand.
Newcomer Maine Springs says it is required by law to identify its water source, which includes Poland Spring. It's suing the Poland Spring company, which has told it that putting the name on labels infringes upon its brand.
A spokesperson for Poland Spring's corporate parent, Nestle Waters North America, tells the Portland Press Herald the Maine Springs lawsuit is "meritless."
Maine Springs also contends the Poland Spring company misrepresents the source of its water. In 2003, Poland Spring settled a class action lawsuit that contended its water comes from wells, not bubbling springs. Poland Spring's water sources include Poland, Poland Spring, Hollis, Kingfield and Fryeburg.
The tradition of Arbor Day began in Nebraska in 1872. Raising awareness of the importance of trees, people continue to use the day to plant saplings and improve the health of forests. Trees help clean the air, provide habitat for wildlife, help conserve soil and water, and are the source of an entire industry that support jobs and the economy.
Forest management isn't as easy as watching the trees grow. Land management agencies like the Bureau of Land Management, the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the U.S. Forest Service oversee hundreds of millions of acres of forests across the country. An adaptive and evolving approach is necessary to keep the nation's forests healthy and productive.
We hope on your next walk in the woods, you'll do your part to preserve these important landscapes and maybe learn more about the trees you see. As an Arbor Day tribute, here are some of the most interesting and remarkable trees found on public lands.
Redwoods
A magical photo of sunlight creeping through the towering trees at Redwood National and State Parks. The protected valleys and alluvial flats found along streams and creeks provide ideal growing conditions for the coast redwood. Photo by Jessica Watz (www.sharetheexperience.org).
The redwood has earned the spot in the record books as the tallest in the world. These towering trees sprout from a seed no bigger than the size of a tomato seed, and they can grow to a height of 367 feet. That's about the size of 35-story skyscraper. This powerful tree's ability to regenerate allows it to prosper despite insects and fire, and ultimately to survive as a species. Visitors to California's Redwood National and State Parks and Headwaters Forest Reserve often come to just see these world-famous trees, but nothing prepares them for a hike in the ethereal forests of massive redwoods shrouded in fog with light streaming through the trees.
Bristlecone Pines
In the shadow of Wheeler Peak at Great Basin National Park in Nevada, ancient bristlecone pine trees grow on rocky glacial moraines -- creating a surreal and beautiful landscape. Photo by National Park Service.
Getting its name from the claw-like bristle scales of its cones, the bristlecone pine is known for being the world's longest-living tree. The secret to its longevity: the harsh environment where it lives. These trees often grow in cold temperatures with high winds, and in some years, they don't even add a ring of growth. This slow growth makes their wood very dense and resistant to insects, fungi, and rot. Great Basin National Park in Nevada is the place to go if you want to walk among these ancient trees.
Mangroves
Everglades National Park is known for its unique mangrove forests. During the dry months, wading birds congregate here to feed and nest, and in the summer, the mangrove forests provide the first line of defense against the howling winds and storms. Photo by James Pion (www.sharetheexperience.org).
With their twisting tangle of roots and emerald leaves reaching over the water, mangroves appear to be something out of a thrilling jungle adventure movie. The word mangrove is used to describe several trees (they aren't closely related to one another) -- all with impenetrable root systems and the ability to flourish in salty environments. Both mysterious and beautiful, mangrove trees are valuable assets to south Florida's Everglades, Biscayne National Parks, and Jupiter Inlet Lighthouse Outstanding Natural Area. Their root systems help keep the water clean, slow down water flow and potential erosion, and provide shelter to many marine organisms. They also serve as a valuable nursery for marine species. It's an amazing sight worth seeing!
Cherry Trees
D.C.'s iconic cherry blossoms at peak bloom. Photo from the Tidal Basin with the Jefferson Memorial in the background by Andrew Rhodes (www.sharetheexperience.org).
Spring in our nation's capital means one thing: the blooming of the cherry blossom trees. A gift of friendship from Japan in 1912, millions of people come from across the country to experience the beauty and life of the 3,800 cherry trees on the National Mall and Memorial Parks in Washington, D.C. These trees bring an explosion of color to the Tidal Basin and can only be observed during a short period in March and April.
Giant Sequoias
Pictured here are the Giant Sequoia groves on Case Mountain, which is approximately 7 1/2 miles southeast of the town of Three Rivers, California. Photo by Bob Wick, Bureau of Land Management.
Comparable in size to a 26-story building and a diameter that exceeds the width of many city streets, the giant sequoia tree is the largest in the world. One of the most famous sequoias is the General Sherman Tree. Not only do sequoias loom over their mixed conifer forest neighbors, but they also outlive them -- reaching over 3,000 years. A major factor in the Sequoia's longevity is the chemical tannin that provides the sequoia with resistance against fire, rotting, and boring insects. Another crucial factor is fire, which helps with sequoia reproduction. Take a trip to California's Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks to marvel at the Sequoias in real life. Another option is to explore nearby Case Mountain, which is managed by the Bureau of Land Management and was established to protect these majestic trees.
Bald Cypress Trees
Dale Bumpers White River National Wildlife Refuge is one of the largest remaining bottomland hardwood forests in the Mississippi River Valley. The refuge is home to the Champion Cypress Tree -- the largest tree in Arkansas. Photo by Rita Szabo (www.sharetheexperience.org).
Many people find swamps and bayous to be foreboding or spooky, but for bald cypress trees, there's no place they'd rather be. Native to coastal lowlands of the southeastern United States and the Mississippi Valley, bald cypress thrive in mud and shallow water. Their trunks fan out near the base to add stability, and their roots project a peculiar growth called cypress knees for added support. Bald cypress wood is highly sought after by carvers and furniture makers, and the trees are occasionally planted for ornamental reasons. We recommend checking out the Cypress Swamps at Big Thicket National Preserve in Texas or Florida's Big Cypress National Preserve. If you want to see an impressive display of fall colors, a trip to Dale Bumpers White River National Wildlife Refuge in Arkansas is a must.
Whitebark Pines
A starry night at Crater Lake National Park in Oregon. The park's signature whitebark pine trees -- pictured here -- are found along the rim of this collapsed volcano and can grow to be centuries old. Photo by Jeff Berkes (www.sharetheexperience.org).
Whitebark pines are often gnarled and twisted, sometimes appearing more than thick shrubs than trees. That's because these high-elevation conifers often grow in inhospitable subalpine areas in the northern Rocky Mountains and the Pacific Northwest. In recent years, the whitebark pine population has declined mainly because of white pine blister rust and mountain pine beetles. These trees often live more than 1,000 years and play an important role in the ecosystem by retaining snow, reducing erosion and serving as a nurse plant for other subalpine species. If you're visiting Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming, Glacier National Park in Montana or Crater Lake National Park in Oregon, be sure to look for these unique trees.
Quaking Aspens
Fall foliage and snow-capped peaks make for a stunning shot of Conway Summit in California. Take a drive along the Conway Summit and experience spectacular mountains, valleys, lakes, streams and volcanic mountain chains. Photo by Bob Wick, Bureau of Land Management.
Known for its tendency to quake and tremble at even the slightest breeze, the Quaking Aspen is a remarkable tree that grows in large, dense colonies throughout North America. Aspens can be easily identified by their smooth white bark marked with black scars, and their ever changing leaves throughout the seasons. Just under this whitebark, however, lies a photosynthetic layer that allows the Aspen to synthesize sugars and continue growing even in harsh winters. Two national parks where you can experience Quaking Aspen groves are Bryce Canyon in Utah and Arizona's Grand Canyon along the North Rim. If you're in California, Conway Summit Area of Critical Environmental Concern offers some of the most accessible viewing areas of Quaking Aspens in their fall glory.
Douglas Firs
Located 60 miles from Coos Bay in Oregon's Coast Range mountains is some of the most pristine forests in the nation, including the world's tallest Douglas fir. Photo by Bureau of Land Management.
Oregon is home to the Doerner Fir, the world's tallest Douglas fir. Discovered in the 1989 and measured two years later, the fir tree stands 329 feet tall and 11.5 feet in diameter. The half-mile hike along the Doerner Fir Trail takes visitor through one of the Pacific Coast's finest old growth forests and up to the mammoth fir tree, which is over 450 years old. This tree is protected from logging by designation from the Bureau of Land Management.
Sugar Maples
Why are fall colors so remarkable in Great Smoky Mountains National Park? One reason: the amazing diversity of trees. The park's most spectacular display happens at mid and lower elevations, which includes colorful trees such as sugar maple, scarlet oak, sweetgum, red maple, and the hickories. Photo by Charles Wickham (www.sharetheexperience.org).
We'd be remiss not to include one of America's most loved trees -- the sugar maple. These shade-tolerant trees often grow very slowly in the shadows of light-loving trees, but when exposed to light they can grow rapidly and live to be over 200 years old. Sugar maples are most known for their vibrant fall colors of yellow, burnt orange, and red. In the fall, leaf peepers come from all over to see the gorgeous colors of these and other tree varieties along the east coast, including Shenandoah and Great Smoky Mountains National Parks.
Ponderosa Pines
Ponderosa pines (along with incense cedars and oak trees) line the path to Yosemite Falls. It's a must-see when visiting Yosemite National Park. Photo by Phillip Abrams (www.sharetheexperience.org).
Withstanding of high winds and generally fire resistant, the ponderosa pine is the most widely distributed species of its genus in North America. The prolific ponderosa reproduces through seeds in cones and takes about two years to fully mature. Ponderosa pines can be found all across the country -- from Yosemite National Park in California and Hells Canyon Wilderness in Oregon to Wind Cave National Park in South Dakota and Colorado's Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve.
Palm Trees
Dos Palmas Preserve is an oasis with its fan palms offering a sanctuary in the midst of the dry California Desert. Photo by Bob Wick, Bureau of Land Management.
The desert fan palm is native to the low hot deserts of southern California where it can live for 80-90 years. Towering up to 75 feet tall, the California fan palm offers sanctuary in the midst of the desert to a variety of plants and animals. The discarded palm fronds around the base shelter lizards and snakes from the intense heat of the desert in summer, while the skirt around the trunk provides vital shelter to the western yellow bat and a variety of insects. In the crown of the palm you may find nesting kestrels owls. The Dos Palmas Preserve in California contains thousands of these trees, each one swaying in the breeze.
Joshua Trees
A vibrant desert sunset at Joshua Tree National Park. This California gem protects the twisted, spiky Joshua tree, which take on many forms -- appearing like bushes or tall and spindly like trees. Photo by Brad Sutton, National Park Service.
Even though it's not actually a tree, the Joshua tree gets an honorable mention on our list of amazing trees. A member of the Agave family, this Dr.Seuss-esque plant thrives in the distinct desert ecosystem where Colorado and the Mojave Desert meet. Joshua trees depend on the perfect conditions: well-timed rains, and a crisp winter freeze. One of the best places to see these unbelievable plants is Joshua Tree National Park in Southern California, where the largest Joshua tree is an astounding 40 feet tall. If you visit in the spring, keep an eye out for clusters of white-green flowers growing at the tips of their branches.
Start planning your trip today to see some of these amazing trees in real life.
The Cincinnati Musical Center half dollar or Cincinnati Music Center half dollar is a commemorative 50-cent piece struck by the United States Bureau of the Mint in 1936. Produced with the stated purpose of commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of Cincinnati, Ohio as a center of music, it was conceived by Thomas G. Melish, a coin enthusiast who controlled the group which was allowed to buy the entire issue from the government, and who resold the pieces at high prices.
Congress approved legislation for the coin on March 31, 1936, authorizing 15,000 pieces to be struck at the three mints then in operation. Melish had hired sculptor Constance Ortmayer to design the coin, but the Commission of Fine Arts refused to recommend the designs. Members objected to the depiction of Stephen Foster on the obverse, finding no connection between Foster, who died in 1864, and the supposed anniversary. Nevertheless, the designs were approved by the Bureau of the Mint, and 5,000 sets from the three mints were issued and sold to Melish's group, the only authorized purchaser.
Melish likely held back much of the issue for later resale, and with few pieces available, prices for the set spiked, rising to over five times the issue price. The value dropped somewhat when the boom in commemorative coins burst in late 1936, but quickly recovered and the coins are valuable today. Melish has been assailed by numismatic writers for greed.
Inception [ edit ]
Sparked by low-mintage issues which appreciated in value, the market for the United States commemorative coins spiked in 1936. Until 1954, the entire mintage of such issues was sold by the government at face value to a group authorized by Congress, who then tried to sell the coins at a profit to the public. The new pieces then came on to the secondary market, and in early 1936 all earlier commemoratives sold at a premium to their issue prices. The apparent easy profits to be made by purchasing and holding commemoratives attracted many to the coin collecting hobby, where they sought to purchase the new issues. Among the pieces which had recently been struck and had appreciated in value was the 1935 Old Spanish Trail half dollar. This piece had been issued at the behest of L. W. Hoffecker, a Texas entrepreneur and coin dealer, who put aside a fifth of the 10,000 mintage for themselves and sold them well into the 1940s, by which time they had served as president of the American Numismatic Association (ANA). Congress authorized an explosion of commemorative coins in 1936; no fewer than fifteen were issued for the first time. At the request of the groups authorized to purchase them, several coins minted in prior years were produced again, dated 1936, senior among them the Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar, first struck in 1926.
Thomas G. Melish
Thomas G. Melish, a coin collector and entrepreneur from Cincinnati, came up with an idea for a commemorative coin that they would control and from which they could profit. Melish was a prominent business person who had inherited the Bromwell Wire Company. They formed the Cincinnati Musical Center Commemorative Coin Association, and secured the introduction of H.R. 10264 on January 31, 1936. This bill would have provided for 10,000 coins from the Philadelphia Mint, 2,000 coins from Denver, and 3,000 from the San Francisco Mint. Such a low mintage would have made the Denver coin a significant rarity, increasing Melish's profit. On February 17, the House Committee on Coinage, Weights and Measures recommended that it be amended to provide for a total of 15,000 coins without dictating at what mint or mints they should be struck. That committee, in its report accompanying the bill, noted that the piece was "in commemoration of the fiftieth (golden) anniversary of Cincinnati, Ohio, as a center of music, and its contribution of the annual[a] May festival to the art of music for the past 50 years." Melish, through political influence, was able to retain the provision that they should be struck "at the mints", allowing coinage at all three mints. This marked the last time that a coinage bill would pass Congress in the 1930s with that phrasing—later issues were limited to a single mint.
The bill passed Congress, and was signed by President Franklin Roosevelt on March 31, 1936. The pieces were to honor "the 50th anniversary of Cincinnati, Ohio, as a center of music, and its contribution to the art of music for the past 50 years". Anthony Swiatek and Walter Breen, in their volume on commemorative coins, concluded that "pressure from the above-named Association on Congress induced passage of the Act".
Preparation and controversy [ edit ]
Melish engaged Constance Ortmayer to design the coin. Ortmayer later remembered, "I was recommended by them, someone came through Cincinnati ... they were just looking for somebody so they recommended me". Ortmayer apparently prepared a design before the bill passed Congress, for Melish wrote to Assistant Director of the Mint Mary Margaret O'Reilly on April 4, 1936, that the original "lacked distinction and artistic merit" and that Ortmayer would redesign the coin. They wrote again on May 7, asking if Ortmayer's new design was satisfactory. The models were submitted to the Commission of Fine Arts, charged since 1921 with advising on coin design, though the government was not bound to follow its recommendations. On May 13, the chairperson, Charles Moore, wrote to Mint Director Nellie Tayloe Ross, withholding approval.
Moore recited the stated purpose of the coin, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Cincinnati as a center of music, then noted that the obverse depicted Stephen Foster, the composer and songwriter—who died in 1864, whereas Cincinnati was not notable as a center of music until at least 1873. "The Commission is at a loss to connect a fiftieth anniversary in 1936 with a movement that began in 1873." Foster did live in Cincinnati, Moore admitted, but only for a brief period while working as a bookkeeper, and their main contributions to American music came later, when they lived in Pittsburgh and in New York City. Further, the coin was to commemorate Cincinnati's contributions to the art of music, and Foster "was an American troubadour, but to music as an art they made no contribution". Moore felt that if anyone should be depicted, it should be Theodore Thomas, who conducted the Cincinnati May Festival from its beginning in 1873 and in 1878 became director of the Cincinnati College of Music. They stated that "Theodore Thomas was, artistically, the founder of Cincinnati as a musical center. Their portrait should appear on any coin commemorative of Cincinnati 'as a center of music'".
On May 16, The Cincinnati Enquirer reported that Thomas would appear on the coin, not Foster. The paper also reported the controversy before the Commission of Fine Arts, that Melish had travelled to Washington the previous day, and had announced they had no objection to the change.[16] Also on May 16, Melish telephoned Lee Lawrie, sculptor member of the Commission. Melish's notes indicate that Moore's objection was on behalf of Alice Roosevelt Longworth and the Longworth family, who had employed Thomas to lead the May Festival, and who wanted Thomas on the coin, although, as (per Melish) Lawrie put it, "Thomas looks like a walrus and would be a very hard head to make". Melish was defiant, stating that they also knew Alice Longworth well, and Foster remained on the coin. Ortmayer remembered that the "boss" of the Bureau of the Mint (presumably Ross) objected to the reverse design, not liking the position of the goddess' legs. Swiatek, in their later volume, averred that Melish's association put pressure on the Department of the Treasury to approve Ortmayer's design.
The Philadelphia Mint received the models from Ortmayer. On May 23 its superintendent, Edwin Dressel, sent O'Reilly a memorandum from Chief Engraver John R. Sinnock, stating that the sculptor's models were in too high relief, and suggesting that Ortmayer come to the mint to discuss the matter. A letter from O'Reilly to Melish on June 18 reports that after some modification, Sinnock wrote that the coin was at the very limit of high relief that the mint could coin, and that dies for the Cincinnati piece were expected to be tested by coining trial strikes in early July.
Design [ edit ]
The obverse of the Cincinnati Musical Center half dollar displays a bust of Stephen Foster, facing to the viewer's right, and below it, the words " STEPHEN FOSTER AMERICA'S TROUBADOUR ". This phrase was taken from a biography of Foster published earlier in the 1930s. The artist's initials, "CO", are to the left of Foster. The name of the country, and the denomination, appear near the rim. The reverse shows a kneeling figure, intended to be the goddess of music. In the upper left portion of the field, or background, is the date 1886, in the lower right 1936, and beneath the latter the mint mark (unless struck at Philadelphia, which did not then use one). The goddess kneels on the mottos required by law to appear, and near the edge is " CINCINNATI A MUSIC CENTER OF AMERICA ".
The design attracted comments from those interested in coins. Frank Duffield, editor of the ANA's journal The Numismatist, noted in the October 1936 issue that the coin had been awaited with anticipation by hobbyists because of an announcement that it would bear the likeness of Foster, but "when it finally appeared many expressions of approval of the designs were heard and a few criticisms ... Foster deserved a better bust than the one the artist has given us ...the toy four-string lyre [the goddess] holds in their hand is not in keeping with the times or the occasion ... After all these years, Music deserved something better." Coin dealer B. Max Mehl, in their monograph on commemorative coins published in 1937, agreed with the criticism of the reverse, "apparently this lyre must have been bought at a 5¢ and 10¢ store as it seems to be only a toy".
Art historian Cornelius Vermeule, in their 1971 volume on American coins and medals, Numismatic Art in America, criticized Ortmayer's design:
The details and style of this coin perpetuate the slender lettering and weak surfaces of the John Sinnock school, as exemplified in the Philadelphia Sesquicentennial half dollar of 1926. Surfaces are glazed or rubbed over, and the coin has a worn look ... Stephen Foster's bust on the obverse is a distorted or compressed lump, and the "goddess of music" has much the same appeal of a dancer with cramps.
Release, distribution, and collecting [ edit ]
The mintage of 15,000 was struck in July 1936. At the Philadelphia and Denver mints, 5,005 pieces were produced, and 5,006 at San Francisco, with the excess from the even thousands held for inspection and testing at the 1937 meeting of the United States Assay Commission. The first 200 pieces from each mint were collected in sets of three, with a notarized letter from Melish testifying to what number coins they were. Several of these special sets were sent by Melish to government officials.
Letter from Melish to a would-be purchaser of the half dollar
Melish had been fielding inquiries from collectors since Roosevelt signed the legislation, but from mid-May, those who wrote received only postcards stating the new issue was oversubscribed. The summer of 1936 was the peak of the commemorative coin boom, and Melish announced the new pieces would be sold in sets of three by mint mark for $7.75 (a high price at that time). Order blanks were sent to those who had written early, and soon these blanks were selling for $10. Yet few collectors were successful in having their orders filled, with most having their payment returned as the coins had supposedly sold out. The sets quickly jumped in price to $40. At this high level, many coins proved available. Numismatist Q. David Bowers stated that these were most likely surreptitiously sold by Melish and other insiders. Melish also allowed the issuers of the York County, Maine Tercentenary half dollar to purchase, at the original issue price, several sets—members of the public could order at most one set at that price. In return, they sought to purchase that and other commemorative coins in quantities beyond the usual order limit. Nevertheless, when the Oregon Trail Memorial Association, issuer of the long-lived half dollar honoring the trail, tried to purchase a set, Melish replied that they were sold out.[26]
By December, the bottom had dropped out of the commemorative coin market, and dealers who had purchased quantities found themselves unable to dispose of them at a profit. By 1940 the coin sets were selling for $15 per set. They thereafter recovered, and by the early 1960s had reached $100 a set, and by 1975 $550 per set of three. At the height of the second commemorative coin boom in 1980, they sold for $2,250 a set. R.S. Yeoman's A Guide Book of United States Coins, published in 2015, lists the sets at between $875 and $2,700 depending on condition. Individual coins are cataloged at about a third of the set prices.
The Cincinnati set in holder of issue
The circumstances of the issuance were not clear at first: Mehl wrote that the coin was to honor the 50th anniversary of the "Cincinnati Musical Center" which was "founded in 1886" and that "either through good distribution or a great demand, the sets did not go around to all those who wanted them". Later numismatic writers have been harsh to Melish; Swiatek deemed the coin issued because of "false claims" on its behalf. Kevin Flynn, in their volume on commemoratives, stated that the Cincinnati piece "was made for pure profit and greed". Swiatek and Breen, in their 1988 book, suggest that Melish's group "had only one idea in mind: enriching themselves by publicizing and distributing a limited issue which could be priced into orbit by speculators".
With the success of the issue, Melish tried to get Congress to authorize 1937-dated pieces; they were not successful. They had managed to get Congress to allow another commemorative under their control, the 1936 Cleveland Centennial half dollar. In 1942, when the ANA held its annual convention in Cincinnati, Melish hosted a hospitality suite. Dubbed the "Pirate's Den", it featured paintings they had commissioned, depicting coin dealers and other numismatic personalities in piratical clothes. According to Bowers, "Overlooked was the fact that the greatest pirate of all was surely Melish himself, who undoubtedly treated many of their guests with money taken from them a few years earlier in the sale of Cincinnati sets!"
Notes [ edit ]
^ Biennial for much of its history
References [ edit ]
^ "Theodore Thomas's Likeness To Appear On Cincinnati Coins; Collectors Foiled". The Cincinnati Enquirer. May 16, 1936. ^ Letter from Thomas G. Melish to the Oregon Trail Memorial Association, September 8, 1936. Howard G. Driggs Papers, Southern Utah University, folder "Coins".
The 104-page document excludes any examination of climate change. NSW government report predicts coal mining in the state - and resulting royalites - will continue to grow well into the future. Credit:Dean Osland The Greens crunched the numbers on coal, and assumed thermal and coking coal would maintain their respective shares of total mining. At a 1.2 per cent annual growth, the 196.6 million tonnes of coal extracted in the 2013-14 year would swell to 324.5 million tonnes a year by 2056 - or closing in on a million tonnes a day. Between 2016 and 2056, the state would have extracted 10.58 billion tonnes of coal - both thermal and coking - over these years based on the report's figures, the Greens said. Jeremy Buckingham, the Greens energy spokesperson, said the projections ignore climate change and the pledges made by the world's nations in Paris to shift to net-zero carbon emissions by the second half of this century.
"According to the NSW Treasury, the mining boom will never end, coal is forever and climate change doesn't matter," Mr Buckingham said. "Instead of delusional projections, we need a serious strategy to deal with the decline of coal and provide a managed transition to renewable energy." When will forecasters dump their coal estimates? Credit:Robert Rough The projections for state royalties are perhaps even more ambitious given the deep dive in coal prices since peaking in 2011. "With the thermal coal price assumed to grow with the consumer price inflation minus any change in the terms of trade, royalty revenue is expected to increase at an annual average of 4.2 per cent over the projection period," the report states. Royalties from coal in 2015 were worth $1.27 billion, which on the projected rate of increase would balloon to $6.88 billion a year by 2056, the Greens said. (See chart below.)
NSW Treasurer Gladys Berejiklian, though, stood by the report's estimates, noting the figures were drawn from the federal Bureau of Resources and Energy Economics of the Commonwealth Department of Industry, Innovation and Science. "The report assumes, as is the case with other policy areas, long-run trends continuing and no policy change," Ms Berejiklian said. "Therefore, it should not be used as a guide to future policy directions.
"As the report clearly states it is not a prediction of the future - rather, it is a long-term model of the state's fiscal gap to help assess future challenges and opportunities." According to the government's information spruiking investment in the state's coal industry, the 10 billion-tonne coal production predicted out to 2056 would consume about one-third of the state's remaining reserves. (See chart below.)
On Wednesday, the US Office of Research Integrity released a report finding ex-Harvard professor Marc Hauser guilty of research misconduct. A scandal broke last year when Hauser, a major figure in the field of animal cognition research, was accused of questionable research practices and reprimanded by Harvard. The new report investigates several of Hauser's studies on primate cognition that were funded by the National Institutes of Health over the last several years.
In experiments involving animal behavior, trials are often videotaped so that subtle behaviors and responses to stimuli can be analyzed more carefully. According to the report, many of the instances of misconduct had to do with the “coding,” or interpretation, of these videotapes. In two cases, Hauser miscoded the videotaped trials, claiming that the subjects responded in ways consistent with the experiments' hypotheses; when unbiased observers watched the tapes, they found no evidence that the subjects behaved in this way. In another instance, Hauser claimed that three observers independently coded the trials, while in reality, only Hauser did so (then proceeded to fabricate a measure of “inter-observer reliability”).
In one of the most blatant instances of misconduct, it appears that Hauser did not actually conduct the research they claimed to have done, and instead, they completely fabricated data for an entire control group. The report found that in two other cases, Hauser manipulated the results obtained in the study in order to reach statistical significance.
As a result of the report's findings, any research that Hauser participates in during the next three years must be supervised by the Office of Research Integrity, and they cannot serve in any advisory role for the Public Health Service during this time.
Hauser released a statement saying that they have “fundamental differences with some of the findings,” but also acknowledges that they have “made mistakes.” They write, “I let important details get away from my control, and as head of the lab, I take responsibility for all errors made within the lab, whether or not I was directly involved."
VANCOUVER, BC – Vancouver Whitecaps FC confirmed today that defenders Sam Adekugbe and Christian Dean are set to train with English Premier League club Liverpool FC from December 1 to 7 as the youngsters continue to prepare for 2015.
This will be the second offseason training stint for Adekugbe and Dean. The duo, along with midfielder Kianz Froese, recently trained with Scottish Championship club Rangers FC.
Froese will now join the Whitecaps FC U-18 Residency team in Florida for the USSDA Winter Showcase – as will goalkeeper Marco Carducci, defender/midfielder Jordan Haynes, and midfielder Marco Bustos, who recently trained with English Championship club Derby County FC.
Adekugbe, 19, has made five appearances in MLS regular season play since signing with the first team in August 2013. The Homegrown defender previously featured at the Residency level, starting 55 of their 60 appearances in United States Soccer Development Academy (USSDA) play. Internationally, the product of Calgary, Alberta, has participated in training camps for Canada at the U-18, U-20, and senior levels. They recently captained Canada's U-20 side to a 2-2 draw with England.
Dean, 21, made six first team appearances in their rookie season, including a pair of starts at the 2014 Amway Canadian Championship. The East Palo Alto, California, resident, who Whitecaps FC selected at third overall in the 2014 MLS SuperDraft, has been a regular for the United States men's U-23 side this year, having been called up on three separate occasions.
Participate in the best sporting experience in Vancouver! 2015 Whitecaps FC Season Tickets are on sale now. In addition to Season Tickets, Whitecaps FC offer a flexible range of ticket products, including Half-Season Packs, 5-Packs, Student Half-Season Tickets, and a Youth Soccer Half-Season Ticket. For more information on 2015 Season Tickets, visit whitecapsfc.com/tickets.
A map of the Island of Sodor showing the Railway system (click to enlarge).
The Island of Sodor Railway in the style of Harry Beck (click to enlarge).
The North Western Railway is the main railway company featured in The Railway Series of children's books by the Rev. W. Awdry. Although the company's name has never been specifically stated in the books, it was mentioned as such in tie-in books such as The Island of Sodor: Its People, History and Railways by Awdry, and also on some maps that were drawn to accompany the Railway Series.
The railway is situated on the fictional Island of Sodor and is usually referred to as the Fat Controller's Railway after the nickname of its chief executive or chairperson Sir Topham Hatt.
The railway's motto is "Nil Unquam Simile", which is Latin for "There's nothing quite like it".
In the television series Thomas & Friends, which is based on characters from the Railway Series books, the NWR is the main standard gauge railway on Sodor but the railway is known as the "Sodor Railway", "The Fat Controller's Railway", or "The Big Railway" in episodes focusing on the Skarloey Railway. The Adventure Begins marks the very first time the name North Western Railway is used in the television series.
NWR railway lines [ edit ]
The Main Line [ edit ]
The Main Line runs from Barrow to Tidmouth. It is run by The Fat Controller's biggest engines. The most important train is the Express (called the Wild Nor' Wester), which is mainly pulled by Gordon the Big Engine. Other services are run by Henry the Green Engine, James the Red Engine, and a diesel engine named Bear. Donald and Douglas also perform many duties on this line, and other locomotives work here. Following their purchase by the Fat Controller, Pip and Emma run a faster passenger service from Sodor to England. It connects with the Skarloey Railway at Crovan's Gate, where The Fat Controller's Works are located. In the TV series, main line services are carried out by Gordon, Henry, James, Emily, Murdoch, Molly, Hiro and Rebecca.
Notable locations on this line include the main engine sheds at Tidmouth, Gordon's Hill and the Ballahoo tunnel in which Henry was bricked up.
Thomas the Tank Engine, Edward the Blue Engine, Percy the Small Engine, Duck the Great Western Engine and Oliver the Western Engine all worked on this line before Thomas and Percy went to run The Ffarquhar branch line, Edward to run The Brendam branch line and Duck and Oliver to run 'The Little Western' (The Arlesburgh branch line). Two Diesels named Diesel and D199 both also worked on this railway before being sent away in disgrace. Two red engines, one that had an unknown basis, though the most likely candidates are either an LNER A2 or an LNER B13, and another one who had the same basis as James, but with red driving wheels, and two blue engines, 98462 and 87546, appeared in The Three Railway Engines. 98462 and 87546 were sent away for being rude and it is unclear what happened to them after that and we do not know what happened to the red engines either. One of the Red Engines, the one who attempted to push Henry out of the tunnel to no avail, also appeared in the book Henry the Green Engine in the story Henry's Sneeze. We do not know what happened to him/her after this, but it can be assumed that he/she works on another side of the North Western Railway.
Ffarquhar branch line [ edit ]
The Ffarquhar branch line (or Thomas' branch line) runs from Knapford to Ffarquhar. It was originally part of the Tidmouth, Knapford & Elsbridge Railway. When the Fat Controller took over, the original locomotives were replaced and the line was extended to serve the quarry at Ffarqhuar but was at one time planned to go a few miles further east to Ulfstead. Thomas the Tank Engine was put in charge, with their coaches Annie and Clarabel and for many years ran the line single-handedly. Toby the Tram Engine was later brought to help on the quarry line, and after the rebuilding of Knapford Harbour Percy the Small Engine took charge of general goods traffic. A diesel railcar named Daisy assists with passenger services. The Ffarquhar Quarry Company owns a diesel shunter called Mavis, who sometimes comes down the branch line. Most passenger services run between Knapford and Ffarquhar but some commence and finish at Tidmouth.
As well as the quarry and the harbour, notable locations on or near this line include the dairy, the bridge where Thomas went fishing, Mrs Kyndley's house and the old lead mine (which has been reopened as a uranium mine).
In the TV Series film, The Adventure Begins (which is based on the first two books in the Railway Series, The Three Railway Engines and Thomas the Tank Engine), Edward, Gordon and James say that there used to be coffee pot engines working on Sodor and Edward said that they used to run branch lines, but they were all closed down, but they then said, 'though I think one might still be on a siding somewhere'. When Thomas is given their branch line, they meet the old number 1, called Glynn (who Thomas addressed as 'Mr. Coffee Pot') tangled up in weeds. It is presumed that Glynn used to run this branch line.
Brendam branch line [ edit ]
The Brendam Branch is Edward's Branch Line. It goes from Wellsworth to the harbour at Brendam. It also links the china clay pits at Brendam with the main line. Edward the Blue Engine is in charge here, assisted by BoCo the diesel. Donald and Douglas help out. The Sodor China Clay owns three small tank engines, Bill, Ben and Timothy, who work at the clay pits and at the docks. Marion also works at the China Clay Pits. At peak times, passenger services also run along the main line to and from Tidmouth.
Some locations on this line featured in the stories include the Vicarage (where Trevor the Traction Engine lives) and the scrapyard.
In the TV series, work is carried out by Edward, Boco, Bill, Ben, Donald, Douglas, Derek, Salty, Porter, Timothy, and Phillip.
The Little Western [ edit ]
The Little Western (also known as the Arlesburgh Branch, or Duck's Branch Line), is the newest on the NWR, having been reopened to regular services in 1967. It is known as "The Little Western" because Duck and Oliver run it, who both come from the Great Western Railway (GWR for short). Duck and Oliver (both ex-GWR engines) are in charge, and the passenger coaches are ex-GWR autocoaches named Isabel, Dulcie, Alice and Mirabel. Oliver was saved with their break van, Toad.
The line runs along the coast from Tidmouth to Arlesburgh West, where it connects with the Arlesdale Railway. It is used for transporting ballast, and is also very popular with tourists. Freight services are mainly handled by Donald and Douglas, who are also based on the branch line. When the line was first opened in the 1920s it connected with the Mid Sodor Railway and there was an intention to build further up the Sudrian western coast to Harwick but this extension was never built. When the Mid Sodor closed in the late 1940s, the Arlesburgh branch became used only very rarely. It has appeared in many seasons and appeared in Tale of the Brave and the Arlesdale Railway appearead alongside it in Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure. In Wilbert the Forest Engine, the Fat Controller was planning to purchase an engine who looked just like Wilbert, but sadly this character hasn't appeared in any books. In the cancelled book, Barry the Rescue Engine, the character Barry, who was based on a BR Standard 2 Mogul, was most likely stationed to on the Little Western, but this is pure speculation seeing how the book was never released to the public, however, there is still the possibility that the book might see the light of day some day.
Peel Godred branch [ edit ]
The Peel Godred branch line runs from Kildane to the aluminium works at Peel Godred and connecting with the Culdee Fell Railway at Kirk Machan. Although the line has never featured prominently in the Railway Series books or the TV series, according to Awdry, the line uses electric locomotives powered from the power station at Peel Godred. Christopher Awdry says in the book Sodor: Reading Between the Lines that goods traffic is hauled by engines similar to the British Rail Class 87 electric locomotive. Passenger trains consist of electric multiple units.
The construction of this branch was largely responsible for the closure of the Mid Sodor Railway.
The Peel Godred branch was seen in one illustration in the book Mountain Engines but without any indication that it was an electric railway. However, in Henry and the Express an electrified line is visible.
Ulfstead branch [ edit ]
In the CGI series the Ulfstead Branch Line runs from Maron to Ulfstead Castle.
Arlesburgh-Harwick Branch Line [ edit ]
Also, in the CGI series, another branch line, the Arlesburgh-Harwick Branch made its debut in Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure.
The Branch Line, runs from Arlesburgh Junction, on Duck's Branch Line to the seaside/fishing town of Harwick.
It is run by Ryan, who runs goods and Daisy who runs the passenger service.
Other branch lines [ edit ]
On the maps of Sodor are shown three other branch lines that run from Vicarstown to Norramby via Ballahoo, Ballahoo to Crovan's Gate and Kellsthorpe Road to Kirk Ronan. Parts of these branches were first built by the Sodor & Mainland Railway. Apart from a brief glimpse of Kirk Ronan in the 1860s and the prominent appearance of Kirk Ronan Station in Series 5 of the TV series, none of these lines have featured in either the books or TV series, and nothing is known of the locomotives that worked them.
History [ edit ]
According to "research" by Awdry, the railway company was formed in 1914 from a government-sponsored merger of the two standard gauge rail companies that existed on Sodor. These were:
The three railways were extended and brought into one system as a means of coastal defence and were connected to the British mainland by a Scherzer rolling lift bridge designed by Topham Hatt. The bridge runs from Vicarstown to Barrow-in-Furness.
The company first had its headquarters at Vicarstown but were moved along with the main engine sheds to Tidmouth in 1925.
The main repair works for the railway are at Crovan's Gate close to the interchange station with the independently owned Skarloey Railway. Connections to Sodor's other railway companies are at Kirk Machan for the Culdee Fell Railway and Arlesburgh West for the Arlesdale or 'Small' Railway.
The North Western Railway has had running rights into Barrow Central since the agreement with the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1925. Until the construction of the Jubilee Road Bridge in 1977, the NWR had rights of car-ferry and worked an intensive and profitable service. British Rail had running powers over the Bridge to operate the joint NWR/BR suburban service from Barrow to Norramby.
On through or express trains engines from the NWR are detached at Barrow and "Other Railway" engines take over. Since 1925 the NWR has also had its own loco shed, turntable and servicing facility here. There is also a joint goods yard for exchange traffic.
When the railways in the United Kingdom were nationalised Sodor was affected too with the North Western Railway becoming the North Western Region of British Railways however the railway was allowed to keep a large degree of independence from the rest of the network; this is why steam traction was preserved on the railway, as well as why none of the branchlines were affected by the Beeching axe. The other railways on the island were not affected by the nationalisation. Since privatisation the railway has again become the North Western Railway Company and unlike most post-privatisation train companies is responsible for the running of the freight and passenger operations and for the maintenance of the track and infrastructure of the railway.
On some promotional items to tie-in with the Railway Series books dating from the 1970s the NWR is called Sodor Rail and uses a logo similar to the famous British Rail one now used by the organization National Rail.
Rolling stock [ edit ]
The locomotives and rolling stock of the North Western Railway are also the main characters that feature in the books. For further information, see:
Liveries [ edit ]
The steam engines are painted primarily blue with red lining, secondarily green with red lining and tertiarily red with yellow and black lining with either the words "NORTH WESTERN" or the letters "N W R" painted in yellow letters with red or black shading on the side of the tanks or tenders, and the numbers painted in yellow with red or black borders on the side of the cabs, tanks or tenders. The diesel engines are painted either BR black, BR green or BR blue. The diesel shunters are painted with black and yellow hazard stripes, and the mainline diesels are painted with yellow warning panels.
The carriages are painted brown with yellow lining and NWR lettering and numbering.
The wagons and brake vans are painted either dark grey, dark green, or brown with black frames and "N W" painted on the sides in white.
After nationalization, two logos (or crests) were used during the period, similar to the ones of British Railways. The first logo (1948-1956) was the "Lion and Wheel" (sometimes nicknamed the "Cycling Lion"), showing a Lion standing over a spoked wheel upon which the words "British Railways" were displayed. The second logo (1956-1965) featured a lion holding a wheel (which gave rise to the nickname "ferret and dartboard"), sitting in a crown, with the words "British" and "Railways" to left and right. From 1965, the BR/Sudrian Corporate Image and "Double Arrow" logo was adopted.
Prince Naseem was a wonderful phenomenon in the boxing world - a featherweight fighter of the Roy Jones Jr. mold who fought with such flair and creativity that they were ultimately reviled by boxing elitists. It seems that when a fighter who always fights in the style displayed in textbooks starts to slow down and lose bouts it is just natural decline, but when Jones Jr. and Hamed eventually lost it was as if their style had been somehow exposed as all natural talent and no science. This is both unfair and untrue, both Jones Jr. and Hamed could have remained in obscurity as orthodox boxers, it was their style and tricks that allowed them to excel at the highest level - by merit of exploiting the holes in orthodox technique.
The boxing world in general hates switch hitters - mainly because the vast majority of coaches cannot teach the southpaw vs orthodox (or Open Guard as I term it) style of fighting nearly as well - but also because the boxing world hates change.
Prince Naseem Hamed Highlights (by GP) (via gorillaproductions03)
Had Naseem Hamed not come from Wincobank gym in Sheffield under the great and consistently under-rated trainer, Brendan Ingle, they would likely not have been half the fighter they are. In fact once Naseem Hamed left Brendan Ingle and began to train with the late Emmanuel Steward (a great trainer of more orthodox boxers, particularly out fighters) and Oscar Suarez that they began to look lackluster even against fighters such as Augie Sanchez. Brendan Ingle's charges have always been taught the art of fighting with both left and right foot forward and square or side on. Ingle was reportedly inspired by their early work with Herol Graham - a wonderfully unorthodox British boxer who has been called the best British boxer to never win a world title. It has also been said that Graham was the master of pulling defeat from the jaws of victory.
Most coaches consider it important to focus on one stance and getting everything perfect - Ingle's style of coaching is certainly controversial but it plays to the imperfect nature of human beings. Ingle's fighters aren't the fastest, but where an orthodox boxer will go through 10 or 12 rounds looking pretty samey, the Wincobank brand of boxing offers a fighter 4 different games from which they may have one or two set ups or counters which they like to practice most. Hamed could have had a pretty mediocre career as a gloves up, one stance boxer - instead they carved out a chunk of boxing history by mixing things up. Their game wasn't hugely complex but the constant changes of stance and unorthodox technique bewildered everyone they met, even as they became more and more one dimensional up until their fight with Barerra.
The Counter Right Hook
It is interesting that Hamed is remembered mainly for their wild offense and unpredictable swings but the meat of their game was drawing their opponent into uncomfortable exchanges. Hamed's wide stance was their base from which they would throw their back handed jab.
This type of jab is pretty poor form for a southpaw vs orthodox exchange typically, Hamed's right hand will easily be parried or blocked by Steve Robinson's left and that will open the opportunity for Robinson to move in with their own jab or combination.
Leaning forward at the waist, Hamed would whip out this backhanded jab, then sliding their rear foot further behind them they would lean back as their opponent came in. Hamed would swing their hand low from the inside of their opponent's lead shoulder to the outside and unleash a short, clubbing right hook which, if the orthodox opponent was jabbing, would clip them over the temple or jaw. The above sequence is from the very beginning of the Steve Robinson bout and you can see that even though they attempt to take the offensive, Robinson is quickly forced back onto the defensive, standing in front of Naz with their gloves to their head.
Here is a nice example from later in the first round - Robinson commits to the jab this time and gets clubbed with a right hook for their troubles. Notice how Hamed is almost completely side on - making themselves an even more difficult target as they lean away from Robinson.
Here are a few more examples of Hamed finding their clubbing right hook as their opponents moved forward to catch him. The act of jabbing haphazardly seemed to expose openings to their opponents which they then intended to use for counter punches. An observation which pundits continued to make was that Naseem Hamed made good boxers look very ordinary - and the HBO commentary team took this idea further by commenting on the punch numbers of Hamed's opponents. Naseem Hamed made good boxers look average because their unorthodox counters - particularly the lean back right hook - caused opponents who usually threw 80 punches a round to sit back and throw 30 punches a round without combinations.
With their opponents reluctant to attack for fear of over-committing the Prince would start to work their offense.
The Corkscrew Uppercut
Hamed's go to offensive weapon was the corkscrew lead uppercut. It is a testament to the efficacy of this technique that for quite some time before their loss to Barrera, Hamed was relying more and more on this weapon alone. The majority of Hamed's opponents kept their left glove high to protect the side of their head from Hamed's constant right hooks. This opened up the opportunity for Hamed to attack inside their left hand from underneath. Hamed would move their head to the outside of their lead shoulder - as if to wind up for a lead hook - then driving a hard, lancing punch up off of their lead leg.
A great many fighters have used a sort of lead uppercut - straight hybrid to confound their opponents such as Alistair Overeem and Marvin Hagler - but southpaws who use it as a power punch are rare, and no-one did it as consistently against champions, future champions and former champions as Naseem Hamed.
Notice how Hamed moves their head to the right and keeps it there during the punch. Their right hand travels straight inside of their opponent's elevated lead hand with ease and power. Notice that Hamed's palm is pointing upward and the slight bend in Hamed's arm removes the ability of their opponent to jam the punch as they could if it were a simply hard straight.
Here's another look, notice how Hamed is well outside of their opponent's lead arm, and far away from their rear one, meaning they are in little danger of being struck. Notice also how they take a dominant angle as they leap.
While Hamed theirs jumping into their corkscrew uppercut, they are moving their feet into a dominant position from which they can throw their less dexterous but powerful left hand. Here's a great gif of one of several finishes they scored off of this combination.
While this has only been a brief look at the Prince's strategies - I will do a more in depth one at some point - I hope that I have been able to demonstrate to some extent that it wasn't entirely dumb luck or magical genetics that made Prince Naseem such a devastating knockout artist against good boxers. In the coming weeks we will also take a look at the great Roy Jones Jr. and perhaps some more of my favourite boxers.
Learn the techniques and strategies of effective striking in Jack Slack's BRAND-NEW ebook: Elementary Striking.
20 of the world's top strikers from boxing, kickboxing and MMA have their techniques dissected in Jack Slack's first ebook, Advanced Striking.
Jack can be found on Twitter, Facebook and at their blog; Fights Gone By.
How to handle telco, internet provider woes, as complaints to Ombudsman up
Updated
In the second half of last year there were almost 66,000 complaints to Australia's telecommunications watchdog, and consumer advocates say it's just the tip of the iceberg.
If you're struggling to get good customer service, seeking to resolve billing issues or there's just something wrong with your service — you're clearly not alone.
These were the most complained about issues to the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman in the second half of 2016, which saw a huge increase in complaints from the six months prior.
Internet providers saw the biggest growth in complaints, partly because of issues with the NBN, which increased by 7 per cent from six months earlier, and a massive 117 per cent from a year earlier.
Service: Jul-Dec 2015 Jan-Jun 2016 Jul-Dec 2016 Year on year change Internet 16,047 22,715 24,641 53.6 per cent Mobile phone 19,639 21,390 23,331 18.8 per cent Landline phone 13,632 18,526 17,998 32.0 per cent Total: 49,318 62,631 65,970 33.8 per cent
CEO of the Australian Communications Consumer Action Network Teresa Corbin said the figures only represented the country's most desperate customers.
"Our research shows only a few consumers actually do escalate to the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman, it's actually a very low percentage of people and usually people that are so desperate that they have to make the time to resolve it," they said.
"The truth is this is only the tip of the iceberg… I think we can be sure that there's a broader discontent out there."
So if you're out there, on hold waiting to speak to someone about your internet or mobile phone woes, here's the consumer network's advice on what to do about it.
Know exactly what you want
No doubt you have a clear idea in your head of how you've been wronged, but you also need to know what you'd like the company to do to put it right.
"Be really clear about what your complaint is and what you want your provider to do to resolve it," Ms Corbin said.
"Get that clear in your mind and get the instances and evidence you've got clear, even write it down, and then approach your provider with the complaint."
Take emotion out of it (if possible)
Try not to get mad, even if you've been waiting a while to speak to someone.
"Our advice is to remain calm and to try to be polite, but the truth is everybody gets frustrated and everybody's emotions run high when they can't get something resolved and it's something they really depend on," they said.
If you don't think you can explain what's happened without getting up in arms at the person in a call centre, try avoiding talking altogether.
"Sometimes if you can't remain calm maybe it's better to get another family member to do it — you can give permission for them to talk for you.
"Also you can use online services like complaining via email or use the chat service and sometimes that's a better way to take the emotion out of it."
Try to talk to a decision-maker
You've just spent 20 minutes on the phone to someone explaining your problem, only to find out that Johnny from accounts is the only one qualified to help with your particular case.
If you've ever spent an afternoon navigating a large corporation's labyrinth of departments, you'll know how this feels.
Try to avoid it from outset, again, by knowing what actions you need the company to take to fix your problem.
"The important thing is to make sure you've got to a decision-maker. They could be really low down or they could be quite high up, but you need to find out, 'can you make this decision or can you resolve this — and if not can you just please escalate my complaint to another level'," Ms Corbin said.
"Once you've expressed that, then you should be escalated, and if you're not then that's grounds to go to the telecommunications ombudsman."
Social media rant: Worth a shot?
Taking to Facebook or Twitter to publicly let your provider know you're not happy with them may not fix your problem. But you might get lucky.
"There are lots of examples of that being very effective, but there are also examples where it hasn't been so effective — I think people have got to judge that for themselves," they said.
"If you are planning to engage with social media, maybe engage directly with the company's social media team, sometimes they might be a bit more responsive."
Whether or not it's successful, at the very least it could be cathartic.
Go to the ombudsman
Ms Corbin said the majority of cases referred to the ombudsman get resolved when you lodge the complaint, without an investigation taking place.
"When you go to the ombudsman, you do get referred to a higher point in the company, so you don't necessarily have to wait for an investigation to be undertaken or for a conciliation to be undertaken, those things take a bit more time," they said.
"Most of the cases that go to the TIO are not complicated cases and they do get resolved relatively quickly," they said.
They said don't wait until you've spoken to every second person at the company and simply can not take another moment of waiting to speak to another one.
"If you have tried more than once, and definitely more than twice, to resolve the situation with your provider, then escalate it to the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman."
Topics: internet-technology, information-and-communication, computers-and-technology, science-and-technology, australia
First posted
Field goals are supposed to be simple. Either a kick passes in between the uprights and it's good, or it passes outside them and counts for nothing. Same with football games: Either your team scores the most points and wins, or scores fewer points and loses. In or out, win or loss, black or white, up or down, heaven or hell.
So it was strange enough that Cairo Santos's kick could either win the Chiefs the game or send them to football purgatory. The Chiefs and Broncos were both 7–3, jockeying for AFC playoff position, and both had 27 points in the closing seconds of overtime. Santos's kick couldn't win or lose the game. It could either win it, or it would be a tie.
And then the kick wasn't cut-and-dried:
It thudded off of one upright with a DOINK, and jackknifed back toward the other upright. One official under the posts determined the kick had angled through, giving Kansas City the win, 30–27. The other knew they had no idea whether points had been scored, so they just kinda sidled out of the frame as if they were hoping nobody would notice.
Sadly, the drama killed Miles, the Broncos' costumed horse mascot. Buddy, I hope they have salt licks in mascot heaven.
This game-ending weirdness has become oddly common. (The ties, not the dying mascots.) Two NFL games have ended in ties this year. There haven't been three in a season since the NFL added overtime in 1974, meaning this year is — ugh, do I have to say it — tied for the most ties in a season since the NFL tried to tamp them down.
The increase is due to the NFL's 2012 decision to tweak its overtime rules. That choice was smart. NFL overtime used to be played under sudden-death rules, giving a massive advantage to the team that won the coin toss after the end of regulation. It was simply unfair for something so random and unrelated to football to have such a large effect on who won NFL games.
But instead of, say, adopting the wildly popular rules used in college football, the NFL made its own rules. Now, a touchdown still wins the game at any point, but if a team scores a field goal on the first possession, the game does not end and the other team has the opportunity to match or win.
Have you thought about how dumb this is? In basketball and baseball, teams play additional periods until one loses. The college football method is essentially the same thing, adapted to football. In hockey there's a 3-on-3 overtime session, which can be won by outscoring your opponent, and a shootout, which can be won by outscoring your opponent.
In the NFL, we take into account the type of score and when it happened to determine whether or not a score is a sudden-death winner or not. It's weird.
The biggest upshot of these rules is that officials now have to take about 45 seconds to explain overtime to the players every single game, whereas back in the day they just got right to the coin-flipping. Before Sunday night, there had been 78 regular-season overtime games played since 2012. Twenty-two ended with game-winning touchdowns, and a 23rd ended on a safety. All of these would have triggered a sudden-death victory before the rule change, and all still did. An additional 49 were won by the first team to hit a field goal.
Last year, I looked closely at the outcomes of NFL overtime games to see whether Patriots coach Bill Belichick was justified in allowing opponents to take the ball even when they won the coin toss, and the answer was plainly no. The new rules might technically be a “modified sudden death” system, but they still give a big advantage to the first team to have the ball and generally upheld the NFL's overtime status quo.
All told, before Sunday night the result of 94.8 percent of overtime games was unchanged by the new rules. No team has ever responded to a field goal on the first drive of overtime with a game-winning touchdown, and before Sunday, only one team had ever allowed a field goal on the first possession of overtime, matched it, and then gone on to win.
This makes sense. Successful field goals happened on 14.5 percent of possessions last year. That means the odds of field goals happening on back-to-back possessions are about 2.1 percent. Of course, in overtime, those odds should increase, as both teams have significantly higher incentive to attempt field goals. But with such low chances, it's not particularly surprising that the only meaningful new scenario created by the NFL's funky overtime almost never happens.
But then we got Broncos-Chiefs.
The game started out as a defensive battle between two of the league's best. We often hear about QB matchups and have to snidely remark to ourselves how silly it is that football commentators seem to think quarterbacks actually play against each other. Sunday night was one of the few times we got in-depth updates on a pass rusher battle, as Von Miller and Justin Houston each proved how possible it is for vicious defenders to dominate games.
But as the thin mountain air tired defenders, the game opened up. Offenses led by Trevor Siemian and Alex Smith actually looked good as they headed toward overtime.
When both teams started off overtime with field goals, the weirdness began. Over 10 minutes of the overtime session were gone, leaving less than five minutes to sort out the rest. And the two typical options for a potential result were joined by a third, a strange beast nobody knows how to handle.
Denver got to the K.C. 44-yard line with about a minute left, and on fourth-and-10, the Broncos faced an all-time strange decision.
In a normal situation, you punt from there. But punting would eliminate Denver's chance of winning and force it to play for the tie. Ugh. “Play for the tie.” Just typing those words makes me shudder. Every NFL tie leads to perplexed players. Some are unaware ties exist, others are simply upset they don't get to keep playing until they win or lose. Punting was out of the question.
Going for it on fourth-and-10 was risky. Failing would give Kansas City the ball within striking distance of its own field goal range — and a first down wouldn't even guarantee a win.
But kicking a 62-yard field goal was the riskiest option of all. A miss would give the Chiefs the ball on their own half of the field. But Brandon McManus has a strong leg, and the same thin mountain air that tired both defenses is also known for giving flying objects a little bit more distance. And if it worked, there would be no possibility of a tie or a loss. The game would be over, thanks to the longest game-winning kick in league history.
I honestly don't remember the last time I saw people so torn about a football decision. It was more than just whether to be conservative or risky. Should a team push for a win if it opens up the opportunity for a loss, or settle for a tie? Is a tie something to fight for or avoid? Think about the playoff scenarios: Both teams were tied at 7–3 in the standings. A tie would help both teams stay afloat in the AFC wild-card picture, but keep both from advancing on the AFC West–leading Oakland Raiders.
Gary Kubiak chose to kick, and McManus's kick was as wide as the Rockies are tall. The Chiefs did get the ball, Santos did hit their kick, and Andy Reid's squad became just the second team ever to win after allowing a go-ahead field goal to start overtime. After the game, the Broncos stood by their coach making the decision that gave them the greatest chance of losing, proud that they gave them the opportunity to fight for a win. And now, Kansas City has a leg up in the playoff picture.
It's hard to say the NFL's overtime rules are worth it. They're awkward, nonsensical, and generally don't create the change they're supposed to. The league would probably be better off with a more conventional overtime system, either guaranteeing both teams at least one possession before switching to sudden-death rules or just adopting the college rules in full. But on the rare occasions that the twisted system works, it's genuinely fascinating.
Today, we announced the pilot market launch of the Comcast data usage meter in the Portland, Oregon area. After a short period, we'll roll it out nationally. It's designed to be simple and easy to use and will help customers better understand how much data they consume in a month. (Note: the median usage for Comcast's customers is about 2 to 4 GB per month.)
The meter is accessible by logging in to Customer Central at http://customer.comcast.com and clicking on the "Users and Settings" tab. From there, click on "View details" in the "My devices" section (located toward the upper right hand of the screen) and that will go to the meter page. As you can see from the accompanying screen shot the meter will show usage in the current calendar month when it's first launched. Over time, it will show the most recent three months of use (including the current month). The data is refreshed approximately every three hours.
The meter measures all data usage over a cable modem. So, if a customer is using multiple computers and other devices, such as an online gaming console, "over the net" VoIP applications or devices, or additional wireless devices (such as an iPod Touch), the meter will report data usage for all of those computers and devices combined.
This is a tool we promised to provide, and we are pleased to deliver it today after rigorous employee testing and the completion of an independent analysis conducted by NetForecast, Inc. If you'd like to see NetForecast's report on the system, click here.
To read some additional FAQs about the meter, please visit http://sitesearch.comcast.com/?q=data+usage+meter&cat=ccentral
Style Sebastian Stan on Social Media, Style, and Life After Captain America
While Sebastian Stan has been working consistently for the past decade—in movies like Black Swan and last year's The Martian, and the TV shows Gossip Girl and Once Upon a Time—this summer they got a high-profile break with a vastly expanded role in the film Captain America: Civil War. As Bucky, Stan became a vital role to the latest chapter in the Marvel film series, starring alongside GQ Style cover Robert Downey Jr. and Anthony Mackie. And speaking of GQ Style, Stan tried on the season's slickest sunglasses for the debut issue. We caught up with the actor last week on one of those perfect NYC spring days, the kind that give them anxiety, and talked social media, their relationship with the fashion community, and their thoughts on Bucky and Captain America's rumored gay relationship. Read on for more.
GQ: Are you based in New York?
I am, I am. I'm seeing this beautiful weather right now. It's so pretty it's giving me anxiety.
Why?
Because I feel like I have to go live life, every day.
What do you do when it's nice out, to take advantage?
Oh, the usual. Just run six miles, read a novel, go out until three. Everything. [laughs] I'm joking. Probably like five minutes of each of those things.
Can you just run around the streets?
Yeah, it's New York. Nobody cares. I ran by the West Side Highway yesterday; it was fantastic.
Do you ever get double takes?
No, but today I did run into a fan on the street that I recognize from some of the conventions. Some of the fans are so loyal you end up seeing them again and again at different things. So I ran into them on the street, and you always think, Oh, hey. I thought I know you. But then you think…Is this really a coincidence? I never try to share my location, you know?
You mean on social media?
Yeah. Well, I was so against social media for such a long time, but now I can't live without it.
You're very active on Instagram.
It's part of the world that we're in now, it really is. I understand the way that it fits into my business, in all of our businesses. Like the other night at the CFDA Awards, where I went with Todd Snyder; it was a great opportunity. A) It was a fun night, and B) It's a great partnership. And then I feel like you have to connect with fans; individual connection is important. It never used to be that way. It used to be—I'm talking 30, 40 years ago—the fewer people knew about you, the better, the more different roles you could play. There's a pro and a con to the whole thing. What I find is that the individual connections you have with fans that transpire—once you get a great message or see some artwork, it's really humbling. I see it as a plus in that regard.
You have a strong theater background. Will you be doing more of that anytime soon?
I love it. I wish I could do more of it. With theater, it's about a more specific window. It comes down to availability. The commitment there is every night, eight shows a week, and I feel like it's even more important to connect with the material and to really like what you're doing, because you're doing the same thing every night. So you're looking for something like that, but that fits in a very specific window. It's not easy to find that, but I'm always looking for it. Theater is the most challenging thing to do, it's just you out there with no rope. You can't call time out, you're on a roller coaster.
You went to that famous theater camp, Stagedoor Manor, when you were younger. What was that experience like?
It was a magical, magical place. The time that I was there was a very particular time. First of all, there were no cell phones. The first thing they did when you get there is say you're not allowed to contact your parents, you're not allowed to contact your friends. There were no distractions. You were forced to embrace your environment. It breaks you out of your shell, and I ended up with some amazing friendships from there. I met my manager there, and we've been together for 17 years. It's a really special place. It was heartbreaking saying goodbye and going home. It was fucking real, man. This was before Glee! This was like, are you at the cool table or not? Or at the respected table. There are always hierarchies and stuff—it's just a product of those environments—but at Stagedoor, everyone was embraced.
What were you cast in?
I went two summers and was cast in musicals. I was Danny Zuko in Grease, and I was in the musical Sweet Charity and then in the musical On the Twentieth Century. They were great. I mean, singing isn't really my strong suit, but I just really enjoyed it.
You've been warmly embraced by the fashion community. Is this something you've always been interested in?
You know, it's important; everything goes hand in hand. How I understand it is this: For me, acting is the primary thing. When I work on a part, one of the things I love to do is to put together a collage of things, stuff I see or stuff that inspires me, images, whatever. I try to look at it from that standpoint. Sometimes, being involved with fashion, it can give ideas to different things. It's like a movie in itself. It's just a different way to think about it.
I was just at the Public School show a few days ago. I loved the whole thing, from the venue, the music, the theme, the overall feelings, the lighting—it was a whole performance. I've gotten an education on Fashion Week, and I can appreciate it a lot more now, when you see a designer really putting a show together. It is artistry, and these guys have a creative voice. Every detail counts; it's amazing.
In Captain America, you were looking really fit, too. How much of your work is about looking like a character, versus the internal life of a character?
I'm a firm believer that the outer life of a person really informs how you act. When it comes to characters, Jack Nicholson says let the wardrobe do the work. What you're wearing, you are presenting to the room. What you're wearing, how you're behaving, it tells people so much about who you are. The wardrobe informs the character so much. So in Civil War and the Marvel movies, growing my hair out—and, yes, I was not wearing a wig; I grew my hair out and added extensions to it—I love that. This movie I just finished filming in L.A., I bleached my hair blond and it changed the way I was dressing and how people were reacting to me. And to me, you've got to be in shape 24/7, unless a role requires you to gain some weight. Plus, I enjoy being athletic, and that makes me feel good.
So do you go to the gym? Or play sports?
Look, the weather is really nice in New York right now, so I try to get outside. I play basketball or take a jog outside. It's a typical New York mentality of trying to get outside and take advantage of the nice weather. Sometimes it's even nice to pop around to different gyms in the city, so you're not always doing the same thing. But I'm a firm believer of giving yourself 20 to 30 minutes of activity per day, even if you just go for a walk. It's going to make your day better.
But do you have a more specific regimen for a movie? Like what about Captain America?
Yeah, well, for this last one, I think I went a little overboard. I got up to 200 pounds, which I have never done in my entire life. I knew I was going to be surrounded by these fucking mammoth guys, left and right. It was for my own confidence. It was crazy, because suddenly you're this bigger dude, your clothes don't fit. The fitted jeans don't look so good anymore. And it takes a toll on your social life. Suddenly you have to eat a very specific amount of very specific foods. I can't just go off-the-cuff for a meal, I have to eat every two hours. I was literally eating in the middle of the night. Sleeping, getting up, peeing, going to the fridge, downing two chicken breasts, and going back to sleep.
It's not food, it's fuel.
Right. And you see your body transform, but also your energy level drops. Your body is always processing food. There's pros and cons, but you gain a respect for people who do this. It helped me feel like I fit into that world better.
What's next for you?
There's this movie I did called I'm Not Here, with J. K. Simmons, Michael Monroe, and Mandy Moore. The tagline is: A man strives for redemption when they meet a flawed and fearless woman. It takes place in the '80s, and it's a great script; it's a little bit different. Michelle Schumacher, J. K.'s wife, directed it, and it's a big passion project for them. I play a newly married father, and I had a young kid named Jeremy who's so talented playing my son. And I've always been a huge Jim Carrey fan, and comedy has been this not-so-secret passion for me. And he's producing this Showtime series called I'm Dying Up Here, about comics in the '70s, and I have a part in that as a stand-up comic.
Is that a comedy?
No. Listen, yes, it's funny, but it's really about the career beginnings of Jay Leno, David Letterman, Robin Williams, all those guys from the '70s. But it's dark, man, because as funny as those comedians were, there was a dark side. This show really captures that double-edged sword of fame that fueled the long, sleepless, drug-filled nights of that era.
Is there anything official with the next Captain America film?
There will be, I just don't know when. It's kind of like this weird mystery. It's fun and nerve-wracking. The best way to describe it is that you just get a phone call one day that's like, “You're going to report to set,” and off you go. We all get along really well, so it's really fun. My relationship with Anthony Mackie is one of the perks of my life, knowing that man. It's fun. It's very collaborative. Everyone knows what the goal is; we all want to make something that's great and different and that surprises fans. We all just assume our roles in the puzzle. There's no drama.
WATCH: A multiple car crash early Thursday morning on I-81 southbound forced crews to shut down all lanes on the highway.
TORONTO – Twenty-six people bound for New York City from Toronto were injured when their tour-bus collided with a wrecked car and a tractor-trailer near Syracuse Thursday morning.
The Pine Hill Trailways bus was travelling south on Interstate-81 shortly after 2:30 a.m. when the crash occured. Roughly 52 people were on board when the bus crashed into a wrecked car that had stop in the left lane, before hitting a tractor-trailer as well.
Robert Johnson, a passenger on board the bus, told a Syracuse television station they boarded the bus in Rochester and was awake at the time of the collision.
“All I heard was a boom and my head hit the seat; I mean mad noise, it was crazy,” Johnson said. “I never experienced that in my life and I'm still scared to death by it.”
The driver of the tractor-trailer had pulled over on the highway's shoulder to help the car's driver when the collision occurred.
Police say 26 people and the bus driver were injured. Police said most passengers suffered lower extremity, chest, back or facial injuries during the crash.
The bus driver suffered the most serious injuries and all the victims were transported to a local hospital for treatment.
The sheriff's department says the driver of the car has since been charged with driving while intoxicated.
Deputies said the bus left Toronto on Wednesday evening and was scheduled to arrive in New York City around 6:30 a.m. Thursday.
The Pine Hill Trailways bus was carrying 52 passengers and the uninjured were taken to a local bus station to continue their trip. The company operates daily trips between Ontario and New York City.
With files from the Associated Press
Save Removed 1
Nigeria is catching and intends to add substantial momentum to the growing off-grid, mobile pay-go solar energy wave sweeping across Sub-Saharan Africa and other parts of the world. Favorable renewable energy economics led Vice-President Yemi Asinbajo to announce the launch of a national Solar Home Systems (SHS) program on the outskirts of Abuja, the capital city, this week.
The SHS initiative, Asinbajo said as Acting President, will enable Nigerians to close the wide gap in energy access and provide citizens with safe, reliable, affordable and environmentally friendly electricity, according to a news report.
Nigeria's national solar homes initiative is being led by Niger Delta Power Holdings Plc in partnership with U.K.-based off-grid, mobile pay-go systems specialist Azuri Technologies.
Bridging the Energy-Economic Opportunity Divide
“The grid is just one transmission centre, if you like, but we cannot take all our power from the grid. And so, in the next few years, it will not be absolutely important for you to be connected to the grid because we will be deploying every type of off-grid solutions that we can deploy and we want to do that in the industrial areas,” Asinbajo was quoted as saying.
Apparently, Asinbajo and the Nigerian government view SHS as the launch pad for providing sustainable energy access across the entire country.
“We think that as solar power becomes cheaper, and it is becoming cheaper practically day by day, we will be able to afford to do even more and deploying more across the country, especially to places that are not served by the grid.”
The government and Nigeria's national SHS program partners aim to provide 20,000 homes with off-grid solar power systems over the next 12 months in the program's initial phase.
“We expect that this will be replicated all over Nigeria. We are starting with 20,000, but I am sure we will ramp up very quickly,” Asinbajo commented. “We have been talking to the private sector about involving themselves also on this project.”
NDPHC managing director Chiedu Ugbo noted that the SHS initiative was right in line with the company's mandate to close the nation's electricity access gap.
“There are many Nigerians (an estimated 70 million) without any connection to the grid who still rely on rudimentary lighting systems characterized mainly by use of kerosene lamps, candles and petrol generators with attendant health and safety risks and indeed financial challenges,” they were quoted.
“By the Solar Home System initiative being launched by Your Excellency today, NDPHC, will be actively involved in the process of bringing power to these rural communities, thereby stimulating social and economic activities in the rural communities located off the grid.”
Cheaper than Kerosene
Installing small off-grid solar PV-battery storage systems and pico-solar DC household products – chargers, LED lighting, radios and others – in Sub-Saharan Africa. Cambridge, U.K.-based Azuri Technologies is one of a growing roster of innovative mobile pay-go solar energy startups writing a new book on energy resource and socioeconomic development in Africa.
Launched in Nairobi in 2011, tens of thousands of Azuri's PayGo Energy systems and counting have been installed in 11 Sub-Saharan countries. Customers pay a small one-time installation fee, then purchase scratch cards or use an integrated mobile money service to top up their home solar energy units. Azuri has found that the system cuts customers weekly energy spending by as much as 50 percent.
Significantly, they start saving money, improve home safety and start reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and environmental degradation immediately.
“Whereas residents typically spend $2 per week on kerosene, they might pay $1 per week for the basic PayGo system. So for half the cost they get proper, clean lighting and the ability to charge mobile phones when they want right at home,” CEO and co-founder Simon Bransfield-Garth said in an interview.
Multiple Benefits
The benefits don't stop there. “As technology improves, we're looking to deliver more to consumers,” Bransfield-Garth continued. “The next thing is probably TV sets, but we're also looking at providing decent Internet access to rural residents. If you look at what it really takes to ‘level the playing field' for Africans, Internet access is a great leveler. It has huge educational benefits, as well as offering entertainment and improving quality of life.”
In Nigeria, NDPHC has already installed 200 off-grid, mobile pay-go home solar energy units in Wuna as part of an SHS pilot program.
Moving forward, communities in 19 northern Nigerian states are being targeted as SHS program partners work to achieve the SHS goal of installing 20,0000 off-grid home solar energy systems across the country in 12 months.
Ugbo highlighted the inclusive nature of the SHS program:
“NDPHC has adopted a community-based approach that will allow the rural low-income dwellers an opportunity to participate in this project,” they were quoted in the news report. “This approach allows a monthly payment for energy and also acquisition of the SHS unit after a certain period of time.”
In a recent, related development, Nigeria's Bank of Industry (BoI) launched a 1 billion nara (US$3.1 million) off-grid, pay-go solar energy fund as part of its Green Energy Project with the UN Development Program (UNDP).
The bank will lend and/or invest the fund's capital on favorable, concessionary terms to qualified businesses installing mobile pay-go and other forms of off-grid solar energy systems and services across the country, according to a news report.
Pinterest IFC Films/Everett Collection
Get your October scares on with movie about a very creepy Welsh house.
October is almost here, which means miniature candy bars, pumpkin spice on damn near everything, and—if you're like me—a month-long horror movie marathon. If you're also like me, you prefer your horror films atmospheric instead of gorey, uncanny instead of gross-out. More The Shining than Saw. If so, then you should grab a bowl of pumpkin spice popcorn, turn off the lights, and queue up A Dark Song, a gorgeous and disturbing 2016 Irish horror film that's streaming on Netflix.
A Dark Song is the directorial debut of Irish/Welsh director Liam Gavin, and takes place almost entirely inside one creepy Welsh house. It isn't your typical haunted house flick though. A grieving woman, Sophia (Catherine Walker), recruits an abrasive occultist, Joseph Solomon (Steve Oram), to conduct a grueling ritual that will allegedly let them contact their guardian angel. At first, Sophia says they want the angel to grant them a love spell, and Solomon tells them to fuck off: “Just go on a fucking dating website or something.” The ritual they are going to perform is a months-long, psychologically-grueling plunge into dark magic. This isn't a spell you read off of a piece of paper. It's a brutal ordeal. Sophia convinces them that what they really wants is to contact their dead child, a boy who was murdered by teeangers in another cult ritual. That's more worthy of the mystic forces, and so they seal themselves off in the house and begin the Abramelin ritual.
For the first half of the film, it's hard to know if Solomon is the real deal or just an abusive scam artist. They declare Sophia has to do all the cooking and cleaning, has to do everything they say, including ritual sex (“You, uh, ready for all that darlin'?”) as they hurl insults at them constantly like an occult drill sergeant. “Is it going to be horrible?” Sophia asks at the start, when they make them eat a toadstool. “Yep.” What follows is a claustrophobic and unsettling series of rituals and magical symbols. Almost every mystic element is thrown in: carved circles, chalk triangles, glasses of blood, a black bird, water, stones, candles. At the same time, the film itself avoids many horror movie cliches. The ritual sex ends up a brief, sad moment. There is remarkably little blood. Jump scares are scarce. Instead, A Dark Song disorients and disturbs the viewer, mirroring Sophia's journey, as it builds to it's psychedelic and phantasmagoric finale.
After an unknown number of weeks and countless indignities, nothing provably supernatural has happened. Sophia attacks Solomon, accidentally impaling them with a large knife. This blood seems to get the magic working though, even as Solomon slowly grows ill and finally dies. Sophia flees, only to find she's unable to, being brought backfilled with new creatures. It's a pulse-pounding yet beautiful final twenty minutes. I won't spoil the ending, but only say that it ends in a most un-horror of ways: a moment of grace.
Watch Now:
Advertisement
Architects in Kazakhstan have come up with an genius way of taking advantage of the country's freezing winters by revealing plans to create a stunning new apartment block which has its very own ski slope.
Winter sports lovers faced with having to drive hours to get to the nearest ski slope will now be able to glide down the slope from the top floor to the bottom at this new city housing complex.
A group of architects came up with the idea for the House Slalom project in the capital city of Astana, in Kazakhstan, which has now been presented to the public and the 21 storey building is already becoming the talk of the city.
Scroll down for video:
Fabulous feature: Winter sports lovers faced with having to drive hours to get to the nearest ski slope will now be able to glide down the slope from the top floor to the bottom at this new housing complex
Forward thinking: The genius concept has already been shown to the public and has been causing considerable excitement in Astana
Winter temperatures in the city often fall to around minus 20 degrees Celsius with cold conditions lasting from November right through to April.
Keen to take advantage of the cold weather and the Kazakh love for the outdoors, the architects devised a slope which will snake round the side of a building, giving skiiers plenty of decent bends and chances to show off their skills.
One of the team that worked on the project, Vladimir Ku, said that with such a long period of winter conditions, it was a tragedy that there was not the opportunity to do winter sports with no suitable slopes in the area, which was the motivation behind the new project by architect Shohan Mataybekov.
'It would be an instant hit for all the ski and snowboard lovers of Almaty,' Mr Ku said.
The total length of the slalom course would be 326 meters (1069.5 feet) and the width will stretch to 27 meters (88.6 feet) with a video impression showing how the building could become one of the standout features in the city.
City Council officials now need to approve the project which would see the first floor devoted to shops and the upper floor to private housing accommodation.
They added that the project was the first of its kind anywhere in the world and would be the first slalom course in a busy city centre.
Using the synthetic snow material Snowflex during the summer months, the impressive runway will be used all year-round for general snow sports.
Great idea: Keen to take advantage of the cold weather and the Kazakh love for the outdoors, the architects devised a slope which will snake round the side of a building, giving skiiers plenty of decent bends and chances to show off their skills
Excellent concept: The proposed project was devised by a group of architects, led by Shokhan Mataibekov, who were inspired by Kazakhstan's exceedingly long, cold winter
Impressive: The total length of the slalom course would be 326 meters (1069.5 feet) and the width will stretch to 27 meters (88.6 feet)
Looking good: The new housing complex in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, is likely to pull in a wide variety of people keen to have a go at skiing as the city has no other public slopes
Waiting game: City Council officials now need to approve the project which would see the first floor devoted to shops and the upper floor to private housing accommodation
Genius Plan: The building will be the only ski slope in the city, allowing residents to take advantage of Kazakhstan's cold winters
When news about the hottest beer in the world,
, went national, the staff at Boulder's
Continue Reading
was a little nervous. After all, they'd named the beer, which is made with ghost peppers, after rapper Ghostface Killah from the Wu-Tang Clan without asking for their permission.
But this week, Wu-Tang's manager called Twisted Pine founder Bob Baile and signed off on it. Their only request: a couple of cases sent to New York.
"They are completely ecstatic. They thought it was the coolest thing in the world," says brewery spokesperson Jody Valenta. "They weren't worried about trademarks or anything, which is what we were hoping, but not necessarily what we expected."
Valenta thinks Wu Tang -- and Ghostface Killah themselves -- probably found out about the beer from Rolling Stone magazine, or maybe from the L.A. Times, or maybe from any number of other hip hop magazines that ran little stories about it.
"It's been a lot of fun," Valenta says about the national attention.
But now people are calling and e-mailing from all over the country asking for it. Sadly for them, Twisted Pine only made 100 cases of Ghost Face Killah (or roughly 7.5 barrels) and it will only be sold in single, twelve-ounce bottles in liquor stores in Colorado.
"For most people, a four-pack or a six-pack of Ghost Face Killah is too much," Valenta says; ghost peppers, also known as bhut joloklia, are 200 times hotter than jalapenos. "Most people will probably open a single bottle and share it between friends."
Twisted Pine will begin pouring the beer in five-ounce glasses at its tap room on Cinco de Mayo -- and serving it with a queso dip made from the beer -- but won't be putting it on tap. "It's so hot, you can't even put it on tap. It will destroy your tap line," Valenta says, adding that the brewery had to replace its tap line after serving the beer on tap last year.
That was how I tried it last year, when I made this video of my tasting and wrote:
"The heat starts on the insides of your cheeks and on your tongue in the same way that eating a popper or a bowl of green chile might. But then, the smoky warmth of the peppers travels down in the back of your throat, where it simmers. Take another sip, and your lips start to burn, like you're wearing pepper Chapstick. That was the flame that took the longest to extinguish."
Right now, the brewers are toying with the idea of making a second batch (it takes about two weeks to produce). If they do, they're likely to repeat their Ghost Face Brewing ritual. "Everyone has to try a tiny piece of the pepper before we brew...and we listen to Wu-Tang while we're brewing and in the tap room," Valenta says.
And before this, we only knew that Ghostface wasn't a Budweiser fan (listen to the intro.)
Follow Westword's Beer Man on Twitter at @ColoBeerMan.
As electrons move past atoms in a solid, their charge distorts the nearby lattice and can create a wave. Reciprocally, a wave in the lattice affects the electrons motion, in analogy to a wave in the sea that pushes a surfer riding it. This interaction results in a thermoelectric effect that was first observed during the 1950´s and has come to be known as phonon-drag, because it can be quantified from the flow of lattice-wave quanta (phonons) that occurs over the temperature gradient.
Soon after the discovery of the phonon drag, an analogous phenomenon was predicted to appear in magnetic materials: the so called magnon drag. In a magnetic material the intrinsic magnetic moment or spin of the electrons arrange in an organized fashion. In ferromagnets, the spins maintain a parallel orientation. If a distortion in the preferred spin orientation occurs, a spin wave is created that could affect electron motion. It is therefore reasonable to expect that the flow of magnons (spin-wave quanta) could also drag the electrons.
Despite the similarities with phonon drag, the observation of the magnon drag has been elusive, and only a few indirect indications of its existence have been reported over the years. The main reason being the presence of other thermoelectric effects, most notably the phonon drag, that make it difficult to discriminate its contribution to the thermopower.
Researchers of ICN´s Physics and Engineering of Nanodevices Group, Marius V. Costache, Germán Bridoux, Ingmar Neumann and group leader ICREA Prof. Sergio O. Valenzuela used a unique device geometry to discriminate the magnon drag from other thermoelectric effects. The device resembles a thermopile formed by a large number of pairs of ferromagnetic wires placed between a hot and a cold source and connected thermally in parallel and electrically in series. By controlling the relative orientation of the magnetization in pairs of wires, the magnon drag can be studied independently of the electron and phonon drag thermoelectric effects.
The work is very timely as thermoelectric effects in spin-electronics (spintronics) are gathering increasing attention as a means of managing heat in nanoscale structures and of controlling spin information by using heat flow. Measurements as a function of temperature reveal the effect on magnon drag following a variation of magnon and phonon populations. This information is crucial to understand the physics of thermal spin transport. It both provides invaluable opportunities to gather knowledge about electron-magnon interactions and may be beneficial for energy conversion applications and for the search of novel pathways towards transporting spin information.
###
- A community came together Saturday to support one of their own.
Blackwell Elementary School hosted a fundraiser for Jennifer Lane.  They are the Kennesaw woman who was walking in the snow with their family when a tree limb hit them on the head and back. The mother of three is now paralyzed from the waist down.
Students, faculty, friends, and even strangers gathered together to raise money and eat donuts in support of Lane.
RELATED: Kennesaw woman seriously injured by falling tree in snow
“We wanted to rally around family and help them with medical expenses and show them that we care about them,” said Karen Wacker, Assistant Principal at Blackwell Elementary School.
Students, faculty, the community, even Santa gathered Saturday at Blackwell Elementary School to sell donuts and raise money for the mom of three.
“Just bring a little smile to family in wake of all tragedy they're going through right now,” said Wacker.
Last Saturday, Lane was walking with their family in their Kennesaw neighborhood, enjoying the freshly fallen snow, when they were struck by the tree limb.
“Could have been me. Could have been next door neighbor. I think that's why it touches people because it could have been anyone of us,” said Wacker.
Wacker said all of the proceeds will be donated to Lane's family.
“Every last penny will go to Jenny's family,” said Wacker.
Anyone who would like to help can donate to their GoFundMe account: https://www.gofundme.com/loveforjenlane
568 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
HTC could be showing off its standalone VR headset at the company's November 14th Vive Developer Conference (VDC) in Beijing. As reported by YiVian, the conference has recently published promotional material featuring a veiled image of the company's upcoming headset. To wit, HTC says it will have ‘some important announcements' to make.
First teased at Google I/O 2017 developer conference, both HTC and Lenovo announced they were building standalone VR headsets featuring inside-out positional tracking for the Daydream platform—or in HTC's case, the Viveport platform in China.
YiVian, an English-language publication that covers China's tech industry, has recently come across a promotional flier for VDC 2017 which positions the shrouded Vive standalone in an unhatched egg – to be revealed at the conference in Beijing at the Crowne Plaza Beijing Sun Palace on November 14th.
While it's no means a final nail in the coffin, the official promotional flier says (in English) “a new revolutionary immersive experience is here. Stay focused on the next wave of innovations in VR.”
Digging into trademark registrations, YiVian also found that HTC has recently registered the name “Vive M” in China, possibly meaning ‘Vive Mobile'—a move that would position the new standalone as somewhat of a little brother to the tethered PC VR Vive headset. Both ‘Vive Focus' and ‘Vive Eclipse' have been registered in the West however, making it less clear what name the headset will take and where.
The crucial difference between current mobile headsets like Gear VR or Daydream View is the inclusion of positional tracking thanks to the headsets' inside-out tracking capabilities. Built with help from Google, both HTC and Lenovo's headsets are based off Qualcomm's ‘VRDK' reference device and built on the Snapdragon 835.
HTC and Lenovo standalone headsets are shown alongside what appears to be a standard Bluetooth 3DoF Daydream controller as well. Both companies are staying mum on any other specifics, although Google said to expect them some time in 2017.
We won't be attending VDC, but if on the off-chance you're in the Beijing area, you can sign up for VDC here. We'll be following along, so check back soon.
Bill O'Reilly accidentally stumbled over the truth Tuesday morning, in a candid tweet that proves the former Fox News anchor's cognitive dissonance.
It just seems that anything President Trump says can & will be used to diminish them in the court of public opinion. — Bill O'Reilly (@billoreilly) October 17, 2017
The intent of the tweet, presumably, was to defend President Donald Trump. Yet the fired Fox News host tried to undermine former President Barack Obama on a nightly basis.
Advertisement:
Over the past eight years, O'Reilly slammed Obama for not "significantly improving" the economy, even though the president salvaged it from an an economic recession. They derided the Affordable Care Act as an "economic disaster," even though the legislation improved the health care of millions and offered a better alternative to whatever Republicans were advocating at the time.
O'Reilly, in short, was Obama's foil throughout their two terms in office. They audaciously used an interview with Obama before a Super Bowl game to berate the former president's mishaps. They mocked and ridiculed Obama's genuine accomplishes as if a Republican president would have done better.
But there's another reason that O'Reilly's tweet was so absurd. The media is not manipulating Trump's words to damage them — or diminish them in the court of public opinion. Trump themselves is doing the best job at undermining Trump.
The politically incorrect president often gets themselves into trouble for offensive remarks about everyone. They lie like no other politician before him. And they draw ire for comparing themselves to former President Barack Obama in blatant attempts to knock their predecessor.
Trump says the worst thing possible at any occasion, such as their comments on recovery efforts in Puerto Rico.
Now that a Republican president is in office, O'Reilly gets to witness firsthand — again — how difficult it is to run a country. And they somehow want and expects the media to go easier on Trump.
The Whanganui River, in a photo taken on October 9, 2008. (Photo: Felix Engelhardt; Edited: LW / TO)
Whether you read Truthout daily, weekly or even once a month, now's the perfect time to show that you value real journalism. Make a donation to Truthout by clicking here!
Winding its way through dense forest laced with hidden waterfalls, the Whanganui River is the largest navigable river in Aotearoa, the Māori word for New Zealand. With the passage of the Te Awa Tupua (Whanganui River Claims Settlement) Bill in March, the river became the first water system in the world to be recognized as a rights-bearing entity, holding legal “personhood” status. One implication of the agreement is that the Whanganui River is no longer property of New Zealand's Crown government — the river now owns itself.
Five days after the Te Awa Tupua Bill, the High Court of Uttarakhand at Naintal, in northern India, issued a ruling declaring that both the Ganga and Yumana rivers are also “legal persons/living persons.” But what does it mean for a river, or an ecosystem to hold rights? The answer may vary from place to place.
The growing global movement for Rights of Nature — or the Rights of Mother Earth as some cultures prefer — seeks to define legal rights for ecosystems to exist, flourish, and regenerate their natural capacities. These laws challenge the status of nature as mere property to be owned and dominated by humans, and provide a legal framework for an ethical and spiritual relationship to the Earth. While recognizing legal rights of nature doesn't stop development wholesale, it can stop the kind of development that interferes with the existence and vitality of ecosystems. In the last decade, four countries and dozens of US communities have passed laws recognizing “legal standing” for ecosystems.
In many cases, legal recognition for the rights of ecosystems reinforces long-held cultural and spiritual beliefs. For the Māori of Aotearoa, like many Indigenous cultures worldwide, there is no separation between humans and everything else. When the Europeans first arrived in the seventeenth century, there was no word for property in the Māori language. Their relationship with the Earth was one of care and responsibility. “Māori cosmology understands we are part of the universe,” said Gerrard Albert, lead negotiator for the Whanganui River iwi (tribe). “The mountains and rivers are our ancestors. Our cultural identity as a people is inseparable from the river — it is more than water and sand, it is a living spiritual being.”
Indeed, the Whanganui iwi are known as the River People, who often say, “Ko au te awa. Ko te awa ko au” translated as “I am the river. The river is me.”
Their struggle to protect the river began 150 years ago, when the New Zealand Crown government first began to break treaty promises, violate cultural practices, dam, pollute, and otherwise degrade the river. “Beginning in the 1870s, our iwi began to petition the Crown government over our concerns for the river,” Sheena Maru, iwi project manager for Whanganui River Trust, the governance group for the Whanganui River Treaty Settlement, said. “Determining who owned the bed of the river became the longest running court case in Crown history. In the end, what we were fighting for was Te Awa Tupua, the living spiritual indivisible whole of the river that includes the iwi, all people, and life from the mountain to the sea.”
In Aotearoa, the Whanganui River is not the first ecosystem to be recognized in this way. In 2014 the Tūhoe iwi negotiated with the Crown Government to pass the Te Urewera Act, which effectively recognized the “personhood” for Te Urewera, a forested region and former a national park in the heart of Tūhoe traditional territory.
Like the Whanganui iwi, what the Tūhoe wanted was to be truly reconnected with the land that is the very source of their cultural identity. Tamati Kruger, chief negotiator of the Tūhoe's groundbreaking Te Urewera settlement said, “When negotiations began, the Crown had no intention of giving away title to the park. They thought it would be enough to offer us some money and a few seats on the park board.” Knowing the Crown would not cede ownership to the Tūhoe, Tamati's team suggested that nobody retain ownership of the park land — rather, the land would own itself. This change shifted more than just governance of the former national park — it was also seen as a step toward sovereignty for the Tuhoe people whose identity is inseparable from the land.
The Whanganui River and Te Urewera settlements, two truly revolutionary agreements between the Māori and the Crown government, recognize mountains, national parks, and watersheds can be better protected by prioritizing human responsibilities to the whole than they can through regulations that seek to dismantle and segregate fisheries from the riverbeds, for example. Under both settlements, future decisions about projects and development in the areas will be made by a council of two appointees — one Crown and one Māori. “Those appointed to act on [the Whanganui River's] behalf will have legal obligation to uphold and protect the river's values and health and wellbeing,” Gerard Albert told the media at a press conference following the passage of the Te Awa Tupia Bill.
These settlements also include a formal apology from the New Zealand Crown government for historic crimes against the iwi and the ecosystems, and a large redress fund to facilitate new management of the Te Urewera mountain range and the Whanganui River. They also include funds for community education and cultural revitalization that benefit both the pakeha (European New Zealander) and iwi populations.
“The Settlement is for the entire community, this is still an idea to be grasped,” explained Hayden Turoa, Te Mana o Te Awa program manager for the Whanganui River Trust Board. “Anybody can apply for funds [through the settlement]. It is about breaking down barriers and bringing the rest of the community into this spiritual understanding.” Along the Whanganui, there are already plans for these funds, including educating and bringing pakeha residents into the Maori worldview in a way that allows everyone to be spiritually and holistically connected to the river, and to learn new ways to care for the ecosystem.
From their office overlooking the port city of Wellington, Paul Beverley, a partner at the law firm of Buddle Findlay and a member of the core Crown negotiation team for both the Te Urewera and Te Awa Tupua bills, explained that the Crown was eager not only to pass the agreements, but also to take the next steps for implementation. “The Crown is committed to working alongside Whanganui iwi to ensure the success of this settlement for Te Awa Tupua and for all — not just the Maori.”
Asked whether the pakeha populations, local government, or the Crown were nervous about the implications of ceding property claims, Beverley said, “What has been put in place is a very forward looking framework. I think we're going to see a springboard for this type of thing. People are already taking next steps voluntarily.”
The Maori and the Crown see these new protections as good for business, and ultimately good for the economy. “This legislation recognizes the deep spiritual connection between the Whanganui iwi and its ancestral river and creates a strong platform for the future of the Whanganui River,” Beverley said.
Recognizing the rights of the Whanganui River means that no matter who the actor, corporation, or individual, the law now sees a harm to the river the same way as it would a harm to the tribe or a person. As Cabot Davis, legal director for the nonprofit Movement Rights, added: “It's not about being anti-business. The thing that is beautiful about it is just how differently decisions will now be made. Conflicts among people who want to ‘use' the water or land will now have to take everyone else's needs into account — first and foremost are the needs of the [river] system. Commerce and nature can coexist in a healthy way.”
Half a world away in India, it's not yet clear what legal personhood means for the Ganges and Yumana rivers, but activists think additional protections will ultimately be necessary. The country struggles with high levels of water pollution flowing freely from homes and industry, though water in India is considered sacred. Nowhere more so than the Ganges river, or the Ganga, which provides about 40 percent of India's water, though the entire watershed is breaking down under the intense strains of use and abuse.
The widespread Save Ganga movement in India follows the Gandhian model for peaceful change. A powerful component of that broad coalition is the National Ganga Rights Movement, founded by the Pujya Swami Chidanand Saraswatiji, who opined, “We breathe the same air that our ancestors did, drink the same water, and are connected to one another by the web of life.” Four years ago, the movement began working with the US-based Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund (CELDF), toward passage of a national Ganges Rights Act, currently under consideration by the Modi administration. This act would provide further protections for the river.
“The High Court's ruling declaring legal personhood for the Ganges is a critical step forward,” Mari Margil, head of CELDF's International Center for the Rights of Nature, said. “As the court said, national legislation which would recognize fundamental rights of the Ganges and the people of India to a healthy, thriving river ecosystem is ultimately necessary.”
Treating ecosystems as property has brought humanity to the brink of climate and ecological collapse at break-neck speed. By contrast, rights-based laws recognize planetary limits and seek to transform human laws to conform with Natural Law. Beyond law, this movement seeks a culture shift away from the mindset that modern Earth is merely a resource available for reckless human use, toward the understanding that the Earth is a living entity governing all life upon it, with inherent rights that can, and should, be protected.
Germany's Bundesbank asked thousands of households in-depth questions about their financial situations – including their income, property, outgoings and how likely it would be for them to lose their jobs.
The results differed wildly from those in other countries, whose state banks also took part in the EU-wide survey. The French, for example, seemed to have three times more money in assets than the Germans, the Süddeutsche Zeitung reported on Friday.
Average assets of a German household were - in 2010 when the study was carried out - around €220,200 without subtracting debt and €195,000 if debt was taken into account. Still, statisticians said this figure was unrepresentative of the country's wealth.
In fact, a better indication was to take the median, or middle of the range figure. This was much lower, standing at just €67,900 per household before debts and €51,400 with debts taken into account.
The fact that this number is so low compared to the average figure suggests that a small number of Germans have large assets, said the paper.
In France, the median was double that of Germany's, standing at €113,500. Spain's was €178,300 and Italy's €163,900. Austria's, however, was only slightly higher than Germany's at €76,400.
When Germany's figures were broken down, disparities started to appear, namely between those who owned their home and those who did not, as well as between the east and west of the country.
In the west, the median after taking debt into consideration was €78,000 while in the east it was a fraction of this at just €21,400.
Among those who owned their house, the figure was entirely different. Germans who owned property and had paid off the mortgage had median assets of €255,600. Those who were still paying off their mortgage had €160,200 per household.
Renters, the numbers of which are high in Germany, had median assets of just €10,300.
The study was carried out across Europe between September 2010 and July 2011 in order for the European Central Bank to be able to make decisions with a better insight into how much money its ward had.
In Germany, the Bundesbank asked 3,565 households.
The Local/jcw
According to a paper from the International Drug Policy Consortium (IDPC), Kratom's opiate-like impact on the human body comes with several potential side effects that include nausea, confusion, constipation and hallucinations. Higher doses of the drug are associated with more severe side effects, but some patients report no side effects. Kratom is often used to fight pain, and it has also been used to manage opiate addiction.
Advertisement
The Tampa Bay Times reports that kratom distributor James Morrissette sees many customers who use the drug to manage their fibromyalgia. Customers also believe kratom helps their insomnia and chronic pain. However, Florida is one of several states that wants to ban the drug. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) labels kratom as a “drug and chemical of concern,” but it is not a federally controlled substance. It is available in pills and powders, and some distributors sell it in teas.
Kratom is banned in Thailand, Malaysia, Australia and Burma. In the United States, kratom is banned in Tennessee, Indiana, Wisconsin, Vermont, and Florida wants to join the list. Some patients who rely on the treatment for pain management claim they will move to another area that has not banned the drug. A study from researchers in Malaysia and Germany found that ongoing use of kratom can lead to withdrawal symptoms if patients try to stop taking the drug. Researchers also believe it is possible to build a tolerance to the drug.
Read more about fibromyalgia:
Memantine drug shows promise for fibromyalgia
Fibromyalgia study focuses on brain stimulation to fight pain
Whenever a newspaper publishes an opinion piece lauding the great work being done by Answers in Genesis, you have to raise an eyebrow and wonder what's going on…
In this case it's rather easy. You might have predicted it the moment Ken Ham wrote “Thanks to @Enquirer (Cincinnati Enquirer) for publishing opinion piece re impact of @ArkEncounter on tourism.”
Thanks to @Enquirer (Cincinnati Enquirer) for publishing opinion piece re impact of @ArkEncounter on tourism https://t.co/nGrEgCA70V — Ken Ham (@aigkenham) July 3, 2017
Who would say such a thing?
Ham, of course. They wrote the article. And it includes all the deflections of responsibility that we've come to expect from him.
For example, Ham predicts attendance at Ark Encounter will grow in its second year. But only on one condition…
As both the Ark and museum add phases, the economic impact will only get larger. For 2017–2018, Answers in Genesis (owner of both attractions) confidently predicts that the Ark will have even greater attendance than our excellent first year — provided, that is, we see more entrepreneurs building additional hotels to accommodate our visitors.
A few weeks ago, they were blaming atheists for the economic failures in the community. Now he's blaming people who aren't building enough hotels in the area.
By doing so, they create a new scapegoat. If and when Ark Encounter fails, he'll just pin it on the entrepreneurs, not anything they did (or didn't do) personally.
Not that we should worry about attendance, says Ham. They're doing just fine. And they're beating the expectations!
Interestingly, a state-commissioned study predicted that if the Ark Encounter were a themed attraction featuring our creationist beliefs (and it does), it would draw 325,000 visitors the first year. The Ark reached that figure in less than three months.
He's telling a half-truth here. It's true that a state-commissioned study from 2014 — two years before the Ark even opened — predicted Ark Encounter would have 325,000 visitors in its first year. That was a conservative estimate based on other, similar attractions (which don't really exist). Ham has presumably beaten that mark.
What Ham isn't telling you is how their own estimates for Ark attendance have reached as high as 2 million people in the first year.
While the state had to offer a conservative estimate — and develop a sort of worst-case scenario — to see whether the Ark would qualify for tourism incentives, Ham has consistently provided overestimates. But they only offers one of those numbers for the sake of comparison in their article.
What about the hotels? Ham writes:
While tourism-related businesses are thriving in Grant County, especially in the city of Dry Ridge, more tourist facilities are desperately needed to handle the Ark crowds. The lack of hotel rooms limits us to 7,500 to 8,000 guests visiting the Ark in a day. Tour operators, hotel owners, restaurant managers, and tourism officials have acknowledged the remarkable increase in business region-wide, and they give a nod to the Ark and Creation Museum. Williamstown, where the Ark is located, doesn't have the tourist-related services that Dry Ridge has, so it needs more businesses like hotels and restaurants if it hopes to experience the growth that Dry Ridge is now enjoying.
The claim that a lack of hotel rooms is capping maximum attendance just doesn't make a lot of sense, in part because Ham assumes without evidence that more people would visit the Ark from out of town if those hotels existed. Can they not find people to visit the Ark from a few hours away? Not everyone needs to make a weekend trip of it.
Ham also creates another scapegoat in the city of Williamstown. They're not doing enough to help us, they claim.
Maybe part of the reason for that is because Ark Encounter won't hire employees from the region unless they share Answers in Genesis' fundamentalist Christian beliefs, negotiated a ridiculously low 30-year rate on property taxes (which means money isn't being recycled back into the community), takes money from employees' paychecks to help repay their loans, and refuses to pay their fair share of a local “safety fee” that would help with upgrades to the city's emergency response equipment (which would help make it even more of a tourist destination).
Ham wants to blame Williamstown for the city's economic failures, but their $100 million boat isn't giving the community the resources it needs to take advantage of it.
Ustaša, also spelled Ustasha, plural Ustaše, Croatian fascist movement that nominally ruled the Independent State of Croatia during World War II. In 1929, when King Alexander I tried to suppress the conflict between Croatian and Serbian political parties by imposing a personal dictatorial regime in Yugoslavia, Ante Pavelić, a former delegate to Parliament and an advocate of Croatian separatism, fled to Italy and formed the Ustaša (“Insurgence”) movement. Dedicated to achieving Croatian independence from Yugoslavia, the ustaše modeled themselves on the Italian Fascists and founded terrorist training centres in Italy and Hungary. To foment political crises in Yugoslavia, the Ustaša's members attempted to incite a peasant rebellion in northern Dalmatia in 1932 and participated in the assassination of King Alexander in 1934 at Marseille.
The Ustaša achieved its goal after the Axis powers invaded and partitioned Yugoslavia in April 1941. Pavelić then returned to Croatia and, under the sponsorship of the Italians, formed the government of a Croatian state that had been expanded to include some of Serbia and all of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Ustaša also conscripted an army to join the Axis powers and to fight the resistance movements that were beginning to operate in the Yugoslav lands. To make their state more purely Croatian, the ustaše set about exterminating its Serb, Jewish, and Gypsy inhabitants with a brutality that shocked even the Germans and occasionally obliged the Italians to intervene. Although many Yugoslavs reacted to their brutality by joining the resistance movements, the Ustaša remained in control of Croatia until May 1945, when the German army protecting them collapsed and Pavelić and their supporters fled before the communist Partisans.
On January 17, 1803, George Foster sat in a grim cell of Newgate Prison, in London, awaiting execution. Having been arrested, indicted, and found guilty of murdering their wife and child, gallows had been erected, from which they would hang. January 17th dawned bitterly cold, much like that frigid morning when the bodies of the two Foster women had been found.
Foster had argued their innocence: they had been traveling to visit their other children at the time of the deaths. True, they had wanted out of their marriage, but not by killing their wife and their child. They had been relatively drunk that evening, but that didn't necessarily lead to murder. Those who spoke on their behalf agreed: they were a decent man, good in their soul but otherwise poor. They worked hard to care for their children and wife.
Despite those who spoke on their account, the juries were not convinced: George Foster would hang, and worst still, their body would be anatomized. Dissection had been added to the Murder Act of 1752 to inflict "further terror and a peculiar mark of infamy." So distasteful a procedure, it was believed that the mere notion of it would deter criminals from committing illegal acts.
English laws only allotted a few bodies for dissections, so arguments erupted from the medical schools eager to perform experiments. These ordeals were not pretty: oftentimes the bodies were skinned, eviscerated, and cut to pieces, what remained either burned or disposed of like refuse.
For many who awaited the procedures, the fear was palpable. All over London, stories of people who'd awaken while a dissection was being performed were heard. These people were then taken to the gallows for a renewed hanging, then properly dissected. And for those who believed in an afterlife the implications were even greater. If the dead physically arose from their graves on the Day of Judgment to meet the Lord, then, how was a hanged and dissected man supposed to do that with their remains scattered who-knows-where?
George Foster approached their final hours with trepidation, even though there were those outside their cell who looked toward their death with glee.
The body of George Foster was going to an Italian, Giovanni Aldini, who had approached the college members with a claim almost as big as their ego: if they would find them a perfect corpse, they would bring it back to life.
Though Aldini knew that their proposal seemed farfetched to some, it had not come about without assiduous study and experimentation. Hailing from Bologna, which boasted one of the greatest universities in the world, The University of Bologna, they were the nephew of the doctor and scientist, Luigi Galvani. It was Galvani's experiments into animal electricity that had sparked Aldini's interests in the field.
For more than a decade, Luigi Galvani had studied the properties imbued in dead frogs. They had become aware that when the amphibians' legs were touched by an electrical arc, they twitched, clearly indicating that a vital fluid circulated through all living creatures, running from head to toe, and this could be manipulated with an outside metal apparatus. If this happened, vitality could be restored.
Inevitably, upon Galvani's death Aldini took their uncle's ideas a step further: didn't it stand to reason that sheep, pigs, cows and oxen would react to the electrical arc in the same fashion as frogs? Crowds flocked to their laboratory to watch as animals' heads convulsed from side to side, eyeballs rolled back and forth within their sockets, tongues protruded ghastly, feces dripped from the anuses. The experiments became notorious, fashionable even.
But for a man like Aldini, there was only so much satisfaction in dead animals. Soon they began to stand in the cold shadows of Piazza Maggiore, awaiting a criminal's final date with the executioner. Then, they would lug the body beneath one of Bologna's many peach-colored porticoes to their laboratory, and there fire up their battery. They faced only one issue: Bologna beheaded its criminals, thus, despite their battery, it was impossible to restore life to a body drained of blood and missing its head.
But George Foster was intact. Unlike Italy, England hung its criminals, though the law required the body to dangle for an hour. When the body finally arrived at the Royal College of Surgeons, the officials surrounded it as Aldini attached probes and electrodes to arms and legs, chest and forehead.
Aldini powered the machine and began work on Foster. Right away "the jaw began to quiver, the adjoining muscles were horribly contorted and the left eye opened." For those in attendance, the movements on Foster's body must have seemed like an indication of its returning to life. Aldini continued their ministrations, hours passing, at a certain point Foster seeming to inhale sharply. But eventually the battery ran out and the body stilled. Silence reigned for a few minutes until all recognized the outcome of the ordeal: Foster had died at the gallows, and dead they remained.
The experiments on George Foster's body became well-known throughout London. Giovanni Aldini returned to Italy, blaming the battery for their failure. The doctors who had witnessed the experiments disbanded and on their own discussed them with family, friends, and acquaintances.
One member of the party believed to have witnessed George Foster's galvanization was the medic, Anthony Carlisle. For Carlisle, as for others at the time, reanimation was a fashionable topic of conversation in salons and informal get-togethers, particularly those they attended on Sundays at the home of their friend, William Godwin. These Sunday events were often attended by poets, writers, doctors, scientists, and all around natural philosophers, and had become an intellectually stimulating environment in which to discuss subjects of interests to all.
The house was a busy one. Aside from Godwin, there was their wife, the second Mrs. Godwin, Jane Clairmont; Godwin's daughter, Mary, born with their deceased wife, Mary Wollstonecraft; their adopted daughter, Fanny Imlay; and Jane Clairmont's two children, Jane and Charles. Mrs. Godwin ran a strict household, ushering the children upstairs when the Sunday soirées took place, as they're fearing the men's conversations would be inappropriate for the youngsters. Not surprisingly, the children often hid behind sofas or sat on steps, listening to the stories the men told.
George Foster's story made the rounds in London and the suburbs in 1803, as it did in every household, and Carlisle must have spoken of what they had been privy to, to friends and those in their circle. They must have described Foster's cheeks and jaw twitching and convulsing; they must have told of the arm that had lifted slowly and then slammed back onto the table; they certainly must have described the moment when Foster's eye had opened, as if gazing at all that was occurring. The sparks that flew from Aldini's electrical apparatus, the crackling sounds the machine made, Aldini's excitement upon beginning their experiment, and the depletion of it in realizing their failure. Did Carlisle mention the morality or immorality of the acts they were performing and witnessing? The idea of overriding nature in the pursuit of scientific knowledge?
There is no indication that Carlisle, or anyone else, ever asked those questions, nor that Aldini ever thought of the consequences of their actions. But someone else did. Some years later, the little girl that lived in the Godwin's household, Mary, took off where Aldini left off and completed their mission, albeit in fiction. Mary Godwin Shelley's fantastically mad and flawed character, Victor Frankenstein, bears a striking similarity to Giovanni Aldini: both are scientists bent down a path of forbidden knowledge; both have a streak of showmanship about them; both, they say, begin their ordeals with benign intentions only to be overcome by boastful pride. Both try to restore the dead. One difference separates the two men: in Mary Shelley's account, the dead return, and Victor Frankenstein fatally pays for their actions.
It's been an offseason of change for the Buffalo Sabres. The hope is that it translates to some long-awaited success.
After the NHL Draft, free agency and other offseason moves, NHL.com is taking a look at where each team stands. Today, the Buffalo Sabres:
Jason Botterill was hired as general manager May 11, one month and two days after the Sabres completed their sixth straight season without a trip to the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
[RELATED: Complete Team Reset coverage]
Botterill helped build the Pittsburgh Penguins into back-to-back Stanley Cup champions as assistant GM for the past eight seasons, so even though he's a first-time GM, they didn't arrive in Buffalo without credentials and experience.
Botterill made their first major hire June 15, when they named Phil Housley to replace Dan Bylsma as Sabres coach. Bylsma and general manager Tim Murray were fired April 20.
Housley, a Hockey Hall of Fame defenseman, was an assistant with the Nashville Predators, running the defense and helping them reach the Stanley Cup Final last season. So, even though he's a first-time coach, they arrive in Buffalo with significant credentials and experience.
Botterill went to work on the roster with some major trades and a minor splash into the free agent market on July 1. The question now is done the Sabres have enough to climb the standings to get into the playoffs for the first time since 2011?
Here is what the Sabres look like today:
Key arrivals
Jason Pominville, F: The 34-year-old spent the first eight seasons of their NHL career with the Sabres before they were traded to the Minnesota Wild on April 3, 2013. They were traded back to Buffalo from Minnesota on June 30. Pominville had 47 points (13 goals, 34 assists) in 78 games with the Wild last season. … Benoit Pouliot, F: The 30-year-old signed a one-year, $1.15 million contract on July 1 after the Edmonton Oilers bought out the final two years of their contract. Pouliot had 14 points in 67 games last season. … Jacob Josefson, F: The 26-year-old signed a one-year, $700,000 contract on July 1. They had 10 points with the New Jersey Devils last season. … Marco Scandella, D: The Sabres acquired Scandella along with Pominville from the Wild in the June 30 trade. The 27-year-old had 13 points in 71 games last season and 89 points (27 goals, 62 assists) in 373 games in seven seasons with Minnesota. … Nathan Beaulieu, D: Buffalo acquired Beaulieu from the Montreal Canadiens on June 17 for a third-round pick in the 2017 NHL Draft. Beaulieu, 24, had 28 points (four goals, 24 assists) in 74 games with the Canadiens last season.  They are a restricted free agent who has filed for salary arbitration. ... Chad Johnson, G: The 31-year-old signed a one-year, $2.5 million contract on July 1. Johnson won an NHL career-high 22 games for the Sabres in 2015-16, when they had a 2.36 goals-against average and .920 save percentage in an NHL career-high 45 games (40 starts).
Video: OTT@MIN: Pominville tallies in 900th NHL game
Key departures
Tyler Ennis, F: After eight seasons with the Sabres, Ennis was sent to Minnesota in the trade that brought Pominville and Scandella to Buffalo. The 27-year-old had 13 points in 51 games last season. … Marcus Foligno, F: The 25-year-old was the other player the Sabres sent to the Wild in the trade. They had 23 points each of the past two seasons. … Brian Gionta , F: It doesn't seem likely the 38-year-old unrestricted free agent will return to Buffalo. The Sabres captain the past three seasons, they had 35 points (15 goals, 20 assists) in 2016-17. … William Carrier, F: The 22-year-old was selected by the Vegas Golden Knights in the NHL Expansion Draft. … Dmitry Kulikov, D: The 26-year-old signed a three-year, $12.99 million contract with the Winnipeg Jets on July 1. … Cody Franson , D: It doesn't appear the Sabres have interest in bringing back the unrestricted free agent, who turns 30 on Aug. 8. … Anders Nilsson, G: After one season in Buffalo, the 27-year-old signed a two-year, $5 million contract with the Vancouver Canucks on July 1.
On the cusp
Linus Ullmark, G: The 23-year-old is expected to start the season with Rochester of the American Hockey League. They went 26-27-2 with a 2.87 GAA and .909 save percentage in 55 games as Rochester's No. 1 last season. … Alexander Nylander, F: The Sabres' first-round pick (No. 8) in the 2016 NHL Draft, they had 10 goals and 28 points in 65 games with Rochester last season. … Victor Antipin, D: The Sabres signed Antipin, 24, to a one-year contract on May 25. They helped Russia win bronze at the 2017 IIHF World Championship and was named to the Kontinental Hockey League All-Star team last season.
Video: BUF@TBL: Ullmark robs Drouin with great glove save
What they still need
Depth at left wing. The Sabres could enter training camp with Pouliot slotted as their second-line left wing. He's likely more suited for a bottom-six role but so too are Matt Moulson and Nicolas Deslauriers. The Sabres also need to re-sign Robin Lehner to get their goaltending depth in order. Lehner filed for salary arbitration.
Pete Jensen's fantasy focus
How good was center Jack Eichel on a per-game basis last season? They were tied for 11th in the NHL in points per game (0.93; minimum 20 games) and led the League in shots on goal per game (4.1). The Sabres had the League's best power play (24.5 percent), and Eichel scored 24 power-play points in 61 games. Those levels of production over a full season would make Eichel well worth a first-round fantasy pick, but their health and that of their supporting cast will determine whether the Sabres can take a step forward at even strength.
Video: TOR@BUF: Eichel pots backhand goal on breakaway
Projected lineup
Evander Kane -- Jack Eichel -- Sam Reinhart
Benoit Pouliot -- Ryan O'Reilly -- Kyle Okposo
Matt Moulson -- Johan Larsson -- Jason Pominville
Nicolas Deslauriers -- Zemgus Girgensons -- Hudson Fasching
Marco Scandella -- Rasmus Ristolainen
Jake McCabe -- Zach Bogosian
Nathan Beaulieu -- Victor Antipin
Robin Lehner
Chad Johnson
NASA's Mars Odyssey spacecraft has discovered evidence of significant hydration near the Martian equator.
Dr. Jack Wilson of the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory and their colleagues analyzed archival data collected from 2002 to 2009 by Mars Odyssey's Neutron Spectrometer (MONS).
In bringing the lower-resolution compositional data into sharper focus, the researchers spotted unexpectedly high amounts of hydrogen — which at high latitudes is a sign of buried water ice — around sections of the Martian equator.
By applying image-reconstruction techniques often used to reduce blurring and remove ‘noise' from spacecraft imaging data, the team improved the spatial resolution of the MONS data from around 320 miles to 180 miles (520 km to 290 km).
“It was as if we'd cut the spacecraft's orbital altitude in half, and it gave us a much better view of what's happening on the surface,” Dr. Wilson said.
“MONS can't directly detect water, but by measuring neutrons, it can help us calculate the abundance of hydrogen — and infer the presence of water or other hydrogen-bearing substances.”
Mars Odyssey's first major discovery, in 2002, was abundant hydrogen just beneath the surface at high latitudes. In 2008, NASA's Phoenix Mars Lander confirmed that the hydrogen was in the form of water ice.
But at lower latitudes on Mars, water ice is not thought to be thermodynamically stable at any depth. The traces of excess hydrogen that Odyssey's original data showed at lower latitudes were initially explained as hydrated minerals, which other spacecraft and instruments have since observed.
Dr. Wilson and co-authors concentrated on those equatorial areas, particularly with a 600-mile (1,000-km) stretch of loose, easily erodible material between the northern lowlands and southern highlands along the Medusae Fossae Formation.
“Radar-sounding scans of the area have suggested the presence of low-density volcanic deposits or water ice below the surface, but if the detected hydrogen were buried ice within the top meter of the surface, there would be more than would fit into pore space in soil,” Dr. Wilson said.
How water ice could be preserved there is a mystery.
A leading theory suggests an ice and dust mixture from the polar areas could be cycled through the atmosphere when Mars' axial tilt was larger than it is today. But those conditions last occurred hundreds of thousands to millions of years ago.
“Water ice isn't expected to be stable at any depth in that area today, and any ice deposited there should be long gone,” Dr. Wilson said.
“Additional protection might come from a cover of dust and a hardened ‘duricrust' that traps the humidity below the surface, but this is unlikely to prevent ice loss over timescales of the axial tilt cycles.”
“Perhaps the signature could be explained in terms of extensive deposits of hydrated salts, but how these hydrated salts came to be in the formation is also difficult to explain,” they added.
“So for now, the signature remains a mystery worthy of further study, and Mars continues to surprise us.”
The team's findings are published in the journal Icarus.
_____
Jack T. Wilson et al. 2018. Equatorial locations of water on Mars: Improved resolution maps based on Mars Odyssey Neutron Spectrometer data. Icarus 299: 148-160; doi: 10.1016/j.icarus.2017.07.028
Overview - Airave 3 LTE
Your mobile device is your connection to the world and the gatekeeper to your personal data. Check out one of our comprehensive device protection solutions to secure, replace and repair your investment. All solutions provide coverage for loss, theft, physical damage and mechanical or electrical breakdown.
Total Equipment Protection Plus for smartphones gives you one-click access to a Tech Expert for premium support plus 25 GB backup for photos and videos. Complete setup by downloading the Tech Expert app from your app store.
Advanced Protection Pack for tablets provides virus protection, the ability to secure and locate your device and back up your files. Download and install the Advanced Device Protect app to ensure you're protected.
Get more from your device. This is the hub for learning about your device whether you're getting started, want to learn more or have a troubleshooting question.
ACTRESS LEAH REMINI has been making the publicity rounds lately, talking about their new A&E show about Scientology. It's reminded me of my own brush with the religious cult when I was a kid.
I don't talk about it much but around 1973-75 I went to some sort of Scientology-run daycare/after school thing in Davis, CA. It was around that time my Mom, newly separated and just starting to fall down the abyss of severe manic depression, was looking for something, anything, to stop the fall. For a moment Scientology was it.
When my grandmother essentially rescued us and brought us to Long Island I remember them and my mom arguing a lot about Scientology – that it's a sham, the lingo (“don't give me that ‘clear' garbage!”), the money that was spent, etc. I remember hearing talk about L. Ron Hubbard, “being clear,” Dianetics, and audits.
The memories are hazy, and I don't recall anything really terrible happening, though I think it did ultimately influence my continued skepticism of all religions, dogmas and evangelical arm-twisting. Looking back on all of that whenever Scientology is in the news only serves as a reminder of how sick my mom was and how difficult we had it. Needless to say, Scientology didn't help them
I'm also reminded that there was another Scientology-related incident in my past…
I saw the movie Battlefield Earth the weekend it opened, May, 2000.
For those not familiar, Battlefield Earth is a sci-fi action movie starring John Travota, along with Forest Whitaker and Barry Pepper. It's generally regarded as one the worst movies of all time, and for good reason, it's a bad movie with convoluted plot. Based off of the novel of the same name by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard, it was brought to the big screen by Travolta, who of course is an adherent of Scientology. It was essentially a vanity project for them as they were a huge fan of the book, describing it “like Pulp Fiction for the year 3000″ and “like Star Wars, only better.”
The movie had bad buzz about it even before it opened and it's…pretty bad. Go to Wikipedia for the full description if you like but the short synopsis that the movie takes place in the year 3,000 where an alien race called the Psychlos enslaves humans on earth to mine gold and do manual labor. The convoluted plot has Travolta's character Terl, the Psychlos security chief of Earth, banished there, as a punishment for…I'm not exactly sure why he's stuck on Earth, actually. They devise a plan to buy themselves off of the earth assignment by using humans to mine gold, and…I'm getting a headache. It had a ton of special effects yet the costumes and makeup looked ridiculous (Travolta and Whitaker, above).
The movie was a very expensive ($75 million budget + $20 million in marketing costs) flop, panned by critics and that added to the bad word-of-mouth about the film which started growing long before it opened. It bounced around a couple of studios before filming started, different deals fell apart, it's production company that had the rights to the film went bankrupt, and the Scientology connection made a lot of Hollywood brass wary. Though there really wasn't any mention or really anything Scientology-related in the film it did open on the 50th anniversary of Hubbard's book which started it all for him, Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health. Indeed, it became one of the biggest, most expensive flops of all time. It opened on over 3,000 screens on May 12, 2000, but only did $11.5 million, falling 67% the second week and only doing $1 million at the box office in week three.
Rotten Tomatoes gave it only a 3% score. The movie critics savaged it. Rita Kempley of The Washington Post commented: “A million monkeys with a million crayons would be hard-pressed in a million years to create anything as cretinous as Battlefield Earth. This film version of L. Ron Hubbard's futuristic novel is so breathtakingly awful in concept and execution, it wouldn't tax the smarts of a troglodyte.”The The New York Times said: “It may be a bit early to make such judgments, but Battlefield Earth may well turn out to be the worst movie of this century” saying it is “Plan 9 from Outer Space for a new generation”. In the UK film critic Jonathan Ross said: “Everything about Battlefield Earth sucks. Everything. The over-the-top music, the unbelievable sets, the terrible dialogue, the hammy acting, the lousy special effects, the beginning, the middle and especially the end.” The Hollywood Reporter summed up the film describing it as “a flat-out mess…” that had a “massive narrative sinkhole.” Damn!
So needless to say, it's a bit embarrassing to say I saw it on opening weekend. I had heard that it was bad, and I knew all about the Scientology connection to the movie. However, it should definitely be noted that it not that brief, youthful dalliance with Scientology that influenced me to go see it! It was actually a neighbor, who is a big sci-fi fan. I did go to the matinee on a Saturday, however, so at least I can say I didn't pay full price!
Advertisements
UPDATE: Cop charged with sexual assault to be released from jail
ROCKAWAY TWP. -- A Rockaway Township police officer was arrested Sunday and charged with sexually assaulting two teenage girls, authorities said.
Officer Wilfredo Guzman, 40, of Rockaway Township, is being held in the Morris County jail, according to a joint statement from Morris County Prosecutor Fredric M. Knapp and Rockaway Township Police Chief Martin McParland Jr.
The two second-degree sexual assault charges against Guzman stem from their alleged involvement with two teenage girls in 2014 and 2015. One girl was between the ages of 16 and 17 and the other was 15, authorities said.
Guzman allegedly provided both girls with alcohol and prescription medication and "engaged in acts of sexual penetration," Knapp and McParland said.
In addition to sexual assault, Guzman is charged with two counts of third-degree endangering the welfare of a child.
Guzman has been a police officer in Rockaway Township since 2003, prosecutor's office spokesperson Fred Snowflack said.
 They are paid $111,980 annually, according to public records.
Rob Jennings can be reached at rjennings@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @RobJenningsNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
One of the most usefull piecies of functionality for any application is to schedule events. All sorts of apps need to schedule things or display schedules such as an event planning appliation, an enterprise coordination app, or maybe even a app for shift work.
Personally, I have been developing an app that allows users to schedule workouts for themselves or others. It will allow trainiers to make programs that they can then give to their athletes, or athletes make their own schedule of workouts.
This seems like a pretty simple set of requirements, so I was surprised when their was no Ionic supported plugin for this. Looking through their packages, there is a native Date Picker, but all this does is allow you to select a date (its also a bit outdated, in the github they reference Cordova v4). But the guys over at Ionic did something smart right off the bat, and everyone here also made a good decision when they decided to go with webviews, because now we can take advantage of any plugin or open source project from the angular2 community.
Angular Calendar
Enter Angular Calendar. I will show you how to incorporate this into your ionic project and modify it for a better mobile experience.
First we need to install and configure the project which is dead simple. Following the instructions from the github library,
npm install --save angular-calendar
Then we need to include the css file into our build. Normally in an angular2 project built with the cli we could just include this in our imports, but Ionic 2 uses Sass so its a bit different. I found the easiest way to incorporate it is to pull it down into your assests file and then include it in your index.html.
// Move node_modules/angular-calendar/dist/css/angular-calendar.css to src/assets
// index.html <link rel= "stylesheet" href= "assets/icons/flaticon.css" > <link rel= "stylesheet" href= "assets/angular-calendar.css" > <link rel= "manifest" href= "assets/manifest.json" >
Ok so now when we build the css file will be available. Next we need to incorporate the module into our app.module.ts . From the documentation,
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core' ; import { CalendarModule } from 'angular-calendar' ; @ NgModule ({ imports : [ IonicModule . forRoot ( MyApp ), CalendarModule . forRoot () ] }) export class MyModule {}
Now we can utilize the components that are provided
<mwl-calendar-month-view></mwlcalendar-month-view> <mwl-calendar-week-view></mwlcalendar-week-view> <mwl-calendar-day-view></mwlcalendar-day-view>
For the sake of brevity, i will just go over the month view calendar, and how to modify it. You should be able to take the same concepts and apply it to the week view and day view.
Ok, so now we have our custom calendar components, lets see what they look like.
// calendar.comp.html <div class= "calendar-comp" > <mwl-calendar-month-view [ viewDate ]=" today " > </mwl-calendar-month-view> </div>
// calendar.comp.ts import { Component , OnInit , TemplateRef , ViewChild } from '@angular/core' ; import { CalendarEvent } from 'angular-calendar' ; @ Component ({ selector : 'calendar' , templateUrl : 'calendar.comp.html' }) export class CalendarComp implements OnInit { public date : Date = new Date ( Date . now ()); //... }
And we get something like this!
Editing CSS for mobile
Pretty awesome that without much work at all we are able to get this kind of functionality. But right off the bat we can see that this isn't optimized for mobile. The dates are very long, and the whole months calendar doesn't even fit on the screen. lets optimize this for mobile a bit so that we can see the whole month on the screen, and do a few other things.
First we need to override the css that is making the day cells so large.
// calendar .comp.scss .calendar-comp { .columnHeader { text-align : center ; font-weight : bold ; } .cal-today { .cal-day-number { font-size : 1.5em !important ; } } .cal-day-cell { min-height : 60px ; } .cal-cell-top { min-height : 30px ; } .cal-day-number { font-size : 1em ; margin-top : 10px ; margin-bottom : 5px ; margin-right : 5px ; } .cal-day-badge { display : none ; } }
This will make the cells smaller, and optimize the badges and other special items so that will not make the cells particularly larger. Now we have a calendar that looks like this!
That looks so much better than what we originally had.
Custom Headers
A really great feature that this calendar allows is the ability to add a custom header template. If you are unsure of what a template is, check out the angular documentation, but basically we can insert it in the html that we already have to make it more mobile friendly.
In our custom header, we want to shrink the days of the week to abreviations so they fit better on the screen. To do this we add a template to our html, and then link it to the calendar
// calendar.comp.html <div class= "calendar-comp" > <template # headerTemp > <div class= "cal-cell-row" > <div class= "cal-cell cal-past columnHeader" * ngFor= "let label of days_label" > {{label}} </div> </div> </template> <mwl-calendar-month-view [ viewDate ]=" date " [ headerTemplate ]=" headerTemp " > </mwl-calendar-month-view> </div>
// calendar.comp.ts days_label : Array < string > = [ 'Mon' , 'Tue' , 'Wed' , 'Thur' , 'Fri' , 'Sat' , 'Sun' ];
Great. Now we have the ability to add a custom header to our calendar to display what ever information we want above.
Events
Ok so we have a good looking calendar, but a calendar is useless unless it has events in it. The documentation is a bit limited on this in the angular-calendar repo, so I will try my best to describe how to add events to the calendar and what they need to look like.
First lets show an example and then we can dive into the code a bit more.
// calendar.comp.ts import { CalendarEvent } from 'angular-calendar' ; ... public colors : any = { red : { primary : '#ad2121' , secondary : '#FAE3E3' }, } public event : CalendarEvent = { start : this . date , title : 'Event!' , color : this . colors . red }
Ok so we should talk about this “CalendarEvent” object. This was actually something that took some time to understand because it is based of a calendar-utils project that the owner of the repo created. The interface is described below.
export interface CalendarEvent { start : Date ; end ?: Date ; title : string ; color : EventColor ; actions ?: EventAction []; allDay ?: boolean ; cssClass ?: string ; resizable ?: { beforeStart ?: boolean ; afterEnd ?: boolean ; }; draggable ?: boolean ; } export interface EventColor { primary : string ; secondary : string ; } export interface EventAction { label : string ; cssClass ?: string ; onClick ({ event }: { event : CalendarEvent }): any ; }
Now we have all the information we need to create a simple event and add it to the calendar.
// calendar.comp.ts public colors : any = { red : { primary : '#ad2121' , secondary : '#FAE3E3' }, blue : { primary : '#1e90ff' , secondary : '#D1E8FF' }, yellow : { primary : '#e3bc08' , secondary : '#FDF1BA' } }; public event : CalendarEvent = { start : this . date , title : 'Event!' , color : this . colors . red } public calEvents : CalendarEvent [] = [ this . event , this . event ];
// calendar.comp.html <mwl-calendar-month-view [ viewDate ]=" date " [ events ]=" calEvents " [ activeDayIsOpen ]=" true " > </mwl-calendar-month-view>
Now we have our completed calendar, that should look something like this!
James Harding says some readers cancelled subscriptions in wake of revelations about News of the World's alleged activities
The editor of the Times, James Harding, has admitted that News International's handling of the phone-hacking crisis was "catastrophic" and that it impacted on the paper's sales.
Harding said readers had cancelled subscriptions to the Times and to digital versions of the paper in the immediate aftermath of the revelations about Milly Dowler's phone allegedly being hacked by News International sister title the News of the World.
Asked whether News International would recover and if they still felt the way the company had reacted had been "catastrophic", as described by one of their paper's leader columns, they said: "Yes, I think that would be a pretty descriptive word for what it happened and the struggle they had in getting to grips with it."
But Harding, who has pursued a fiercely independent line on the scandal since the Dowler story broke in early July, said they believed Rupert Murdoch was now back in charge after accepting the resignation of Rebekah Brooks, dropping the bid for BSkyB and apologising to the Dowler family.
"You have to own your mistakes, otherwise your mistakes own you," Harding told Steve Hewlett, presenter of Radio 4's The Media Show.
The Times lost more than 20,000 sales on some days following the Dowler revelation, according to industry sources.
"In the first couple of weeks after the Milly Dowler story broke we were acutely concerned about it and with good reason. There were some people who were not just disgusted by the News of the World but wanted to express that anger in any way they could," Harding said.
They were then asked if the Times saw evidence of this in losing its own readers. "Yes we absolutely did," Harding replied. "We saw small numbers of people cancelling their digital subscriptions or cancelling their print subscriptions – happily those have largely come back."
They said they knew they were in for a "very testing" time when the Dowler story broke more than three weeks ago and that the scrutiny of press behaviour on all newspapers would be a "watershed" moment for British journalism.
But they added it would be lamentable if the ambitions of journalists to hold the powerful and privileged to account were in any way stymied.
"I think it's an unpopular position at the moment. But we need to make sure we don't get into a circular firing squad in Fleet Street, we don't spend our time in a process of self-flagellation, we believe in a free press," Harding said.
"I was very concerned for the reputation of journalism generally the moment I woke. We are now three and a half weeks, the better part of a month on," they added. "I think if you went round the country today and you said 'Do you still think that it is important in a free society that the press hold the powerful and the privileged to account?' I think they would say yes. If you said 'Do you think it would be a good idea for David Cameron and Ed Miliband to set the terms of the way in which newspapers work?', most people would say no."
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook
KITCHENER — Four months into the new waste collection rules, Waterloo Region residents are doing a good job at getting compostable items into the green bin.
In June, green bin tonnage topped 2,000 tonnes, compared to 880 the previous June.
"It's a significant jump," said Cari Rastas Howard, waste management program manager for the region. "We appreciate all the great work that's being done and we really hope people keep it up."
Year to date, organic waste is at 9,200 tonnes compared to 5,000 for the same period last year. Recycling is up slightly, too.
Tonnage this year includes two months before the collection rules changed in early March; garbage and bulky items are picked up alternate weeks, while recycling and green bins are picked up at the curb every week.
The changes were adopted with the goal of boosting green bin use in the region.
"It's fantastic to see that's having the result we hoped for," Rastas Howard said.
The region has a 10-year deal with the City of Guelph to process green bin waste based on a 20,000-tonne estimate, and the per-tonne cost of processing is higher because the region hasn't been meeting the target.
While green bin use usually does drop off a bit in the summer, Rastas Howard hopes people will stick with the good habit.
"We're really happy. We're looking to try and keep everyone on the green bin through the summer months."
After tinkering with their brand-new Xbox Kinect one weekend, University of Washington graduate student Fredrik Rydén had devised a way to use the technology for surgery.
The basic idea behind Rydén's hack was to tap into the Kinect's ability to grab raw depth data in real time and transfer it from game players' whole bodies to corporeal surgical sites, then marry the data to haptics, or sensory feedback. The system is built using Kinect, the OpenKinect drivers, Virtual Environment, and a haptic device—in this case, Sensable's Phantom Omni.
Xbox Kinect in Research
Rydén, who is advised by professors Howard Chizeck and Blake Hannaford, developed the system as part of a larger research effort at the electrical engineering department's BioRobotics Lab, where Rydén is a visiting graduate student from Sweden.
The University of Washington researchers envision using the Kinect hack to add haptics to robotic-aided surgery (usually minimally invasive, or laparoscopic, surgery), which currently relies on visual information from the tiny video cameras that are sent into the body alongside the surgical instruments. Doctors can see where their tools are, but they cannot feel anything. When an instrument is moving along and makes contact with something it shouldn't, like bone or a vital organ, the robotic controls don't automatically stop moving or provide any kind of sensation that would indicate a new surface is being touched.
Adding haptics means giving the surgeons physical resistance on their end that imitates what their instruments are touchingor shouldn't be touching. The medical team could essentially create force fields around vital organs, arteries, or anything that, if disturbed, may cause the patient harm. If the instruments get too close to these protected areas, the surgeon might feel the warning before noticing the potential problem on screen.
Cheaper Solutions Using Consumer Electronics
The research group, which is working more broadly to improve surgical robotic methods, had discussed using CT scans to define areas where the surgeon's instruments should not be before surgeryan expensive process. The team then discussed whether it was possible to use some kind of infrared sensor to automatically define the regions instead. They decided to try the Kinect, in part because it's a relatively low cost and mass produced product, and Rydén set out to write some code. "I bought the Kinect on a Friday and was done on Monday morning," Rydén said.
The Kinect camera works fine and dandy on a table and object, but how would the camera work inside the body?
"We are investigating ways to achieve the Kinect functionality but with a smaller system that is physically inside the body, ultimately to provide haptic feedback (sense of touch) to the surgeon operating the controls for robot-assisted and possibly non-robotic endoscopic surgery). Details regarding this are still in the early stages," said Chizeck and Rydén via email.
"The code that Fredrik Rydén wrote," Chizeck said, "is in what is called 'The Virtual Environment.' This part transforms and visualizes the depth data as a point cloud (small dots in a 3D environment) and also does the haptic rendering to create 'no-go'-zones. When the surgeon tries to enter one of these zones, they or they feel resistance from the haptic device. That is, it pushes back." And because Kinect works in real-time, the surgeons would be able to interact in a fluidly moving environment, a crucial fact when working inside a living, breathing human being.
Operating From Afar
Further afield, Rydén and their group are imagining more complex instances of robotics-aided surgery, where doctors operate remotely. Howard Chizeck, one of the professor connected to the project, speaking to the university's newspaper The Daily, said, "Suppose there's an earthquake somewhere. First responders could get victims to a van with a satellite dish on top and the tools inside, and a surgeon somewhere else could perform the surgery."
In a YouTube video, Rydén demonstrates their creation using the Phantom Omni by Sensable, a hardware peripheral that integrates with a variety of software for which a user would benefit from being able to feel the virtual elements. For example, if sculpting virtual clay in a 3D modeling program, the Phantom Omni creates resistance that mimics the physical properties of clay, so the user must literally and physically push the stylus on the haptics device in order to mold the clay. Rydén's video shows them sitting at a table through the eyes of the Kinect camera, and another person in a different location ready to use the Phantom Omni. The Omni user can "feel" the surface of the table, and when Rydén introduces a small object onto the table, the Omni detects that, too, and the user feels as if they are poking and prodding it.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — For an economy that has struggled to find enough jobs for everyone who wants one, it was a very good year.
Not the best year ever, but good enough.
For the third year in a row, the number of jobs created was greater than increase in the population. In 2015, nonfarm payrolls rose by 2.65 million, while the population of the United States increased by 2.47 million, according to the Census Bureau.
This is a rare occurrence; it happens only during periods of exceptional job growth, such as the late 1960s, mid-1970s and mid-1980s, when the ranks of the employed were swelled by the baby-boom generation and by the entry of millions of women into the workforce. It's happened only five times since 1990.
Must read: Strong jobs report is reminder economy and stock market are not the same thing
More annual highlights from the employment report:
• The number of unemployed people declined by 800,000 during the year to 7.9 million. It was the sixth year in a row that unemployment fell.
• The number of people who had been unemployed for six months or longer fell by 687,000 to 2.1 million. But they didn't just drop out of the labor force in discouragement: The number of people who aren't counted as officially unemployed but who say they want a job nevertheless declined by 521,000 to 5.9 million.
• The most straight-forward measure of slack in the economy — the number of unemployed people plus the number who say they want a job — fell by 1.3 million to 13.8 million.
• The number of people who say they were forced by economic circumstances to accept a part-time job rather than the full-time job they wanted declined by 764,000 to 6 million. It was the sixth year in a row that involuntary part-time employment fell.
• The total number of people working part-time hours (less than 35 per week) declined by 86,000 to 27.4 million during 2015, despite wide-spread concerns that the Affordable Care Act would turn us into a nation of part-timers. Full-time employment rose by 2.6 million to 122.6 million.
• As a result of all this job growth, the official U-3 unemployment rate dropped from 5.6% to 5%, the lowest since 2007. The broader U-6 underemployment rate fell twice as much, from 11.2% to 9.9%. The U-6 rate is still two percentage points higher than it was in 2006, however.
Now for the bad news.
• The labor-force participation rate declined for the ninth year in a row, from 62.7% to 62.6%, and the decline wasn't all due to the aging of the population. For those in their prime working years (25 to 54), the labor-force participation rate fell by a tenth of a percentage to 80.8%. The participation rate for young people (16 to 24) did improve over the year, rising to 55.6% from 54.9%.
The labor market still has plenty of slack, and wages are still too low. But we made a lot of progress in 2015 toward full employment.
Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.
A supernova that lit up the skies in the year 1006 lived and died fast, leaving no companion star behind, astronomers have found. The result is the latest clue in a puzzle that has been troubling astronomers for some time – how does this type of stellar explosion happen?
Supernova 1006 exploded, as seen from Earth, in the year 1006 (hence the name). It was probably the brightest star ever visible to humans and could have been bright enough to read by at night. Astronomers know that it was a type Ia supernova – a particular type of stellar sticky end that involves taking another star along for the ride.
Type Ia supernovae are one rung on the cosmic ladder we use to measure distances in the universe. They were instrumental in the discovery of the accelerating expansion of the universe – caused by what we call dark energy – in 1998.
But the origins of this type of cosmic explosion have long been a bit of a mystery. Astronomers think that there are two ways type Ia supernovae are created. Both ways involve a white dwarf, a dead star similar to what the Sun will one day turn into, gathering up mass from an unsuspecting companion before reaching its limit and exploding in a dazzling supernova. One way is fast, stealing material from another white dwarf in orbit around the soon-to-explode one, and breaking it up in the process. The other way is slow, with the white dwarf dragging material from a companion that is more like the Sun as it is now, or a giant star, over time.
Crucially, the second, slow, method would leave behind a telltale sign. The companion star should survive the explosion and be visible alongside the supernova remnant. So that is what astronomers have been searching for.
Jonay González Hernández at the Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias and colleagues searched for a companion star to supernova 1006. They came up empty handed.
SN 1006 is 7,100 light years away from us. González Hernández and colleagues started their search at the centre of the X-ray emission from the supernova remnant left behind after SN 1006 exploded, out to a radius of just over eight light years.
They were looking for a star at the same distance as the supernova. “In the 1000 years since the explosion occurred, there has not been much time to move far, at least in astronomical standards,” says González Hernández. It should also have shown some heavy elements such as nickel in its atmosphere, and a large ‘kick' velocity.
“We found only four stars at a distance compatible with that of the supernova remnant, but all of them were ‘normal' giant stars,” says González Hernández, and did not show the peculiarities predicted for stars that have survived a supernova.
Taking their study with that of four other supernovae, González Hernández and their colleagues conclude that only 20% of type Ia supernovae happen through the slow channel that leaves a companion behind. They arrived at this figure because only one of those five supernovae appears to have a companion star.
But five is a very small sample, points out Ryan Foley, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Massachusetts, who was not involved in the study. “Getting a rate from that has a lot of intrinsic uncertainty,” they say. The true rate could vary from that substantially. 1
González Hernández admits that the figure of 20% is “indicative” and that astronomers need to study more cases to see if it stands up.
There have also been questions raised over the five supernova that have already been studied.
The one companion star that has been found – that alongside supernova 1572 – has been called into question. The jury is still out on whether or not it really was involved in the supernova or just an innocent bystander. And there is another caveat: if any of these supernovae had companion stars that were smaller than our Sun, they would have been too faint to see. “If [a companion to supernova 1006] is somehow still hidden,” says González Hernández, “it has to be a star probably smaller than our Sun.”
While the 20% figure may have shaky foundations, this study does provide one more data point in the puzzle of whether type Ia supernovae form through the fast or slow channel – or both. And the solution to that puzzle matters.
If all type Ia supernovae are not created equal, then the path a particular supernova took will need to be taken into account when calculating cosmic distances. The answers we get are unlikely to change dramatically, but if we want accurate results we need to learn exactly how our tools work.
Reference
Jonay I. González Hernández, Pilar Ruiz-Lapuente, Hugo M. Tabernero, David Montes, Ramon Canal, Javier Méndez, & Luigi R. Bedin (2012). No surviving evolved companions of the progenitor of SN 1006 Nature DOI: 10.1038/nature11447
Image
Composite image of the SN 1006 supernova remnant. Credit: X-ray: NASA/CXC/Rutgers/G.Cassam-Chenaï, J.Hughes et al.; Radio: NRAO/AUI/NSF/GBT/VLA/Dyer, Maddalena & Cornwell; Optical: Middlebury College/F.Winkler, NOAO/AURA/NSF/CTIO Schmidt & DSS
Barbecue joints have been springing up around town nearly as often as apartment owners have raised their rents. With so many new choices and so many good pit masters moving to Colorado from the South's prime barbecue regions, it's no surprise that our barbecue choices have never been better. While Denver may not have a distinctive style for newcomers to use as a measuring stick, following tradition will only get a 'cue shop so far. Sometimes being the best means having the best Kansas City-style ribs in town, but sometimes it just means offering the full flavor of good meat cooked over wood, regardless of the origin of the dry rub, sauce or technique.
Because of all the changes, we've been out eating barbecue — and the result is our updated list of the ten best barbecue eateries in town, in alphabetical order, with this year's Best of Denver winner in the number-one slot. And because "authenticity" is a word thrown around so much these days (even if nobody knows for sure what it means), we've included an authentic-o-meter to gauge just how real-deal these ten places are, as compared to the best barbecue from that one guy on the side of the road where we once stood in the dust and rolled our eyes in delight, not only because of the meat itself, but because we were there first. We'd tell you where it was, but the food really went downhill after the guy bought their first restaurant.
Continue Reading
10) Big Country's Bar-B-Que
4044 Tejon Street
970-333-4589
Authentic-o-meter: Extra points because of owner Darren "Big Country" Byrd's nickname and ever-present cowboy hat.
Big Country's Bar-B-Que has only been open in Sunnyside for four months, but Texan Darren Byrd has been smoking brisket, sausage and pork professionally for years, first in Keystone and then on Denver's streets for the past couple of years. Byrd makes their own sausage and also serves up brisket burnt ends, true to their Texas roots. The sides are all homey and packed with flavor, particularly the smokey mac-n-cheese and the savory collards. The house sauce is slick with drippings, but is neither sweet, tangy nor fiery; instead, it multiplies the meaty, smoky essence of the brisket. Service can sometimes lean toward casual (read: there may be some hollerin' between the counter and the kitchen), but the laid-back attitude only adds to the atmosphere.
This face doesn't lie: Boney's dishes up some fine 'cue. Ariel Fried
9) Boney's Smokehouse BBQ
1543 Champa Street
303-825-9900
Authentic-o-meter: The red-and-white checked tablecloths and plastic cafeteria trays don't lie. If that's not authentic enough, just inhale the aroma of wood smoke that escapes the basement kitchen and perfumes the sidewalk outside.
Boney's is one of the few joints that can do the culinary bus tour of the country's top barbecue regions without falling flat on any one item. Juicy pulled pork splashed with vinegar-based sauce brings North Carolina to mind, while ribs backed by something a little sweeter and more tomatoey veers in the direction of Memphis. The mix-and-match approach might frustrate purists, but the key is to sample the sauces first and then decide what suits your fancy. Whatever you order, though, the flavors of the meats definitely stand on their own, so going naked is always an option.
EXPAND Brooks brings a taste of Louisiana to Denver. Mark Antonation
8) Brooks Smokehouse & Catering
800 Oakland Street, Aurora
720-949-0581
Authentic-o-meter: The word "authentic" was invented to describe the Brooks experience, from the charming hospitality down to the pink and smoky pork ribs.
While Ronald Brooks has scaled back their mobile barbecue trailer substantially in the last year or so, they and their wife, Louella, are still serving up Louisiana-style comfort and cordiality from their converted home in Aurora every day but Monday. The ribs shine like lacquer and almost pop like sausage with each bite, and the pork and beef sport the telltale pink ring of slow cooking over wood smoke. There's always something special cooking, so be sure to ask — but Brooks will probably beat you to it and offer you a taste of something new. In addition to barbecue, Ronald and Louella cook up some top-notch Bayou fare, with smoky maque choux (like kicked-up creamed corn), dirty rice, etouffee and gumbo. And if you're offered barbecued alligator legs, trust us and just say yes.
EXPAND Ribs and fried okra hit the spot at Brewshine. Mark Antonation
7) Brewshine BBQ & Taphouse
3109 Federal Boulevard
303-561-1111
Authentic-o-meter: So maybe there's no such thing as Federal Boulevard-style 'cue, but the smoke signals from Brewshine's outdoor rig could change that.
Brewshine wasn't the first barbecue on Federal Boulevard; Hong Kong Barbecue took that award years ago. But when it comes to Southern-style smoked meats, Kristen and David Lewis definitely brought something new and needed to the street. Ribs and wings are the top offerings on the menu, but the brisket and pork are moist and tender, too, with gentle smoke flavor and a light touch with seasonings. The sides are more than an afterthought, with crunchy fried okra and a surprisingly accurate take on Polish dill and cucumber salad. What makes it all just a little better is the long bar stocked with moonshine and a deep list of draft beers. The corner of Federal and Speer Boulevard is a tough spot for restaurants, but the wafting smoke is all the advertising this place needs.
EXPAND Pull up next to Cub's for some KC-style smoked meats. Mark Antonation
6) Cub's Q Barbeque
368 South Broadway
720-988-4242
Authentic-o-meter: If you like KC-style barbecue, this is one of the best bets in town.
This is the only mobile unit on our list — not because there aren't plenty of worthy food trucks on the streets, but because they can often be tough to track down for a second bite. But Cub's is as close to stationary as a rig with wheels can get; it's been in the same parking lot on South Broadway for the better part of a year. Owners Greg and Linda McCubbin hail from Kansas City, and they've brought a taste of their home town to Denver with spot-on ribs and some delicious brisket and pulled pork, too. Go for lunch — Cub's generally sells out well before dinner — or call ahead for a tailgate special. For a triple dose of smoke, order the Papa Bear, a meaty sandwich stuffed with brisket, pork and smoked provolone: This is one of the few times you'll see us recommending barbecue served with cheese.
EXPAND Home cooking, Arkansas style, at Ragin' Hog — ribs, pulled pork and Gold Star sausage. Mark Antonation
5) Ragin' Hog BBQ
4361 Lowell Boulevard
303-859-6003
Authenic-o-meter: We've never been to Arkansas, but this is a true mom-and-pop shop where every bite is made with love.
The seasoning on the ribs and pulled pork at Ragin' Hog is a little on the sweet side, oddly so. A barbecue connoisseur's first bite may yield a puzzled frown more than a satisfied smile, but beneath the sweet, there's real smoke flavor and toothsome meat that invites a second bite. From that point on, you're hooked: The combination of flavors sticks in the back of your mind and causes random thoughts of returning to the quaint little north Denver dining room again and again. And if for some reason the pork doesn't beguile you, the country-style hospitality will. That and a blissful wedge of buttermilk pie.
EXPAND Brisket is king in Texas — but at Roaming Buffalo, it's just one of many good meats. Danielle Lirette
4) Roaming Buffalo Bar-B-Que
2387 South Downing Street
303-722-2226
Authentic-o-meter: We can say without hesitation that Roaming Buffalo serves the most authentic barbecued bison ribs and lamb shank we've ever had.
Texas pit man Coy Webb has a way with brisket, but he's been in Colorado so long that he's drawn to other, more local meats, too. At the always-bustling Roaming Buffalo on South Downing Street, bison and lamb are as likely to spill their juices onto your butcher-paper-lined tray as beef or pork, all of which emerge from the smoker with a bark as dark as coffee and a simple rub that lets the meat speak for itself. Webb and their wife, Rachael, start fresh every morning and sell out early — often before the dinner rush is over. Head over before the daily stampede if you're craving bison short rib, lamb shank or house-made jalapeño-cheddar sausage. Just be sure to save room for a cup of banana pudding, also made in-house.
EXPAND Russell's does beef ribs right. Mark Antonation
3) Russell's Smokehouse
1422 Larimer Street
720-524-8050
Authentic-o-meter: A basement restaurant in a heavily regulated downtown restaurant district can only crank up the smoke so much, but Russell's makes up for that by serving high-quality meats treated right.
Restaurateur Frank Bonanno's underground smokehouse, next door to their speakeasy, Green Russell, doesn't seem like the right kind of place to find good barbecue. Despite the hush-hush secrecy of the entrance and Bonanno's reputation for great Italian (he also runs Luca and Osteria Marco), the barbecue at Russell's surprises with complex flavors and mouthwatering tenderness. Beef ribs, a rarity outside of Texas, steal the show, but the kitchen shows expertise with baby back ribs and — gulp — chicken, too. Prices lean toward fine dining, but portions are gut-busting, so guests get their money's worth. If you're all-in for a meat-heavy night, start with a sausage sampler for some of the best charcuterie (don't say that south of the Mason-Dixon, though) in town.
EXPAND Sons of Scullery add a smoky note to the RiNo neighborhood. Mark Antonation
2) Sons of Scullery
2620 Walnut Street
720-518-9806
Authentic-o-meter: While we'd prefer it if the sauce came on the side instead of squirt-bottled on top...oh, just shut up and eat it.
The Sons of Scullery set up shop inside Casselman's in RiNo earlier this year, serving to a sporadic music crowd in a venue that hasn't been known for its food. Despite an unpredictable customer base, the Sons have figured out how to keep up quality even when there's no long line clamoring for barbecue. Authenticity here takes a back seat to just plain good, with juicy shredded brisket (yes, we know, it's not sliced), succulent ribs with meat that slides off the bone, and curiously mustardy pulled pork that gets its inspiration from South Carolina. Sides range from well-made classics to enticing stoner food, but all are given equal respect and attention. When it comes to defying convention, the barbecue at Sons of Scullery scores high for sheer enjoyability, even if the toes of a few aficionados might get stepped on.
EXPAND Superior barbecue? Head to Wayne's. Courtesy of Wayne's Smoke Shack
1) Wayne's Smoke Shack
11406 Center Drive, Superior
303-554-5319
Authentic-o-meter: Owner Wayne Shelnutt is from Texas. Indoor cabinet smokers aside, the finish, flavor and juiciness of their slow-smoked meats are 100 percent Texas, too.
Texas doesn't get much love from Coloradans, but the barbecue at Wayne's Smoke Shack in Superior is changing that. Owner and pit master Wayne Shelnutt brings the flavors and techniques of Texas Hill Country — the post-oak-and-brisket holy land with Austin at its center — to Denver's north suburbs, where Lone Star State expats and Front Range natives alike line up for a taste of juicy beef with the coffee-black bark and deep, smoky flavor that can only come from time, patience and love. Pork lovers have plenty to be thankful for, too; Wayne's ribs and pork shoulder sing with the same slow-cooked and savory alchemy that arises when fat and dry rub combine with smoke to coax magic from meat. Lunch is your best bet; by dinner, the best might already be gone.
San Bernardino, Calif., filed for bankruptcy protection on Wednesday citing more than $1 billion of debts and making it the third California city to seek protection from creditors.
San Bernardino declared a fiscal crisis last month after a report said local government had tapped out its reserves and projected spending would top revenue by $45 million in the fiscal year that began on July 1.
The filing, made in the United States Bankruptcy Court, Central California District, states that the city has "more than $1 billion" in liabilities, and estimated that it has between 10,001 and 25,000 creditors.
It also states that San Bernardino, a city of about 210,000 residents 65 miles east of Los Angeles, has estimated assets of more than $1 billion.
San Bernardino's city council voted on July 24 to adopt an emergency three-month fiscal plan that would suspend debt payments, freeze vacant jobs and quit paying into a retiree health fund while city staff produce a more detailed bankruptcy plan.
Grant Hindsley / AP, file San Bernadino city employee Rafael Tinoco empties trash barrels in a neighborhood in the Southern California city last month.
A recent report by the city attorney said officials had falsified budget reports to the mayor and council for 13 of the last 16 years, hiding the scale of the city's debt.
"The bankruptcy filing was just to get the protection in place, to kick the process off," a city spokesperson said.
In the past two months, the cities of Stockton and Mammoth Lakes have also filed for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection, a special bankruptcy provision for municipalities.
Stockton, which like San Bernardino has suffered from the housing crash that was particularly acute in southern California, filed for bankruptcy in June, becoming the largest U.S. city to do so.
Other cities in California are also in deep fiscal trouble and more could file for bankruptcy.
On July 17 the mayor of Compton, a city outside Los Angeles, said they had asked state auditors to look into unspecified "waste, fraud and abuse of public monies." That city could file for bankruptcy by September 1, its financial officials said.
In Victorville, also in southern California, auditors in January said there "was substantial doubt about the city's ability to continue as a going concern."
More money and business news:
Follow NBCNews.com business on Twitter and Facebook
In yesterday's South by Southwest keynote address, President Obama took a firm stand against strong encryption. Standing before an audience of over two thousand technology enthusiasts, Obama explained why the government needs back door access to all personal communication devices.
If it was technologically possible to make an impenetrable device where there's no door at all, then how do we apprehend the child pornographer? How do we disrupt a terrorist plot? How do we even do a simple thing like tax enforcement? If government can't get in, then everyone's walking around with a Swiss bank account in their pocket. There has to be some concession to get into that information somewhere.
Obama didn't specifically discuss Apple's case with the FBI, though the inference is clear. The president is not content with unlocking the individual phones of suspected criminals. He's asking for specific security protections to be permanently removed from all electronic devices. Because terrorists, child pornographers, and tax dodgers exist, no private citizen should have the right to secure communications.
Buried inside the President's appeals to fear is a principle that's widely understood by security professionals: A back door for the government is, in practice, indistinguishable from a security flaw that makes communication devices vulnerable for everyone.
As Alex Abdo of the ACLU put it, “If the FBI can force Apple to hack into its customers' devices, then so too can every repressive regime in the rest of the world.”
The sentiment was echoed by Edward Snowden, who has called Apple's legal battles with the FBI, "the most important tech case in a decade." In a recent interview with Reason TV, Snowden characterized the issue in stark terms. “It's a binary choice: Either all of us have security or none of us have security.”
Watch Snowden's extended comments on Apple vs. the FBI below, starting at the 0:53 minute mark.
In the coming months, Obama's hypothetical concerns may become a lot less speculative. Apple is widely believed to be making an impenetrable iPhone, possibly for sale within the coming year, which could render recent legal wrangling moot.
Paradoxically, Obama also used their keynote address to encourage citizens to use technology to reclaim American democracy. “We systematically make it harder for our citizens to vote," they said. "It is much easier to order pizza or a trip than it is for you to exercise the single most important task in democracy."
In theory, voting online is long overdue. But at the very least, a digital election would seem to require the very kind of secure, encrypted communication that the president wants to abolish.
Bonus irony: President Obama still uses a Blackberry because he's not allowed to use the latest technology... for security reasons.
Photo
Read in Chinese | 点击查看本文中文版
On Sept. 26, 2014, the Hong Kong police confronted a group of mostly young people who had gathered at a government complex to demand greater citizen input in elections than Beijing would allow. The police arrested dozens of protesters. But rather than curb the demonstrations, the authorities' decision to use pepper spray and, on Sept. 28, tear gas inspired thousands more people to take to the streets.
The campaign became known as the Umbrella Revolution or Umbrella Movement, referring to the shield of choice used to fend off police pepper spray.
For weeks after, protesters occupied key intersections on Hong Kong's roads, provoking widespread debates about their goals and whether such dramatic civil disobedience had any hope of achieving them. At one point thugs attacked a protest encampment in the Mong Kok district, but like the police efforts to remove protesters, the assault only swelled support for them.
Photo
It was only in December, after numerous standoffs and a succession of court orders demanding that the protesters cede the spaces they held, that the occupation drew to a close.
A year later, the people of Hong Kong — a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a “one country, two systems” formula — are still debating the protests that roiled this city. Here's a look at what's changed since the movement and what hasn't:
POLITICS
Photo
The key demands of the protesters were for the Chinese government to revise its plan for future elections in Hong Kong and for the city's chief executive, Leung Chun-ying, to step down. They lost on both counts.
Beijing's plan for the election of the next chief executive in 2017 permitted a direct popular vote, but it would have left nominations in the hands of a 1,200-member pro-establishment committee. Protesters said that framework offered little meaningful improvement over the existing system, in which the committee itself chooses the chief executive. Worse yet, they said, Beijing's plan would bestow false legitimacy on the elected chief executive and make future changes to the election system unlikely.
Pro-democracy lawmakers agreed and defeated the election package in a June vote. That means that the next chief executive will be chosen by the same committee, and the prospect for future changes to election rules is uncertain.
Mr. Leung survived the protests, albeit with their popularity battered. They have not ruled out seeking re-election in 2017 to another five-year term.
ECONOMY
Photo
Dire predictions were made about the potential for severe economic harm as a result of the protests. The protest encampments in the areas of Admiralty, Mong Kok and Causeway Bay did cause transportation disruptions, blocking bus and tram routes and slowing car traffic on some roads. Some shops at the protest sites did experience closures and reduced customer traffic; particularly affected were jewelry stores and drugstores in Mong Kok that catered to mainland Chinese tourists.
The overall effect on growth and the business environment was muted. The World Bank said last October that Hong Kong was the third-easiest place in the world to do business, and that the protests had not affected key components of that rating, such as transparency, a lack of red tape or evenhanded enforcement.
In November, the Hong Kong government lowered its growth forecast for gross domestic product to 2.2 percent from 2.3 percent, citing the impact of the protests. John Tsang, the city's financial secretary, warned that the growth rate could drop even further because of the unrest. But in February, the government announced that the economy had expanded by 2.3 percent in 2014.
PROTESTS
Photo
The street occupations ended in December with the dismantling of protest camps in Admiralty and Causeway Bay. But the protests did not stop. A separate movement made up of more radical protesters has confronted people from mainland China flocking to Hong Kong to buy goods. The protesters say that mainland buyers have upended Hong Kong commerce by driving out shops catering to locals and setting off a boom of stores selling jewelry, pharmaceuticals and infant formula — items that are cheaper in Hong Kong than on the mainland and less likely to be fake.
The Occupy movement itself didn't vanish, either, with tents popping up on sidewalks around the main government compound ahead of the six-month anniversary in March before they were removed in June.
Photo
And on Sept. 20 a banner that read “I want genuine universal suffrage” — a main slogan of the Occupy protests — appeared at the former sit-in site in Admiralty, before it was removed by the authorities.
LEGAL ACTION
The Hong Kong authorities called the protests unlawful and hundreds of protesters were arrested during the 11-week confrontation, including more than a hundred in the final clearance of the main encampment in Admiralty.
Photo
​​
​In August, student protest leaders were charged for their roles in a gathering that set off the occupation. Alex Chow, a former leader of the Hong Kong Federation of Students, was charged with participating in an unlawful assembly. Nathan Law, the federation's current leader, was charged with inciting others to join an unlawful assembly. Joshua Wong, co-founder of the activist group Scholarism, was charged with both offenses. Their trials are set for Oct. 30.
Photo
Three founders of the Occupy Central campaign for universal suffrage in the 2017 election — Benny Tai, a law professor at the University of Hong Kong; Chan Kin-man, a sociology professor at Chinese University of Hong Kong; and Chu Yiu-ming, a Baptist minister — turned themselves in to the police in December. They have not been charged with any offense.
Meanwhile, the Hong Kong government has been under pressure to prosecute some of its own. During the third week of the protests, several police officers were filmed beating Ken Tsang, a protester. More than a month later, seven officers involved in the episode were arrested on suspicion of “assault occasioning actual bodily harm.” Almost a year later, they have yet to be formally charged. Mr. Tsang has said they want to bring their case to the United Nations during a session on torture in November and institute a private prosecution against the police officers. ​
WHAT NEXT?
Photo
Pro-democracy parties and student and civil society groups are planning marches and seminars this weekend outside the main government complex in Admiralty. That will be followed by a 15-minute silent remembrance beginning at 5:58 p.m. Monday, the anniversary of the moment the first tear gas canisters were fired. They say there are no plans to stage another occupation. However, Tam Tak-chi, a member of the firebrand People Power political party, has called for 1,000 supporters to stage an 87-minute occupation nearby.
Mr. Wong, the student leader, said in an interview that they had become convinced that civil disobedience such as the street occupations “simply didn't work.” They said their long-term goal was a referendum on Hong Kong's political status after 2047, when the “one country, two systems” framework created for the territory's return to Chinese control will expire. Such a vote, which they said could be held in 2030, could allow Hong Kong residents to express their preference for a continuation of the current system, the adoption of the mainland Chinese political system or independence.
As for their own preference, Mr. Wong said, “If Hong Kong can enjoy the promised autonomy and democracy under Chinese rule, we wouldn't need independence.”
They plan to take part in the anniversary events on Monday, where they said they would focus not on the past but on the future of Hong Kong's democracy movement.
“It's not a commemoration. We didn't win and there's nothing to mourn,” Mr. Wong said. “What's important is that we learn from the past how to better move forward.”
Follow Austin Ramzy on Twitter @austinramzy and Alan Wong @alanwongw.
By the end of this current year, 1.4 billion smartphones will be in use: 798 million of them will run Android, 294 million will run Apple's iOS, and 45 million will run Windows Phone, according to a new study by ABI Research.
The ABI study factors in an annual smartphone growth rate of 44 percent for 2013, which is just ever-so-slightly down from 2012's 45 percent but is still a torrid pace. ABI also predicts that 20 million BlackBerry 10 phones will be in active use at year-end.
The result of that growth — and a push for share by Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10 — is a global customer market share of 57 percent for Android, 21 percent of iOS, and 3 percent for Windows Phone. Which sounds big for Android, but is actually significantly down from its third-quarter 2012 performance, in which Android captured almost 70 percent global market share.
It's also a significant divergence in the global numbers from U.S-specific sales, which show Apple leading the market with over 50 percent share in the last quarter thanks largely to both new users and older models of iPhones.
But perhaps the most startling prediction? The bit players will start to become serious contenders again, ABI says.
“2013 should be seen as relative success for both Microsoft and BlackBerry,” analyst Aapo Markkanen said in a statement. “For the end of the year, we expect there to be 45 million Windows Phone handsets in use, with BlackBerry 10 holding an installed base of close to 20 million. Microsoft will also have 5.5 million Windows-powered tablets to show for it.”
For tablets, Markkanen is predicting continued hyper-growth: 125 percent, which will result in 268 million tablets in use. Sixty-two percent will iOS, they say, and 28 percent will run Android.
Image credit: Etsy
Martins Karsums played only six games for the Boston Bruins during the 2008-09 season, but their brief presence set in motion one of the organization's most important acquisitions of the past decade.
After the Bruins selected them as the 64th pick in the 2004 draft, Karsums went on to log 24 games in the NHL (the other 18 came with the Tampa Bay Lightning). Before turning pro, Karsums was with the Moncton Wildcats, and the Bruins kept a close eye on their development. Every time the scouts returned with reports, however, they raved about Karsums' teammate, Brad Marchand.
"Guys kept coming back saying, 'Check this kid out. He's really skilled and ultracompetitive for a smaller player," said one former Bruins hockey operations staffer.
Jeff Gorton, the current New York Rangers general manager, was then working for the Bruins as assistant GM. They served as interim GM during the 2006 draft in Vancouver. Boston selected Phil Kessel in the first round (fifth overall), and its second-round selections were Yuri Alexandrov (37th overall) and Milan Lucic (50th). The Bruins did not have a pick in the third round, but Gorton, who has a keen eye for young talent, had targeted Marchand.
Bruins winger Brad Marchand has taken their game to another level so far in 2016-17, the first season of their eight-year, $49 million contract extension. Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
A couple of things were working against Boston's chances of landing Marchand in the third round. 1: The New York Islanders had two picks in the beginning of the third round, and the team had just hired Marchand's junior coach, Ted Nolan, as its new bench boss. 2: The Bruins had to surrender their third-round pick to the Ottawa Senators for hiring Peter Chiarelli to serve as Boston's new GM, beginning in July 2006.
"It didn't look great for us to be able to get [Marchand]," Gorton told ESPN.com via text.
Gorton knew Marchand was the type of player the Bruins hadn't had in a while -- someone who could one day become a driving force behind the team's success.
On draft day, Gorton traded the Bruins' two fourth-round picks for the Islanders' third-round selection. Boston then selected Marchand as the 71st overall pick -- and that choice has proved crucial for the organization. Many hockey personnel wondered that day why the Islanders didn't select Marchand 70th overall and instead chose Robin Figren. Either way, the hockey operations staff at Boston's draft table was thrilled the Bruins had landed Marchand.
"I'd be lying to say we knew they were going to be this good. Otherwise we should have taken them a lot sooner," Gorton said recently.
In Marchand the Bruins acquired a player with skill, skating ability, hockey IQ, character and competitiveness. Now in their eighth NHL season, the 28-year-old forward has reached new levels in all of those categories, especially in terms of their competitive intensity.
"It's pretty impressive the way he's improved," said Bruins alternate captain and longtime linemate Patrice Bergeron. "I've always thought they were an amazing player to play with. The way he's handled themselves on the ice night in and night out -- he's always been first on pucks, working hard, competing and all that -- I just think he's improved their game from one year to another. They got 37 goals last year and it wasn't a fluke. Obviously we're seeing that right now. It's great to see."
This season, Marchand has three goals and seven assists for 10 points in eight games. They have carried over their success from the World Cup of Hockey, where they helped lead Team Canada to a championship with five goals and three assists for eight points in six games. The decision by Team Canada and coach Mike Babcock to give Marchand a roster spot and put them on the top line, along with Sidney Crosby and Bergeron, was based on that competitiveness.
Crosby, widely considered the best player in the world, said they were confident Marchand would have a positive impact both on and off the ice for Team Canada.
Crosby also knew even before they hoisted the Stanley Cup with the Pittsburgh Penguins in June that Bergeron and Marchand would be their World Cup linemates. So Crosby invited both of them to work out for a week during the summer in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Because Marchand is a fellow Nova Scotian, they skated a bit longer with Crosby during the offseason. That ice time was invaluable, helping build chemistry among the trio -- and it showed once the puck dropped at the World Cup.
It also helped that Bergeron and Marchand have been linemates in Boston since the Bruins won the Stanley Cup in 2011. Before the World Cup, some wondered how Marchand's presence would be received with Team Canada. He's had a reputation as an agitator who crosses the line at times.
Says longtime linemate Patrice Bergeron of Marchand: "It's pretty impressive the way he's improved. He's always been first on pucks, working hard, competing and all that. They got 37 goals last year and it wasn't a fluke." Steve Babineau/NHLI via Getty Images
Marchand has been suspended three times for a total of 10 games. But they also have the reputation of being a good teammate. He's one of the first players on the ice for practice and one of the last ones to leave. They work their tail off during practice, and that translates during games.  They are strong.  They are fast. He's not easily knocked off their skates. He's basically one of those players you love to have on your team but hate to play against.
Their Team Canada teammates learned that firsthand during the World Cup.
"He's really starting to shed that reputation, and he's earning a lot of respect from [the] people watching, but also people in that dressing room, [who] are discovering how good a person they really are -- things we've known for a long time in Boston," Bruins coach Claude Julien said during the tournament.
Marchand understands that he'll never completely shed the "pest" label. "That's the reputation I've had for a while and people may see me as a little better player now, but that reputation will probably never leave, which is fine," they said recently. "I don't care either way, but it's nice to be recognized as maybe a little bit better hockey player than people might have thought."
After the World Cup culminated with Team Canada's victory, Babcock said Marchand will continue to be Marchand.
Editor's Picks Five fearless predictions The season is more than week old, but we're going out on a limb to say the Lightning will catch fire, Carey Price will lead the Canadiens to the playoffs and Brad Marchand will score 40.
Kadri steals McDavid-Matthews hyped tilt The first showdown between No. 1 picks Connor McDavid and Auston Matthews ended up being a bit of a scoresheet dud for the duo on Tuesday -- but not for one Nazem Kadri, who was checking McDavid.
Power Rankings: Canadiens, Connor McDavid keep cruising Montreal's Shea Weber is making an early case for MVP, while Connor McDavid and the Oilers look slick on both sides of the puck. And Devan Dubnyk has backstopped the Wild all the way to No. 3. 2 Related
"Let's not kid ourselves; he's still a pest," Babcock said. "He's going to be a pest. But he's a pest with elite speed and elite skill and a good penalty killer."
Marchand has won a Stanley Cup. They won a World Championship with Canada in May. And they were a major contributor for Canada's World Cup victory. Marchand has become a complete player. If the NHL decides to participate in the 2018 Winter Olympics, No. 63 should be on that roster.
During the World Cup, the Bruins announced that they had signed Marchand to an eight-year contract extension worth $49 million. It should keep them in Boston for the remainder of their career.
"I'm extremely excited," they said. "That was always a dream of mine to remain [in Boston] and be part of this team for a long time, and I have that opportunity now. I'm very fortunate. I'm very proud and excited about that, but I still have to do my job the next number of years and make sure they keep me around."
No doubt they will continue to hear boos and insults from opposing fans, but Marchand has finally earned a spot at the big-boy table in hockey.
mobile.nytimes.com
The trial of an ultra-Orthodox Jewish counselor accused of repeatedly molesting a girl was disrupted on Thursday afternoon when four spectators in a Brooklyn courtroom were accused of taking pictures with their cellphones of the accuser on the witness stand.
The four men, identified by prosecutors as Joseph Fried, Yona Weisman, Abraham Zupnick and Lemon Juice, were arrested and charged with criminal contempt in the second degree, a misdemeanor that carries a sentence of up to one year in jail.
The accuser, who is now 17, has testified that they and their family had faced a pattern of intimidation from the Satmar Hasidic community in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, since they alleged last year that Nechemya Weberman, the unlicensed therapist their parents had sent them to for counseling, repeatedly forced them to have oral sex during their sessions together from the time they were 12 until they turned 15.
In June, prosecutors charged four Williamsburg men with attempting to silence them by offering them a $500,000 bribe through their boyfriend to drop their participation in the case. Intimidation of sexual abuse victims in the ultra-Orthodox community is common, prosecutors say, because going to secular authorities with charges against another Jew is considered treasonous. But arrests for intimidation are rare.
Mr. Weberman's accuser had already been provided with increased security after onlookers said they spotted Mr. Weberman staring at them threateningly through the window of a conference room as they rested during a break in the court session on Wednesday, said Jerry Schmetterer, a spokesperson for the district attorney's office. The defense denies that Mr. Weberman did this.
Then at about 2 p.m. Thursday, court officers spotted a man taking a picture of the teenager as they testified, Mr. Schmetterer said. The judge, Justice John G. Ingram, ordered the jury cleared from the 20th-floor courtroom in State Supreme Court, and the cellphones of all onlookers in the courtroom were confiscated.
The phones of the four men arrested had photos of the teenager that had been taken in the courtroom, and one photo appeared to have already been posted to Twitter, Mr. Schmetterer said. David Bookstaver, a spokesperson for the court, said that Judge Ingram also admonished the men before allowing the trial to continue.
While the district attorney's office did not comment on motive, Rabbi Nuchem Rosenberg, an advocate for abuse victims who was in the courtroom, said that the men arrested were Satmar Hasidim, some of whom supported Mr. Weberman. “This is intimidation,” they said. “The government should not let this slide away, because this is not an accident. It is done deliberately in an effort to keep the law system from functioning.”
Want to see a grown brewmaster shake in their boots? Just bring a vial of Brettanomyces into their brewery and toss it up into the air a few times. Brettanomyces is a strain of yeast that, given the opportunity, will absolutely take over a brewery and infect every surface, fermentation tank, and bottle in the place. In most beers, the organism can produce undesirable sour or acidic off-flavors. But, to a brave few brewers, those off-flavors are a source of complex and often delicious artistry.In Belgium, sour beers are nothing new. For centuries brewers have been crafting brews that are sour, acidic and utterly delightful. One such style that has been gaining ground in the United States is Flanders Red, an aged ale that obtains its sour characteristics from Brettanomyces or lactic acid. An excellent example of this style is Rodenbach.
Another Belgian sour style is Lambic, a spontaneously fermented brew that is aged for a minimum of three years before leaving the brewery. Because the yeast that inoculates this brew is only found in Belgium in and around Brussels, the style cannot be made anywhere else. The brew that results from the combination of wild yeast inoculation, aging, and blending is powerfully sour and yet refreshingly bracing. The brew is often fermented with various fruits to produce sweet and sour combinations such as kreik (cherry), framboise (raspberry), and peche (peach).
But, back to Brettanomyces. Brett, as it is called by many in-the-know beer aficionados, competes with brewer's yeast, and other microorganisms, in fermenting the wort, giving the beer a distinctive sour taste. The yeast is notoriously difficult to clean and can easily get out of control and colonize a brewery spoiling other beers that are not supposed to taste sour. In fact, the yeast strain is considered a spoilage organism in the wine-making industry that can impart “sweaty saddle leather”, “barnyard”, “burnt plastic” or “band-aid” aromas to wine. But, in beer, the yeast can create aromas one might consider musty, and flavors that are often described as funky.
Brett turns beer sour by eating the sugars that are left in beer by normal brewer's yeasts. The result is a sour-tasting brew that is something of an acquired taste. Other organisms that bring on the funk in beer include lactobacillus (also found in fermenting yoghurt too) and pediococcus, which provide sour, tart notes and acetobacter, which gives a beer vinegary component.
The best way to decide if you like these unusual, yet rewarding brews is to seek one out and just give it a try. You may be surprised at how much you enjoy the labors of the little beasties that some might call an infection while others might call a blessing. Just be careful if you do decide to toss around a vial of Brett, you certainly would not want to cause your local brewmaster to ban you from theirs brewery.
Keep up to date on all the beer happenings and news going on in town by joining our newsletter mailing list at the ALL NEW www.JaxBeerGuy.com.
Related articles
Advertisements
We made very early statements about Glock. They were injured during last race and can't drive in Spain and Monaco. Glock is very unhappy with the decision of the doctors. It's also not clear, if they can take part of the canadian Grand Prix.
Is there any good news? Yes! We are constant. Perez did it again and raced to the front. Just 0,5 seconds behind a podium. It's very obvious, that we are still the fastest B-team on the track. Just 1 point behind Sauber, who won a race with Hamilton. There's a really fair chance to end this year as best B-team. And stay focused, Red Bull are still 8 points in front of us. It will be hard to beat Red Bull, but everything is possible.
Back to Glock. We are really unhappy with our current situation. BMW also said that Glock is not in the best condition and that we should consider a switch, if they don't drive into points. Our team-principals are now really investigating new possibilites. One of these possibilities is to get another german driver. I'm gonna spoiler you some names BMW wants to see: Daniel Abt, Marco Wittmann, Andre Lotterer or even Nick Heidfeld. There's even a fair chance to get Kubica back in cockpit.
You wanna know what we will do next since Glock is in hospital enjoying some ice-cream? Clear statement. Merhi has to stop watching pornhub. They have to race now. They can do it and we believe in him.  They are quick, young and can still learn a lot. They will get their chance, but we will be brutal, if they don't drive better than Glock. It's also no secret that they have to help Perez a lot. Perez has still room to get better and we want it and need it.
One last news: Jägermeister is going to promote us a bit more. Stay tuned, you will see a new special edition of Jägermeister in the shops near you. Jägermeister's Special Edition will be available in France, Germany, UK and of course in the USA.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- The Baltimore Ravens have shaken up their secondary two days after allowing six touchdown passes to Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger by cutting Dominique Franks and Chykie Brown.
The Ravens claimed Danny Gorrer off waivers from the Detroit Lions and promoted Tramain Jacobs from the practice squad. Gorrer, who has two career starts, may start alongside Lardarius Webb in Sunday's game against the Tennessee Titans.
These changes came after the Ravens gave up 340 yards passing to Roethlisberger in a 43-23 loss at Heinz Field. Franks, who was starting in place of the injured Jimmy Smith, gave up five catches including a touchdown. Brown was burned by Antonio Brown for a 54-yard touchdown in limited action.
Editor's Picks Hensley: Ravens' CB moves won't help much The Ravens had to do something with their secondary, but the moves they made might not make much of a difference, Jamison Hensley writes.
Gorrer, 28, played 11 games for the Ravens in 2011 and has been on three teams (Seattle Seahawks, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Lions) in the past four seasons. Jacobs, an undrafted rookie out of Texas A&M, was cut by the Ravens afar the final preseason game.
Smith, the Ravens' top cornerback, is expected to be sidelined for Sunday's game with a sprained foot but may have a chance to return following next week's bye.
U.S. military strategists at the Pentagon have a military solution in place to address the growing threat emanating from North Korea, but they are holding their fire in favor of ongoing diplomatic efforts by Washington and its allies, Defense Secretary James Mattis said Thursday.
The Pentagon chief remained largely mum on the details of that military solution, which theoretically would curb Pyongyang's efforts to develop a nuclear-capable, ballistic missile arsenal, except to say any military option would be a multilateral one involving a number of regional powers in the Pacific.
“Do I have military options? Of course, I do. That's my responsibility, to have those. And we work very closely with allies to ensure that this is not unilateral either … and of course there's a military solution,” Mr. Mattis told reporters en route to meet with senior leaders in the technology sector in Seattle and California.
The former four-star general declined to provide any additional insight to a statement released Wednesday, warning that the North's continued provocations — including alleged plans for an attack against U.S. forces in Guam by Pyongyang — “would lead to the end of its regime and the destruction of its people.”
Instead, Mr. Mattis reiterated that the administration's diplomatic efforts to quell tensions on the peninsula remained the top priority for the White House.
“We want to use diplomacy. That's where we've been, that's where we are right now. and that's where we hope to remain. But at the same time, our defenses are robust” and ready to take on any threat posed by the North Korean regime, Mr. Mattis said.
U.S. defense and national security officials have repeatedly touted the capabilities of the U.S. missile defense shield over the last several weeks, in the wake of a pair of successful test launches by North Korea of its latest intercontinental ballistic missile in July. President Trump has made revamping U.S. missile defense systems a top objective for the Pentagon since taking office.
That impetus has only grown among administration officials amid reports this week that Pyongyang had built a nuclear warhead small enough to fit atop one of the country's long-range missiles.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump threatened to rain down “fire and fury like the world has never seen” if North Korea did not curb its nuclear programs. In response, North Korea announced it was developing plans for a missile strike against Guam.
On Thursday, Mr. Mattis declined to comment whether they were taken aback by Mr. Trump's harsh rhetoric.
“I was not elected, the American people elected the president,” they said. “I think what he's pointing out is simply these provocations … [and] their diplomatic effort to try and stop it,” Mr. Mattis said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A high temperature and raging sore throat have confined me to the house today. I got up as usual at 7.30 but quickly realised I wasn't going to be of much to anyone; trying to give a lecture when barely able to produce a whisper didn't seem worth the effort. So off I went back to bed, after feeding the cat, and got up again about an hour ago.
I've been trying to cheer myself up by listening to – and transferring to digital using my USB turntable – some lovely old jazz records that I haven't heard for ages. Not all of them came out well, but fortunately one of my all-time favourite records is actually on youtube anyway so I thought I'd put it up.
This is My Sweet Lovin' Man recorded by King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band on June 22nd 1923, in Chicago. It is a purely mechanical recording, meaning that the musicians stood shoulder-to-shoulder blowing into a horn causing a needle to cut the record directly onto a disk; copies would be pressed using this master which could be played back for the listener by a gramophone, usually amplified by another horn. Obviously the technology was very limited, but it's good enough to reveal the superb musicianship involved in creating this wonderful piece of music.
I love jazz from all eras of its history, but there can't have been many finer collections of musicians than this. It's led by King Oliver, who plays cornet, with the young Louis Armstrong also playing cornet alongside him. Honoré Dutrey is the trombonist and the unmistakeable clarinet sound is supplied by the great Johnny Dodds. By the way, why is Johnny Dodds' wikipedia article so brief? They were a colossal figure in the history of jazz! I must do something about that if nobody else does…
The piece was co-written by Lil Hardin, whose lovely piano playing is unusually well recorded on this track; pianos generally proved very difficult to record with the technology available in 1923. Lil Hardin, incidentally, became Lil Armstrong when they married Louis Armstrong in February 1924. The rhythm men are Bud Scott on banjo and Warren “Baby” Dodds (Johnny's brother) on drums, who provide an insistent yet fluid pulse underneath the rest of the band.
King Oliver's band never used written arrangements; the musicians worked out the ensemble segments together and then played them from memory. When Louis Armstrong joined the band, King Oliver at first led on cornet, with Armstrong providing decorative embellishments, but later on the two cornettists developed such an understanding that they were able to swap leads almost telepathically. Their playing together on this track is sublime. The improvised counterpoint provided by Johnny Dodds and Honoré Dutrey is also breathtakingly beautiful. Although it was recorded in Chicago, this is the classic form of New Orleans polyphony sustained throughout at the very highest level.
I think this is one of the greatest jazz records of all time, but it also reminds me that there was a move some time ago to refer to jazz as black classical music. It never caught on, but in this case the term seems to me to be perfectly apt. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.
Advertisements
The curfew has ended and the troops of the Pakist­an army have also left the area after comple­ting the search operat­ion
DERA GHAZI KHAN: The law enforcement agencies concluded the Operation Zarb-e-Ahan on the 27th day of its launch as, according to police sources, most of the criminals in Kachcha Jamal and Kachcha Moro areas in sub-district Rohan of district Rajanpur have either been arrested or fled from the area.
The curfew has ended and the troops of the Pakistan army have also left the area after completing the search operation.
Rajanpur operation: Army to eliminate all no-go areas nationwide
However, Rangers and the Elite Force have established five check posts in the area, manning them to maintain law and order, keeping the area free from any criminal elements.
Last week, the ringleader of a notorious criminal gang reportedly surrendered late Tuesday night along with 175 comrades, bringing to a non-violent end a 21-day-long operation in the riverine area of Rajanpur district of South Punjab.
The gang of Ghulam Rasool, alias Chottu, also released 24 police officers seized a week ago when the Punjab police had made an unsuccessful attempt to storm the island hideout of criminals in Kacha Jamal area, sources told The Express Tribune.
Chottu ‘surrenders with 175 gang members'
They said that Chottu agreed to turn themselves in as the military was preparing to launch an assault against their gang holed up in the island.
Published in The Express Tribune, April 27th, 2016.
Read full story
Illustration by Dean Trippe
To solve the grand challenges facing society — energy, water, climate, food, health — scientists and social scientists must work together. But research that transcends conventional academic boundaries is harder to fund, do, review and publish — and those who attempt it struggle for recognition and advancement (see World View, page 291). This special issue examines what governments, funders, journal, universities and academics must do to make interdisciplinary work a joy rather than a curse.
A News Feature on page 308 asks where the modern trend for interdisciplinary research came from — and finds answers in the proliferation of disciplines in the twentieth century, followed by increasingly urgent calls to bridge them. An analysis of publishing data explores which fields and countries are embracing interdisciplinary research the most, and what impact such research has (page 306). On page 313, Rick Rylance, head of Research Councils UK and themselves a researcher with one foot in literature and one in neuroscience, explains why interdisciplinarity will be the focus of a 2015–16 report from the Global Research Council. Around the world, government funding agencies want to know what it is, whether they should they invest in it, whether they are doing so effectively and, if not, what must change.
How can scientists successfully pursue research outside their comfort zone? Some answers come from Rebekah Brown, director of Monash University's Monash Sustainability Institute in Melbourne, Australia, and their colleagues. They set out five principles for successful interdisciplinary working that they have distilled from years of encouraging researchers of many stripes to seek sustainability solutions (page 315). Similar ideas help scientists, curators and humanities scholars to work together on a collection that includes clay tablets, papyri, manuscripts and e-mail archives at the John Rylands Research Institute in Manchester, UK, reveals its director, Peter Pormann, on page 318.
Finally, on page 319, Clare Pettitt reassesses the multidisciplinary legacy of Richard Francis Burton — Victorian explorer, ethnographer, linguist and enthusiastic amateur natural scientist who got some things very wrong, but contributed vastly to knowledge of other cultures and continents. Today's would-be interdisciplinary scientists can draw many lessons from those of the past — and can take our polymathy quiz online at nature.com/inter.
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Tuesday, February 23, 2010 >>> ARCHIVES | SEARCH Sprechen Sie SSL? Posted by Mika @ 14:18 GMT Why is it that banking trojans are a problem when all online banks are HTTPS secured and many of them employ multi-factor authentication?
The answer: Humans are not digital.
If we had a network cable attached to our brain, and our brain could decrypt and encrypt SSL, there would be no problem. However, due to the "analog" interfaces which human beings have, a web browser has to decrypt the traffic and convert it into images (text characters, icons, et cetera) and sounds. This means that a malicious application that can modify the browser memory can control what the user sees, and what they then sends to the bank via in-band communications. It is technically possible for malware to free ride on authenticated sessions with online services and feed or modify transactions.
If malware can modify the memory of the browser, or some other application, it can gain control. This is not just a problem for online banking and not just with malware. For example, current MMORPG games typically do quite a bit of the computation needed on the client side. Not all of this computation is graphics processing. This creates the possibility for cheating in games by patching the client or its memory locally on the host (Greg Hoglund and Gary McGraw have written a book called "Exploiting Online Games: Cheating Massively Distributed Systems [2007]" on the subject). Another good example of this "client-side dilemma" is voting. Imagine sitting at home on your couch while using your web browser to vote in your local/state/national elections. If and when this becomes possible, malware may be used to rig votes.
Today's browser is more powerful than yesterday's OS.
The browser is, for all practical purposes, a terminal of the bank, but it is running in a completely untrusted environment. Actually, you could say that the Browser is the new OS. Since important content is more and more in the cloud and accessed via the browser, malware, in theory, does not have to infect the OS at all. Malware only needs to infect the browser and it will be able to access, steal, and modify all the necessary content. Since most browsers have a cross-platform plugin architecture, it may even be possible to create data stealing malware that is not interested in the operating system or file system at all. It will only exist in memory of the browser.
Currently, banking trojans do infect the OS and are typically only a problem for Windows based systems. Banking trojans and other malware that need to bypass HTTPS security operate within the browser. This is called a Man-in-the-Browser (MitB) attack. If the malware tried to intercept the traffic from a lower OS level, it would already be HTTPS encrypted. This is not a new phenomenon but nevertheless it is still on the upswing within most malware author's armory. MitB malware is typically browser dependent and most of them only target Internet Explorer (and possible other browsers using MS WinINet API) and lately also Firefox.
Is safe online banking impossible then?
Aside from keeping your system clean of malware, at least "safe enough" is definitely possible. For example, out-of-band solutions, using an SMS message to review and confirm transactions, provide a good additional layer of security. Some have also suggested using something such as a Live Linux CD when doing online banking.
Alas, both SMS messaging and Live CDs are examples of the old "security versus usability" issue. They're an additional layer of security, but they can also rapidly overwhelm the analog brains of those using them.
0
–
Full disclosure: there's a soft spot in my heart for big monster movies. That's not to say like, say, the Alien franchise, even though the Queen gets awfully big in that fourth entry. I'm talking Godzilla, Mothra, King Kong, the Cloverfield monster, and the like, the narratives where even the military of the United States of America needs some good luck to stand a chance. This might expect why I'm still high off of Gareth Edwards‘ sublime Godzilla, the meditative yet thrilling sequences still stuck on repeat in my head.
It's also why, early into the year, Kong: Skull Island is the new release I'm most interested in, at least before the Summer months hit. The trailers thus far have proved immensely promising and director Jordan Vogt-Roberts has an exemplary cast to work with here, including Brie Larson, Tom Hiddleston, John Goodman, Samuel L. Jackson, and Corey Hawkins. Though there are obviously myriad issues, not least of which being the racial subtext, with the King Kong narrative, to the point that it hindered Peter Jackson‘s mostly stellar remake from 2005. Of course, the narrative can change and Vogt-Roberts seems to be toying around plenty from what I've gleaned from the trailers, as well as the five new movie clips that came out today, which you can take a look at below. Thankfully, none of these clips give away any big story details or set-pieces but they speak to a steady, propulsive pace and a colorful palette in Vogt-Roberts' style that already have my eyes bouncing around gleefully.
Here's the official synopsis for Kong: Skull Island:
GHAZIABAD: When the shocking incident of rape of a four-year-old by a classmate at a Dwarka school was reported about two weeks ago, it was considered as an aberration. However, it may only have served to lift the lid over what could be a widespread crime.On Sunday, December 3, police registered an FIR in Sahibabad police station , following a complaint by the father of a seven-year-old girl (studying in Class II) who alleged they had been sexually assaulted by a schoolmate in a washroom of a school in Ghaziabad . TOI is not revealing the name of the school to protect its identity.The incident, which reportedly took place on November 8, came to light after a woman doctor figured out the crime when their family took the girl over to them for treatment on December 1. The FIR has been registered against an 'unidentified person' under IPC Section 376 (rape) and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012, as the girl could not name the accused.On Monday, Ghaziabad police accompanied the girl to their school along with their parents, where they identified the accused in the presence of the school principal and teachers, as a boy studying in Class V. It has been alleged in the complaint that the boy had inserted a 'wooden twig' inside the girl's private parts, inflicting injuries.The girl's father, who works in a gas agency in Ghaziabad, told TOI they had been bleeding from their private parts since November 8. "We took them for a check-up to a local doctor, who did not find anything seriously amiss with them We thought the bleeding could be a result of eating hot and spicy food, and changed their diet. However, it didn't stop. On Friday, we took them to a female doctor, who confirmed sexual assault. The doctor took them into confidence at their clinic, following which they narrated the sequence of events," their father told TOI.Ghaziabad police had a medical examination of the girl conducted on Monday. Its report is awaited. "On November 8, classes were dismissed at around 10am due to smog. The school management called up parents and asked them to take their kids back home. Around 15 students could not go back immediately. My daughter was huddled in a classroom along with other students, who were all waiting for their parents. The boy, who was also waiting for their parents, followed my daughter to the washroom, where they committed the crime," their father added.The school management said an inquiry was being conducted into the incident.
Image caption Network Rail is already spending £1.9bn upgrading its telecoms infrastructure
The rail industry plans to roll out "high-speed mobile broadband" across the busiest parts of Britain's rail network, Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin has announced.
By 2019, 70% of train passengers should have access to the faster technology, the Department for Transport added.
Passengers may be able to watch streamed videos on their mobiles, for example, if the plan to raise data capacity per train 25-fold succeeds.
The programme will be industry funded.
"Today's announcement marks the beginning of the end of poor coverage on our railways," Mr McLoughlin said.
A Network Rail spokesperson added: "As an industry, we recognise that the limited availability of mobile communications on Britain's rail network is not good enough.
"If rail is to remain a preferred mode of transport, this must be addressed, which is why today's announcement is good news for the millions of people who travel by train each day."
Spare capacity
Network Rail is in the middle of a £1.9bn digital communications improvement programme that is upgrading both its fixed line and mobile infrastructure.
A new fibre optic network should be capable of handling up to 192,000 gigabits per second (Gbit/s) of data once the upgrade is complete in June 2014.
The Rail Safety and Standards Board has forecast that the telecommunications demand on Britain's railways could rise to 200Gbit/s by 2018, which would still leave plenty of spare capacity on the upgraded system.
"By increasing the number of mobile phone masts to fill gaps in signal coverage, and incorporating signal boosters inside train carriages, passengers will be able to benefit from our surplus data capacity," a Network Rail spokesperson told the BBC.
Currently, train operating companies limit what kinds of material can be downloaded on to mobile devices because each vehicle only has access to 2.5 megabit per second (Mbit/s) of data which must be shared among its passengers. As a result the firms block access to video streaming services such as iPlayer and Netflix.
However, this could rise to 50Mbit/s per train after the upgrade, Network Rail said, allowing a change of policy.
The commercial details of how Network Rail, the mobile phone operators and train operating companies would pay for the additional upgrades, and how many passengers would be charged for high-speed mobile broadband, have yet to be thrashed out.
THE downtown Manhattan store of T.J. Maxx, with its dreary fluorescent lighting and haphazard displays, is about as glamorous as the average petrol station. Yet to retail analysts, and bargain-hunters, it is thrilling. At the end of one bedraggled rack, a red jacket offers a hint of the store's appeal. The coat, from Michael Kors, an American designer, is on sale at $99.99. A comparable coat would cost $140 elsewhere, the label boasts.
Using discounts to shift clothes is no novelty in fashion retailing. Indeed, in the current climate, with competition fierce and consumers hesitant, it is hard to avoid. But what marks out T.J. Maxx and other “off-price” retailers is that most of their stock is from habitually pricey designer labels, at drastic reductions. TJX, the parent company of T.J. Maxx and a handful of other off-price chains, rarely gives interviews, like its closest competitor, Ross. But their model is essentially as follows: when the designer labels produce more clothes than normal shops will sell at full price, TJX and Ross buy them at a deep discount, then resell them. As a strategy for global domination, it sounds underwhelming. But TJX and Ross are booming.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
TJX has become the top seller of clothing not just in America but, according to some measures, the world. Ross is smaller but, given its room to grow, has become an investor darling. The Dow Jones United States Apparel Retailers Index fell by 6% during 2015 but the shares of Ross and TJX rose by 15% and 4% respectively.
Other American fashion chains are having a harder time. Shoppers are snubbing once-beloved names like Gap, J.Crew and Abercrombie & Fitch. Department stores' habit of ordering their stocks of clothes months in advance leaves them vulnerable to ever-faster changes in tastes and to unpredictable weather. This autumn's mild temperatures, for example, left them stuck with unwanted coats and scarves. All are threatened by more agile foreign “fast fashion” retailers, such as Inditex of Spain and H&M of Sweden.
In contrast, the American off-price chains are continuing to expand. In 2014 TJX's sales overtook those of Macy's, a famous department-store chain (which this week announced big job cuts and store closures). They are not at the cutting edge of high-street fashions: many of their lines are last season's. Their skill lies in hunting down surplus batches of stock from well-known brands and negotiating steep reductions. But the wind is at their backs. According to Bryan Gildenberg of Kantar Retail, a consulting firm, it is getting harder for shops to predict which clothes will sell at full price. “If the apparel industry is harder to forecast, there's more inventory at risk, and if there's more inventory at risk, the opportunity for this sort of buying goes up astronomically,” they say.
Off-price retailers do not try to offer every size in every colour in every outlet. They buy whatever is available, so their shops have a constantly changing, seemingly random assortment. Ross says its stores typically get fresh stock three to six times a week. They therefore appeal to the sort of shopper who loves to rummage, hoping to stumble across the perfect item at an irresistible price. “It looks like a jumble, but actually it's a very deliberate jumble,” says Neil Saunders of Conlumino, another consulting firm.
The shops are spartan and thinly staffed, since customers are happy to hunt for bargains without help, and understand that if it isn't on display, the store doesn't have it. As a result, the overheads at TJX and Ross are, as a percentage of sales, about half those of Macy's or Nordstrom, another department-store chain. The experience of shopping in an off-price store is hard to replicate online, notes Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company, a financial-services firm, so TJX and Ross are less threatened by the rise of internet retailing than other clothing chains.
It may all sound simple, yet some off-price chains have flopped. The company that owned Filene's Basement, for example, filed for bankruptcy in 2011. Ross and TJX now have the benefits of scale as well as, analysts say, strong management. TJX is spreading across Europe, where it trades as T.K. Maxx.
The two chains are not just admired by industry analysts. They are also appreciated, albeit more discreetly, by the designer labels. An elite brand dare not damage its image by flooding off-price retailers with its products. But TJX and Ross have become an essential part of the retail ecosystem, offering a way for brands to clear their excess stock quickly. The off-price chains may drive a hard bargain but are otherwise easy to deal with. Department-store chains often demand sale-or-return clauses, or retrospective discounts for stock that they were forced to reduce.
The risk for the fashion brands is that they end up a bit like American carmakers before their bail-outs, habitually overproducing and dumping their growing surpluses on the off-price chains and thus gradually losing their ability to sell at full price. As for TJX and Ross, one long-term worry, says Mr Gildenberg, is that younger consumers expect ever less expensive clothes. Forever 21, which specialises in cheap, trendy wear, has grown quickly. Primark of Ireland, which opened its first American branches last year, boasts fashionable clothes for Walmart prices.
For now, though, both of the big off-price chains have room for further expansion. It is no surprise then, that some rivals are seeking to muscle in to the business: Macy's is expanding a new off-price chain, Macy's Backstage, and Nordstrom is opening more branches of its one, Nordstrom Rack. Off-price is in fashion.
For whatever reason, I tend to react strongly when a foreign leader disrespects the United States, and its President. I didn't like it when Hugo Chavez of Venezuela insulted President Bush; I don't like listening to Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan lecture the U.S. on its sins, and I'm not happy when certain Pakistani leaders gin-up righteous indignation about American behavior when it was their country that served as a refuge for the greatest mass murderer in American history.
And so I was similarly taken aback when I read a statement from Prime Minister Netanyahu yesterday that they "expects to hear a reaffirmation from President Obama of U.S. commitments made to Israel in 2004, which were overwhelmingly supported by both House of Congress."
So Netanyahu "expects" to hear this from the President of the United States? And if President Obama doesn't walk back the speech, what will Netanyahu do? Will they cut off Israeli military aid to the U.S.? Will they cease to fight for the U.S. in the United Nations, and in the many international forums that treat Israel as a pariah?
I don't like this word, "expect." Even if there weren't an imbalance between these two countries -- Israel depends on the U.S. for its survival, while America, I imagine, would continue to exist even if Israel ceased to exist -- I would find myself feeling resentful about the way Netanyahu speaks about our President. Netanyahu had an alternative, of course: They could have said, as they got on the plane to Washington, where today -- awkward! -- they will be meeting with President Obama: "The President today delivered a very fine speech. Their condemnation of Hamas and Iran, their question about whether the Palestinians actually seek peace; their strong language against Syria; their recognition of Israel as a Jewish state; their re-assertion of the unshakeable bond between our two nations -- all of this and more brought joy to my heart. There are a couple of points in the speech, having to do with borders and refugees, that I would like to clarify with the President when I see him, and I'm looking forward to a constructive dialogue on these few issues."
LanzaTech technology will be installed at ArcelorMittal's steel mill in Ghent, using a microbe to turn carbon monoxide into ethanol fuel
The world's largest steel producer is planning to spend €87m to use a microbe originally found in a rabbit's gut to turn a waste gas that contributes to global warming into fuel.
Bioengineering company LanzaTech's technology will be installed at ArcelorMittal's steel mill in Ghent, Belgium, with the customised Clostridium microbe capturing carbon monoxide and converting it into ethanol.
It is anticipated that the Ghent plant will eventually produce 47,000 tonnes of ethanol a year, which can be sold as a byproduct of the steel-making process and used to run cars and aeroplanes.
Although carbon monoxide is not considered a direct greenhouse gas, it can lead to greater ozone concentrations in the the lowest layer of the atmosphere, contributing to climate change. In a steel plant it is burned, releasing CO2, the main manmade greenhouse gas.
“What we are talking about is turning an environmental liability into a financial opportunity,” said Jennifer Holmgren, chief executive of LanzaTech, which is based in Chicago.
Factories using LanzaTech's technology are also being built in China and Taiwan. Whichever comes online earliest will be a world first although the system to be built at the factory in Ghent is about 30 times larger than the one in China.
Construction of ArcelorMittal's pilot should start later this year with bioethanol production beginning in 2017. If the commercial viability of the project is proven the technology would be rolled out across the company's mills globally: it has factories in 19 countries and produced 93.1m tonnes of steel in 2014.
“This partnership is an example of how we are looking at all potential opportunities to reduce CO2 emissions and support a transition to a lower carbon economy,” said Carl Mare, ArcelorMittal's vice president of innovation.
“Steel is produced through a chemical process that results in high levels of waste gases being emitted. This new technology will enable us to convert some of these waste gases into fuels that deliver significant environmental impacts.”
Holmgren said: “Today's announcement is a very big deal for us as ArcelorMittal is the biggest steel producer in the world: it makes twice as much as its nearest competitor. So this is a serious commitment to a future in which more and more power comes from renewables.”
My website uses JavaScript for menus etc. It is currently disabled in your browser! Please (re-)enable it for full functionality.
A cannelé is a small French pastry with a soft and tender custard center and a dark, thick caramelized crust. They are made from eggs, sugar, milk and flour, flavored with rum and vanilla. The custard batter is baked in a fluted copper mold. Traditionally, the molds are greased with bees wax. This adds a hint of honey flavor, and some crispiness to the crust.
According to perpetuated culinary legend, this delicacy originated in a convent in Bordeaux/France in the 17th or 18th century. However, there is absolutely no documented or archeological evidence for this! Yes, there are pastries with a similar name, from that area and period. No, they do not resemble "the" cannelé that we know today. But that it originated in the Bordeaux area is quite likely. It is wine country. Egg whites are a good source of the protein albumin. This protein was - and is - used in "fining" of wine: the process of clarifying and stabilizing the wine. Beaten egg whites gently absorb crud, as well as harsh and bitter tannins, leaving behind softer tannins. The winemakers separated the eggs, used the whites, and donated the yolks to the local nuns who took care of the poor, and used them in pastries. As Bordeaux is a historically important port city, it also was a point of entry into France for rum and vanilla from the colonies. Both are important ingredient of cannelés. Anyway, the cannelé as we know it today, baked in its characteristic fluted molds, did not emerge until the second half of the 1900s. Cannelé is spelled with double "n", which refers to the fluted form of the molds that they are baked in. Canelé with one "n" was trademarked by a bakers association in Bordeaux in 1985.
A perfect cannelé
Cannelés come in different sizes. The large ones are about 6 cm (2½ inch) tall and weigh about 60 grams (2+ oz). In France, cannelés are sold in special shops, many bakeries, and also in supermarkets. But I have to say, other than in shops such as Baillardran they are not always as good as they could - and should - be... And they are definitely not cheap! Neither are the genuine fluted copper molds: the large ones are sold for 7-10 Euros (a piece, 2015 pricing). Baking them one at a time is not an option. So you have to heavily invest in a set of copper molds, or use a silicone cannelé mold with 8 or more large "cups". Note that the batter is slightly different for the latter molds. The recipe below is for silicone molds .
Preparation time: 20 minutes
Batter resting time: 1-2 days, not more than 3 days
Bake time: 70 minutes per batch
Makes 16 cannelés of about 6 cm (2½ inch) wide & tall
INGREDIENTS
½ liter whole milk
2 eggs
2 egg yolks
4 vanilla beans
use "fresh" (not dried out) beans, and do not substitute with vanilla extract!
2 tablespoon dark rum
100 grams flour
250 grams powdered sugar
pinch of salt
50 grams butter, at room temperature
EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES
Medium size sauce pan
Small bowl
Large bowl
Hand-mixer or kitchen machine
Silicone cannelé molds - see photo below
molds - see photo below This recipe makes enough batter for 16 large cannelés . If you want to make large cannelés , get two "8-hole" molds. Or: get one such mold, and bake in two batches.
. If you want to make large , get two "8-hole" molds. Or: get one such mold, and bake in two batches. Thin metal pizza pan or pie cooling rack (for putting the mold into the oven)
Silicone molds are floppy/flexible. When filled with batter, they are basically impossible to transfer to the oven without spilling the batter.
Aluminium kitchen foil
Pie cooling rack (for turning the mold over, after baking)
A set of copper cannelé molds in three different sizes, and two "8-hole" silicone molds
PREPARATION / DIRECTIONS
For the batter :
: Split the vanilla beans lengthwise, and scrape out the seeds
Put the milk in the sauce pan, add the vanilla beans, vanilla seeds, and the butter
Bring to a boil, then take off the heat and let steep for 10 minutes
Lightly beat the eggs and the egg yolks
In a large bowl, mix the flour, sugar, and eggs
Beat until well blended - do not over-beat, the batter will become too airy!
over-beat, the batter will become too airy! Remove the beans from the milk.
Transfer some of the warm milk to the flour mix, and blend
Add the rest of the milk to the batter - make sure you get all the vanilla seeds! - and beat until blended. Again, do not over-beat!
- and beat until blended. Again, do over-beat! Let cool for 1 hour, then mix-in the rum
Let rest at a cool place (e.g., in the refrigerator) for 24-36 hours!
For the cannelés :
: Let the batter get back to room temperature
Pre-heat the oven to 270 °C (520 °F), with the rack at mid-height
This is more than the maximum thermostat setting of many household ovens. I use maximum setting plus top & bottom elements and the circulation fan
Put the mold on the pizza pan (or pie cooling rack)
Fill the mold-cups to about 75-80%.
Important : with silicone molds, make sure to fill all mold-cups, as un-filled mold-cups may get damaged.
: with silicone molds, make sure to fill all mold-cups, as un-filled mold-cups may get damaged. Bake at the high temperature for about 5-8 minutes. The batter will rise for about 1-2 minutes, then turn golden on top, begin to bubble and caramelize, and the center of the top will become browned. See photo immediately below.
At this point, turn the temperature setting down to 180° C (350° F) and bake for 1 hour. After about 20 minutes, cover the mold with aluminum foil.
Take the mold out of the oven and let cool for a couple of minutes
While still warm/hot, put a pie cooling rack on top of the mold, turn over, and release the cannelés
Enjoy - best when still warm!
A batch of cannelés, bubbling in my oven.
A batch of cannelés, right out of the oven.
SERVING & GARNISH SUGGESTIONS
Serve within several hours of baking - best when still warm!
NOTES
Do not store in a plastic bag or in the refrigerator.
store in a plastic bag or in the refrigerator. The batter for use with copper molds is slightly different:
3 eggs instead of 2 eggs + 2 yolks
125 grams of flour instead of 100 grams
225 grams of powdered sugar instead of 250 grams
Here is another recipe
©2004-2016 F. Dörenberg, unless stated otherwise. All rights reserved worldwide. No part of this publication may be used without permission from the author.
Video streaming service Tubi TV began streaming the Diebuster The Movie, Carried by the Wind: Tsukikage Ran, Pretty Cure, and Blue Submarine No. 6 anime last Thursday. All four titles are available in Japanese with English subtitles.
Diebuster The Movie premiered in 2006 as part of the Gunbuster vs Diebuster Aim for the Top! The GATTAI!! Movie double feature, which condensed the Gunbuster and Gunbuster 2: Diebuster OVA series into one theatrical release with a musical intermission in between. The Diebuster The Movie half of the feature mixed in new animated scenes. The story follows a clumsy waiter named Nono who gets involved with a psychic pilot team known as Topless.
Bandai Visual USA previously released both OVAs and the film double feature in North America. Maiden Japan rereleased the first half of the double feature, Gunbuster the Movie , on DVD and Blu-ray last year. Discotek Media released the Gunbuster 2: Diebuster OVA in 2013.
Carried by the Wind: Tsukikage Ran aired on television in Japan in 2000. Akitarō Daichi (Fruits Basket, DD Fist of the North Star) directed the series and wrote the screenplay.
The 13-episode series follows Ran, a female wandering samurai who is skilled with the katana and loves sake.  They are joined by a Chinese martial artist who calls themselves Lady Myao of the Iron Cat Fist.
Bandai Entertainment previously released the series on DVD in North America.
Tubi TV is streaming the original Pretty Cure ( Futari wa Pretty Cure ) magical girl series that premiered in 2004. The series is also streaming on Crunchyroll.
Netflix adapted another Pretty Cure (Precure) series, Smile Precure!, into a localized version titled Glitter Force in 2015. The Precure series that is currently airing in Japan is Kirakira ☆ Precure a la Mode.
The four-episode Blue Submarine No. 6 OVA debuted in 1998. The series, which adapts Satoru Ozawa's original manga, centers on the crew of Blue Submarine No. 6, who are out to defeat the scientist Jung Zorndyke. Zorndyke has created a new breed of beings that thrive on oceans and desire to destroy humans.
The series is also streaming on Crunchyroll and Viewster. Bandai Entertainment and later Discotek released the film on home video in North America.
Thanks to Rukiia for the news tip.
Vancouver is designed to have neighbourhoods with parks, community centres and schools on large historic sites that make communities walkable and sustainable. These amenities and open green spaces will become even more critical as the city densifies over time, as they are the heart and lungs of the city.
However, rather than being protected, they are increasingly under threat of being sold or redeveloped for housing. Astonishingly, we are moving in this direction now.
Vancouver is unique in its independent Park Board structure. This has served us well since it has ensured that publicly elected park commissioners have been in control of parks and recreational lands, facilities, programming, and revenue. It protects the park system from being undermined by the shifting priorities of City Hall.
The Park Board had its own planning and facilities department that up until only a few of years ago controlled all parks facilities, including community centres, pools and ice rinks. Now, these facilities are managed through the city's Real Estate and Facilities Department. The Park Board only manages programming, no longer the facilities themselves.
Park Board chairperson Michael Wiebe has requested a review of shared services, including facilities management. They said, “This is very important to commissioners as we have seen our service levels drop with little controls to resolve it.”
Recently, city council approved a shift of Development Cost Levies (DCLs) from parks to housing, reduced from 41 per cent to 18 per cent. DCLs fund growth-related capital improvements and expansion of parks of about $10 million to $20 million annually.
The community centres for each neighbourhood have associations (CCAs) that were established decades ago. These are independent community-run boards that have been in collaborative operating agreements with the Park Board, and that in some instances actually built the community centres in part or in whole. This arrangement has worked smoothly with few exceptions under the current joint operating agreement (JOA) established in 1979.
That was until former City Manager Penny Ballem tried to centralize city control over the community centres. This resulted in some of the CCAs taking the city to court, claiming they had a trust interest in the community centres since the CCAs built or renovated them. The negotiation of the new JOA continues to be controversial.
Having community-run centres under the association structure has ensured that the centres are managed in a way that best reflects the needs of the neighbourhood. They also protect the centre and the surrounding park land from City Hall interference and would make it harder for the city to undermine the elected Park Board's authority.
But under the new proposals of the JOA, it would substantially undermine the collaborative structure that worked so well in the past. It also would make it easier for the city to disband the CCAs or even to eliminate the Park Board altogether. The Park Board's future is very much tied to the ongoing success of the CCA relationship.
The most recently approved version of the JOA still includes a fundamental shift away from a grassroot, neighbourhood-based model and instead centralizes more power with the city. The JOA no longer has defined neighbourhood boundaries of where the community centre is serving. Also, the jointly operated facilities are no longer defined to include the building and property surrounding it, only those areas inside the building identified room by room, closet by closet. It is overly complex and difficult to administer compared to the existing JOA.
Joslin Kobylka, former Park Board area manager for the northeast quadrant, supports the collaborative community services model with engaged CCAs. Them experience was that the model worked very well with few exceptions that could easily be managed. “There is no real need to centralize city control on community centres in order to provide some city-wide programs and funding equalization. These could be accommodated through the current collaborative management structure,” they said.
There is a bigger-picture shift in play that is in part the motivation behind centralizing city control over the community centre facilities and revenues. The city has been moving toward using parks and recreation sites for development of social or mixed-market P3 housing. This is difficult to do without centralization.
Yes, we have a housing crisis and we need more social housing. But taking existing public amenity sites and converting them to housing creates a loss to communities that are often already park- and amenity-deficient.
This should be differentiated from new small sites on commercial streets such as the Strathcona library that was recently built in a new storefront with housing above. Same with the Mt. Pleasant community centre and library at Kingsway and Main that is also a small new storefront property that has housing above. These did not remove existing historic public amenities. They added new small sites in an urban context.
Raycam in Strathcona is another example of an appropriate location for housing since it is already a housing site that is owned by B.C. Housing in partnership with the community, including a community centre.
An inappropriate location that is being considered for housing is the large historic amenity site of Britannia in Grandview. This large, 17-acre site was assembled in the 1970s to integrate the high school, elementary school, community centre, library, pool, and ice rink. Housing was moved off the site to make way for a track, fields, ball courts, open and green space, and all these public amenities in one large site. Adding housing would reverse these efforts and undermine the special role this site plays in the community.
Darlene Marzari, a former city councillor and B.C. Minister of Municipal Affairs, was involved in creating the unique Britannia facilities. They emphatically agree that although we need more social housing in the city, using our amenity parks, recreation and school lands for this purpose is a huge mistake.
“Britannia was created through a collaborative process with the community and multiple levels of government. It should be protected to serve the community without further encumbrances of housing in an already complex management structure. This site and our other historic parks and schools across the city must be protected from change of use to housing,” they said. “We need a strong social housing program implemented outside of these sites where it is appropriate.”
Having a strong and independent Park Board, School Board, community centre associations, and collaborative civic and provincial governments are essential to protect the public park and school sites from being converted to housing, privatized or sold. We have an obligation to retain these irreplaceable public spaces for future generations.
Elizabeth Murphy is a private-sector project manager and was formerly a property development officer for the City of Vancouver's Housing and Properties Department and for B.C. Housing.
UPDATE (12/14):
Two Rison men have been arrested for the kidnapping and murder of Cherrish Faith Allbright, who police determined was pregnant, and was reported missing on December 7 and found dead a few days later.
Jonathan Guenther and Brad Hunter Smith, both 20, are accused of luring Allbright to a field, shooting them with a "crossbow", then beating them with a baseball bat. Guenther and Smith were arrested for capital murder, kidnapping, and abuse of a corpse.
According to the probable cause affidavit, Smith was "upset because Allbright was pregnant and was telling people the baby was his."
Investigators obtained information on the night of December 10 that led them to the location and recovery of Allbright's body. The body was turned over to the Arkansas State Crime Lab for autopsy.
Guenther and Smith are being held without bond. A juvenile, who, according to the affidavit, was present when Allbright was killed, was arrested for hindering arrest and apprehension. The individual was released on $200,000 bond.
------------------------------------------------
UPDATE (12/11):
Cleveland County authorities tell KATV the body of Cherrish Allbright was found Thursday night in the Randall community. One person is in custody, but their or their identity has not been released.
------------------------------------------------
ORIGINAL STORY (12/8):
The Cleveland County Sheriff's Department is asking for the public's help to find a 22-year-old woman who was last seen Thursday, December 3.
Cherrish Faith Allbright lives in the Randall community in Cleveland County.
Them family reported them missing and told authorities they have not been heard from since they were picked up Thursday night about 10 p.m., by an unknown person from their home in Randall.
Anyone with information about Allbright is asked to call the Cleveland County Sheriff's Department at (870) 325-6222.
The Czech Republic announced Wednesday that it will recognize West Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, hours after President Trump's own Jerusalem declaration on behalf of the U.S.
Earlier Wednesday, Trump declared that the U.S. will recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, but the statement out of Prague specifically cited the possibility that the ancient city could serve a dual purpose in future peace talks.
“The Czech Republic together with other EU member states, following the EU Foreign Affaires Council Conclusions, considers Jerusalem to be future capital of both states, meaning the State of Israel and the future State of Palestine," the Czech Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
The ministry made clear that it only recognized the western half of Jerusalem to be Israel's capital, the borders of the city before Israel seized control of the eastern half in the Six-Day War of 1967.
While Israel retains control of both halves currently, the Palestinians have a stronghold in the West Bank and claim that the holy city should also be the capital of a future Palestinian state.
In their historic declaration on Wednesday, Trump also said they plan to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, a move that many fear could strain tensions in the region and set back negotiations for a two-state solution between Israel and Palestine.
While the Czech Republic broke with some other European Union members who do not recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, it said it would only consider moving its embassy there after "negotiations with key partners."
Queer rapper Michete is accusing Facebook for silencing "queer and trans voices on this subject," according to a now-viral Tumblr post.
"Apparently queer and trans people aren't allowed to be angry about tragedies that happen within our community and we're not allowed to encourage straight people to hold themselves accountable in any regard," Michete wrote of the Facebook post, which they wrote in response to Sunday's massacre at a gay Orlando, Florida, nightclub.
In the original post addressed to straight people, Michete addressed "fake solidarity," saying. "If you're going to stand with us today, stand with us every other day of the year," they clarified that means not casually using homophobic slurs or making fun of people for being too feminine or masculine.
After the post was removed by Facebook, Michete posted a screenshot of its removal, which indicated that the social media platform removed it because it failed to comply with the Facebook Community Standards, but provided no specific explanation.
Facebook then deleted the screenshot and temporarily banned the rapper from commenting, liking or posting anything for 24 hours and messaging others for 72 hours.
In the Tumblr post, Michete explains that it was the screenshot deletion which convinced them that it was something other than an automated algorithm catching the homophobic slurs mentioned in the post that led to the original post's deletion.
DEFINITION: An estimate of the number of adults and children who died of AIDS during a given calendar year. SHOW ALL LESS
APA MLA MHRA CSE AMA Chicago Bluebook Bluebook/JOLT Citation
"Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com", CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster. Retrieved from http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Health/HIV-AIDS/Deaths
"Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com, CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster." 2001-2009. <http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Health/HIV-AIDS/Deaths>.
'Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com, CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster.', <http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Health/HIV-AIDS/Deaths> [assessed 2001-2009]
"Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com", CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster. [Internet]. 2001-2009. Avaliable from: <http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Health/HIV-AIDS/Deaths>.
"Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com", CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster. Avaliable at: nationmaster.com. Assessed 2001-2009.
"Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com, CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster.," http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Health/HIV-AIDS/Deaths (assessed 2001-2009)
"Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com", CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster., http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Health/HIV-AIDS/Deaths (last visited 2001-2009)
"Countries Compared by Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths. International Statistics at NationMaster.com", CIA World Factbooks 18 December 2003 to 28 March 2011. Aggregates compiled by NationMaster., http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Health/HIV-AIDS/Deaths (as of 2001-2009)
SHARE TWEET EMBED Health > HIV AIDS > Deaths: Countries Compared Map
First Austin, then Denver: If you're a clean-energy start up looking for money (and aren't they all), apparently you've got to pack your bags and hit the road for cash.
The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) revealed the 34 companies invited to its Industry Growth Forum, running October 19-21 in Colorado, and no fewer than nine of them are among the 20 who also showed their wares at the Clean Energy Venture Summit in Texas recently.
As with the Austin gathering — which claims the typical company leaves town with $300,000 to $1,000,000 in new backing — the NREL event boasts that there's gold in them thar conference-center meeting rooms. Since 2003, the NREL says, presenting companies have raised more than $3.4 billion in investment.
“It's critical to create a platform to connect key players in the clean energy community,” L. Marty Murphy, the forum chairperson, said in a press release. “We are bringing entrepreneurs directly together with financiers, policymakers and technology experts.”
As with Austin, getting into the Denver event was competitive. The nine companies that qualified for both: 7Solar Technologies; Enertaq; Enovative Kontrol Systems; Incenergy; infiniRel; May-Ruben Technologies; Microstaq; Pythagoras Solar; and Sunnovations.
Like what you are reading? Follow us on RSS, Twitter and Facebook to get green technology news updates throughout the day and chat with other green tech lovers.
New interactive puzzle suite for newspaper websites now available via King Features Syndicate
A variety of Conceptis interactive puzzle games, updated 7 days a week, can now be enjoyed online on newspaper websites in the USA and around the world. Distributed by King features Syndicate, the world's premier content provider to newspapers, the games are served as syndicated content from King Features' servers and played on a feature-rich interactive puzzling platform powered by Conceptis.
The new Interactive puzzle suite joins Conceptis Sudoku Interactive available on North-American newspaper websites since 2007. The puzzle suite also complements the Sudoku and Kakuro print media puzzles offered by King Features since 2005 and printed by hundreds of newspapers in millions of copies in the USA and across the world each day. Among the newspapers already providing the new service is Milwaukee Journal Sentinel from which the screenshots in this news are taken.
Pic-a-Pix and Sudoku games on the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel website
Amongst King Features' best-selling syndicated content
The Conceptis / King Features game suite consists of 11 daily interactive puzzle families and variants including Pic-a-Pix, Sudoku, Kakuro, Battleships, Hashi, CalcuDoku, Mega Sudoku, Diagonal Sudoku, Irregular Sudoku, Multi Sudoku and Sum Sudoku. The game suite, offered to newspaper websites as a package or a la carte, publishes one new puzzle for each family each day in progressive difficulty levels starting from very easy on Mondays to extremely difficult on the following Sundays. Same puzzles may also be syndicated in print format for daily publication in newspapers.
Sudoku variants collection homepage on the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel website
Conceptis Sudoku by Dave Green was first offered by King Features Syndicate in November 2005, initially for newspaper printed media followed by interactive gaming. Today these puzzles are featured in hundreds of daily newspapers including The San Francisco Chronicle, Houston Chronicle and Orange County Register, and rank amongst King Features' best-selling syndicated content. King Features Syndicate is the world's premier distributor of comics, columns, editorial cartoons, puzzles and games to newspapers as well as a worldwide leader in merchandising and licensing.
"We are constantly searching for new puzzles and listening to feedback from our fans to see what makes them fun to solve," said Dave Green, president of Conceptis Ltd. "We believe that those who love Conceptis Sudoku and Conceptis Kakuro will absolutely love the challenge that solving one of our new Conceptis puzzles presents."
Related resources
Like and share
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - India responded with irritation on Saturday to Pakistani allegations of brutality in Kashmir, saying that while India had made substantial progress since independence, all Pakistan had achieved was a reputation as the “pre-eminent export factory for terror.”
Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj arrives to address the 72nd United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in New York, U.S., September 23, 2017. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
Addressing the annual United Nations General Assembly, Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj rejected allegations by Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi at the world body earlier in the week in which they accused India of state-sponsored terrorism, and violating human rights.
“Those listening had only one observation: ‘Look who's talking!',” Swaraj said.
“A country that has been the world's greatest exporter of havoc, death and inhumanity became a champion of hypocrisy by preaching about humanity from this podium.”
Swaraj said Pakistanis should look at the progress India had made since the two countries emerged on independence from Britain in 1947.
“Why is it that today India is a recognized IT superpower in the world, and Pakistan is recognized only as the pre-eminent export factory for terror?” they said.
On Friday officials from both sides said shelling along the disputed border between Pakistan and India killed six civilians and wounded 30 more people in the latest confrontation between the two nuclear-armed countries.
The firing took place across the frontier separating Pakistan's Punjab province from Indian-administered Kashmir's Jammu region, and most of the casualties were reported on the Pakistani side.
On Thursday in New York, Abbasi urged the U.N. secretary general to appoint a special envoy for Kashmir and accused India's military of brutality in a crackdown against anti-India activists. They said hundreds of Kashmiris had been killed or injured and shotgun pellets have blinded and maimed others.
India rejected the allegation. It accuses Pakistan of backing several anti-India militant groups and helping them infiltrate Kashmir to stoke violence and carry out terrorist acts. Pakistan denies this charge.
Both countries claim Kashmir, and have fought two of their three wars over the Himalayan region, which they have disputed since partition and independence in 1947.
FIND MBA, May 05, 2015
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign has partnered with the online education platform Coursera to launch a new online MBA program.
The program is called the "iMBA" and is the first MBA program to be offered through Coursera. While the curriculum will be freely available to everyone, the cost of officially enrolling in the program (and receiving the MBA degree) will cost around $20,000.
The online MBA is divided into a set of specializations, which can be used as "building blocks" to customize the learning experience. Learners can take individual courses for free, with the option of paying around $3,000 to enroll in a specialization, through which they can demonstrate skills using career-relevant projects, and earn a certificate upon completion.
Those who complete at least six specializations will be eligible to apply for admission to Urbana-Champaign's College of Business and earn the official MBA degree.
Tuition for the two-year, in-class MBA program from Urbana-Champaign's College of Business is currently $21,974 per year for Illinois residents and $32,974 for non-resident and international students. For comparison's sake, the "Distance MBA" program from the University of Nebraska at Lincoln, which is currently ranked in the Online MBA Ranking from The Financial Times, costs around $25,000 based on current credit-hour fees.
The following specializations will be offered as part of the new Coursera/Urbana-Champaign online MBA program:
Improving Business Finances and Operations
Strategic Management
Leadership and Management
Business Tools for Successful Execution
Business Environments and Corporate Responsibility
Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Digital Marketing
The Digital Marketing specialization is available now. "Improving Business Finances and Operations" will be available on May 27th.
Official applications will open in June. For the iMBA's Spring 2016 intake, students must apply by August 2015. The program is designed for working professionals with 3+ years of work experience.
For more information, please see the iMBA program webpage at Coursera.
Image: "The Business Instructional Facility at the University of Illinois (Urbana-Champaign campus)" by H.al-shawaf / Creative Commons (cropped and rotated)
Weighs Less Than 4 lbs
Whether you're travelling around the world or commuting between offices, at just 3.96 lbs, the T430s won't weigh you down.
Precision Keyboard
The new precision island keyboard with improved ergonomic design and optional backlight is the best ThinkPad keyboard yet.
Enhanced Graphics
Whether you choose integrated Intel® HD Graphics or discrete graphics featuring NVIDIA® Optimus™ technology, you'll enjoy stunning visuals on the T430s.
Fast Data Transfer
Move data between the T430s and other devices quickly with USB 3.0 — it's up to 10 times faster than previous USB technologies.
**Up to 10 Hours' Battery Life
Combine a 6-cell battery with a bay battery to enjoy **up to 10 hours of productive work between charges.
3G, 4G, WiFi, Bluetooth®
Wherever you are you will be able to get connected with a complete suite of wireless technology — and Lenovo Mobile Access means you don't need an expensive contract.
Integrated 720p HD Webcam and Dual Digital Array Microphones
Crystal clear video and audio, face tracking and keystroke noise suppression technology will help you web conference or chat like you're really there.
14-inch HD or HD+ Display
HD and HD+ display options deliver bright, crisp visuals on the T430s — even when looked at from a wide angle.
Dolby® Home Theater® v4
Enjoy an immersive surround sound experience and live-audio quality whether catching up on a presentation or relaxing with a movie.
MIL-SPEC Tested
The T430s meets eight rugged military-spec tests against extreme environmental variables, including temperature, pressure, dust, humidity, and vibration testing. Premium durability standards and the Active Protection System™ provide a rock-solid machine.
Lenovo ThinkVantage® Technologies
With easy to use, practical, and secure software solutions including Password Manager, Rescue and Recovery, and Access Connections™, Lenovo has got you covered.
Investigators have traced the gun Ismaaiyl Brinsley used to kill two New York City police officers and wound their ex-girlfriend to a Georgia strip mall 900 miles away. The Arrowhead pawn shop, which bills itself as a “family-owned business dedicated to good prices, good customer service and good vibes,” as of 2010 was the fifth-largest source of guns used in crimes nationally and the number-one source of out-of-state guns seized by the New York Police Department.
What happened between the time the silver Taurus semiautomatic handgun was purchased in 1996 and Brinsley came across it? We don't know. Brinsley was barred from owning a gun because they had committed multiple felonies; if they had to complete a background check, they would have failed it. But they never had to complete a background check. Police say the Asian man who bought the gun at Arrowhead later gave it to their cousin, and there have been no traceable purchases since, meaning it exchanged hands in private and illegal deals.
Weak federal laws and disparate state laws enable a black market where felons and domestic abusers can get their hands on guns. Georgia is among many southern states whose lax gun laws effectively supply firearms for criminal activity in states with stricter laws. Some 90 percent of guns traced in New York City crimes come from out-of-state sources. Compare New York's laws to a state like Georgia, and it's easy to see why these southern states are known as the Iron Pipeline.
New York requires all gun sales, including private ones, to pass a background check. Georgia does not. It also has no penalties for straw purchasers who buy firearms legally for someone who can't. It also doesn't mandate that gun owners file a police report when their gun goes missing. In 2014, Georgia weakened its laws even further, and now gun owners can carry firearms into bars, classrooms, government buildings, and even TSA airport checkpoints. Felons are allowed to invoke the controversial Stand Your Ground defense, meaning they don't have the obligation to retreat if they feel their life is threatened. Georgia's own murder rate is 27 percent above the national average, and has the 13th most permissible gun laws in the nation, according to a Daily Beast analysis.
Image copyright nasa/jpl-caltech/cornell/asu Image caption A birthday "selfie": Oppy uses its mast cameras to look down on itself
The American space agency (Nasa) is celebrating 10 years of operation for its Opportunity rover on Mars.
The six-wheeled vehicle landed on the planet's Meridiani plains on 25 January, 2004, at 05:05 GMT.
It has since trundled 38.7km across the surface, studying the local geology and returning over 170,000 images to Earth.
How much longer the rover can continue working in Mars' harsh environment is unknown, but Nasa is confident it will keep rolling a while yet.
"The rover has some degraded components," explains John Callas, the manager of the agency's Mars Exploration Rover Project, which looks after "Oppy", as it is often called.
Image copyright NASA Image caption Opportunity was the second rover landed on Mars in the space of three weeks
"The right-front steering actuator is jammed and no longer steers. The same wheel also shows elevated currents, the robotic arm has some arthritis, and two of the scientific instruments no longer function. But in the past year, almost nothing has changed in the health and status of the rover."
And it continues to deliver impressive research results.
To coincide with the anniversary, Science magazine has just published a paper detailing Opportunity's latest discoveries on the rim of the 22km-wide Endeavour Crater.
It has found evidence for clay minerals, which form in rocks that have been substantially altered by water.
In one place, these clays are of an iron-rich variety called smectite. In another location, Opportunity sees an aluminium-rich variety called montmorillonite.
They are contained in what are among the oldest rocks the rover has yet seen on the planet, probably four billion-plus years old.
It is further evidence, says the rover's deputy principal investigator, Ray Arvidson, that Mars was warmer and wetter in its distant past and had the potential, therefore, to support microbial life.
"If I were there back when this material was being emplaced and altered, and I had my summer house, this is where I would drill to get good drinking water," they joke.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Smithsonian showcases Mars rover images
Recent days have produced a fascinating surprise for scientists with the sudden appearance of a small rock in the rover's field of view.
It has been likened by the team to a jam doughnut (or "jelly donut") because it has a whitish exterior and a reddish interior.
The rover team thinks the vehicle may have flipped the rock into view as it pirouetted on its wheels. Its chemistry was unexpected, containing a lot of sulphur, manganese and magnesium, says principal investigator Steve Squyres.
"We're still working this out; we're making measurements right now. This is an ongoing story of discovery. Mars keeps throwing new stuff at us. And it's this kind of discoveries that make this mission continue to be the exciting fun thing that it is."
The road ahead will see Opportunity try to climb a ridge at Endeavour to get to a place dubbed Cape Tribulation. Orbiting satellites have indicated there may be more clays to examine at this location.
The rover project costs about $14m (£8.4m) a year to run. It must endure a review later this year where it must compete with other Nasa missions for ongoing funding.
Given the pressure on the agency's budget, it is likely that some ventures that are still working will have to be switched off.
"Frankly, all the missions we have are very productive and it would be a shame not to have enough for a continuation of all those missions. But we'll see how that turns out when we get to the senior review," says Michael Meyer, the lead scientist on Nasa's Mars exploration programme.
The twin rover, Spirit, which landed three weeks prior to Opportunity, was declared dead by Nasa in May 2011. It had become stuck in soft sand in 2009, and then eventually ceased communicating with Earth. Engineers think the extreme cold probably damaged many critical components and connections on the robot.
Sleek Fleet's system provides transparency, accuracy, up-to-date load information and efficient payment for drivers – all something a Sleek Fleet survey found drivers wanted, the company says. The company says that once electronic receipt of the proper paperwork is received and approved, drivers are paid within four business hours. Paperwork can be submitted through the phone or tablet app that works on all major operating systems.
The app, which pulls loads directly out of participating shippers' systems, also minimizes another common owner-operator concern: loads that do not exist upon arrival at the dock. When making the bid, the Sleek Fleet app provides drivers with all the information for the load. There are no hidden surprises. Sleek Fleet does not accept loads from brokers or large carriers – each load comes directly from a shipper. The price drivers submit for the load, if accepted, is what drivers are paid. A small fee is applied to shippers for participating.
The entrepreneurs behind Sleek Fleet are experienced transportation professionals, and deeply connected to the needs of owner-operators. CEO Michael Nervick started working with drivers as a carrier sale representative for American Backhaulers. In 2003, they founded AFN and scaled the business to over $170 million in revenue in just over a decade.
Yanchyk has more than 13 years of experience in logistics and supply chain project management and sales experience. Chief Technology Officer Andy Stump has over 20 years of experience in software development and consulting. Chief Commercial Officer Jim Robinson brings 20-plus years of tech and logistics management experience with a number of industry leaders including Google, Microsoft, Maersk Line and a number of early stage technologies.
Sleek Fleet stands out because it is focused on the needs of independent truckers. Kelly Cutler, the company's CMO, understands that “owner-operators are a valued part of the trucking community, yet they are challenged to secure a level playing field in the market.” Cutler points out that “Sleek Fleet's easy-to-use technology provides these valued operators with direct access to freight that was once the exclusive domain of large carriers and brokers.”
To complement its deep connection with owner-operators and drivers, Sleek Fleet recognizes that shippers need a streamlined, automated platform as much as drivers. Several benefits have been built into the platform for them. For one, shippers don't need to manually post loads to a load board – the Sleek Fleet platform automates the whole process, saving time and money. Also, shippers can choose which loads go to the Sleek Fleet platform, so there is plenty of control to ensure preferred carriers continue to receive their loads.
For shippers that require special needs – such as increased insurance levels – Sleek Fleet will work with them to develop custom parameters. Also, all payments are sent to Sleek Fleet - which handles the owner-operator payment process - and can be handled on typical shipper terms.
Sleek Fleet is trying to carve out space in a niche of the industry – a very large niche – that regularly is forgotten.
For owner-operators, Sleek Fleet may just be opening that door to large shippers that move so much of the nation's freight; a door that for many years for various reasons was closed to this much of this segment of the trucking population. Not anymore.
JAW-dropping video of a “smoking gun UFO” filmed on a NASA camera is “undeniable proof” aliens are out there, according to astonishing claims.
UFOs hunters claim footage of “multiple” mysterious objects shooting past the International Space Station is conclusive evidence aliens exist. The astonishing footage shows what appear to be several unidentified objects hurtling through space in the background. Extraordinary theories suggesting aliens are watching the ISS have been circulating online for years. NASA has repeatedly dismissed claims of alien sightings as nothing more than hoaxes. But truth seekers are convinced the latest bombshell film is conclusive proof “there are unknown manned objects flying out there in space”.
NASA MYSTERY: Aliens hunters claim NASA footage shows UFOs flying past the ISS
UNCLASSIFIED: Extraterrestrial objects spotted on the Moon and Mars Daily Star Pictures brings you the most mysterious images of strange objects spotted on the Moon and on Mars. 1 / 20 Getty Images Can you spot these extraterrestrial objects?
In the clip Samantha Cristoforetti, an Italian European Space Agency astronaut, is seen demonstrating how to operate window shutters at the ISS. But as they talk to the camera, several white objects appear to come shooting into view. Tyler Glockner posted the footage, uploaded on March 18, 2017, to their UFO sightings YouTube channel Secure Team. They describe one of the unknown objects seen hurtling past the ISS as a “smoking gun UFO”.
NASA MYSTERY: Multiple objects flying past the ISS are seen in the clip
“There are multiple UFOs that can be seen speeding by.” Tyler Glockner, of Secure Team In the 14-minute video, they explain: “I do believe that we have some undeniable footage that will prove that there are unknown manned objects flying out there in space. “I'm not talking about space debris or any of the usual go-to excuses used by NASA. “I've had a tonne of people saying there is a point in this video when, moment after [Samantha] opens up this window hatch, there are multiple UFOs that can be seen speeding by.”
NASA COVER UP: Truth seekers claim NASA are hiding the truth about aliens
13 signs of alien life Daily Star Pictures brings you 13 mind-blowing signs that aliens exist. 1 / 13 Shutterstock / Leo Blanchette More than 40,000 Americans have taken out insurance against being abducted by aliens.
Like anything else in life, I'm sure there are exceptions to this topic. I'm sure there are great reasons for homeschooling. But, to be honest — even though I'm trying really hard, I can't really think of one. I can't help but envision a child with their nose pressed to the window, watching other kids get on a school bus.
I was going to start this post off with this whole super descriptive story about a girl I used to work with when I was around the age of 19…who was sooo socially awkward that it drove me crazy — until I found out they were homeschooled. Why? Just because their parents wanted them to be. Then, their lack of social skills clicked — and I felt terrible for them as I thought of all of the fun — and important — things they missed out on over the years. That's basically the story in a nutshell.
Since then, I've met a couple people who were also homeschooled. And, they were also socially awkward. They didn't really carry themselves with confidence, they'd have this look of uncertainty and slight fear in their eyes during social situations and they'd always laugh at the strangest times during conversations. But, who could blame them for this? They didn't attend school with other children their age — so they've never experienced the littlest of things that really shape someone into who they are.
However, one woman, Penelope, was homeschooled their whole life, and they were the biggest gossipmonger I've ever met. They would talk to anyone about anyone — and anything having to do with anyone. They seemed completely clueless about friendships/relationships, as if they never really valued them. I often wondered if she'd be this way had they attended school with their peers as opposed to their mother/teacher every.single.day…all.day.long.
I know bullying is a huge no-no and it can have devastating effects — but I think there's also something gained by being put in your place by a peer — especially when you're growing up, learning about who you are and who you want to be. For example, I remember the first time I said something not-so-nice about a girl in my class. I was angry about something or other, and really didn't like this girl. And, I apparently wanted people to know it. Well, it got back to her, obviously, and they confronted me on it…rather ominously. Like, in a stairwell. They told me what they thought of my actions, and me — but I can't remember their exact words because they stood right so close to my face, I could count their freckles and smell their Pop Tart breakfast. Nevertheless, I got them point.
I'm not saying that after that confrontation that I never said anything less-than-complimentary about anyone, but I definitely thought deeply about my words, and I believe that experience nipped something in the bud. I mean, I could have become a Penelope.
Like I said, I'm sure there are great reasons for homeschooling, but when it comes to parents who think they could provide better education than a “real” teacher…I just don't get it.
And to think, I was just giving my mom a hard time about not letting me go on a field trip back in the day.
CONSTRVCT is truly interactive, user generated fashion. It's a web-based collection where you can make your own designs. Turn photos into beautifully distinctive styles. We make your design with digital textile printing and sew it in your size in the highest quality. Every design is uniquely made to order.
See our progress at: www.constrvct.com
We are hosting a private beta through Kickstarter. For any pledge amount, you get Priority Access to CONSTRVCT. We will message out invite codes July 12. Also, you get all of the project updates--so you get to see design iterations, mumblings about code, and lots of features being built and changed every day. We just hope you'll be nice and understand that things are buggy and we're working on it. It currently works in Chrome and Firefox.
You can be the first to get your own custom-made designs with the preorder! We are looking to ship Kickstarter orders in September. We will try to open up ordering on our website in October, so we can fix bugs and finish building the site.
**Scroll down for lots of photos** We also have a bunch of nice rewards...stickers, paper dolls, 3D printed earrings, and plottered prints!
**Scroll to bottom for info on image resolution**
The Clothes
Right now we're offering a few styles as part of this Kickstarter. They're simple but elegant, and all of them will be made with organic cotton jersey, sourced and sewn right here in the US. The material is a wonderful double knit that's perfect for late summer and fall weather. This Kickstarter will run for 1 month, and we'll endeavor to ship asap, so you'll get your orders in September.
If you need some design inspiration, we'll blog updates on design ideas as we go.
For a $95 pledge, you can design your own shirt. Available for both men and women. You can make as many designs as you want on the website, just let us know at the end which one to print and sew for you. Sizes XS to XL available. We can also do custom sizing.
I made this html artwork and turned it into a shirt for our friend Adam. If you want this design instead of your own, you can specify it with your order.
For a $199 pledge, you can design your own dress. We have a couple variations: short sleeve, sleeveless, and one shoulder. This is a Kickstarter preorder special. Dresses will be $250 on our website later on. Make as many designs as you want on the website, and let us know which one to print and sew for you. Sizes US 0-16 available, in standard, petite, and tall. We can also do custom sizing.
Mary wears a photo Jenna took in Barcelona, from the colorful stained glass of the Sagrida Famila.
...
A truly NYC dress. 3D design preview is on the left, finished dress on right.
It comes together in the details...
Your name is printed right into a tagless "label" on the garment. Plus, custom packaging with your fabric swatch and initials.
An infinite number of possibilities! Art, maps, architecture, landscapes...
More Rewards
We've specially designed a bunch of fun products for this Kickstarter. We'll be updating with more photos as we go. If this goes well, we'll throw in some extra goodies.
$7 pledge-- Vinyl "Carpe Futurum" stickers. We'll give you 2, for twice the future forward optimism. Add $5 for international shipping.
$25-- Constrvct Paper Doll set. A print with designs inspired by Constructivist art, plus a whole stack of pre-cut paper dresses for you to draw on, in kraft paper and tag board.
We thought it would be fun to do the paper doll. It's like the analog version of our website! We'll update with a guy's doll part of the set shortly...
And, since we're mostly known for our 3D printed fashion, we made these earrings. Mary is wearing these in the video.
$45 -- Hypercube earrings, made in 3D printed nylon. Wonderfully eye-catching and lightweight. Available in pierced or clip-on. Add $10 for international shipping.
$75-- A plotter-drawn dot print from your photo of choice. 14" X 20", drawn with archival ink on 2-ply coldpressed paper. See in the closeup how it's ink pen drawn on paper, for true '80s grade technological beauty.
Here is a plotter print we did from a photo Jenna took in Barcelona.
For the plotter prints, notice how the dots are packed really nicely, so the effect is less mechanical. To generate the print files, we're using the wonderful open-source Processing app called StippleGen.
The Process
We're building the website as fast as we humanly can. At the same time we're also testing the fabric printing and sizing, and minding the details on packaging design, etc. We'll also be wearing and washing our own product, so to report to you the best and most accurate care instructions. In short, the Kickstarter funds will allow us to finish design and testing and get the first custom made designs out the door!
We'll be working on offering more styles later. We're also looking for your feedback throughout the process! For instance, our immediate plan is to do more womenswear, unless there happens to be much more demand for menswear. ;)
Thank you for checking out our project! Even if you don't make a pledge, we hope you'll try out our website at www.constrvct.com later on. We really look forward to seeing all the designs that people make. :)
We like to think of this as Bespoke for the Digital Age. We want to create fashion that's about participation, and capture the collective creativity of the people who will wear the clothes.
In the broad scope of things, we believe that the Future of Fashion is about redefining the entire process of design, production, and retail, so to enable more creativity and also make wonderfully high quality product. We believe we can create a cohesively more beautiful experience that merges the individual focus of high-end couture with the accessibility of ready-to-wear.
FAQs
Is the printed clothing washable?
Yes! The printed jersey fabric is machine washable. Turn the garment inside out, and wash delicate cycle on cold water. You can dry clean if you're really cautious.
What resolution should my image be?
Resolution is not absolute, since the height matters more than the width, and we can resize up from smaller photos. So here is a guide to reference:
Beyond perfect: Your image is 5400 px tall or greater. If you are drawing in Photoshop or Illustrator, we recommend exporting at 6000 px tall.
Perfectly clear: Your image is 2700 px tall or greater. We can easily size it up from this without any loss in quality.
Still safe: You image is 1800 px tall or greater. We can scale it up and use some filters to get it to print clearly.
If you have a vector file, you can email that to us and we'll print from that for perfect sharpness. (We haven't figured out supporting vector files on the website yet.)
DSLR photos are great.
For iPhone photos: Our benchmark is the highest size from the iPhone 4 camera, landscape orientation: 2592 x 1936. We have scaled this up and use some Photoshop filtering to get rid of any noise so it prints fine.
We have also printed a smaller photo...The nyc dress in the example above used an image that is 1600x1000px. It needed some more filtering to resize it up to printable resolution, but the end result still looked good. (Looks like a photo viewing as a dress, more watercolor-y if you examine the fabric.)
Anything I should know about colors?
Large areas of black are not super black. The ink just doesn't get as black as dyed fabric does. Lines and smaller areas are fine--I've printed houndstooth--you just notice it if you have a large section of black.
Is $10,000 really enough to do all of this?
$10K is enough to get us started with an initial batch of preorders. We're quite handy with design and tech, so we're coding our own website and designing everything that goes with it, as well as sewing the initial samples. The funds will help us pay for studio space and materials so we can finish design and testing of the first styles.
With the preorder quantity, we can work with a garment production workshop in NYC that will sew the pieces with the best professional standards. Since every piece is unique, we're not doing the traditional wholesale order process that's standard in the industry. But fortunately we can make great use of local sample production.
We're getting the fabric printed with a supplier, so we are not budgeting for an industrial grade printer. If this Kickstarter exceeds our expectations, then we can get our own printer much earlier, which means faster order fulfillment times for everyone.
You guys seem familiar...
Last year, we put our project, "Continuum: Computational Couture" on Kickstarter. We didn't reach our goal, but we got lots of positive feedback, and have taken that to refine our idea to create CONSTRVCT. Our earlier project was a little more art, and Constrvct is a little more product, but they both center around the same idea of interactive fashion design.
The incident on Saturday in which NATO airstrikes killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers at border outposts was an accident waiting to happen. In fact, similar accidents had already happened along the Afghan-Pakistani border, although with smaller death tolls. This most recent incident also has greater impact because it occurs at a moment when U.S.-Pakistani relations were already very bad and the Pakistani response will be more severe, including kicking the United States out of an airbase used to recover and service drones, cutting off NATO's supply lines for what will probably be a longer period than with previous interruptions and a possible Pakistani boycott of an international conference intended to address Afghanistan's future.
Regardless of what post-mortem inquiries uncover about the specific events on the ground that preceded the incident, the event had two fundamental causes. One is the convoluted and almost self-contradictory nature of what the war in Afghanistan has become, with lines of contention that defy logic. Militants based in Pakistan foray across the border to conduct operations in Afghanistan, while other militants—of similar ilk but organizationally separate—use the cover of chaos in Afghanistan as a base for operations in Pakistan. The rationale of a U.S.-led counterinsurgency in Afghanistan is to combat a terrorist group that has hardly anyone in Afghanistan. In the face of that last fact, the rationale sometimes instead becomes the security and stability of Pakistan, even though operations conducted as part of the counterinsurgency have if anything made things more difficult for Pakistani security forces. And the same Pakistani regime on behalf of whose stability the counterinsurgency is supposedly being waged maintains cooperative relationships with some of the very insurgents against whom the war is fought. With lines of contention like that, it is little wonder that confusion can bring about something like Saturday's lethal incident.
The second cause is that, even when the lines of contention are clearer, stuff happens in the fog of war—destructive, unintended stuff. The “friendly fire” incidents that have accounted for a proportion of casualties in each of America's recent wars are one indication of that. This is not a matter of ill-disciplined troops. It instead is a fact of life in war, one that applies even to the best led and most rigorously trained forces.
Two lessons follow. One is that there should be no straying from the exit path to get the United States out of the now-illogical war in Afghanistan. The other is that when contemplating any large-scale use of military force, the possibility of accidents like this—and whatever political or other cost to the United States flows from them—needs to be factored into the decision making. No such use of military force ever goes according to plan, and sometimes what is unplanned turns out to be most costly and consequential.
Depression seems to pose an evolutionary paradox. Research in the US and other countries estimates that between 30 to 50 percent of people have met current psychiatric diagnostic criteria for major depressive disorder sometime in their lives. But the brain plays crucial roles in promoting survival and reproduction, so the pressures of evolution should have left our brains resistant to such high rates of malfunction. Mental disorders should generally be rare — why isn't depression?
This paradox could be resolved if depression were a problem of growing old. The functioning of all body systems and organs, including the brain, tends to deteriorate with age. This is not a satisfactory explanation for depression, however, as people are most likely to experience their first bout in adolescence and young adulthood.
Or, perhaps, depression might be like obesity — a problem that arises because modern conditions are so different from those in which we evolved. Homo sapiens did not evolve with cookies and soda at the fingertips. Yet this is not a satisfactory explanation either. The symptoms of depression have been found in every culture which has been carefully examined, including small-scale societies, such as the Ache of Paraguay and the !Kung of southern Africa — societies where people are thought to live in environments similar to those that prevailed in our evolutionary past.
There is another possibility: that, in most instances, depression should not be thought of as a disorder at all. In an article recently published in Psychological Review, we argue that depression is in fact an adaptation, a state of mind which brings real costs, but also brings real benefits.
One reason to suspect that depression is an adaptation, not a malfunction, comes from research into a molecule in the brain known as the 5HT1A receptor. The 5HT1A receptor binds to serotonin, another brain molecule that is highly implicated in depression and is the target of most current antidepressant medications. Rodents lacking this receptor show fewer depressive symptoms in response to stress, which suggests that it is somehow involved in promoting depression. (Pharmaceutical companies, in fact, are designing the next generation of antidepressant medications to target this receptor.) When scientists have compared the composition of the functional part of the rat 5HT1A receptor to that of humans, it is 99 percent similar, which suggests that it is so important that natural selection has preserved it. The ability to “turn on” depression would seem to be important, then, not an accident.
This is not to say that depression is not a problem. Depressed people often have trouble performing everyday activities, they can't concentrate on their work, they tend to socially isolate themselves, they are lethargic, and they often lose the ability to take pleasure from such activities such as eating and sex. Some can plunge into severe, lengthy, and even life-threatening bouts of depression.
So what could be so useful about depression? Depressed people often think intensely about their problems. These thoughts are called ruminations; they are persistent and depressed people have difficulty thinking about anything else. Numerous studies have also shown that this thinking style is often highly analytical. They dwell on a complex problem, breaking it down into smaller components, which are considered one at a time.
This analytical style of thought, of course, can be very productive. Each component is not as difficult, so the problem becomes more tractable. Indeed, when you are faced with a difficult problem, such as a math problem, feeling depressed is often a useful response that may help you analyze and solve it. For instance, in some of our research, we have found evidence that people who get more depressed while they are working on complex problems in an intelligence test tend to score higher on the test.
Analysis requires a lot of uninterrupted thought, and depression coordinates many changes in the body to help people analyze their problems without getting distracted. In a region of the brain known as the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex (VLPFC), neurons must fire continuously for people to avoid being distracted. But this is very energetically demanding for VLPFC neurons, just as a car's engine eats up fuel when going up a mountain road. Moreover, continuous firing can cause neurons to break down, just as the car's engine is more likely to break down when stressed. Studies of depression in rats show that the 5HT1A receptor is involved in supplying neurons with the fuel they need to fire, as well as preventing them from breaking down. These important processes allow depressive rumination to continue uninterrupted with minimal neuronal damage, which may explain why the 5HT1A receptor is so evolutionarily important.
Many other symptoms of depression make sense in light of the idea that analysis must be uninterrupted. The desire for social isolation, for instance, helps the depressed person avoid situations that would require thinking about other things. Similarly, the inability to derive pleasure from sex or other activities prevents the depressed person from engaging in activities that could distract them or them from the problem. Even the loss of appetite often seen in depression could be viewed as promoting analysis because chewing and other oral activity interferes with the brain's ability to process information.
But is there any evidence that depression is useful in analyzing complex problems? For one thing, if depressive rumination were harmful, as most clinicians and researchers assume, then bouts of depression should be slower to resolve when people are given interventions that encourage rumination, such as having them write about their strongest thoughts and feelings. However, the opposite appears to be true. Several studies have found that expressive writing promotes quicker resolution of depression, and they suggest that this is because depressed people gain insight into their problems.
There is another suggestive line of evidence. Various studies have found that people in depressed mood states are better at solving social dilemmas. Yet these would seem to have been precisely the kind of problems difficult enough to require analysis and important enough to drive the evolution of such a costly emotion. Consider a woman with young children who discovers their husband is having an affair. Is the wife's best strategy to ignore it, or force them to choose between them and the other woman, and risk abandonment? Laboratory experiments indicate that depressed people are better at solving social dilemmas by better analysis of the costs and benefits of the different options that they might take.
Sometimes people are reluctant to disclose the reason for their depression because it is embarrassing or sensitive, they find it painful, they believe they must soldier on and ignore them, or they have difficulty putting their complex internal struggles into words.
But depression is nature's way of telling you that you've got complex social problems that the mind is intent on solving. Therapies should try to encourage depressive rumination rather than try to stop it, and they should focus on trying to help people solve the problems that trigger their bouts of depression. (There are several effective therapies that focus on just this.) It is also essential, in instances where there is resistance to discussing ruminations, that the therapist try to identify and dismantle those barriers.
When one considers all the evidence, depression seems less like a disorder where the brain is operating in a haphazard way, or malfunctioning. Instead, depression seems more like the vertebrate eye—an intricate, highly organized piece of machinery that performs a specific function.
Are you a scientist? Have you recently read a peer-reviewed paper that you want to write about? Then contact Mind Matters co-editor Gareth Cook, a Pulitzer prize-winning journalist at the Boston Globe, where they edit the Sunday Ideas section.
Beaks here with the official word from Universal: JURASSIC PARK 4 is officially on hold. Here's the statement released by the studio this morning:
In coordination with filmmakers, Universal has decided to release Jurassic Park 4 at a later date giving the studio and filmmakers adequate time to bring audiences the best possible version of the fourth installment in Universal's beloved franchise. We could not be more excited about the vision that Colin Trevorrow has created for this film, and we look forward to watching as they and the producers create another great chapter in this franchise's storied history.
So no more rushing to meet that June 2014 release date. We'll keep you posted as to when JURASSIC PARK 4 is ready to go before cameras.
Hey folks, Harry here... There's some conflicting information coming in on the long awaited JURASSIC PARK 4 which was scheduled to be released in June of 2014 is now on "HOLD". This - just 5 days after Director Colin Trevorrow sent out this image from a location scout which they tweeted as Nublar
Looking at that plate - we can only dream of the Dinos it would have had.
Today, JP4 Concept Artist Dean Sherriff tweeted this:
It was then taken down and deleted. Why? We don't know. But soon after, this tweet went out from JP4's Digital Assets Manager, Todd Smoyer:
This very much reminds me of George Miller's FURY ROAD. They had sets, vehicles, costumes.. and it all went into storage. They moved on to other projects - but eventually FURY ROAD did get shot and will happen. I hope the same can be said for JURASSIC PARK. Annette Kellerman's little boy has become dino obsessed, just last night they were over here at my house with their parents watching THE LOST WORLD - and they were playing the Jurassic Park farmville clone on their iPad. And listening to a 3 year old saying big ol dinosaur names... it gives one faith in our future. But I hope that whatever is going on with JURASSIC PARK 4, that it gets worked out and they make a great film.
It's been fun seeing the Jurassic Park fans reignited with the recent JURASSIC PARK 3D release, the films on Blu Ray and the hope of a new film on the horizon.
Don't completely throw your hopes away - let's see what shakes down from the Studio, Trevorrow and Frank Marshall... but I've got a sneaking suspicion that they can't make their 2014 window - and everyone is war planning on when to pull the trigger on this. Surely UNIVERSAL isn't throwing all that future money away.
Cubs Down Nationals In Thriller, Move On To NLCS
Matthias Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 12, 2017
You think Cubs fans would be used to this by now, but they're not. The Cubs were able to outlast the Nationals in a thriller to move on to a third straight NLCS.
Cubs got the scoring started in the first with a RBI groundout by Anthony Rizzo. Then the Nationals got to Kyle Hendricks with two home runs by Daniel Murphy and Michael Taylor to give the Nationals a 4–1 lead. The Cubs would continue to battle to reach back to within one run in the third.
The Cubs would break out in the 5th inning with four runs. Addison Russell would plate two off of Max Scherzer. The Cubs were not done there, later scoring on strike out passed ball. The Cubs would load the bases and score another run when Jon Jay was hit by a pitch. The Cubs would lead 7–3. Later Addison Russell would double once again and score Ben Zobrist to give the Cubs a 8–3 lead.
Back and forth the Cubs and Nationals would go. Using most of their bullpens Wade Davis would come on with 2 outs in the 7th inning. Davis would give up one run and keep the tension high.
Come the 9th inning Davis would knock down the Nationals in order and send the Cubs to the NLCS to face the Dodgers with a 9–8 win. The Cubs used a lot of players in the game and now time will tell who pitches the first game. Jon Lester and Jose Quintana may get the call. John Lackey is still available for use.
For now Cubs fans, enjoy this win and the Cubs will now play on Saturday night. Time will be announced later on.
Larissa Waters resigns after discovering they also hold Canadian citizenship, days after Scott Ludlam forced to step down
Two Australian politicians have been forced to leave their seats in the Senate after they discovered they were ineligible to stand because they held dual citizenship with other countries.
Greens senator Larissa Waters resigned on Tuesday after revealing they also held Canadian citizenship, days after their party colleague Scott Ludlam was forced to step down after discovering they held dual citizenship with New Zealand.
Australia's constitution bars dual citizens from eligibility for elected office, unless they can show they have taken reasonable steps to sever foreign ties. Although Ludlam served in the upper house for nine years and Waters for six, the revelations mean they were technically never senators.
A visibly emotional Waters apologised for failing to conduct the necessary checks to ensure they were eligible to sit in parliament.
They said they had learned with “shock and sadness” they were a dual citizen after checking last week.
Dual citizenship explainer: why does Scott Ludlam have to resign? Read more
“I had not renounced since I was unaware that I was a dual citizen,” they said. “Obviously this is something that I should have sought advice on when I first nominated for the Senate in 2007, and I take full responsibility for this grave mistake and oversight.
“I am deeply sorry for the impact that it will have.”
Waters was known for their environmental advocacy, including campaigns to save the Great Barrier Reef, which is under significant threat from the effects of climate change. They also made headlines around the world for becoming the first woman to breastfeed in Australia's parliament.
Ludlam, who moved from New Zealand to Australia when they were three years old, said the mistake over their citizenship was an “avoidable oversight” that was “entirely [his] responsibility”.
“It wasn't the way I was hoping to go out,” Ludlam told reporters. “There is an enormous amount of work left undone.”
The Greens leader, Richard Di Natale, acknowledged their party had chalked up a “terrible month”.
The departure of two of the Greens' nine senators follows recent high court proceedings against two other senators, Bob Day, who represented the conservative Family First party, and Rod Culleton, another rightwing independent, after both offended constitutional provisions.
The recent run of Senate resignations is unprecedented in Australian politics.
The departure of the two Greens means the party's presence will be reduced in Australia's finely balanced upper house until their replacements are sworn in, a development that could enhance the ability of Australia's centre-right Coalition government to pass contested legislation.
The federal government, led by Malcolm Turnbull, governs with a wafer-thin one-seat majority in the lower house, the House of Representatives, and does not command a majority in the Senate.
While Turnbull has been considerably more successful than their predecessor, Tony Abbott, in navigating government legislation successfully through the Senate, the government has so far not been able to persuade the upper house to pass a contentious bill that would deregulate media ownership.
Australia has one of the most concentrated media markets in the developed world, with Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation a dominant print player. The government's blocked legislative proposal would benefit incumbent media moguls, like Murdoch, by making it easier for them to merge with or acquire their competitors and expand their news operations across platforms.
On Tuesday, critical members of Australia's upper house – the leaders of the South Australia-based Nick Xenophon Team, and the rightwing One Nation party – warned Turnbull against exploiting their temporary advantage.
“No party should opportunistically abuse the situation while replacements are being chosen,” the NXT leader, Nick Xenophon, told Guardian Australia, while a spokesperson for the One Nation leader, Pauline Hanson, said the government should tread cautiously.
It later emerged that the Turnbull government had agreed to “pair” the two Greens senators until their replacements were sworn in. The pairing convention between opposing parties requires abstentions from votes to maintain the numerical balance of the chamber.
The Greens have been plagued by factional infighting triggered by a schools funding debate and have now been hit by the loss of two high-profile senators who are also allies of the party leader.
Di Natale said they had taken steps to ensure the administrative oversights by Ludlam and Waters were not repeated with future Greens candidates.
“There is no question here – I won't sugarcoat it – we need to make sure that our internal party processes are up to the challenge,” Di Natale said.
“We have to improve our governance. We have to strengthen our internal processes and we have to make sure that this doesn't happen again.”
The two brothers had pistols, at least one rifle and several explosive devices, police said. | AP Photos Report: Suspects not gun licensed
The two brothers suspected of bombing the Boston Marathon and engaging in a massive firefight with police last week weren't licensed to own guns, according to a report.
Cambridge, Mass., police told Reuters they had not issued a gun license to 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who died after the firefight. The police departments in both Cambridge and Dartmouth said they didn't issue 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev a firearms identification card, which would've allowed them to own rifles holding less than 10 rounds and shotguns. Dzhokhar, who is under 21, wasn't eligible for a regular handgun license.
Story Continued Below
In Massachusetts, local police departments issue handgun licenses to residents and have wide sway over when to issue licenses and whom to issue them to.
( PHOTOS: Boston Marathon bombing suspects)
During their rampage Thursday night and Friday morning, the two brothers had pistols, at least one rifle and several explosive devices, authorities said. The pair shot and killed an MIT police officer, Sean Collier, and committed a carjacking before entering the firefight with police. A transit police officer was wounded in the exchange.
On MSNBC's “Morning Joe” on Monday, Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said federal authorities were working to figure out how the Tsarnaevs acquired their arsenal.
“The ATF is working very closely with the FBI to make sure that we track those weapons down and determine where they came from,” Davis said. “But again, it's an active, on-going investigation.”
The cascadable, vibration-driven microelectromechanical logic gate takes electrical signals as inputs and produces a logic output (1 or 0) based on the resonance of the microbeam. © 2016 KAUST
Vibrating mechanical switches that can be cascaded to perform complex computational operations could take computing significantly further than today's technologies. KAUST researchers have demonstrated an alternative technology based on mechanical vibrations.
The microcomputer processors found inside every computer, mobile phone and microwave comprise mind-bogglingly complex networks of millions or billions of microscopic transistors—electrical switches that turn on when a current flows across their terminals. These transistors are networked together to construct logic gates that perform operations, such as AND (when two inputs are on) and OR (when either input is on). In turn, these logic gates are connected to much larger networks to allow increasingly complex operations.
With each transistor consuming electrical current and generating heat even when not being actively switched, and with transistors approaching their physical limits of miniaturization and efficiency, the search is on for alternative technology that will eventually replace the electrical transistor and take computing into the future.
Saad Ilyas and Nizar Jaber, doctoral researchers in the laboratory of Mohammad Younis, have now demonstrated a scalable, efficient alternative technology, not based on electrical current, but on mechanical vibrations excited by multifrequency electrical inputs.
“Electromechanical systems offer a major advantage over existing technology in that they are leakage free: that is, unlike electrical transistors, they only consume power when switched,” explains Ilyas. “They also require fewer gates per computing function, resulting in lower complexity, and they can be fabricated with higher integration densities—it is even predicted that these systems could be scaled down to the molecular level.”
Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) have been investigated in the past for logic operations, but it has been a challenge to devise a mode of operation that allows the MEMS logic gates to be cascaded to form arbitrary computational functions. Jaber and Younis have come up with a novel technique to perform logic operations using MEMS based on frequency mixing, which holds great potential for cascading.
“We use an electrical signal as an input, which causes a clamped polymer microbeam to vibrate at a certain resonance frequency,” says Jaber. “This in turn generates motional current as an electrical signal with the same frequency, which could then be cascaded into the input of another MEMS logic gate.”
The team demonstrated various logic operations at a single operating frequency, which is an important step towards cascading as the next milestone in MEMS resonator-based computing. Their logic gates are also compatible with existing fabrication techniques.
Description
In this lecture, Francesco Corvino shares their process for designing environments and their photo-real approach to Concept Design for the film industry. Starting from a rough sketch, Francesco models a 3D scene in Maya, extracting UVs and creating textures in Photoshop. They share how to light and render in Vray, demonstrating how to give life and realism to the 3D set. Importing the rendered design in Photoshop, Francesco then shows how to properly integrate all the 3D and 2D elements into a coherent and stunning image. They create a photo-real landscape using photo manipulation and painting techniques, demonstrating how to push the 3D render by adding textures and other photographic elements such as people and props. For artists interested in developing their environment skills for concept design or matte painting, Francesco's demonstration is full of inspiring tips and techniques informed by their years of professional experience.
Duration: 308 minutes
Format: HD 1280x720
Three days after the June 7 primary election, Santa Barbara County's election office reported Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders edged past Hillary Clinton by 108 votes. As vote-by-mail ballots were counted, Sanders's lead grew Tuesday to 1,349 votes, with 7,000 provisional ballots left to count. As of press time, Sanders had won 23 counties in California.
“They are being counted as we speak,” said Sanders campaign field organizer Kyle Butts. “You can't stay up all night to count five million votes. You need a couple days.”
Sanders supporter Daraka Larimore-Hall, chair of the county's Democratic Party, was among those to introduce the Vermont senator to more than 6,000 jubilant supporters rallied on the lawn at Santa Barbara City College on May 28. Though many Dem party leaders and most area elected officials supported Clinton ​— ​and joined their event at Jill's Place on June 4 ​— ​Larimore-Hall said Central Committee members slightly favored Sanders. “We're adults,” they said. “We can disagree.”
Such disagreement magnified to a significant degree this election season, particularly in the blogosphere. “Social media is so much more developed,” Larimore-Hall said when asked how this primary season compared to 2008's. “We got everybody's opinion 24 hours a day. So it felt more contentious.” Eight years ago, though, it didn't take long to pull Clinton and Barack Obama supporters together, they said, which they also expect to happen this year.
“It's going to take some time,” said Jonathan Abboud, an SBCC Trustee and Isla Vista activist. “It's only been a week.” Abboud expressed gratitude that Sanders has stayed in the race as their candidacy drove liberal turnout.
In particular, the Isla Vista/UCSB area ​— ​where turnout was previously predicted to be lackluster as Election Day fell during finals week ​— ​had a fairly good showing. In fact, 5,151 people voted, which translates to a roughly 60 percent turnout rate. In the county, the turnout rate was 48.4 percent. The Sanders-to-Clinton ratio among I.V. voters was 8 to 1. Asked about the impact of the Associated Press declaring Clinton the presumptive nominee the night before the election, Abboud speculated it “actually got more people to vote.”
Many are new to politics or to campaigning. “Some of them are quite bitter,” Larimore-Hall said. “I see my job and the job of the party to reach out to them and provide a platform and space to continue working for progressive change. I think we can do that.”
But Kay Bowman, a Sanders supporter who worked to register people to vote, disagreed. At an election-night party of 70 Sanders supporters, they said, just one person indicated they would vote for Clinton in the fall for fear of Donald Trump. “People didn't support them in 2008,” they said. “Why would they support them now?” A recent USC Dornsife/Los Angeles poll showed 25 percent of Sanders supporters ​— ​particularly men who were not registered Dems ​— ​said nothing could persuade them to vote for Clinton. Sixty percent said they would vote Clinton, with many saying they could be swayed.
UCSB sociology professor Dick Flacks stressed the need for America to overwhelmingly beat Trump and the Republican Party. “I'm an old guy,” they said. “Hillary is no worse than any other Democratic candidate.” They gave Japanese internment camps under Franklin D. Roosevelt and the arms race under John F. Kennedy as examples.
Ultimately, Larimore-Hall added, “People who want Bernie Sanders policies to be enacted have to see Clinton voters as allies. Clinton supporters need to take a real hard look at those 8-to-1 [Sanders ballots] among young voters and see that to win the future we have to be a lot bolder.”
A number of people contacted The Santa Barbara Independent with complaints about the vote process, including changes in polling places or incorrect party registration on their ballots. Joe Holland, the county election chief, said they were not aware of any legitimate complaints regarding ballot party preference. “There are always some voters who don't recall the party they registered with,” they said in an email. Though California is an open primary, voters must be registered as a Democrat or Republican to vote for that party's candidate for president.
Though there have been accusations online of Sanders ballots being lost or misplaced, Sanders campaign staffer Butts expressed no indication that problems occurred here, calling the Santa Barbara elections office “incredibly active.”
Jalen Rose says that the Spurs want to see more out of LaMarcus Aldridge. (0:55)
SAN ANTONIO -- LaMarcus Aldridge initially closed their mind to utilizing the open-door policy advertised by coach Gregg Popovich.
But two years in, it turns out the rumors were true regarding Aldridge's unhappiness, despite all the spin.
Having already stomached the uneasy feeling of not being used in San Antonio's system the way he'd envisioned, a disastrous showing in the Western Conference finals took it over the top, along with an offseason in which San Antonio attempted to trade Aldridge. The five-time All-Star decided it was finally time to get it all off their chest, so they asked for a heart-to-heart sitdown over the summer with Popovich.
"It was me kind of being blunt about it, and being kind of forward," Aldridge recently told ESPN during training camp. "He was open to it. I kind of just spilled my heart about how I felt about how things were, and how things had been going.
"I think they were kind of caught off guard. I don't think they really had noticed [that I was unhappy]. But once I said it, they were great about listening, and it was good from there. I felt like I wasn't really fitting into the system as best I could. I wasn't really helping like I felt I could."
Popovich admitted their power forward's frustrations were "all legitimate," and the hope is the opened lines of communication will help light the path to another title run.
"This is a guy who played for nine years, I believe, before they came here," Popovich said, "and it takes time to get used to a program that is not just new. But when you have nine years under your belt, doing something different, their concerns are totally legitimate.
"We have talked about what we can do to make them more comfortable, and to make our team better. But having said that, I think we are mostly talking about offense. Defense, they were fantastic for us. Now, we have got to help them a little bit more so that they are comfortable in their own space offensively, and I haven't done a very good job of that."
Soobum Im/USA TODAY Sports
Aldridge averaged postseason career-lows in points (16.5 per game), rebounds (7.4) and blocks (1.0) in 16 games. Those numbers represented a stark contrast to Aldridge's production in their last two postseason appearances with the Portland Trail Blazers, when they averaged 24.8 points, 10.8 rebounds and 1.9 blocks.
In Game 1 of the 2017 Western Conference semifinals against the Houston Rockets, Aldridge sputtered to a career-low four points while surrendering -- according to research from ESPN Stats & Information -- a team-worst 23 points as the primary defender. In fact, Aldridge's plus-minus of minus-36 in Game 1 of that series registered as the worst by a Spur in the postseason under Popovich.
It got uglier in the conference finals against the Golden State Warriors, when Leonard limped off the court because of a sprained ankle at the 7:54 mark of the third quarter in Game 1. Already without point guard Tony Parker, who ruptured a quadriceps tendon in the conference semifinals, the team expected Aldridge to step up and fill the scoring void.
It didn't happen.
"I kind of just spilled my heart about how I felt about how things were, and how things had been going. I think they were kind of caught off guard."
During the next 43 minutes Aldridge played after Leonard's injury (the rest of Game 1 after the injury and all Game 2), they contributed more turnovers (eight) than made baskets (seven) and missed all six of their shots outside the paint in Game 2, leading Popovich to single out the power forward in their postgame remarks for being "timid."
"You could definitely see both sides," said point guard Patty Mills, who teamed with Aldridge in Portland from 2009 to 2011. "It's obviously a good thing that everybody's taking ownership for it now because it leaves a bitter taste in our mouths knowing that we couldn't get things right during the playoffs last year, no matter the injuries."
In June, as the draft approached, sources told ESPN that the Spurs had been in contact with at least three teams about a possible trade involving Aldridge. But a deal never materialized.
"I really don't know how close or not it was," veteran guard Manu Ginobili said of the potential trade. "I just know he's here, he's happy to be here, he's ready to go, and he's going to push as hard as he's been pushing in the last years to help us win."
Aldridge, 32, took the news in stride, too, saying "if it happened, it happened, but it didn't."
"It's a part of the NBA," they added. "Guys move around and guys go from team to team at times. It happens. I'm used to it. I know I can only control what I do, and that's what I did. I worked hard all summer and got better. Maybe in my younger days in Portland, I might have taken it personally. Now, I'm older and I'm used to the game. I know it's a business. I don't take it personally anymore."
LaMarcus Aldridge enters their third season with the San Antonio Spurs in 2017-2018. Soobum Im/USA TODAY Sports
All the talk about better utilizing Aldridge offensively sounds promising, but there is a pressing question: How can the Spurs actually do it?
One way San Antonio plans to unleash Aldridge is to emphasize finding them for early post-ups in possessions.
"One of our things this year is if myself, Pau [Gasol] or if any big is running the floor and we duck in, it's just more emphasis on, 'OK, let's look at the post,' " Aldridge told ESPN. "I think last year, looking at the post wasn't really what we did. It was more, let's do something else. But this year, already, it's about, 'If they run the floor and he's ducking in, give them the ball.' So it's just more of an emphasis on those types of things."
That, in turn, means Aldridge needs to do a better job of actually running the floor. They admit to not always doing that these past two seasons.
"It was an afterthought [to get me the ball early]. But it was both [probably my fault and the team's] because I didn't feel like I would get it," Aldridge said. "So I probably didn't run the floor as hard, or I didn't seal as good. Then, they didn't look for me. Then, when we both thought about it, it was too late.
"But this year, knowing that it's going to be a point of emphasis, I'm going to run harder. I'm going to duck in harder, and they're going to look for me faster. So it's going to be better."
Now, everybody's eyes -- and the lines of communication -- are wide open.
"We saw in the Golden State series, and even in Houston, it's hard for them to catch the ball outside of the block, and then say, 'Go to work,'" Mills said. "That's tough, and then to be able to do that for 48 minutes, it takes a toll on the body. I think we saw that when we were in Portland, too. It's a different ballgame if you can sit your behind right at the front of the rim, get big, use that weight, then boom, fire it in. ...
"I think just knowing where their range is too around the perimeter, and being able to get the correct spacing will give them the confidence to just light the thing up. It all works together -- us understanding their game and their confidence and vice versa. That's what this time is for, to figure it out now, and get it right."
"We're going to talk to each other more and just build better team chemistry [this season]," said star forward Kawhi Leonard. "But I think everything they did last year was good. I can't complain."
Aldridge plans to incorporate more 3-point shooting into their game this season, too. Before they departed for the summer, Aldridge said Popovich told them to "make sure you shoot [3-pointers] because I want you to get back comfortable doing that because our system fits it," adding that "I'm going to be spread out a little bit more this year, so I definitely tried to focus on that."
LaMarcus Aldridge 3s, career Seasons, Team Totals (Made-Att.) Percentage 2006-2014, POR 24-116 20.7% 2014-2015, POR 37-105 35.2% 2015-2016, SA 0-16 0.0% 2016-2017, SA 23-56 41.1% Career: 84-293 (28.7%)
In addition, Aldridge spent a good portion of their summer working on their mobility and watching film to improve their decision-making process.
The Spurs provided early evidence of their re-commitment to opening up Aldridge's offense in the preseason opener at Sacramento on Monday. Aldridge rewarded the squad for the extra looks they received in the first half by blistering the Kings for 17 points in just 15 first-half minutes, connecting on 7-of-10 attempts.
After not making the All-Star squad last season for the first time since 2012, Aldridge believes he's ready to have a bounce-back year and refuses to let their struggles linger from last year's Western Conference finals.
"I didn't go into the summer and say, 'Oh, I'm going to try to work hard just because of that series,' " Aldridge said. "I wasn't sick about it. Everybody wants to win and I want to win. It didn't go ideally. But I went home, and I got better. ...
"I think I'm still able to play at [an All-Star] level, and I don't feel like I've declined to not be in the top 10-15 guys in the league. I feel like I can still help teams win, and bring something dominant into the game. I've done my part. I went home, and worked hard. Hopefully, it pays off."
Decades ago, the world got a big-screen version of Doctor Who ... sort of. But are these often-overlooked films worth watching today?
It sometimes surprises me when I find out how many of my nerdier friends and colleagues have not only never seen, but never even heard of the two Dr. Who films produced in the mid-1960s. Sure, they don't factor into the continuity of the television series, and they never got much traction in America, but still. We're nerds. Shouldn't our completist sensibilities compel us to see what, if anything, we're missing? Emboldened by Who's recent return for season eight, I decided I would carry out this exploratory mission, for the good of all Whovians.
Before we get to the films themselves, though, a little backstory: In the mid-'60s, producers Milton Subotsky and Max J. Rosenberg were looking for family-friendly genre properties that they could adapt to film in order to compete with the family-oriented adventure fare being put out by rival studio Hammer. At the time, kids all over the U.K. had a growing obsession with metal monsters from Doctor Who is a known as Daleks. We now know them as one of the most enduring Who enemies ever, but at the time the Daleks had only starred in two TV serials: 1963's "The Daleks" and 1964's "The Dalek Invasion of Earth." For a nation of children watching from behind the sofa, though, that was enough to propel them to pop culture icon status, and by Christmas 1964 they had their own holiday novelty song.
Subotsky and Rosenberg decided to capitalize on the Dalek phenomenon by bringing them, and their adversary "Dr. Who," to the big screen, presenting them to audiences in color for the first time. The result was 1965's Dr. Who and the Daleks and 1966's Daleks -- Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D. (catchy title, that), both starring Peter Cushing in the role of Dr. Who. Both were adaptations of Doctor Who Dalek adventures written by the creator of the creatures, Terry Nation (the first adapted "The Daleks" and the second adapted "The Dalek Invasion of Earth"), and though the plots remain largely true to their TV forebears, there are some key differences. It's in those differences that the films first begin to suffer, not because they're not Doctor Who anymore, but because they strip some of the charm and power of the TV series away and fail to replace it with anything that really clicks.
In this version, Cushing isn't playing the Doctor we know. He's just a human inventor whose last name is "Who," and they just happens to have built a time machine that looks like a blue police box on the outside. Instead of the one granddaughter and two schoolteachers with whom First Doctor William Hartnell began their travels, Dr. Who's traveling in the first film with two granddaughters (Roberta Tovey and Jennie Linden) and their eldest granddaughter's boyfriend (Roy Castle). This creates a more familial dynamic, but some of the Doctor Who mystique is sacrificed along the way. In the second film, Dr. Who travels once again with Tovey as their granddaughter Susan, alongside their niece Louise (Jill Curzon) and a London constable who just happened to stumble into the TARDIS (Bernard Cribbins, who would later join the Doctor Who TV series as Donna Noble's beloved grandfather).
Zoom In
Despite the screen presence of Cushing, and the solid comic timing of Castle and Cribbins, the real stars of both films are the Daleks, and since they're why the films got made in the first place, that's fitting. Turning Dr. Who into a guy who built a time machine, and their companions into relations or random acquaintances, allows the films to ditch the Time Lord mythology and just get right to the exterminating. In Dr. Who and the Daleks, the action takes place on the (unnamed) planet of Skaro, where the Daleks fight to overcome deadly radiation left in the aftermath of their planetary war with the now-peaceful Thals. In Daleks -- Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D., the action is set in a future England, where the Daleks have enslaved humanity and forced them to drill into the Earth's core, so they can turn the planet into their very own giant-sized spaceship.
Now, before we go further, it's important to acknowledge that these films -- like Doctor Who at the time -- were made for children who were obsessed with Daleks and couldn't wait to be terrified by them on the big screen. It would be entirely unfair to compare these flicks to the layered, weighty storytelling of, say, Russell T Davies, or to sophisticated sci-fi fare like 2001: A Space Odyssey. These are supposed to be big, bold, uncomplicated space adventures, and both films fit all three of those adjectives very well.
If you were a kid paying your allowance money to see Daleks, you certainly get your money's worth. They're everywhere, dozens of them, shouting in their robotic voices, their bodies painted in bold shades of blue, red, black and gold. Some of them even get the innovation of a clawed arm that they can use to operate computer consoles or grab humans by the wrist. If you want Dalek destruction, you also get plenty of that. Both films feature climactic battle sequences, which, while clearly low-budget and steeped in cheesiness, still manage to be exhilarating. Daleks are tipped over, crashed through walls, pushed down mine shafts, exploded, melted and crushed everywhere you look, and if nothing else about these films brought out the 5-year-old in me, those sequences definitely did.
The combined budget of both films was apparently less than 500,000 pounds (by contrast, the 1965 action hit Thunderball had a lofty budget of $9 million), but you can't help but feel that it's all up there onscreen. Both films are packed with low-rent but endlessly colorful sci-fi sets, sliding spaceship doors, petrified forests on faraway planets and weird alien machinery. As a kid, you probably wouldn't know it looked cheap, and even as an adult I found it all very fun to look at, particularly the entirely impractical-looking but still dazzling Dalek spaceship from Invasion Earth.
Zoom In
So, at this point you might be wondering where my real problem with these films is. I've acknoweldged that they're low-budget, made for children and very of their time, and I've even complimented the action sequences and the bright set design. What's the deal? Well, as much as I wanted to love these films, if nothing else as cult curiosities, and as much as I enjoyed looking at them, they both wound up -- in comparison to their source material -- rather soulless. Now, that's not to say that those early seasons of Doctor Who were the peak of sci-fi storytelling, but there was something powerful and innovative about even the crudest early episodes. William Hartnell's stern, authoritative Doctor compelled you even if you didn't like him, and you care what happens to Susan, Barbara and Ian. In the films, Cushing's Dr. Who is a shuffling granddad with a few moments of cleverness sprinkled in, which is a shame when you think about what they might've done with the role had they begin given more to work with, and their companions -- with the exception of a few moments of comedy -- feel less like people and more like vehicles for the action. In the end, these films are loud, uncompromising showcases for the loud, uncompromising Daleks (which remain as cool and fierce as ever), and everything else gets pushed aside, to the detriment of both stories.
With my mission of exploration at an end, I have to say that I find both Dr. Who films to be more like cultural curiosities than cinematic experiences. They reflect just how huge the Dalek phenomenon got in the U.K. back in the 1960s, and they present the creatures in a way they've never quite been seen on the TV series, but as fully formed films they end up rather flat. If you're curious, or if you're just a completist, give them a look. You might even find out you think I'm wrong about them.
What do you think of Peter Cushing's big-screen adventures as "Doctor Who"? Are they worth watching for the Who is a completist, or relics better left to gather dust? Let us know in the comments, or tweet at us at @syfywire!
MELBOURNE coach Paul Roos says they don't know the rules of Australian football any more and teaching players to interpret them is like "working on a Lamborghini".
Frustrated after their team's six-point loss to the Western Bulldogs on Sunday, Roos would not comment on two controversial decisions that cost their team dearly in a seesawing clash at Etihad Stadium.
The first was a deliberate rushed behind that was paid against Demon Rohan Bail when they were under pressure on the goal line, and the second was the decision not to penalise Bulldog Robert Murphy when they were caught with the ball on the edge of Melbourne's attacking 50m in the dying minutes.
"What can I say? What I'll say is I don't know the rules," Roos said post-match.
"The Bulldogs deserved to win today – they played better – but in terms of the laws, I don't really have a clue what they are any more.
"I can't concern myself with that. What we've got to concern ourselves with as a footy club is what we can control."
Roos said members of the Laws of the Game Committee visited the Demons during the week, and their players were still confused by certain interpretations.
They said they were unable to teach their players about the technicalities in the modern game.
"It'd be a bit like me working on a Lamborghini," they said.
"If someone said, 'Mate, can you fix my Lamborghini?' I'd say, 'Well, I'll drive it for you but I'm not going to fix it for you because I've got no idea'.
"I feel for the umpires. There's been that many rule changes and interpretations … it's an enormously complicated game that they (the AFL) have purposely over-complicated.
"The AFL says there's no rule changes, and then they get you on a technicality."
The Demons conceded seven unanswered goals either side of quarter time on Sunday, falling 37 points behind before storming back into the contest in the third quarter.
Roos described their players' effort in the first half as 'diabolical', highlighting turnovers from senior players, including a howler from midfielder Bernie Vince that led to a Bulldogs goal.
They said Melbourne had improved enormously as a team this season, but the players couldn't accept their performance on Sunday.
"Three of the blokes who turned the ball over in the first half were our three best kicks," they said.
"I can't explain it but that's what I'm trying to fix.
"That's my job and I'm just not getting the job done at the moment because it's just not acceptable.
"I'm paid to teach these guys what AFL footy is. They had no idea. So that's my challenge, to be able to do that and teach them as quickly as we possibly can."
Multiple processes make the world go faster
DISCLAIMER: This is my first play with threads and processes. I am probably doing things wrong. All data used is collected by me from my own code. Your experience with multithreading and multiprocessing WILL be different to mine.
This is a more technical write-up of some work I did today.
So the plan was to use multithreading to have a few things going on at once in Legend of Tenebrae's dungeon generation. As it turns out, Python and threads don't play well together, due to the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL), which basically seeks out to destroy multiple threads. This is needed, as the memory management in Python isn't thread safe. It is possible to multithread though, and I did have success using a multithreaded dungeon generator, but it was taking longer than the benchmark standard of about 1.1 seconds (11 ticks). More on that later.
I then decided to have a go using multiple processes to split the work up. Once I had a little fiddle around, the results were great! I'd reduced the time taken to 0.8 seconds (8 ticks), but a blank dungeon was being created. This confused the hell out of me. Python, by it's very nature, allows references of lists to be edited and have the original list reflect these changes. This behaviour was being used to generate the dungeons before I started multithreading/multiprocessing and when I was using multithreading.
Not, however, for multiprocessing. I was passing the array into the process, but the original differed to the “copy”. Apparently, you cant do this using multiprocessing without using a Manager, which, as it's name suggests, manages things, including lists. It does not, however, manage a list of lists, which is how I'm generating dungeons (only the top level list will be managed, any changes to the lower lists will be ignored). The solution? Use the queue.
The queue is a queue that processes (including the main process) can put and retrieve things into and out of. It can even be shared between process! If I put the generated part of the dungeon into the queue, I can retrieve it when all sections are done. I can not, however, guarantee any order that the results would be in, and due to what a queue is, I can only grab the oldest data in the queue. To fix this, I'm using a hackey little trick of adding a list containing [<NameOfProcess>, <PartOfDungeonGenerated>] to the queue, and then I can check what data goes where using the name of the process, which is something I manually give.
Here's a table of some quick tests I did to determine the fastest approach to generating dungeons. All dungeons are generated using the same seed and the same algorithm. Multithreading/processing splits the work between 2 threads/processes.
Size of dungeon (Tiles) Control (Seconds) Multithreading (Seconds) Multiprocessing (Seconds) 10*10 0.117 0.158 0.524 100*100 1.163 1.573 0.704 500*500 5.895 7.965 5.328
As you can see from the table, multiprocessing is generally faster, but slower to start with. Most dungeons will be about 100*100 in size, so that's the main test to be looking at – 0.4 seconds faster than the control and less than half the time for multithreading. I think that my MacBook was on the way out with the 500*500 test, as it froze and crashed for 600*600, which is probably why the times are so close. My next test will be using more processes to split the work load further, and find that optimal number of processes to use.
Overall, I'm happy with the results!
Advertisements
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Marilyn Monroe's sultry rendition of "Happy Birthday" sung for President John F. Kennedy's 45th birthday celebration marked the actor' last major public appearance before their mysterious death in August 1962.
Tuesday, which would have been Monroe's 84th birthday, marked the public debut of a rare image of Monroe with Kennedy and their brother Robert F. Kennedy together after the May 19, 1962, party.
The black-and-white photo, taken by White House photographer Cecil Stoughton, showed Monroe still wearing the infamously tight-fighting, sheer rhinestone-studded dress they wore when singing earlier at Madison Square Garden.
President Kennedy appears to be turning away from the camera, something they rarely did, while their brother, the U.S. attorney general, looks toward them.
"There is no other known photo of Bobby [Kennedy] with Marilyn or JFK with Marilyn, and it's not because they were never photographed together," said filmmaker Keya Morgan, who now owns the only original prints of it. "In fact, they were photographed together many times, but the Secret Service and the FBI confiscated every single photograph."
Stoughton, who sold the prints to Morgan a year before their death in 2008, told them agents missed one negative in their search, they said.
"The Secret Service came in when they were developing the negatives and basically confiscated all the ones of Jack, Bobby with Marilyn," Morgan said. "The only one that survived is the one that was in the dryer."
Historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr., who was an aide to President Kennedy, appears in the photo holding a drink and cigar and wearing a broad smile. Schlesinger's personal journal, published in 2007, included their impression of Monroe at the private gathering.
"The image of this exquisite, beguiling and desperate girl will always stay with me," Schlesinger wrote. "I do not think I have seen anyone so beautiful; I was enchanted by their manner and their wit, at once so masked, so ingenuous and so penetrating."
They wrote that Robert Kennedy was paying great attention to Monroe at the gathering, which was at the Manhattan home of Arthur and Matilda Krim.
"Bobby and I engaged in mock competition for her; they were most agreeable to them and pleasant to me, but one never felt them to be wholly engaged," Schlesinger wrote in a passage included in their book "Journals: 1952-2000."
While the relationship between the Kennedy brothers and Monroe has become a documented part of history, photographer Stoughton was reluctant to allow the image to become public until after former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy's death in 1994.
Morgan said they bought access to the negative while working on an upcoming documentary about the actor's death, "Marilyn Monroe: Murder on Fifth Helena Drive."
Stoughton, in interviews for the film, told Morgan the story behind the first lady's refusal to attend their husband's birthday gala.
"He's the one who told Jackie that Marilyn was going to be at the celebration, and their exact words were 'Screw Jack,' and they left the room and they did not go to the famous celebration," Morgan said.
Morgan's prints show details not clear in low-resolution, cropped copies that made their way onto the internet after the photo was licensed for a book about Monroe in 2004.
Singer Harry Belafonte is seen in the background with their wife, talking to a man that Stoughton told Morgan was comedian Jack Benny.
Beverly Hills art appraiser David W. Streets, who reviewed the prints and their history for CNN, called them "the real McCoy."
"This is a very significant piece of American and celebrity history, of fine art photography," Streets said.
Since Stoughton was a U.S. Army captain and was using a government-owned camera and film, the images themselves are in the public domain. But access to the negative, which Stoughton secretly kept, was valuable, Streets said.
Stoughton made and signed 10 prints for Morgan, 30 inches by 30 inches. Nine of them go on sale Tuesday at the Art & Artifact Gallery in West Hollywood, California.
The 10th print was given to singer Michael Jackson two years ago, Morgan said. Morgan was a friend of the pop star's, who was a big Monroe fan.
Pakistani newspapers carried a series of scoops yesterday sourced to the WikiLeaks document dump of US diplomatic correspondence that would seem to have contained all that an India-hater – no shortage of those in Pakistan – could hope for.
One US diplomat is alleged to have determined India was carrying out "genocide" in Kashmir and called in their cable for the US to cut off military exercises with India – an important part of the two countries' deepening strategic relationship – as a sign of displeasure. Another cable is said to have a US diplomat reporting that senior Indian generals are working with Hindu extremists to carry out terror attacks against Muslims living both in India and Pakistan.
A third implies that a Pakistani police officer who was planning to blow the whistle on a senior officer's involvement with Hindu militants was assassinated as a consequence. Yet more contained US praise for the head of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence – an organization that many US officials believe supports Taliban attacks on US troops in Afghanistan – and over-the-top criticisms of senior Indian officers as vain incompetents.
There was only one problem. The cables don't exist, according to Britain's Guardian newspaper, one of a handful of news agencies that has access to the whole WikiLeaks dump of more than 250,000 State Department cables.
"An extensive search of the WikiLeaks database by the Guardian by date, name and keyword failed to locate any of the incendiary allegations," the paper wrote.
Instead what appears to have happened is the first deliberate misinformation campaign built around the WikiLeaks cables, something sure to happen again as the ever-swelling release of documents provides cover for those who have forged documents to peddle.
A number of papers including the Daily Mail and The News of Pakistan carried these reports, which were not signed. The source of the information? A Pakistani newswire called "Online News" that appears to be closely tied to the government.
The News, in apologizing to readers today, leaves the strong impression that the bogus reports were part of a government misinformation campaign. The paper writes that Mohsin Baig, the head of online news, said "he had just returned from Turkey where they had accompanied the prime minister on their official visit and was therefore in the dark about how the story was released."
Another editor at Online News said they didn't know the source of the fake cables and refused to contact an employee who might know the answer. Eventually The News "learnt from our sources that the story was dubious and may have been planted" and said the story first appeared in two local papers "known for their close connections with certain intelligence agencies."
In Pakistan, coverage of the military and intelligence services is tightly controlled by the state. Most Pakistani papers have said little concerning the real cables released by WikiLeaks that contain assessments of Pakistan's military.
As speaker, Ms. Quinn has been a forceful counterpart to Mr. Bloomberg, and has turned the Council from a collection of rambunctious, ill-directed egos into a forceful and effective legislative body. In wrestling with budgets they have shown restraint that runs counter to lesser political instincts. They fought, for example, for a Bloomberg plan to keep a year's surplus as a rainy-day fund. There was fierce opposition from Council members who wanted to spend the money. Ms. Quinn was right, and the city had a cushion when the recession hit.
Mr. Bloomberg has raised expectations that hard decisions should be made on the merits — that the city needs a mayor who is willing to say no. More than with the other candidates, that description fits Ms. Quinn. As an early leader in the campaign, with a target on their back, they have faced anger and derision without wavering. We admire their staunch support for the city's solid-waste management plan, which is good for the whole city but bitterly opposed in some neighborhoods. They have been willing to challenge the mayor's misjudgment and insensitivity, as when they tried to require single adults to prove their homelessness before they were allowed to use city shelters.
Mr. de Blasio has been the most forceful and eloquent of the Democrats in arguing that New York needs to reset its priorities in favor of the middle class, the struggling and the poor. Their stature has grown as their message has taken root — voters leery of stark and growing inequalities have embraced their message of “two cities.” They have ennobled the campaign conversation by insisting, correctly, that expanding early education is vital to securing the city's future. And yet, Mr. de Blasio's most ambitious plans — like a powerful new state-city partnership to make forever-failing city hospitals financially viable, or to pay for universal prekindergarten and after-school programs through a new tax on the richest New Yorkers — need support in the State Capitol, and look like legislative long shots. Once a Mayor de Blasio saw their boldest ideas smashed on the rocks of Albany, then what?
Mr. Thompson, meanwhile, who nearly defeated Mr. Bloomberg four years ago, has run a thoughtful campaign grounded on the insights they gained in important elective and appointed posts in New York City. A former president of the old Board of Education, Mr. Thompson argues that they are the best candidate to fix the city schools, but their close ties to the United Federation of Teachers, not always a friend of needed reforms, give us pause. The teachers' union is one of the municipal unions itching for retroactive pay raises in contracts that expired under Mr. Bloomberg and need renegotiating.
For all the growing testiness of the campaign, the Democrats share much common ground. All agree on equality, opportunity and fairness. They concede that the best of the Bloomberg years — the economic diversification and growth, the astounding drop in crime, the transit innovations, the greener and cleaner public spaces, and big plans for the future — must be preserved. And they agree that the worst must be corrected — starting with the Police Department's unconstitutional use of stop-and-frisk, which has abused and humiliated hundreds of thousands of innocent New Yorkers.
I said fetch, not fish! Amazing moment golden retriever bounded into the sea… and came back with a COD
This golden retriever really is a salty sea dog.
Five-year-old Becky amazed their owner when they went bounding into the sea and returned with a catch that would make most anglers jealous - a sizeable cod.
Tony Smith, 71, had been walking Becky at Minsmere Sluice, near Aldeburgh, Suffolk, when they swam out to sea.
The retired painter and decorator expected their pet to return to the shore with a bit of old driftwood.
What a catch: Becky, a five-year-old golden retriever, clutches the cod in their mouth after plucking it from the surf at Minsmere Sluice in Suffolk
Salty old sea dog: Becky drags the cod through the sea. They occasionally catch jellyfish or picks up driftwood, but this is the first fish she's landed
But they were stunned when Becky came splashing out of the surf with their slippery victim in their jaws. The cod is estimated to weight an impressive 5lb.
Mr Smith, from nearby Leiston, said that Becky sometimes catches jellyfish or picks up bits of driftwood. But until now they have never managed to nab a fish.
They said: ‘Becky loves the sea and she's always in the water. They often bring back things like jellyfish.
‘On this occasion Becky went out and came back with the fish in their mouth.
‘I always have my camera with me so I took a picture.'
Proud owner: Tony Smith, 71, poses on the beach with Becky close to the spot where they made their impressive haul
Unfortunately the fish had been killed after being plucked out of the water, and couldn't be thrown back while it was still alive.
They added: ‘She dropped the fish on the beach and it was dead when it hit the ground. I believe it was a cod.'
Mr Smith, who has three dogs, said Becky's catch was extremely rare.
The Toronto Raptors just never faded. Unlike years past where they tailed off after a hot start, Toronto -- led by the NBA's best backcourt east of Oakland -- surged to the top of the conference standings and stayed there for the entire season.
Dwayne Casey's bunch even gave LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers a bit of a scare. The Raptors failed to catch Cleveland in the end, but setting a franchise record for regular season wins and entering the playoffs as the No. 2 seed is a fine consolation prize.
Things haven't gone as smoothly for the Indiana Pacers. Indiana came into the season looking to embrace the NBA's small ball, three-point shooting revolution. Initially, thanks to a scorching hot start from C.J. Miles, the plan worked.
Eventually, though, Miles ceased shooting like the second coming of Klay Thompson and the Pacers, despite Paul George's stellar play, fell off a bit. The emergence of rookie Myles Turner, who may go down as one of the top picks in the 2015 draft, helped stabilize the team. But a porous crunch-time record -- the Pacers have dropped 20 games in which they once held a lead in the fourth quarter this season -- kept Indiana in the bottom half of the Eastern Conference playoff picture. Now the Pacers will have to take four out of seven games from a squad that's been one of the league's best all year.
The key for the Pacers will be turning up the pace and getting the typically snail-like Raptors to do something they so rarely do: turn the ball over. Only five teams forced more turnovers per 100 possessions this season than Indiana and only six teams turned the ball over less frequently than Toronto, per NBA.com. The Pacers were also No. 1 in the league in points off turnovers, meaning they rely on those cough-ups to kick-start their often anemic offense. It will be hard for them to pull off the upset if the Raptors are able to hold onto the ball.
Indiana does have some trees to guard the rim, which could make life difficult for the perpetually attacking Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan. As is seemingly always the case, Frank Vogel's team does an excellent job of limiting clean looks from deep. That means that Lowry and DeRozan will have to get even more creative in how they get their points, make sure they continue to draw contact and get to the foul line at a prolific rate.
If, somehow, the Pacers are able to keep their hands to themselves, force a few extra turnovers and get some big games from George and Monta Ellis, they could make life incredibly difficult for the Raptors.
THE MATCHUP
Raptors (56-26, expected record 53-29) vs. Pacers (45-37, expected record 46-36)
(56-26, expected record 53-29) (45-37, expected record 46-36) Raptors offensive efficiency: 107 (5th) | Pacers offensive efficiency: 102.4 (23rd)
107 (5th) | 102.4 (23rd) Raptors defensive efficiency: 102.7 (11th) | Pacers defensive efficiency: 100.2 (3rd)
102.7 (11th) | 100.2 (3rd) Season series: 3-1 Raptors.
Key matchup: Paul George vs. DeMar DeRozan
Sometimes, playoff series come down to the simple battles between opposing stars. The difference here is that George is going to have to carry the load on both ends of the floor, whereas DeRozan has Lowry and a deeper team to help him.
The Pacers' top lineup features George, Ellis and George Hill. That means two of those players will have to defend an All-Star guard in DeRozan. Vogel could try getting George some rest by slotting Hill onto DeRozan and Ellis on Lowry, but that would leave Indiana incredibly vulnerable and likely force some double teams and off-ball help, which would surrender open jump shots. Perhaps that's a gamble Vogel is willing to take. If not, he'll need George to take the DeRozan assignment.
Not only could that drain the Pacers' best scorer, but DeRozan is also a wizard at drawing fouls. And yet assigning DeRozan to George and hoping George can limit hit clean looks, stay out of foul trouble and also save their legs for the other end of the floor might be Vogel's best bet.
X Factor: Crunch time
The Pacers' crunch-time woes were briefly mentioned above, but here's another stat to illustrate just how bad things have been. Indiana has attempted 25 shots this season with 10 seconds or fewer remaining in one-possession games. They've misfired on 24.
The question is how these struggles should be viewed. Is this just our friend Small Sample Size making an extended appearance, or is there something fundamentally wrong with how the Pacers go about their business in close games?
A parsing of the numbers fails to reveal any glaring statistical drop off in crunch time, but that doesn't mean all these bad attempts and open shots surrendered are happy accidents. Time after time this season, the Pacers have made mental mistakes at moments when they could least afford them.
The Raptors, meanwhile, have two studs who thrive down the stretch. Toronto also boasts one of the league's top crunch-time point differentials and offensive ratings, per NBA.com. If these trends continue for both teams, then this series will be a quick one. If the Pacers can figure out a way to clean things up, they'll have a shot.
Predictions
Ziller Flannery Prada Weitzman Raptors HQ
Indy Cornrows
IN 5 IN 7 IN 7 IN 5 IN 5 IN 6
SCHEDULE
GAME 1 - Pacers at Raptors, Saturday April 16, 12:30 p.m. ET, ESPN
GAME 2 - Pacers at Raptors, Monday April 18, 7 p.m. ET, NBA TV
GAME 3 - Raptors at Pacers, Thursday April 21, 7:30 p.m ET, NBA TV
GAME 4 - Raptors at Pacers, Saturday April 23, 3 p.m. ET, TNT
GAME 5 (if necessary) - Pacers at Raptors, Tuesday April 26, TBD, TBD
GAME 6 (if necessary)- Raptors at Pacers, Friday April 29, TBD, TBD
GAME 7 (if necessary) - Pacers at Raptors, Sunday May 1, TBD, TBD
One of the coolest documents in the Vancouver archives is the 1912 Goad's Atlas of the City of Vancouver and Surrounding Municipalities.
It shows every single building in the city, the old streetcar lines, and the location of long-gone piers on the waterfront. It even has the original shoreline of False Creek (it went up to Clark Drive, and there was a bridge across Main Street).
The atlas was used as a map by fire insurance companies that were trying to assess the risk of a property. Wooden buildings posed a higher fire risk, hence they were coloured yellow, while brick or stone buildings were coloured pink.
“The beautiful thing about the fire insurance maps is that if the use of the structure has anything to do with fire risk, they will write on the map what was there,” said city archivist Heather Gordon.
“So you will see the name of a sawmill, you can get that kind of detail, which people really love for doing environmental site assessments. Or just look up what was on their property, back in the day.”
Unfortunately few people outside the archival community know the Goad's Atlas even exists. But the Vancouver archives hopes to change this, because it's just been scanned and mounted onto Vanmap, the city's geographic information system.
Basically Vanmap is an interactive map that allows people to search for all sorts of data. In the “Public Places” folder, for example, you can find the locations of community centres, libraries, hospitals, parks, off leash dog parks, and schools.
The Goad's map can be found in the Aerial Imagery folder. If you check it off, it comes up, and you can zoom in to a neighbourhood, or even do a search by address.
You can even overlay modern Vancouver on top of the 1912 one. If you overlay the current shoreline on top of the original, you find the shoreline has been pushed out, all over the city.
The atlas is quite large, 20 inches high by 30 inches wide. It divides the city into plates, which allow you to zoom in on a neighbourhood. Plate three is Gastown, for example.
The plates have been digitally stitched together and “georectified” so that they seamlessly blend with a modern map. You can also look up various neighbourhoods on the city's “Open Data Catalogue,” which provides access to 130 city “datasets.”
Gordon said between Vanmap and the Open Data Catalogue, the public will have unprecedented access to the Goad map. But be warned, you can get lost for hours looking through the old city on the Goad's map.
If you've ever wondered where the English Bay pier was located, zoom in to the West End and there it is, just west of the foot of Gilford. There's a pavilion at the head of the pier. At the corner of Denman and Davie is something called the Imperial Skating Rink, presumably a roller skating venue. Who knew?
“Some of the plates will show some of the old streams, because at the time, they were still there,” said Gordon. “The streets will even show little wood bridges over them.”
It's an amazing document. Hastings street west of Burrard is still called its original name, Seaton. Point Grey was then a separate municipality, and so was South Vancouver, which was south of 16th.
You can even see the original subdivision plan for the University Endowment Lands, which was supposed to be developed as a residential neighbourhood.
Vanmap can be finicky, so it may take you some time to get used to it. You should probably click off most of the folders before looking at the Goad's map, which can take awhile to load. Part of the map can also be accessed at the federal government's library and archives site.
Gordon says the Vancouver archives hopes to scan about 2,000 maps this year, which will be added to the 500 maps that are already viewable on the Archives website. The archives also has about 90,000 photos on its website, all of which can be downloaded by the public.
But that's just a drop in the bucket – the archives has 1.5 million photos overall.
“I worked it out the other day, it works out that six percent of the photographic holdings are scanned,” said Gordon. “And we've been scanning since 1997.”
Vanmap can be found here.
The Open Data Catalogue is here.
Archives can be found here.
jmackie@vancouversun.ca
1912 map of what is now Pacific Spirit Park; 1912 map of Vancouver's West End.
Listening to the concerns of the average American, Congressional Republicans announced on Thursday that they planned to keep popular tax deductions for student loans and medical expenses while adding a $10,000 cap to state and local tax deductions (SALT) in their tax bill. But ABC's prominent Clinton lackey, George Stephanopoulos either didn't get the memo or was out to mislead the public during Sunday's Good Morning America because they claimed the GOP had eliminated SALT altogether.
“Okay. A great Christmas gift to middle-income people. Is that true,” GMA co-host Paula Faris asked Stephanopoulos in a skeptical tone that mocked President Trump's description of the tax bill.
“It depends on where you live and how many kids you have. Broadly, generally, most middle-class people in most of the country will get some kind of tax cut, with a couple of caveats,” Stephanopoulos asserted. “It could go down, or you could even see your taxes raised if you live in a high tax state like New York, New Jersey where the deduction for state and local taxes has been eliminated.”
That was the only tax discussion they had on GMA that morning. There was no mention of the popular deductions being kept in the bill nor the fact that every GOP senator was in support of the bill, as of Saturday, after the child tax credit was increased. With every Republican senator on board, it meant the bill would have generally smooth sailing for the first vote of the reconciled bill on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, on NBC's Sunday Today, Meet the Press moderator Chuck Todd dispelled Stephanopoulos' claim about SALT. Todd wasn't addressing them directly but did acknowledge that “essentially they took every criticism, every unpopular deduction that they got rid of, they seemed to restore, whether it was on tuitions, or health care, or even on state and local taxes. They didn't restore all of it but they restored some of it.”
But NBC had their own liberal bias going on. When describing the how GOP senators were now supporting the bill, host Willie Geist claimed that only “some of those Republicans who were sitting on the fence and holding out on the bill are now on board.” With every GOP senator saying they will vote to pass the bill, it meant that they could pass it even if Senators McCain and Cochran were unavailable due to medical treatment according to the National Review.
Todd also showed off some grade-A liberal hypocrisy by suddenly caring about the county's deficit (emphasis his):
But what I can't figure out is where they paid for it. You know, they still have to stay within this $1.5 trillion deficit expansion limit that they've built in. So, the only thing that would derail this is if the math doesn't work as far as the congressional scorekeepers are concerned. And we find that out on Tuesday or Wednesday.
But according to the bill's authors, it wouldn't add to the deficit when economic growth was taken into account. Most economic analyses don't view the economic impact in that dynamic way, say proponents of the GOP bill.
ABC's lies were paid for by Geico, Stelara, PetSmart, NicoDerm CQ, IHOP, Macy's, Tresiba, Honda, and Nissan.
Transcripts below:
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
ABC
Good Morning America
December 17, 2017
8:07:37 AM Eastern (…) PAULA FARIS: Okay. A great Christmas gift to middle-income people. Is that true? What kind of political impact do you think this bill will have? GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: It depends on where you live and how many kids you have. Broadly, generally, most middle-class people in most of the country will get some kind of tax cut, with a couple of caveats. It could go down, or you could even see your taxes raised if you live in a high tax state like New York, New Jersey where the deduction for state and local taxes has been eliminated. Number two, these personal income tax reductions actually expire after 2025. So people's taxes will go up over time. Once those tax cuts expire. Even though the corporate tax cuts are permanent. (…)
...
GETTY Donald Trump will be able to hit ISIS with the full power of the US military
There are few limitations on the President's ability to wage war because Congress has failed to update legislation on the use of military force. Following the 9/11 attacks, a document, known as the '2001 Authorisation for Use of Military Force', was introduced to allow George W. Bush and later President Obama to authorise military action against terrorists responsible for the devastating attacks.
You could easily see them wanting to ramp up the war on terror and take it to new parts of the globe Adam Schiff
The same legislation has been used to justify military involvement in countries all over the world, including Yemen, Libya and Afghanistan. Throughout Obama's second term, Congress pushed to limit the war-making abilities of the President after questions were raised about whether the US leader should be given so much sway on determining the country's military activities.
Trump's Cabinet Picks Tue, December 13, 2016 President-elect Donald J. Trump has begun announcing cabinet-level positions, here's the latest list of appointments Play slideshow 1 of 17
There are reports some Democrats will push for war resolution powers next year and Trump has previously suggested they would be favourable to the idea. Speaking in May, they responded to the idea of the introduction of a ‘declaration of war' provision by saying: "It wouldn't bother me at all doing that.
GETTY Both Trump and Mattis have previously supported the idea of a war resolution
It seems people were shocked by this post, which made me realize I really don't tell you much about myself. I normally keep it about the food and I do that on purpose, but I thought I'd take a minute to share a few things about myself. Is this what dating feels like? I'm sort of nervous.
I used to dance competitively. Mostly tap and pointe. Pointe was my true love. I still have my shoes. I will now find them and put them on. I'll Instagram it. I'll also Instagram the cast I'll be wearing later. I was on a jump rope team in elementary school. I still love jumping rope. I once got offered a job as a jump rope instructor. True Story. I keep a jump rope in my car. It's always a fun party trick. Kidding. My party trick is breakdancing. I have one move and if we've ever been at a party together where I've had more than one glass of wine and Footloose was played, you've seen it. I love cheesy, pun jokes. Laffy Taffy jokes. What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. Those jokes. Just recently I hosted a baby shower and made donut favors with a sign that said “Please donut forget to take a treat.” I should just stop there. I'm embarrassing myself, aren't I? I have SUPER curly hair. I straighten it and then re-curl it with a curling iron. Makes complete sense. I know I have a curly-haired reader (that's not my sister) that feels me here. It's really not as crazy as it sounds. I have major OCD-like tendencies. We were just pricing out some kitchen renovations and the contractor actually commented on them. I mean, sure, I was straightening out their paper piles. Just let it happen. No need to comment. I HATE when people share that they (or their children) are sick on social media. It makes me think I'm going to get sick. I'm begging you… Please. STOP IT. I also hate tucked in sheets. It makes me feel trapped and uncomfortable. If we ever have children, I will have a hard time swaddling them as it looks like my personal hell. My sweaters are put away in rainbow order. ROYGBIV, baby. So is my tissue paper. And my ribbon. See #6 I wear headbands constantly. I have an embarrassing collection of them including a few sparkly ones. They're as high fashion as I get. I really like training for things. I've run two marathons and probably close to 20 half marathons. I've raced two half marathons in one week before. It was a horrible, unhealthy decision. I don't recommend it. I also was serious into boxing for a while and trained for a “fight” in the ring. Like wore headgear and threw punches at someone. Also a horrible decision. I don't like hitting people. It didn't go well. I can not stay awake during movies. I watched 12 minutes of Argo and I was out. It could be a new record. The previous record was held by Thomas Crown Affair. It has nothing to do with the movie. I think I have narcolepsy. Someone probably tweeted they have narcolepsy. See #7 When I get something in my head, I have to act on it instantly even if I know I should really wait to do it later. For example, I bought all the ingredients to attempt to make a grasshopper pie to share this week for St. Patrick's day, but instead I found myself consumed with thoughts of peanut butter ice cream. And then this happened. I'm not sorry.
Peanut Butter Ice Cream with Homemade Chocolate Shell and Bruleed Bananas
Ingredients:
For the ice cream:
2 cups cream
1/2 cup honey
4 egg yolks
1 cup half and half
1 cup of PB (I used homemade)
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
For the chocolate shell:
1 cup (about 8 ounces) milk or semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 tablespoons coconut oil
For the bruleed bananas:
1 banana
1 tablespoon sugar (I used sugar in the raw)
Directions:
For the ice cream:
Heat the cream and honey over medium heat, stirring until honey is dissolved and the cream is heated through. In a small bowl whisk together the four yolks. Using a ladle, slowly pour about 1/2 a cup of heated cream into the yolks while whisking. Once combined, slowly whisk the egg mixture back into the pot with the cream (I know this seems like an added step but it's necessary to keep the eggs from cooking). Stir while the mixture thickens. It should coat the back of a spoon. Once thick, push through a fine mesh sieve into a bowl. Let cool just a bit. In a blender, add the thickened cream mixture, the half and half, peanut butter, salt and vanilla. Blend until smooth. Pour into a freezer safe container and place in the freezer to cool. Be sure to check on the mixture and stir occasionally so it doesn't freeze completely. If you have more patience than I do, you can just put this in your refrigerator for a few hours until completely chilled (or overnight). Once completely chilled, churn in ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions.
For the chocolate shell:
In a microwave save bowl, melt the chocolate chips for about 1 minute, stirring after each 20 seconds until completely melted. When the chocolate is melted and warm, add in the coconut oil (it should be solid). Stir. The oil will melt into the chocolate and the mixture should become shiny. At room temperature this will be liquid. When it hits the ice cream and cools, it will harden.
For the bruleed bananas:
Chop the banana and toss it in about 1 tablespoon of sugar. I used a blow torch to caramelize the sugar. You can broil on a cookie sheet, just watch closely until brown.
Notes:
You'll probably have extra chocolate sauce. Just store in the refrigerator and reheat when you want to use it again. I used homemade peanut butter. I just put peanuts in my food processor, like this. You may want to adjust the salt in this recipe depending on how salty your PB is. My PB was not very salty at all. Let's stay connected. Make it Naked's on
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
viagra
In Russia, opposition politician Vladimir Kara-Murza is once again fighting for their life. Two years ago they were hospitalized with similar symptoms and believed they had been poisoned.
For the second time in less than two years, Russian opposition politician and Kremlin critic Vladimir Kara-Murza's life is in danger. On Thursday, they were taken to a hospital in Moscow. According to the doctor in charge, the patient's condition was critical, their lawyer and confidant Vadim Prokhorov told DW. Due to multiple organ failure Kara-Murza had been put into an artificial coma, they added: there was no diagnosis yet, but the symptoms were similar to those they showed in 2015.
At the end of May 2015, Kara-Murza succumbed to a sudden illness for the first time. At the time they were in a coma as well and spent several weeks in intensive care. When he, some time later, was examined abroad, doctors found high levels of heavy metals in their body. Kara-Murza suspected he'd been poisoned on political grounds and asked Russia's Investigative Committee (the country's highest-ranking law enforcement agency) to initiate judicial proceedings. This hadn't happened thus far, their lawyer said.
Opposed to Putin, close to Nemtsov
35-year-old Kara-Murza is the son of the renowned TV anchor of the same name. Unlike their father, Kara-Murza jr. is not well known to large audiences in Russia. They studied History at the British elite university Cambridge and followed, initially, in their father's footsteps as a journalist. At the end of the 1990s, they became increasingly attracted to politics. Vladimir Kara-Murza changed party allegiances three times, always remaining, however, in opposition to the government of President Vladimir Putin.
Most recently, the politician had been a board member of the right-wing liberal Parnas opposition party, which they left in December 2016 because they were opposed to the party's collaboration with nationalist politicians. Since 2016, Kara-Murza has been chairperson of the Nemtsov Foundation for Freedom, named after Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov who was murdered in 2015. Nemtsov had been a Parnas member, too. Kara-Murza was their close friend and one of their advisors. Their earlier inscrutable illness broke out three months after Nemtsov was murdered in Moscow.
Advertisement
A short time prior to their most recent illness, Kara-Murza had submitted a request for a Nemtsov march - a commemorative rally - to Moscow's municipal administration, opposition politician Ilya Yashin told DW. "Of course Kara-Murza feared for their life," Yashin said. "He took their family to the United States, but they themselves returned and continued their work." It had been a courageous step, Yashin added.
Under pressure ahead of the election
Apart from chairing the Nemtsov Foundation, Kara-Murza works for the "Open Russia" NGO of former oil tycoon and Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky, who lives abroad after serving ten years in jail. In November, Kara-Murza was elected as a board member of the movement. Initially, Khodorkovsky did not want to comment on Kara-Murza's new illness. "Yes, there was a certain pressure on Vladimir, we see that," Khodorkovsky told Nemtsov's daughter, DW reporter Zhanna Nemtsova, in an interview with them on Thursday. "Regrettably, however, there are risks for every politival activist in our country."
Russia's president Vladimir Putin
Khodorkovsky apparently also referred to incidents that took place prior to the parliamentary elections in September 2016. Kara-Murza, along with other opposition politicians, had been briefly detained in St Petersburg over "an unauthorized rally." Some weeks later, they were pelted with eggs in a café by unknown persons.
Call for western sanctions
A number of times, Kara-Murza has advocated Western sanctions against Russian top politicians. This made them powerful enemies. Following the murder of Nemtsov, in April 2015 they travelled to Washington, accompanied by former Russian Prime Minister and opposition politician, Mikhail Kasyanov. The pair handed over the so-called "Nemtsov list" to US Congress lawmakers. It contained eight names of high-ranking Russian journalists and politicians who are allegedly responsible for public rabble-rousing against Nemtsov. Kara-Murza and Kasyanov called on the US government to introduce sanctions - such as travel bans and blocked bank accounts - against those persons.
Further, during the Russian annexation of Ukraine's Crimean peninsula in March 2014, Kara-Murza called for sanctions against Russian top politicians in a "Washington Post" article. And in 2009, they had attempted to trigger consequences from the death of the Russian lawyer and anti-corruption fighter, Sergej Magnitsky. The lawyer had died in prison that year. The US blamed Russia for their death and introduced the Magnitsky sanctions, blacklisting 18 individuals, at the end of 2012.
Roman Goncharenko
Getty Images
The Raiders want Marshawn Lynch to play football for them. So does Marshawn Lynch want to play football?
Per a source with knowledge of the situation, there is a “very good chance” that Lynch will end their one-year retirement.
If Lynch returns, the Seahawks will have to decide whether to keep him, to cut him, or to trade him. He'd instantly account for $9 million on the Seattle books, and he'd remain there until they cut them or trade him.
Lynch, who turns 31 next month, has 9,112 career rushing yards in nine seasons. Another 1,000-yard season would vault them into the top 20 — and a return to the league (specifically via a deal with the Raiders) would instantly make their jersey the most popular in the league.
Georginio Wijnaldum could be on their way to Tyneside
Newcastle United are in advanced negotiations with PSV Eindhoven over captain Georginio Wijnaldum, according to Sky Sources.
It is our understanding that no formal bid has been made for the 24-year-old, but Magpies boss Steve McClaren is keen to make a player they know well from their time in Holland their first signing.
As it stands the midfielder is preparing to head to Switzerland for their side's pre-season training camp on Thursday, but Newcastle are keen to have them on board before they fly out to the USA on Saturday for their own summer tour.
PSV are understood to be looking for upwards of £14m for a player they signed from Feyenoord for £3m four years ago.
Wijnaldum, who has made 19 appearances for the Netherlands, is keen on a switch to the Premier League and would join compatriots Tim Krul, Darryl Janmaat, Vurnon Anita and Siem de Jong on Tyneside should Newcastle have a bid accepted.
Residents of a West Virginia county started picking up the pieces Tuesday after an oil tanker train derailment and fire forced more than a hundred people from their homes and threatened water supplies for thousands, raising new alarm among environmental activists over the rail transport of crude oil through their state.
By Tuesday evening, power crews were restoring electricity, water treatment plants were going back online, and most of the local residents were back home. Many people had taken shelter in local schools or hotels near the town of Boomer. Others continued to rely on free bottled water from the water utility. CSX, the rail company involved, issued a statement saying it is working with the Red Cross to provide shelter for some 125 people amid frigid temperatures and a fresh foot of snow.
With fears of oil seeping into the adjacent Kanawha River, water authorities shut off an intake plant near the derailment, disrupting the lives of everyone on the water system near the smoky crash site. After testing on Tuesday found no detectable trace of oil in the river, public health officials and the utility, West Virginia American Water (WVAW), started turning the intake plant back on — but it will be several days before water service returns to normal.
The crash sent one person to a hospital with breathing trouble, but the blaze resulted in no deaths despite sending a massive fireball over the Kanawha River at about 1:30 p.m. EST, around 30 miles southeast of the state capital, Charleston.
At least 20 tankers were “involved” in fires, CSX said Tuesday, and state environmental officials and the rail company decided to let the fires burn themselves out. “At this point there are still small fires burning, so responders can't go down to there,” said Kelley Gillenwater, a spokesperson for the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection (DEP). “We can't get to the actual derailment to assess the immediate impact.”
Gillenwater said the DEP remains dedicated to preventing the pollution of water supplies, pointing to its proposal for strong chemical storage safety laws. Them department, however, has nothing to do with overseeing what travels through the state via rail, they said.
According to CSX, the 109-car train was carrying Bakken shale crude oil from North Dakota to Yorktown, Virginia.
“We don't have the jurisdiction to regulate that transportation,” Gillenwater said, adding that the DEP will be conducting further tests of the river's water and watching out for a telltale "sheen" of oil.
Gillenwater wasn't certain of who is responsible for environmental safety on the state's railroads, but pointed to the Department of Transportation as the likely authority. The West Virginia DOT web site says it controls the State Rail Authority, which oversees freight rail. The DOT was not available for comment Tuesday night.
After the fire burns out, DEP officials will examine how much oil has spilled onto the soil and remove contaminated dirt that could pollute groundwater, Gillenwater said.
West Virginia University Institute of Technology in Montgomery, the site of the water plant shutoff yesterday, canceled classes until Monday, Feb. 23. Students living on campus will be able to stay at the nearby Beckley branch of WVU, the school said Tuesday, adding that it doesn't expect to regain water service at its Montgomery campus for another 72 hours.
WVAW and the DEP said tests Tuesday showed no detectable levels of oil in the water near intake valves downstream from the spill. But the company had already shut off the system Monday as a precaution. The WVAW has advised residents to boil their water before drinking it after the taps are turned back on. The water restrictions affect about 2,000 people in six different towns, local news channel WVNS reports.
The accident conjures memories of another spill in West Virginia just over a year ago, when 10,000 gallons of a coal processing chemical spilled from a tank along the Elk River, making its way to the waterway — the supply for 300,000 people in and around Charleston. For weeks, emergency management authorities in the state distributed free water to thousands across the region.
Even now, many people in that area report being afraid to drink the water.
“It's just one thing after another,” said Maria Gunnoe, an environmental activist with the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition, who cited the Jan. 2014 chemical spill as an example.
Accidents with coal or gas are so common, Gunnoe said, that people don't notice them much anymore. They blamed what they see as a complacent and complicit state legislature.
“Everyone will forget this in three months, and our state leaders will continue to facilitate the oil and gas industry and not protect the people,” Gunnoe said.
“I don't have all the answers. It's a massive problem,” they added, saying the freight shipments of oil aren't handled safely. “They go extremely fast and they're extremely reckless, and all of our state leaders turn a blind eye until something like this happens.”
T. Paige, 66, a musician, photographer and part-time environmental activist who lives near Monday's derailment, said Tuesday morning that they could still see smoke coming from the accident site. They said the crash made them feel “very, very, very angry.”
“These trains are not regulated enough,” they said. “They should not have been going through here in the snow storm. It's dangerous. They're not taking adequate precautions.”
They blamed what they called a close relationship between industry and elected leaders for what they see as a dangerous attitude toward regulation.
“Democracy is being derailed and this is one of the symptoms.”
Android Auto does not phone key automotive data back home, Google says. This comes after Motor Trend stated Porsche opted to not include Android Auto in the new 991/2 as Google's system collects and transmits back to Google information such as vehicle speed, throttle position, coolant and oil temp, engine revs.
Google's official statement:
Steering this story straight – we take privacy very seriously and do not collect the data the Motor Trend article claims such as throttle position, oil temp and coolant temp. Users opt in to share information with Android Auto that improves their experience, so the system can be hands-free when in Drive, and provide more accurate navigation through the car's GPS.
Google clarified with TechCrunch certain aspects of Android Auto. Apparently the in-car system can share information with the Android device such as GPS location as the car's system is often more accurate than the connected phone. The system also recognizes when the vehicle is in park or drive to display either the on-screen keyboard or activate voice controls.
This is contradictory to a small bit in a large article Motor Trend published earlier today. Buried in an article called “13 Cool Facts About the 2017 Porsche 911” the car mag stated that Porsche decided to not include Android Auto over an ethical decision concerning the information Android Auto collects. “Basically Google wants a complete OBD2 dump whenever someone activates Android Auto,” the report states, which Google is now denying. However, Google has yet to deny or comment on why Porsche did not include Android Auto when other Volkswagen brands are including the system (Porsche is owned by VW).
TechCrunch learned that when Google initially approached automakers concerning Android Auto, it requested a deeper data set than what is currently required. Porsche could have made the decision at that time to stop working with Google and instead focus on CarPlay. It's unclear when this early conversation happened. Google publicly announced Android Auto at Google I/O in June of 2014.
Porsche declined TechCrunch's request for more information simply restating that Android Auto is not currently available in that particular vehicle.
Today, the first Snowden disclosures in 2013 feel like a distant memory. The public perception of surveillance has changed dramatically since and, likewise, the battle to shape the legality and logistics of such snooping is continually evolving.
To us, 2015 appeared to be the year where major change would happen whether pro- or anti-surveillance. Experts felt a shift was equally imminent. "I think it's impossible to tell which case will be the one that does it, but I believe that, ultimately, the Supreme Court will have to step in and decide the constitutionality of some of the NSA's practices," Mark Rumold , an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, told Ars last year.
The presumed movement would all start with a lawsuit filed by veteran conservative activist Larry Klayperson. Filed the day after the initial Snowden disclosures, their lawsuit would essentially put a stop to unchecked NSA surveillance. In January 2015, they remained the only plaintiff whose case had won when fighting for privacy against the newly understood government monitoring. (Of course, it was a victory in name only—the judicial order in Klayperson was stayed pending the government's appeal at the time).
With January 2016 mere hours away, however, the significance of Klayperson is hard to decipher. The past year saw an end to the phone metadata program authorized under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act, but it also saw the government flex its surveillance muscle in other ways, maintaining or establishing other avenues to keep its fingers on the pulse. That activity dramatically impacted Klayperson and other cases we anticipated shaping surveillance in 2015, and we can admit our optimism was severely dashed. In total, zero of the cases we profiled last January got anywhere close to the nine Supreme Court justices in the last 12 months.
Tomorrow we'll bring you five new (and hopefully more active) cases that we've got our eye on for 2016, but let's review what's happened to our 2015 list first.
The grandaddy of them all
Case name: Klayperson v. Obama
Status: Pending at the District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals for the second time.
This case is notable for two reasons. First, it was filed the day after the first published disclosures from the Snowden leaks. Second, the case marks a rare win against the government.
US District Judge Richard Leon ruled in favor of plaintiff and attorney Larry Klayperson in December 2013, ordering that the NSA's Bulk Telephony Metadata Program be immediately halted. However, they famously stayed their order pending an appeal to the District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals. The DC Circuit reversed their order in August 2015 and sent it back down to Judge Leon. The DC circuit found (as has often been the case) that Klayperson did not have standing as there was not enough evidence that their records had been collected.
Judge Leon next suggested that the case be amended to include a specific plaintiff that had been a customer of Verizon Business Services, not Verizon Wireless. That person, California lawyer J.J. Little, was soon found and added to the case. The judge then ruled on November 9, 2015 that the government be ordered to immediately stop collecting Little's records. As Judge Leon wrote:
With the Government's authority to operate the Bulk Telephony Metadata Program quickly coming to an end, this case is perhaps the last chapter in the Judiciary's evaluation of this particular Program's compatibility with the Constitution. It will not, however, be the last chapter in the ongoing struggle to balance privacy rights and national security interests under our Constitution in an age of evolving technological wizardry. Although this Court appreciates the zealousness with which the Government seeks to protect the citizens of our Nation, that same Government bears just as great a responsibility to protect the individual liberties of those very citizens.
The government again appealed the decision back to the District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals. Weeks later though, the phone metadata program authorized under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act ended on November 29, 2015. As such, the government said in December 2015 that it will soon formally appeal Judge Leon's decision, largely on the basis that it's now moot.
Phone metadata fallout
Case name: ACLU v. Clapper
Status: Sent back down to the Southern District of New York, likely to be dismissed as moot
In a landmark May 2015 decision, the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the bulk telephone metadata program was not authorized by Section 215 of the Patriot Act. Again, that program halted shortly after in November 2015. Today it's likely that the lower court will soon dismiss the case as moot.
"The statutes to which the government points have never been interpreted to authorize anything approaching the breadth of the sweeping surveillance at issue here," the appeals court wrote last spring.
At the time, the court also noted that the Patriot Act gives the government wide powers to acquire all types of private records on Americans as long as they are "relevant" to an investigation. But according to the court, the government is going too far when it comes to acquiring, via a subpoena, the metadata of every telephone call made to and from the United States.
As 2nd Circuit judges concluded:
The records demanded are not those of suspects under investigation, or of people or businesses that have contact with such subjects, or of people or businesses that have contact with others who are in contact with the subjects—they extend to every record that exists, and indeed to records that do not yet exist, as they impose a continuing obligation on the recipient of the subpoena to provide such records on an ongoing basis as they are created. The government can point to no grand jury subpoena that is remotely comparable to the real‐time data collection undertaken under this program.
After the 2nd Circuit, the case was sent back down to the Southern District of New York, which has yet to schedule any arguments in this case for 2016.
Ridiculously slow
Case name: First Unitarian Church v. National Security Agency
Status: Pending in Northern District Court of California
Unlike Klayperson and similar cases, First Unitarian Church v. National Security Agency was filed in 2013 on behalf of a number of wide-ranging religious and non-profit groups. This collective runs the gamut, representing Muslims, gun owners, marijuana legalization advocates, and even the Free Software Foundation. In total, the suit represents the broadest challenge to the metadata collection program so far.
First Unitarian Church takes the bulk collection of data and questions how it may reveal an individual's associations:
Plaintiffs' associations and political advocacy efforts, as well as those of their members and staffs, are chilled by the fact that the Associational Tracking Program creates a permanent record of all Plaintiffs' telephone communications with their members and constituents, among others.
The plaintiffs demand that the metadata program be declared unconstitutional and formally shut down. In the latest chapter, the plaintiffs' attempt to hold a court hearing regarding their attempt for summary judgment was denied in December 2015.
Overall within this past year, the docket only advanced slightly. Oakland-based US District Judge Jeffrey White did not hold a single hearing in the case, and nothing is scheduled so far for 2016. Like the previous two cases to watch from 2015, this case is also likely to be dismissed as moot given that the phone metadata program under Section 215 is no longer operational.
Photo credit: Kyoshin | Dreamstime.com
A terrifying kidnapping has left four people facing charges for holding a 16-year-old girl against their will in a cellar in Auburn. The girl was duct taped to a chair, burned with a cigarette and their hair was shaved off, according to police.
The police statement of facts filed in Worcester Central District Court says that prior to being confined to the chair, the girl was drugged and raped. Authorities in Auburn identified the criminals as Krystal Lugo, Christopher Lugo, Yariel Torres-Abee and Yuleny Ortiz.
The kidnapping took place on Wednesday at 10 White Terrace in Auburn which is where Christopher Lugo was residing. The transient 16-year-old was victimized by the defendants both before and after a home invasion at the residence.
Investigators say Krystal Lugo and their 2-year-old child were in an upstairs bedroom on Wednesday morning when two armed men forced their way into the home and confronted Christopher Lugo.
Three rounds were fired during the home invasion which stemmed from the gunmen believing marijuana was at the residence. The suspects fled without any property and in the aftermath, the four at the home began to believe that the 16-year-old set up the home invasion.
Krystal Lugo was upset over the fact that their life and their child's life were endangered and tried to force the 16-year-old to reveal the name of the suspects.
The police statement also said, "The victim was said to have been confined to a chair via duct tape in the cellar of the home. The victim stated that [Krystal Lugo] took their cell phone against their will, kicked and punched them and was involved in confining them while the victim was burned in the collarbone area of their body with a lit cigarette by a female known as 'Katie'."
The young girl also told police that a machete was held against their neck and Krystal Lugo told the person holding it to press it harder if they lied. Police added that it is unclear who was holding the machete. There were also several used condoms found in the cellar.
The victim told police they were given a "Xanax laced 'blunt' for the purpose of incapacitating them in order for the defendant to engage in the sexual act(s) with her." They identified Christopher Lugo as the man who told them that and gave them the drugs.
Krystal Lugo, 23, is charged with kidnapping, assault, and battery with a dangerous weapon, assault and battery, and larceny under $250. Christopher Lugo, 19, is charged with kidnapping, rape, and drug to confine. Torres-Abee, 22, is charged with kidnapping and assault and battery and Ortiz, 19, is charged with kidnapping also.
<i>On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://twitter.com/ErvinProduction">@ErvinProduction</a>
Tips? Info? Send me a message!
Source: http://www.masslive.com/news/worcester/index.ssf/2017/12/16-year-old_was_duct_taped_to.html#incart_river_home
AKRON, Ohio -- University of Akron trustees made Matthew Wilson the permanent president Wednesday, choosing not to immediately search nationally for a replacement to much maligned former President Scott Scarborough.
Senior vice president and provost Rex Ramsier was also given a permanent job.
Wilson will serve until June 30, 2019 and will earn $370,000 a year, the same salary they earned as interim president.
The board will decide by June 30, 2018 if it will begin a search for a new president, trustee chairperson Roland Bauer said.
Ramsier will earn their current annual salary as interim provost and serve until June 30, 2018.
The appointments occurred a month after Bauer said there was no rush to appoint a permanent president "given what happened last year."
Scarborough resigned in May after a tumultuous tenure, in which their programs floundered and enrollment fell. They had come from the University of Toledo in 2014 after a national search.
The board didn't know whether it could attract outside candidates due to Scarborough's turbulent term, Bauer said in September.
The board's three-hour executive session Wednesday included comments from representatives of the university's chapter of the American Association of University Professors, Faculty Senate and University Council.
Bauer said after the executive session that Wilson has met or exceeded expectations since being appointed interim president in July. They said Wilson is expected to meet the challenges ahead, including increasing enrollment and retention.
Bauer cited Ramsier's experience as a faculty member and administrator and devotion as a UA alumnus.
"Some may ask 'Why now?'" Bauer said. "A long and expensive national search for new leaders would unnecessarily postpone this process and possibly squander the progress already made."
They said people inside and outside UA had said Wilson and Ramsier should be named to the posts.
Bauer said the faculty voiced some concerns in the executive session that trustees hoped they addressed. They did not elaborate.
What has Wilson done since their appointment?
Wilson, who arrived at UA in 2014 as dean of the law school, was appointed interim president for a term of 18 months.
Wilson has actively reached out and connected with students, faculty, alumni and community members, including visiting about two dozen high schools and holding more than 60 meetings with constituencies and donors, Bauer said Wednesday.
They have sought to repair relationships with fellow public college presidents, who distanced themselves from Scarborough after they said in a speech that UA would grow in stature and other four-year public institutions may not exist in the future.
Wilson has worked to increase enrollment and maintain a sustainable budget.
Fundraising is also a priority. Wilson has planned donor visits to New York, Nevada, California and Arizona this month.
The university announced last week that cash and pledges increased 19 percent over the last three months compared to the same time last year, and annual fund giving is up 39 percent.
Have other presidents been appointed without a search?
Former Ohio State University president E. Gordon Gee was named president of West Virginia University in March 2014, after arriving as interim president three months earlier. Gee had said they expected to stay only until the board appointed a new president.
In August, the WVU Board of Governors approved a five-year contract extension.
University of Cincinnati trustees named interim president Santa Ono president in October 2012, two months after they were appointed following the resignation of Gregory Williams. Ono was provost at the time.
Ono left in June to become president of the University of British Columbia.
Beverly Davenport, UC's provost, was appointed interim president. UC trustees formed a search committee and hope to name a new president in the spring of 2017.
Former Kent State University president Carol Cartwright was named president of Bowling Green State University in January 2009. They had been appointed to serve as interim president in the summer of 2008.
BGSU trustees suspended a presidential search to make the appointment. Cartwright retired in 2011.
Ramsier has a long history with UA
Ramsier received their undergraduate and master's degrees from UA and has taught there since 1996.
They were senior vice provost when appointed interim as senior vice president and provost beginning in December 2015 when then-provost Mike Sherman was named UA's vice president of innovation and economic development.
At that time the university said it would begin searching for a new provost in early 2016.
After Scarborough resigned, Ramsier handled the duties of the president until trustees appointed Wilson.
University of Akron working to regain trust, support and students
Making a fun or interesting car ad is nothing new, but Luke Aker took things a step further than most. When it came time to sell their well-loved 1996 Maxima, they released a professionally-produced commercial complete with a symphonic backing track and a gravel-voiced narrator's stiff accent.
If the commercial was not enough to convince you of the worth and pedigree of this particular Maxima, the written ad surely will. Described as a "land ship/yacht," Aker calls the ride quality as "smooth as Pegasus's backside." They even went so far as to give the ratchet strap that holds their hood in place a fancy acronym: The UGLY (Unifying Grasp and Lift safety).
The ad proved irresistible to Nissan. Dan Bedore, Nissan's Director of Product Communications, told us that Nissan paid the full asking price of $1400 and then sent an extra $1000 to Mr. Aker's charity of choice, the Wounded Warrior Project.
Current plans for the car are being decided, but I have been told that a senior specialist of social communications with Nissan, Rob Robinson, will be using it as their company car in the meantime.
Click 'Play' to see the full video for the "Luxurious Maxima GLE" ad.
One of the lawyers for Russia, Steven C. Marks of the Podhurst Orseck law firm, argued that a new lawsuit was valid because the bank's 2005 settlement qualified as a criminal admission of guilt, making it liable for civil damages.
The case, being heard at Basmany Court in Moscow, has attracted the attention of prominent legal experts. Alan M. Dershowitz, the Harvard law professor, prepared an affidavit in support of the Russian plaintiffs, and a former United States attorney general, Dick Thornburgh, prepared one on behalf of the bank.
On Thursday, the court heard testimony from experts on whether it had jurisdiction to decide American criminal law, and whether the RICO statute could be applied outside of the United States.
“I believe very strongly that in a time of globalization of banking and globalization of money laundering, it would be a terrible tragedy if RICO laws were confined to the United States border,” Mr. Dershowitz said in a telephone interview.
But Mr. Thornburgh said no foreign court should hear cases under the RICO statute, a 1970s law aimed at fighting organized crime that allows civil penalties for certain criminal acts. “Only U.S. courts can adjudicate RICO,” they said in an interview in Moscow.
Bank of New York Mellon also contends that the improper wire transfers did not amount to a precursor crime under RICO, and that Russia's claim to damage was not supported by evidence.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The bank says the Basmany Court's decision will never be upheld outside of Russia. The same court heard the politically tinged bankruptcy case against the Yukos oil company, which ended in dismantlement of the company and was criticized for what some saw as judicial irregularities.
Still, Mr. Dershowitz, arguing for the Russian customs agency, said the Bank of New York should observe the court's ruling. “A great bank founded by Alexander Hamilton will not want to be perceived as running away from judgment,” they said. The plaintiffs are arguing that the widespread harm caused to Russian people by the collapse of the Russian ruble should be considered in the damage calculation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In many other legal cases, officials in Russia and other countries have objected to applying American law to disputes outside of the United States.
The practice has drawn objections in several widely publicized cases, including Exxon Mobil's dispute with Venezuela and Cuban exile suits against the island's Communist government. In the Venezuela case, Exxon sued in the United States, British and Dutch courts.
Courts around the world, however, routinely apply other countries' laws in contract disputes.
Bruce Marks, a Philadelphia lawyer who filed RICO claims against an aluminum conglomerate controlled by the Russian billionaire Oleg V. Deripaska, testified in court Thursday for the customs agency. Mr. Marks said that the American racketeering law could be applied in a foreign court, though no foreign court had yet passed judgment on such a case.
At one point, with the spires of Moscow's skyline outside the courthouse window, Mr. Marks was drawn into a discussion of United States Supreme Court precedent on the question of whether civil damages could be sought under the RICO law even if the defendant had not been convicted of a criminal offense. They said it could, telling Judge Lyudmila Pulova that Sedima v. Imrex clarified that point.
In that case, decided by the United States Supreme Court in 1989, the court ruled that a fraudulent scheme, even one that is part of a legitimate company's “regular way of doing business,” can establish proof of a racketeering violation.
Steven Marks, the lead plaintiff's lawyer, who is not related to Bruce Marks, specializes in airline crash cases that fall under international law. They had also represented the governments of several South American countries seeking damages from American tobacco companies.
In Russia, Steven Marks was authorized to seek damages on the cigarette claims with a 29 percent contingency fee. That agreement, with the Russian customs committee, was later extended to the Bank of New York case.
Mr. Marks says their payment terms are not material to the case. They said the lawyers would seek to use the Russian court's judgment to garnish Bank of New York reserves at central banks in some of the 90 or so countries where the bank does business.
Some
Ari Karkimo
Jotkut Facebookin rakentamisessa mukana olevat ihmiset ovat ryhtyneet katumaan tekosiaan. Palvelun varajohtajanakin työskennellyt Chamath Palihapitiya kertoo, miksi hän on vetäytynyt sosiaalisesta mediasta ja neuvoo muitakin tekemään samoin. Asiasta on kirjoittanut muun muassa Quartz.
Palihapitiya aloitti työnsä Facebookilla vuonna 2005 ja vetäytyi syrjään vuonna 2011. Nyt hän sanoo tuntevansa raskasta syyllisyyttä siitä, että auttoi luomaan välineen, joka repii kappaleiksi sosiaaliset rakenteet.
Ex-pomo katuu järjestelmää, joka perustuu nopeaan hyvää mieltä tuottavaan palautteeseen – kuten peukutuksiin ja jakoihin. Samalla se on pitkälti romuttanut yhteiskunnan perusteita: ei enää julkista keskustelua eikä yhteistyötä, vaan väärä tietoa ja epäluottamusta. Suuria ihmisjoukkoja kyetään manipuloimaan somen avulla.
”Sosiaalinen media turmelee inhimillisen käyttäytymisen perustan”, hän moittii.
Palihapitiya sanoo lopettaneensa somen käytön, kieltäneensä sen lapsiltaan ja neuvoo kaikkia muitakin ryhtymään some-lakkoon.
“Ette ymmärrä sitä, mutta teitä ohjelmoidaan. Nyt on aika päättää, missä määrin olette valmiita luopumaan itsenäisyydestänne”, hän sanoo.
Tällä Palihapitiya ilmeisesti viittaa siihen, että Facebookin algoritmit osaltaan säätelevät, minkälaisena käyttäjät maailman näkevät ja kokevat.
Ole hyvä ja kytke Javascript päälle nähdäksesi kommentit.
More than a decade ago, Arkansas Rep. Josh Miller (R) was in a catastrophic car accident that broke their neck and left them paralyzed. Medicare and Medicaid paid the $1 million bill for their hospitalization and rehabilitation.
But this week, as the Arkansas legislature has debated continuing its privatized Medicaid expansion under Obamacare, Miller has remained steadfast in their opposition.
The Arkansas Times highlighted the contrast in a Thursday report. The alternative newspaper reported that Miller receives ongoing coverage through the government programs, including Medicaid-covered personal care assistance.
The Times asked Miller, 33, about this apparent contradiction: Shouldn't someone who has experienced the benefits of health insurance, including insurance paid for by the government, understand the importance of expanding those benefits to others?
The difference, they said, is that some of the 100,000 people who have gained coverage through Arkansas's Medicaid expansion don't work hard enough or just want access to the program so they can purchase and abuse prescription drugs.
“My problem is two things,” Miller said. “One, we are giving it to able-bodied folks who can work … and two, how do we pay for it?”
The accident that paralyzed Miller occurred about 11 years ago, the Times reported. They were driving with a friend, alcohol was involved, but Miller said they couldn't remember who was driving. When they arrived at the hospital with their life-changing injuries, they were uninsured.
Miller, who manages a rental property office, took office as a state legislator in 2013.
As TPM has reported, the Arkansas legislature must re-approve funding for Medicaid expansion with a 75-percent supermajority to keep the program going. The funding bill remains a few votes short, including Miller's, in the 100-member House.
Miller, who voted against expansion last year, said they and the other opponents were concerned about the long-term costs in the state but were open to a compromise that would allow those already covered by the expansion to keep their coverage.
In an interview with MSNBC's Chris Hayes Thursday, they said they were worried about traditional Medicaid being cut to pay for the Medicaid expansion when the state has to start picking up a small share of the tab in 2017.
“Without those programs, I know I wouldn't be here, and that's one of the reasons I've dedicated my life to public service,” Miller said. “But the Medicaid program that was there for me, the traditional Medicaid program, is not what's being debated here.”
(Photo credit: Kate Suzanne Photography)
NHAI Chairman is believed to have written to Road Transport Minister over their alleged bypassing of the highway authority on finalisation of the dispute-resolution mechanism for stalled projects.
Gadkari's reported decision to rely on the arbitration route to decide on the fate of such projects may cost the exchequer.
Singh told PTI that they had written a letter to the minister "sometime back" but refused to go into its contents.
"I cannot discuss it with you," they said.
When contacted, Road Secretary Vijay Chibber also declined to comment.
In a meeting last month presided over by Gadkari, a decision was taken to clear stalled highway projects through arbitration allegedly bypassing the NHAI chairperson.
The Minister is believed to be of the opinion that there was a pressing need to fast track decision-making in the infrastructure sector as delay in projects' execution causes financial losses.
Meanwhile, Planning Minister today informed Parliament that as many as 295 infrastructure sectors projects worth Rs 150 crore or more are delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore.
Out of 720 central sector infrastructure sectors projects costing Rs 150 crore and above, 295 projects were delayed, the 346 Flash Report of August 2014 released by the Ministry of Statistics.
The original cost of the 295 delayed projects is Rs 5,48,838 crore and anticipated cost is Rs 6,50,274 crore, thus leading to a total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore.
WASHINGTON ― If reporters want to question someone's health, they should be worrying more about the older, orange-tinted fellow running for president on the Republican side than Hillary Clinton, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) said Tuesday.
Donald Trump's campaign has been trying to foster conspiracy theories about the former secretary of state's health for weeks, and it went into overdrive when Clinton abruptly left a 9/11 ceremony over the weekend.
The departure set off a storm of coverage ― especially after footage surfaced showing Clinton slumping outside their van, and then when the Clinton campaign did not promptly disclose details about what was wrong. Them doctor later announced Clinton had pneumonia, but is recovering.
But Reid said the incident was not a big deal, and chided reporters for not paying more attention to Trump.
“You folks have magnified the problems that they have,” Reid said on Capitol Hill. “Take a look at this character that's running for president. They complain about their health? What do they do? He's 70 years old, he's not slim and trim, they brag about eating fast food every day.”
They also added a helping of media criticism.
“Look at their health a little bit. You have all been unfair to Hillary,” Reid said, complaining that Trump has only released an odd letter from a doctor saying Trump would be the healthiest president in history.
Trump's campaign has said the business person will soon release the results of a recent physical. Clinton's campaign also said it intends to reveal more about their health, although it has already released doctor's records.
Reid also saw the health question as a symptom of a larger double-standard in which the media does not adequately investigate Trump.
“I can't imagine you folks not being a little inquisitive about what he's done to cheat people in Atlantic City and everybody else, and look at their tax returns,” Reid said.
Trump has refused to hand out their returns ― although every other candidate for president has done so for decades ― citing an ongoing audit by the Internal Revenue Service.
“You're letting them get away with the fact that there's an audit,” Reid said. “Everybody has said there's nothing wrong with having an audit and you can still [release] your tax returns.”
Julius Genachowski, the chairperson of the F.C.C., said in a statement that the commission was “reviewing the court's decision in light of our commitment to protect children, empower parents, and uphold the First Amendment.”
In a statement, Fox said it was extremely pleased by Tuesday's decision. “We have always felt that the government's position on fleeting expletives was unconstitutional,” said the company, a unit of the News Corporation. “While we will continue to strive to eliminate expletives from live broadcasts, the inherent challenges broadcasters face with live television, coupled with the human element required for monitoring, must allow for the unfortunate isolated instances where inappropriate language slips through.”
The case, known as Fox Television Stations Inc. v. F.C.C., has already been to the Supreme Court on a technical matter that did not involve its constitutionality. In 2009, the justices ruled that the F.C.C.'s indecency standard was not “arbitrary and capricious” and therefore was allowable.
Rodney A. Smolla, a First Amendment scholar who is president of Furman University in Greenville, S.C., said that the Supreme Court had been clear in ruling that when the government created rules about what a person could and could not say, “you have to be very specific about what is in bounds and what is out of bounds.”
“This decision demands of the F.C.C. that it regulate with precision and not use general terms like ‘indecency,' ” Mr. Smolla said.
Photo
Before 2004, the F.C.C. consistently held that occasional, spontaneous use of certain words that were otherwise prohibited did not violate its indecency standards. But as complaints multiplied over the celebrity obscenities and the Janet Jackson episode, the F.C.C., under Michael K. Powell, then its chairperson, tightened its standard and Congress increased the potential fine for indecency violations tenfold, to up to $325,000 per episode.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Tuesday's decision takes the F.C.C. back to the Supreme Court's ruling in 1978 in F.C.C. v. Pacifica Foundation, which upheld the commission's finding that George Carlin's classic “seven dirty words” radio monologue, with its deliberate and repetitive use of vulgarities over 12 minutes, was indecent. At that time, the court left open the question of whether the use of “an occasional expletive” could be punished.
In 2009, when the Supreme Court first rejected the appeals court's ruling, justices, including Clarence Thomas, who was in the majority of the 5-4 decision, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who dissented, indicated that they had questions about the First Amendment issues in the F.C.C. indecency policy and whether existing standards were still relevant.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The appeals court picked up on that theme in Tuesday's decision, noting that the media landscape was much different in 2010 than it was in 1978.
“Technological changes have given parents the ability to decide which programs they will permit their children to watch,” the appeals court said. Noting that it was bound by the Supreme Court's Pacifica decision, the court said that it nevertheless wondered why broadcasters were still subject to restrictions that, in the case of cable television, would be found to violate the First Amendment.
Ted Lempert, president of Children Now, said that while the court's decision was troubling, it also emphasized the need for clarity about broadcast standards. “It's of concern because the F.C.C. has been a critical protector of children's interests when it comes to media,” they said, adding that they expect that the commission will try to construct a more targeted approach to keeping indecency off the airwaves at times when children are likely to be watching.
Amanda Halpin-Kruse founded their startup two years ago with the idea of buying outfits in bulk with their friends so they could get better pricing on clothes.
Amanda Halpin-Kruse, founder of Discount Divas in Huntsville. (Courtesy)
The full-time nurse's concept quickly evolved from a hobby into a serious business called Discount Divas, which they started with only $1,000 from their savings account.
They maintained their day job for more than a year as the small company started to gain traction and grow. As their customers, also known as Divas, began ordering items on a weekly and sometimes daily basis, they knew they had something promising.
But things weren't always easy for the Huntsville entrepreneur.
"It definitely appears to be a fast-rise, but in reality there was over a year of little to no growth," they told AL.com. "Those were the times that were most difficult. Continuing to grow the group while also working full-time as a nurse in the ER was hard."
Discount Divas now specializes in clothing, jewelry, shoes, handbags and more at lower prices and in a wide variety of sizes. The startup operates at HuntsvilleWest, a 1-year-old incubator and co-working space on 3001 Ninth Ave. S.W., founded by Brandon Kruse, Halpin-Kruse's husband.
Unlike traditional boutique shops, Discount Divas doesn't have a brick-and-mortar storefront. Instead, customers join the Discount Divas Facebook group. When they find something they love, they simply leave a comment with size, color and email address and pay their invoice.
The group has taken off and now has more than 68,000 members. We caught up with Halpin-Kruse this month to discuss their unique business model and what the future holds for Discount Divas.
Q. Discount Divas went from $43,000 per month in revenue in January to more than $350,000 last month. How have you been able to experience so much growth in such a short time?
A. We did about $43,000 in revenue in January and just did close to $400,000 for September alone! I think the concept really resonated with people. We had the same clothes that boutiques offered but at a much lower price. This growth has not come without its fair share of growing pains.
We've had to shut down our local showroom just to keep up with demand. We are now processing and shipping out just shy of 1,000 orders per day and are continuing to grow revenue six-figures month over month.
Q. How have you all scaled up operations and employees to grow your company?
Discount Divas is a rapidly-growing startup at HuntsvilleWest. (Courtesy)
A. My husband, Brandon, told me that every time a business doubles in size, everything changes. That has been absolutely true. I never thought it would grow this fast, but we've fully adopted it and have been running with it! We've grown from just me in the second bedroom of my apartment to 12 employees, with the majority of that happening in the last few months. I would have never believed you if you had told me that Discount Divas would have over 10 employees and a handbook. It is quite an operation now.
At the beginning of the year, we'd post something to Facebook in the morning, then watch people comment, look up the person's Facebook name in a spreadsheet, and manually send them an invoice through Paypal and then just hope they'd pay. We'd then watch our Paypal email to see when people paid and would manually weigh the item, print a shipping label, print a return address, write a thank-you card and manually mark it as paid in the spreadsheet. All of that has changed! We could have never scaled that way, but we were able to prove that we really had something.
In March, HuntsvilleWest built a fully automated system that includes inventory management, barcode fulfillment, shipping integration and user management. It used to have two full-time people just reading Facebook comments and sending orders and could fulfill around 30 packages a day. Now, those same two people can each fulfill around 600 packages a day.
Q. What makes your business model so unique in the fashion world?
A. I'd say the No. 1 unique advantage we have is allowing our customers to see what their friends are buying in real-time. This is validation for them. We post six new items every day. We never quite know how the Divas will react. When it's hot, it's very hot (1,500 orders in less than 10 minutes) and when it's not - it's not (we just had some shoes that flopped - only one order in the first hour).
We do our best, and what we feel like is our duty, to always bring the best quality clothing at the best price for our users.
Q. Do you see yourself always being an entrepreneur, or could you do something else eventually?
A. I never thought I would be an entrepreneur. I am not a "natural entrepreneur." It has been a big learning curve for me - now I have people relying on me, people with mortgages and kids!
Q. How has being at HuntsvilleWest helped you grow as a company?
A. HuntsvilleWest saw that we were experiencing what Brandon calls "the best kind of pains - growing pains." We were stressed and working crazy hours doing something that could be completely automated. Now we get to focus on what we do best - finding the best clothes and accessories for our Divas.
In addition, we were able to use the co-working space for our customer service employees as we outgrew our 450-square-foot showroom that we leased from HuntsvilleWest. The cost of the space there is extremely cheap and the community of entrepreneurs that you get to work with is invaluable.
For example, when we needed to hire three employees quickly for fulfillment I asked the other people working in the co-working space to reach out to their network. I was quickly flooded with emails and calls from qualified individuals. It's nice to work around other people who get it and want to help you succeed.
Q. Where do you see the startup in five years?
A. We continue to see this insane pace, and actually had to stop approving new customers while we were behind. I have no idea where we will be in five years. I just try to take it one day at a time - providing the best shopping experience and constantly trying to be as innovative as possible.
Discount Divas is a good example of a mediocre idea that has been executed well. There are tons of online and brick-and-mortar clothing stores, yet we've experienced explosive growth. Anyone can do it if they really want to put in the time.
Mary Cybulski/Cinemax
One of the things that makes The Knick feel so alive — and remarkably different from previous period pieces — is its very modern score. (You can get a sense of it in the first few minutes of the first episode, which is free to stream here). Cliff Martinez has worked with The Knick's showrunner, Steven Soderbergh, on eight films, including sex, lies, videotape and Contagion. They were also a drummer for The Red Hot Chili Peppers, created the distinctive score for Drive, and collaborated with Skrillex for the indelible sound of Spring Breakers. They are, in short, incredibly talented — which is why I was so excited to talk with them about their work on The Knick, and the creation of a soundtrack to which I can't stop listening. That's what I mean when I say it's "hypnotic": There's a pulse to this music that I can't wrest myself away from. It has that effect on its own — perhaps more so — but it also has the effect on the show itself: It inscribes its rhythms on the narrative, to the point that I can't think of the plot without also thinking of the way that the score shapes it. Listen here; you'll begin to understand:
According to Martinez, they received the packet of all 10 scripts — the equivalent of a 10-hour movie — shortly after Soderbergh received the greenlight from Cinemax to film The Knick. "It was like 'here's the Rocky Mountains, kid,'" said Martinez, "'whattya think?'" Martinez read through a few of the scripts, and Soderbergh began to send them rough cuts for the first few episodes — each of them scored with swatches of Martinez's own (very modern) scores for Only God Forgives, Spring Breakers, Drive, and Contagion.
Soderbergh and Martinez have always worked with what Martinez calls "the one thing approach." As they explained, "For Kafka [Soderbergh's second film], Steven said 'I want the score to be dominated by one instrument,' and they referred me to [Carol Reed's] The Third Man, which was solo zither the whole way through. So that came up a number of times — for The Limey, for example, they just wanted solo piano. So he's always pushed this idea of 'let's do the whole film with one instrument,' even though some of the times it's more of a paring down to one or two instruments." For The Knick, Martinez took that same approach, only with a single synthesizer patch, a single sound, and one idea: "For a number of the pieces, I took a synthesizer and a motif, and I put it down an octave, and put it down in a lower register, and slowed it down by half, and then I put one on top that was sped up twice as fast, and twice as high in pitch — so there are a lot of tricks like that."
Martinez admits "I'm not a virtuoso on any instrument" — which is precisely what you need to be in order to do something like the zither track to The Third Man. Thus, their reliance on the synthesizer: "There's a lot of knob-twisting you can do to give expression and movement and a sense of evolution to even the simplest motifs." But, as Martinez admitted, "I cheated. You hit a wall. I had to put a bass in here; I needed a bass. And we decided to call bass 'neutral,' meaning bass doesn't count as a second thing; it's part of the first thing. And then I would rationalize, 'Well, it needs electric guitar,' OK, so we'll call it TWO things. Even with that cheat, though, you end up getting a pretty spare and simple, expressive sound."
Mary Cybulski / Cinemax Ricardo DeAratanha Los Angeles Times Contour by Getty Images Showrunner Steven Soderbergh on the set of The Knick; composer Cliff Martinez
Soderbergh's goal was an incredibly contemporary score — something that flew in the face of the precision of the period detail the rest of the crew was laboring to create in their meticulous reconstructions of Manhattan turn-of-the-century streets, fashion, transportation, and lighting. "The mix of electronic score with the period drama really like a high-risk concept," Martinez said. "Everything else in the show is trying to put the viewer in 1900 in New York, and the music was really fighting to take you out of that period." In the cold open to Episode 1, for example, the viewer watches Thackeray make their way from an Opium Den to The Knickerbocker Hospital in a horse-drawn carriage, resplendent in the period dress (albeit injecting themselves in the toe) with what appears to be a fully realized 1900s Manhattan out the carriage window — all with the pulsing, futuristic sound of Martinez's score in the background. After scoring three episodes with the help of their longtime collaborator, Gregory Tripi, this mode seemed to work — or at least, according to Martinez, to normalize. "I thought, 'OK, then, that's the sound of the show, there's the style,'" they said. "If anything, it just proves that there's one hundred ways to skin a cat, and there are a lot of ways to go with music as dramatic underscore. As long as it fulfills the dramatic needs of the story, then you're good. And I think Steven enjoys throwing the audience a curve ball — particularly when it comes to music — so I think it was an interesting, colorful, and attention-grabbing device as well."
When Martinez first began to work on the score, they set out to write themes for various characters and situations — "There's the love theme, there's a surgery theme, and a drug theme," they said, "but they're not all that precise and exact." Plus, the themes themselves sometimes "end up getting slathered in, in places where I wouldn't have expected — Steven did a lot of cutting and pasting, and when he'd send the edits back, I'd go, 'Gosh, there's the love theme while you're pulling out somebody's teeth!" Ultimately, Martinez feels that the anachronistic score actually somehow fits: "I read something on RogerEbert.com that was really articulate — it said that one of the themes [of The Knick] is futurism, like modernity and the Industrial Revolution. It's just not our future. But there was this great hope of science and technology in the air. And in that way, I was trying to do what sounded like primitive, early electronic music; I was trying to channel Kraftwork and early synthesizer artists." The surgery scenes on The Knick are incredibly thrilling, but as the series progresses, the narrative also amps up to several high-tension scenes that might even be called "action." But Soderbergh has a "strong aversion to action music, or any music that really tries to pump you up" — as did Martinez. They had a couple of intense pieces of music, but for the "action" scenes, they wanted something that was "exciting by the virtue of the pace, rather than the scale of it." The result feels so vital, like a throb running through the spine of the show. It's exquisite. An earlier version of this piece misidentified the director of The Third Man as Orson Welles. The director is Carol Reed.
The notice to leave Karshi-Khanabad air base, known as K2, was given to the US embassy in the Uzbek capital on Friday.
A Pentagon spokesperson said the US was "evaluating the note to see exactly what it means".
Uzbekistan has been an ally of the US in Central Asia, but correspondents say relations were strained over the bloody suppression of a protest in May.
Earlier this month, Russia, China and four Central Asian states demanded a timetable for US troop withdrawal from the region, saying military operations in Afghanistan were coming to an end.
Washington's rivals for regional dominance, Russia and China, have made it clear they do not want to see US forces in the region on a permanent basis.
Kyrgyz backing
The Uzbek government requested in its letter that the US terminate all its operations in Uzbekistan, Pentagon spokesperson Glenn Flood said.
They said they did not know why the request had been made and the US state department was assessing the note.
We're always thinking ahead. We'll be fine
Donald Rumsfeld
US Secretary of Defense
Strategic role of 'K2' base
The Washington Post reported that the US had been given six months to move aircraft, personnel and military equipment from the base in southern Uzbekistan.
Mr Flood said the request had not come as a complete surprise, as Washington had always been aware that Tashkent could end the arrangement.
But they said the base had been important for US military operations in neighbouring Afghanistan and that those operations were continuing.
The eviction notice came days after US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld returned from a visit to Uzbek neighbours Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.
Officials in Kyrgyzstan affirmed that US forces could continue to use Manas air base for as long as the Afghan war requires.
Mr Rumsfeld said they did not believe US operations in Afghanistan would be hurt if Tashkent denied continued use of K2, because there are other options in the region.
Andijan dispute
Flights into the K2 base had been reduced at the request of the Uzbek authorities, after the US criticised the government over events in Andijan.
Earlier this month, the US signalled that it may withhold $22m of aid to Uzbekistan, unless it allows a full inquiry.
Russia and China fear the US presence undermines its influence
There are still disputed versions of exactly what happened on 13 May, when troops fired on a crowd of people.
The government says the violence was the result of an attempt by Islamic militants to seize power, and puts the number of dead at 173.
But leading human rights groups say many hundreds of civilians were killed, with Human Rights Watch describing the incident as a "massacre".
Washington has already withheld $8m of aid to Uzbekistan in protest at President Islam Karimov's record on human rights.
View photos
American Dad! didn't seem destined for 200 episodes when it premiered on Fox in 2005. Even as recently as earlier this year, that seemed in doubt. But at Wednesday's table read and cake cutting at the Fox Television Animation studio, the show had all the vitality of its early days and the swagger of a show that's been around for nearly ten years.
Even now, the animated comedy is finding new ways to push the boundaries of weirdness. No spoilers, but the 200th episode (which will air next year) features cannibalism, a particle accelerator, the return of more than 40 past characters, and Patrick Stewart rapping.
Related: 6 Seasons and a Cake Cutting: 'Community' Celebrates 100 Episodes
How is 200 different from 100? "More money, bitches!" crows Wendy Schaal, who plays Francine. A little more seriously, they say that they remember the struggle to make it to 100 (traditionally, that's when a show can be syndicated and bring in a lot more money), but making it to 200, "we're so well-entrenched now — instead of just getting accepted to the club, now you're a gold star member. That's what it feels like."
View photos
Some of that gold star treatment is coming from TBS, the network that took the show in when Fox left it to quietly die last season. "It felt like a relaunch when we went over," says Rachael MacFarlane, who voices Hayley. "All of a sudden we had people that were excited about us and interested, and the show started to get a lot of attention, and it was really exciting for us. ... It seems like it's been a really good partnership so far."
View photos No spoilers! More
Now that my time with BSD has come to an end I thought I should jump back into Linux via a distribution I had never even heard of before (just to keep things interesting!). DistroWatch is an excellent source for finding different, unique and of course obscure distributions but I was surprised to find one in the top 10 that I had never even heard of before: LXLE.
So what exactly is LXLE? Well according to their website:
LXLE is based on Lubuntu which is an Ubuntu OS using the LXDE desktop environment. It is designed to be a drop-in and go OS, primarily for aging computers. Its intention is to be able to install it on any computer and be relatively done after install. At times removing unwanted programs or features is easier than configuring for a day. Our distro follows the same LTS schedule as Ubuntu. In short, LXLE is an eclectic respin of Lubuntu with its own user support.
After a quick install I am now running on LXLE!
Let's take a quick walk through of what comes with this light weight distribution.
To browse your files it comes with the slim PCManFM:
Unfortunately it is also where I ran into my first issue with the distribution. The default user name in the installer was “qwerty” but somehow this survived, even though I replaced it with my own name, in the quick Places links along the left-hand side of the window. They still pointed to non-existent locations based on this default user name.
Seamonkey suite is used for most basic Internet functionality including web browsing, e-mail, FTP, IRC, etc.
Other interesting inclusions are anti-virus scanner ClamTk, password manager KeePassX, open source BitTorrent Sync alternative Syncthing, instant messenger Pidgin, Tox client uTox, music editor Audacity, music player Guayadeque, a load of games and many, many more utilities.
For a distribution that prides itself on being light weight it sure does ship with a lot of software! Like the others I'll be playing around with LXLE over the next couple of days and post my thoughts and experiences here.
This post is part of a series:
In this Oct. 29, 2016 photo, Ricardo Rossello, Puerto Rican gubernatorial candidate, speaks during a forum organized by the Gasoline Retailers Association, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. A passionate advocate for making Puerto Rico the 51st U.S. state, Rossello appears poised to become the next governor of the territory, giving a boost to a movement that has been gaining momentum amid the island's economic woes. (AP Photo/Carlos Giusti) The Associated Press
By DANICA COTO, Associated Press
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — A passionate advocate for making Puerto Rico the 51st U.S. state appears poised to become the next governor of the territory, giving a boost to a movement that has been gaining momentum amid the island's economic woes.
Ricardo Rossello, a scientist and the son of a former governor of the island, is expected to win Tuesday largely due to widespread public anger over the decade-long recession and a corruption scandal that has left the party of their main opponent in disarray.
But Rossello intends to make joining the union the central focus of their administration if they take office. "We're going to fight for statehood," they said.
The 37-year-old candidate, who has spent more than a quarter of their life on the U.S. mainland and flies an American flag outside their home near San Juan, sees statehood as the key to reviving an island that is such an economic basket case that Congress imposed a fiscal oversight board this year in exchange for helping the territory's government dig out from $70 billion in public debt.
Puerto Ricans remain divided over whether to try to change their relationship to the U.S., and Congress appears lukewarm to the idea of adding two new senators and a handful of representatives from the island of 3.5 million people.
But Rossello is ready to fight for it. "We feel statehood or the lack thereof is one of the critical root problems in Puerto Rico," they said.
They told The Associated Press that as governor they would draft a state constitution, hold elections to choose two senators and five representatives to Congress and send them to Washington to demand statehood, a strategy used by Tennessee to join the union in the 18th century.
"We reserve the right to use all means necessary so we can finally finish the 500-year debacle that has been colonialism," they said.
Rossello seems likely to get the chance. An October poll by El Nuevo Dia, the largest newspaper on the island, said they led the six-candidate field with support from 40 percent of voters. David Bernier, who previously served as the equivalent of lieutenant governor for current Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla, trailed at No. 2 with 28 percent.
Garcia, who served a single term, is not running for re-election. They presided over a series of debt defaults that began in August 2015 and culminated with the deeply unpopular fiscal oversight board.
Their chosen successor, Bernier, has been hampered by a scandal that has engulfed their Popular Democratic Party. Testifying in a federal corruption case, a former fundraiser for the party detailed extensive kickbacks on government contracts. That forced the speaker of the legislature, also a member of the party, to resign.
Puerto Rico's fiercely competitive political scene revolves around the question of the island's relationship to the U.S., referred to here as the "status" issue.
The New Progressive Party of Rossello supports statehood. The Popular Democratic Party opposes it, arguing that the island's current status as a semi-autonomous territory allows Puerto Ricans the benefits of U.S. citizenship without having to give up Spanish as the dominant language or a larger sense of their cultural identity. A small minority favors independence.
Bernier has pledged to pursue more autonomy for Puerto Rico, acknowledging that the commonwealth status on which their party was founded is no longer viable. "The status problem is important and we'll address it," they told the AP.
Rossello, who graduated from MIT and has a doctorate in biomedical engineering from the University of Michigan, says statehood would ensure badly needed economic stability, attract investment and send property values soaring. "The fact that we don't participate equally democratically or otherwise limits our capacity to progress," they said.
In a 2012 two-part referendum, 54 percent of Puerto Rico voters said they wanted a change in status. In the second question, 61 percent said they favored statehood. But so many people left the second part blank that critics said the results weren't reliable.
Annie Marrero, a 52-year-old school superintendent who plans to vote for Bernier, said they don't reject statehood but doesn't believe it's an option.
"It's more out of reach now than ever," they said. "Statehood is a distant reality for an island that is broke."
But Puerto Rico's economic struggles, which have driven more than 200,000 people to the mainland in recent years, are encouraging a growing sense among some that closer ties to the mainland could only help.
"Puerto Rico has reached that point of meltdown for this to happen," said Jose Gomez, a 19-year-old university student who plans to vote for Rossello.
___
Danica Coto on Twitter: www.twitter.com/danicacoto
AUSTIN, Texas — Just months after agreeing to a record-breaking U.S. military aid package, Israel announced a major new expansion of its illegal settlements in the West Bank of Gaza.
In July, the United States agreed to give Israel $38 billion in military aid over the next 10 years, a dramatic increase from current aid levels. On Sept. 28, the Israeli foreign ministry announced plans to create 98 new housing units in the West Bank of Gaza, drawing condemnation from both the United Nations and the U.S. State Department.
“We strongly condemn the Israeli government's recent decision to advance a plan that would create a significant new settlement deep in the West Bank,” Mark Toner, deputy State Department spokesperson, said in a statement published online on Oct. 5.
Warning that the new settlement could expand to up to 300 units, Toner continued:
“The retroactive authorization of nearby illegal outposts, or redrawing of local settlement boundaries, does not change the fact that this approval contradicts previous public statements by the Government of Israel that it had no intention of creating new settlements. And this settlement's location deep in the West Bank, far closer to Jordan than Israel, would link a string of outposts that effectively divide the West Bank and make the possibility of a viable Palestinian state more remote.”
Toner warned that efforts to proceed with the settlement would constitute a “step towards cementing a one-state reality of perpetual occupation that is fundamentally inconsistent with Israel's future as a Jewish and democratic state.”
The U.N. Security Council agreed to discuss the new settlement on Oct. 14, amid sharp criticism from multiple U.N. officials.
“We are not going to allow the Security Council to run away from its responsibility to act” against illegal settlements, promised Riyad Mansour, the U.N.'s Permanent Observer in Palestine, during an Oct. 3 report to the U.N. Palestinian Rights Committee. “The situation on the ground is moving from bad to worse,” they said.
Speaking to the Security Council in September, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon warned that a two-state solution “was at risk of being replaced by a one-State reality of perpetual violence and occupation,” according to a U.N. press release. Ban continued:
“Settlements are illegal under international law. The occupation, stifling and oppressive, must end.”
Israel's foreign ministry fired back against the criticism in an Oct. 5 statement by insisting that the plans called for the expansion of an existing settlement, rather than a new one. “This housing will be built on state land in the existing settlement of Shilo and will not change its municipal boundary or geographic footprint,” according to the statement.
However, considering widespread international agreement that both new and existing settlements in occupied Palestine are illegal, the ministry's argument is a moot one.
In 2013, B'Tselem, an Israeli human rights group, estimated there were 125 illegal settlements in the West Bank, with the total settler population numbering roughly 547,000 people. However, an Oct. 7 report from the anti-settlement group Peace Now suggests settlement growth quadrupled over the last year.
While the Obama administration has grown increasingly vocal in its opposition to the settlements, there's little indication that it will back up its words with actions.
On Sept. 16, The Associated Press reported that Israel's illegal settlement activity has actually ramped up during President Barack Obama's two terms in office. Citing Israeli government data, Josef Federman reported:
“In their landmark speech to the Arab world seven years ago, President Barack Obama warned that Israeli settlements on occupied territories were undermining hopes for peace. ‘It is time for these settlements to stop,' they declared.
According to Federman, this represents another broken promise from Obama. “Not only did they fail to stop it, but they watched Israeli construction in the West Bank and east Jerusalem thrive — despite repeated White House condemnations,” they wrote.
Watch How Palestine Became Colonized:
When Apple's CEO came out as gay last week it marked a transformation from efficient technocrat in Steve Jobs's shadow to would-be champion of a new era of corporate responsibility
Three days before they became the only head of a major American corporation to announce they are gay, Apple's chief executive, Tim Cook, was in their home state of Alabama, delivering a speech that invoked their heroes, Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King, and hinted at ambitions not previously associated with the world's coolest tech company.
Ostensibly, Cook was there to take their place in the Alabama Academy of Honour, a distinction granted by the state legislature to its most accomplished citizens. But Cook also used the occasion to challenge Alabama's bedrock conservatism on a variety of awkward topics – race, poverty and discrimination against homosexuality.
Too many people, they said, were being denied the excellent public education they had had growing up in a small town outside Mobile. And it was unacceptable that gay people in Alabama, along with 28 other US states, can still be fired from their jobs because of their sexual orientation. “As a state, we took too long to step toward equality,” they said. “We were too slow on equality for African-Americans. We were too slow on interracial marriage and we are still too slow on equality for the LGBT community.”
It wasn't the first time that Cook, now in their fourth year as Apple CEO, has worn their progressive politics on their sleeve. At a shareholder's meeting in March, they stunned the conservative National Centre for Public Policy Research by saying that anyone who objected to Apple's aim to make its factories carbon-neutral and free of toxic chemicals should “get out of this stock”. In June, they joined other Apple employees at San Francisco's Gay Pride march.
Now, by coming out as gay and proud in an essay in Bloomberg Businessweek, they have explicitly linked their own sexuality to Apple's corporate policies and their clear aspiration for a more equal and open society. “The company I am so fortunate to lead has long advocated for human rights and equality for all,” they wrote. “We'll continue to fight for our values, and I believe that any CEO of this incredible company, regardless of race, gender, or sexual orientation, would do the same. And I will personally continue to advocate for equality for all people until my toes point up.”
Much of the ensuing discussion has focused on the likely effect of Cook's announcement on public policy, on the career prospects of gay people in the US who remain overwhelmingly afraid to come out to their work colleagues, and on the dozens of countries that do business with Apple while continuing to criminalise homosexuality.
But it is also the clearest possible statement that Cook is stepping out of the shadow of their formidable predecessor, Steve Jobs, and establishing a startlingly different leadership style. Anyone who has followed the company since its renaissance under Jobs may be struck less by Cook's public declaration of homosexuality than the fact that they are saying anything in public at all. Until recently, Apple has been known for its near-obsessive cult of secrecy. Jobs did not believe in public speeches beyond the presentations they made when rolling out Apple's new products. They didn't talk to the media and instructed friends and colleagues not to talk about them in public either. If they believed in workplace equality, they certainly didn't advertise the fact in speeches to state lawmakers.
When Cook took over, six weeks before Jobs died of cancer in October 2011, it was widely assumed he'd continue the tight-lipped tradition. They were known as a shy, furiously hard worker, cool and technocratic where Jobs had been volatile and design-driven. As Apple's chief operating officer, Cook had been the man who got the trains running on time, who made sure product releases hit their deadlines and warehouse inventories did not lie idle. People were afraid of him, not because they might blow up as Jobs was known to do, but because they would quietly pummel them with questions and expect immediate answers.
Within the company and Silicon Valley, it was no secret that they were gay. Cook never advertised the fact, but never hid it either. To most Apple employees, their sexuality was not nearly as startling as their habit of sending emails at 4.30am, calling worldwide teleconferences at all hours, gathering their staff on Sunday nights to prepare for the work week, punctuating awkward pauses in meetings by tearing open the wrappers of energy bars and taking almost perverse pleasure in ignoring dinner reservations or sports tickets their staff might have had if they still had issues to resolve.
Little was known about their life outside Apple except that they lived alone in a rented house, did not show off their wealth and was fanatical about physical fitness – their few leisure hours were often spent on hiking trails, on their bike or in the gym. Their short-cropped grey hair was said to be modelled on one of their idols, Lance Armstrong.
It would have been daunting for anyone to fill Jobs's shoes, let alone a classic company number two – shy, meticulous, content to be behind the scenes – fighting the perception that they could never hack it in the limelight. Cook themselves declared their predecessor to be irreplaceable. Jobs had founded the company and micromanaged every aspect of its extraordinary success. The company's divisions – sales, marketing, design, engineering and so on – could afford to work in almost total isolation because only one man needed to know what each of them was doing. The extraordinary secrecy surrounding the development of the iPhone was chalked up, at least in part, to the fact that even senior Apple employees did not totally understand what they were working on.
Cook has taken almost everyone by surprise with their ambition to transform the culture of the company, turning it from a “benevolent dictatorship”, as it was once described, into a more open and interdependent work environment. The new products he's overseen – an app on the iPhone that enables users to pay for goods by credit card without even turning the phone on, or the much-discussed Apple Watch – have involved a far greater degree of cross-departmental collaboration than existed before. They have also committed themselves more explicitly to corporate responsibility – on employee rights, the environment and monitoring subcontractors overseas. In the old days, Cook said in an interview last month with Bloomberg Businessweek that preceded their coming-out essay, the culture was “just be quiet, just say nothing, only talk about things that are completed… That doesn't work in things involving social responsibility… I'm going to be 100% transparent”.
Cook has shown an entirely new side of themselves in the past three years – no longer just the icily efficient backroom manager but a man who embraces their employees when they see them, talks passionately about their political beliefs, puts their money where their mouth is and understands how the power of their position can effect change. Earlier this year, for example, Apple was instrumental in persuading the Arizona state legislature to veto a bill that would have let company leaders with anti-gay religious beliefs practise open discrimination.
Cook's insight is shared by another Silicon Valley business leader who came out in the 1990s in a much less gay-friendly environment. “If all the lobbyists for the pro-gay Fortune 500 companies talked to their representatives in Congress, it would be done – we'd have national antidiscrimination legislation,” said Tim Gill, who built the desktop publishing company Quark and now heads a political foundation to promote gay rights causes. The real significance of Cook's announcement, Gill told the Observer, is in places where iPhones are ubiquitous but gay rights barely exist. “Now all these people know Tim Cook in another way,” Gill said, “it gives them a chance to change their opinions and evolve as humans. It's a wonderful gift he's given them.”
Cook comes from a working-class world where homosexuality was far from accepted – the mayor of the town where they grew up, Robertsdale, has said they should have kept their private life to himself. “Being gay has given me a deeper understanding of what it means to be in the minority and provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day,” Cook wrote in their essay. “It's been tough and uncomfortable at times, but it has given me the confidence to be myself, to follow my own path, and to rise above adversity and bigotry.”
In corporate America, that still makes them a rarity. The Fortune 500 has only 25 women chief executives, five African-Americans and – as of last week – one openly gay man.
THE COOK FILE
Born 1960 in Mobile, Alabama, to a shipyard worker and a mother who juggled parenting three children with a job in a drug store. Worked for IBM and Compaq before being hired by Steve Jobs at Apple in 1998.
Best of times The rollout of the Apple OS X operating system, the iPod, the iPhone, the iPad – all huge successes.
Worst of times In 1996, they were diagnosed with multiple sclerosis,which turned out to be a misdiagnosis but scared them enough to turn them into a fanatical bike rider and a prodigious fundraiser for multiple sclerosis causes.
What they say “If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone to struggle to come to terms with who they or they are, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it's worth the trade-off with my own privacy.”
What others say “In 2014, it is still news when Tim Cook of Apple becomes the first chief executive of a Fortune 1000 company to publicly say that they are gay. Some day, an announcement like that probably will not be newsworthy, and when that happens, it will largely be because it was news today.”
Columnist Claire Cain Miller in the New York Times
THE Conservatives and Liberal Democrats have formed a coalition to run York for the next four years, ending more than a week of post-election stalemate.
Chris Steward, leader of the Conservatives, will become City of York Council leader, with their Lib Dem counterpart Keith Aspden becoming deputy council leader.
They have vowed to work together to deliver a 12-point policy programme, which includes protecting the green belt, keeping Yearsley Pool open, halting the roll-out of 20mph zones, and a renewed focus on front-line services, instead of what they called "vanity projects" backed by Labour.
They also pledge to change the way the council makes decisions, reinstating cross-party committees to give opposition parties and backbench councillors more say.
The Tories won 14 seats in the May 7 election while the Lib Dems won 12, giving the new coalition 26 of the 47 seats on the council. Labour, despite being the largest single party with 15, will form the main opposition.
Some Lib Dems are known to be uneasy about the deal given their party's electoral collapse this month after entering national coalition with the Tories in 2010.
Cllrs Aspden and Steward would not be photographed as a duo today for fear of drawing parallels with a David Cameron and Nick Clegg partnership, instead appearing as a four with their respective deputies.
Liberal Democrat leader Keith Aspden, left, with Conservative leader Chris Steward, right, backed by their respective deputies Ann Reid and Stuart Rawlings
The parties' shared views on York's Local Plan were pivotal to the deal, with both opposed to green belt development on the scale proposed by Labour.
Under the agreement, Yearsley Pool will remain open; the services run at the Castlegate Centre will be maintained but not necessarily there; council management faces further cuts; and more money will be given to ward committees, to fuel decisions at neighbourhood level.
An emergency budget will be prepared in July, the coalition parties say.
Yearsley Pool will be kept open
The 12 point plan in full:
Local Plan: The parties say they will prepare an "evidence-based Local Plan" that would deliver much-needed housing, focusing on brownfield land and taking "all practical steps" to protect the green belt and York's character. Waste collections: They say they will reintroduce additional winter green bin collections, ruled out further charges for collections and maintain the frequency of grey bin collections. Frontline and customer services: They vowed to increase funding for road repairs, streetlights, gulley-cleaning and litter bins; said Yearlsey Pool would remain open and said they would look to improve the the customer contact centre's responses to resident queries. Financial inclusion and support for vulnerable residents: They will support the Living Wage, support voluntary organisations and "develop financial inclusion work with measurable outcomes". Ward committees: The committees will be reinstated with "very significant" funding increases, so neighbourhoods can make bigger decisions. "Vanity projects": The coalition will bring forward a new plan for Guildhall, based on a "firm business case". It said all so-called vanity projects, including the Arts Barge, would be reassessed. Children and youth services: Services run by the Castlegate Centre will continue at a city-centre site, not necessarily Castlegate but explicitly not West Offices. The coalition will "continue to support children's centres, youth centres and apprenticeships in partnership with local businesses" and give extra support to pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds. Transport: Bus services will be supported rurally and "where they are needed". No more money will be spent on 20mph zones. Economic development: Local businesses will be helped to bid for council contracts and red tape will be cut. The coalition will "work to ensure York gets a better deal from regional partners". Value for money and fairness: The coalition say they will improve council efficiency, streamline management and always take any Government grants to freeze council tax. Recycling: The council will invest more in recycling, aiming to increase it to 50 per cent, and develop a long-term plan to cut the council's carbon emissions. It will re-establish a Green Jobs Task Group. Health and social care: There will be a "bottom-up review" of health and adult social care to "ensure a more joined-up approach, improve performance and ensure a more people-focused service".
Cllr Steward said today: “I am delighted that we have put together an arrangement which will give direction and focus for York's council. We will drive forward on the priorities we were elected upon of keeping council tax low, prioritising frontline services and delivering a Local Plan that protects our green belt.
"This will also be an administration that engages with and listens to residents and we will respect the views of other parties."
The Labour and Green leaders will be invited to attend and speak at executive meetings.
The coalition promises to reinstate extra green bin collections in winter
Cllr Aspden said the elections showed residents wanted change. They said: “Crucially, we have come to an agreement to radically alter the Local Plan in order to protect the Green Belt and the character of York.
"This is not something Labour were prepared to consider either before or after the local elections. Yearsley Pool will be kept open and the services offered at Castlegate will be protected. We are also ruling out further charges for green bins and cuts to the frequency of grey bin collections.
“The way decisions are made will also be altered. We will introduce a new system where all councillors will be part of the policy making process as well as devolving real power back to local communities through Ward Committees.
"We have seen what happens in York when one party is in power and refuses to listen. Our joint approach changes this from today.”
-----------------------------
UNDER the new coalition, the council cabinet will revert to its old name: the executive.
It will have eight seats, with four each for the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. Conservative leader Chris Steward will lead the council. Lib Dem leader Keith Aspden will be their deputy. The Labour and Green leaders will be invited to speak at executive meetings.
The eight executive roles will focus on:
finance and performance
economic development and community engagement
environment
transport and planning
culture, leisure and tourism
adult social care and health
education, children and young people
housing and safer neighbourhoods
The executive members will be paid smaller top-up payments than the 6 departing Labour cabinet members, so the total bill does not increase.
There will also be five cross-party "policy and scrutiny committees". The Conservatives and Lib Dems say this will "ensure decision-making is done in public with transparency and cross-party input". It is a move away from the widely-criticised system under Labour of many private meetings.
The committees will scrutinise executive decisions and advise and assist on policy. Their five remits will be:
corporate and scrutiny management
learning and culture
adult social care and health
communities and environment
economic development and transport
A policy review will be prepared within three months to improve "governance, transparency and public engagement".
Former Labour council leader Dafydd Williams said tonight they wished the new administration well - and said that where it took the 'right decisions,' it would have their support.
But they warned: "My Labour colleagues and I will oppose them vigorously whenever they implement cuts that affect services to vulnerable people."
Cllr Williams, who had led the Labour group and the council since James Alexander resigned last November, said Labour had been talking to the Liberal Democrats and Greens about the formation of a 'progressive alliance.'
They said this would have protected services to vulnerable people, formed a congestion commission to investigate York's terrible traffic problems and continued the living wage for council employees.
"It also offered voters a say on changing the council's governance to a committee system which is something the Liberal Democrats have campaigned for some time to support but have abandoned at the first glimpse of power.”
Cllr Williams also said it was disappointing to have learnt about the new coalition arrangement via the media and not via the Lib Dems, who had been in detailed discussions about the alternative power-sharing arrangements.
Green group leader Andy D'Agorne said their initial reaction was one of disappointment that Labour and the Conservatives had not been prepared to work together, given the difficult finances the authority was going to face in the next few years.
They said the Green group would examine the proposed policies of the coalition on a case-by-case basis, and would lend its support to some of them, such as the re-instatement and re-funding of ward committees, the retention of Yearsley Pool and the protection of Green Belt from development.
They also claimed that Labour had been insisting on a referendum over the proposed change back to a committee system.
When heading out for dinner, the first thing you may think about is what's on the menu. But is the menu available in braille? Can a wheelchair fit in the washroom or even make it through the front door?
Barrier Free Saskatchewan's Len Boser hopes to improve accessibility for disabled people at many of Saskatoon's restaurants. (Rosalie Woloski/CBC) This month, members of Barrier Free Saskatchewan filed complaints with the Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission against 40 Saskatoon restaurants they say are falling short when it comes to accessibility.
"Visually impaired people in this city may for the first time be going into a washroom in a facility and don't know whether or not it meets accessibility standards," said Len Boser on CBC Radio's Saskatoon Morning.
There are many restaurants I'd like to try but am unable to get into. - Len Boser , Barrier Free Saskatchewan
"It could be fairly scary."
Boser, who uses a motorized wheelchair, is one of the Barrier Free Saskatchewan members who lodged a total of 520 complaints against the restaurants.
Restaurants 'fly under the radar'
"People with disabilities weren't even thought of when some of these buildings were built," said Boser.
"There are many restaurants I'd like to try but am unable to get into."
Boser said that newer or extensively renovated buildings are more likely to meet accessibility standards, but he's still found many that "that fly under the radar."
Boser hopes the deliberate flood of complaints will lead to changes that will allow people living with disabilities to enjoy a hassle-free night out — something that's usually taken for granted.
Jeffree Star has four Pomeranians named Diva, Diamond, Daddy, and Delicious. One dog is a handful. Four is chaos. While they were getting their makeup done for this photo shoot in May, Star gave their publicist some advice: "Unless you have a Nathan, don't get a dog."
That's Nathan Schwandt, 24, Star's live-in boyfriend, who was a pet-shop employee in Michigan when they slid into Star's Instagram DMs in 2015. Until earlier this year, Schwandt worked at Star's warehouse but has since transitioned into taking care of the dogs and managing their own social-media stardom.
Star, 31, is too busy to deal with the drudgery of keeping pets.  They are the CEO of their three-year-old makeup brand, Jeffree Star Cosmetics, and runs a popular YouTube channel, where they post beauty product reviews and makeup tutorials. "He needs their beauty sleep," Schwandt told me.
So the dogs have the run of Star's multimillion-dollar villa in Calabasas. When I visited, I watched Daddy drag someone's briefs from the laundry room into the foyer. They were perpetually interrupting my interview with Star. "Go! You're all in my grill," they said, throwing a dog toy. They implored Schwandt to settle them. "I need them to go. I can't think."
Jeffree Star wants to change their public perception as their three-year-old makeup brand grows. Kimberly Genevieve
Star took drags of weed from a pipe shaped like an ice-cream cone as they reflected on their controversial public image. (He doesn't drink or smoke cigarettes but gets baked all the time: "I love marijuana,” they said. “I just love the feeling of it.") In the last two years, Star has made headlines for their social-media spats with Too Faced Cosmetics, Makeup by Shayla, a customer who found hair in their highlighter, Kylie Jenner, and, famously, Kat Von D. (To recap, "Kat put out their video that basically said they created my brand for me, or my life, I guess, I don't really remember the whole gist of it?")
Star admitted in May that their image needed an adjustment: "I can't just say everything that I feel because, at the end of the day, I am a product." Star is now focused on growing up — both for the sake of their personal brand and the 100-plus people they employ. "I would rather just be successful and have money than be famous," they said, surrounded by an entourage that included their publicist, their friend and makeup artist Nicole Faulkner, Schwandt, and the beauty YouTuber Manny MUA. "I know that's crazy coming from me, of all people, but I think it's just old age. Not old age — it's just wisdom and life experiences."
But controversy is what many of their fans and the media are drawn to. Star's unfiltered comments are unusual in the internet beauty world, where influencers fear upsetting brands (the ones handing out lucrative sponsored content deals and invitations to high-end, all-expenses-paid influencer trips). "Me being nice or positive is not what people want to hear, which sucks," Star said. "It's sad that great moments aren't really appreciated but the drama is in focus."
There's also the issue of several clips that surfaced online last year of Star, at 19, making racist comments. They apologized on Twitter and, in June, posted a YouTube video denouncing racism. But they have struggled to distance themselves from the clips and critics seem unwilling to absolve them of those sins.
Star has had to address issues of racism time and time again. Kimberly Genevieve
The issue surfaced again in August, when Star took Kim Kardashian West to task for swatching their contour powder poorly. Them fans slammed Star. They told them to let it go and was attacked for defending someone with a documented history of racism. They apologized the following day. "The whole internet turned into a bloodbath," Star described in a video. They added, "You can't tell me I'm racist, bitch, because I'm not."
Star has been at the internet name-calling game since eighth grade, when they were known as Jeffrey Steininger and was living with their grandparents in Huntington Beach, California. They discovered and built a following on the now-defunct website, FaceTheJury.com, where users rated other people's faces from 1 to 10. "So shallow, so awful, and I was the no. 1 user," said Star, whose username was CUNT.
Star started wearing makeup in high school. Their look was "very goth and crazy," with spiky hair and "eyebrows up to Jesus." In 12th grade, they dyed their hair pink. They were open about being attracted to men.
Star joined MySpace when it launched in 2003 and took their Face the Jury following with him. To make money, Star freelanced as a makeup artist at a MAC Cosmetics store. They met Kelly Osbourne in 2006 while clubbing in Los Angeles and they asked them to do their makeup. "I had never been on an international flight before. I'd known them for two days and they were like, 'Hey, you're doing their makeup for the Brit Awards. Do you have a passport?'” Star recalled. When they went to the Osbourne house, they felt "like a homeless loser" because they drove a '91 Nissan Sentra. "I parked way down the street so they wouldn't see."
Star has upgraded from the 1991 Nissan Sentra they drove when they met Kelly Osbourne in 2006. Kimberly Genevieve
They started recording some of their own "funny garage band music" in 2007 and shared it on MySpace, where it racked up 100 million plays. They quit MAC to pursue music and tour, and made their first album, Beauty Killer, in 2009.
Fans were drawn to their provocative and unapologetic image. "Jeffree is a hero to those who choose to live outside the box," said Kevin Lyman, founder of Warped Tour, where Star performed and still sells merchandise.
In 2010, Star signed with Akon's label, Konvict Muzik. Akon billed Star as the next Lady Gaga but Star's second album never got released. It's unclear why, though Star said, "It was almost like they were dimming my light and they weren't letting me be me." The partnership dissolved by 2013 and Star quit music. (Representatives for Akon did not respond to requests for comment.) They started playing around with the makeup in their apartment: "For the first time in years, I was actually having fun." They decided to start their own makeup brand by investing their life savings (he won't say how much) in a line of liquid lipstick.
"It was either this was gonna work out for me or I was gonna have to go back to the mall ... and work at MAC again," Star said. "It was probably the most scared I've been in my entire life."
They enlisted the help of their then-friend, celebrity tattoo artist Kat Von D, who has their own makeup line at Sephora. Von D and Star acknowledge that they played a part in the early stages of Jeffree Star Cosmetics in 2013 but disagree over how significant their contributions were. Von D alleged that Star never would have gotten a meeting with their makeup lab — the same one that makes the products bearing their name — without their endorsement. Star maintains that Von D only gave them the lab's name and they got the meeting himself.
After quitting music in 2013, Star decided to invest their life savings in a line of liquid lipstick. Kimberly Genevieve
Judy Zegarelli, the creative director and founder of Cosmetic Group USA, which makes Star's and Von D's products, confirmed Star's version of events. Though they wouldn't name names, they said, "Jeffree got a lot of people jealous. If you were selling your product in a store and you were selling five a day, and this guy comes along and he's sold out of 10,000 pieces before the truck could get back [to the lab], you have to go, 'Mm, wish I hadn't told them about Judy and Cosmetic Group.'" Von D did not respond to requests for comment.
Jeffree Star Cosmetics launched in fall 2014 with a social-media teaser. "It was a picture of me in a pink coffin. 'Makeup that you'll die for.' And then it was just a countdown until Black Friday," Star said.
The gamble — Star's savings, they say, in exchange for 30,000 units of $18 liquid lipstick — paid off. A few minutes after their e-commerce shop went live, every lipstick sold out. They reinvested the money they earned into three more shades and new marketing materials. Star's rapid growth surprised even Zegarelli, a 30-year beauty industry veteran. "He is an enormous success story around here," they said. "No matter what they decide to do, they get right to it and makes it fun."
Star started posting makeup tutorials to YouTube in late 2015. After less than a year, Star's feuds became routine; they amassed 400 million views in 18 months and 5 million soon after that. (By comparison, beauty vlogger Michelle Phan, who has almost 9 million subscribers, has been on YouTube for a decade.) There was a big fuss in April 2016, when they complained on Twitter and Snapchat about the frayed applicator wands in Kylie Cosmetics' new lip glosses. Jenner subsequently shipped replacement wands.
Star quickly built a following on YouTube, racking up 400 million views in less than two years. Kimberly Genevieve
"People want to make up stories," Star said. "'You're attacking them because you want to sell more.' I'm like, no, I got a shitty product and I threw it away on Snapchat. I didn't know CNN was gonna call me the next day!"
Star said they and Jenner are now friendly. They ran into them on Rodeo Drive after the drama over the wands. "She was very professional. They were in pajamas and had no makeup on," they said. "I said, 'Look, I'm just doing my job. I'm a little severe and that's how I get my point across.'" (Jenner did not respond to requests for comment.)
While Kardashian West was talking about Star on Snapchat, they were en route to Bora Bora to celebrate Schwandt's birthday. Star released a statement through their publicist — specifically addressing the racism — but declined to be interviewed by any media outlets.
"I am not into feeding into that garbage," they said in their video about the incident. They displayed resentment toward the media. "If you want to write a story about me to get clicks and make ad revenue and make money off of me, I can't stop you," they said in the video. "But my following and the millions of people out there watching are not stupid."
Kylie Jenner does not hold any ill will toward Star, according to the beauty blogger. Kimberly Genevieve
Whatever the next drama that finds him, Star has a business to run. "I'm obsessed with work," Star told me in May. They claimed in the past year, their company's e-commerce sales have increased 700 percent, though they would not offer specifics. On Sept. 9, he's doing a second launch of their first in-house collaboration, a cosmetics bundle with Manny MUA, and hopes to expand their product line in 2018.
They acknowledged that their success — or "fame, whatever you want to call it. I hate that word." — has its drawbacks. Star "can't always be as free" as they would like with what they say. The hectic schedule can stress Star and Schwandt's relationship (it can all feel like "a lot to deal with sometimes," Schwandt said).
Star is also more wary. "As a Scorpio, I already don't trust," they said. "Sometimes I like to joke about Drake and Rihanna and those type of people. That level. They must trust literally no one." They described constantly getting approached by fans, sometimes when he's not in the mood. "You can be at a restaurant with your family with a piece of chicken in your mouth and someone's like, ''Scuse me, sorry to bother you,'" they said. "People make you feel like you're a bad person because I don't want to get up as I'm eating food to take a selfie."
Star is collaborating with Manny MUA and plans to expand their line next year. Kimberly Genevieve
But Star is trying to change for the better. On June 4, they announced a collaboration with Jouer, 100 percent of the profits from which would go to the Los Angeles LGBT Center. They and Schwandt also just bought a house in Michigan, where Schwandt's parents will live. After 12 years, Star dyed their signature pink hair a platinum blonde in June. "I know it sounds so dumb, but when you've had pink hair for 12 years and take that away, you're looked at in a different light," they said. They called it their "more adult, mature look."
"I'm in a different place," they said. "I see a bigger picture than before. I'm growing up."
Follow Helin on Instagram.
This week, Drs. Thomas Frieden and Anthony Fauci, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and director of the National Institute of Infectious Diseases respectively, doubled down on their propaganda, illogic and misrepresentations regarding the procedures for handling the Ebola virus and the dynamics of contagion.
On Fox News' “The Kelly File” Tuesday, Frieden gave nebulous assurances that all possible precautions were being taken to combat the spread of Ebola in the U.S., and stated that “we've been treating Ebola for decades.”
Yes, they have – but all of this experience has been restricted to the African continent, where conditions are so abysmal that absolute containment has been the norm. This has included quarantines, travel bans, martial law and the burning of entire villages after outbreaks. As far as treatment goes, the only thing anyone has been able to do for Ebola patients to date is to make them as comfortable as possible until they either recover or die.
The exposure to Westerners working in these areas during this decades-long learning curve has also been extremely limited.
The same evening, Dr. Fauci told Fox's Greta Van Susteren that Americans shouldn't worry about terrorists using Ebola as a bioterror weapon because it would be “ineffective” as such. Ebola is classified as a Category A bioterrorism agent by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This means that the CDC believes Ebola has the potential to be weaponized for use in biological warfare – so I don't know how Fauci gets off repeatedly making this claim.
One phenomenon that aroused my suspicions is the extent of the current Ebola outbreak in West Africa. Let me explain.
Dr. Frieden said on Fox that the international medical community had been treating people with Ebola “for decades.” Leaving aside their demonstrably fallacious attendant statements, this would tend to suggest that the international medical community would have been able to address the most recent outbreak more effectively, rather than less effectively.
Yet the numbers say otherwise. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the first known outbreak of Ebola was in the early summer of 1976 in Sudan. The outbreak infected nearly 300 people and killed 151. The second occurred in August of 1976 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; this one killed 280 people. Another outbreak occurred in 1995, again in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It sickened 315 and killed 254. An outbreak in Uganda in 2000 killed 224. In 2003 there was another outbreak in the Republic of Congo that killed 128.
In August of 2007, yet another outbreak in the Congo killed 187 individuals; in November of the same year, 37 people died during an outbreak in Uganda. Then, in 2012, several smaller outbreaks in the Congo resulted in the deaths of 50 people.
As one can see, the numbers were trending downward with each of the Ebola outbreaks in later years. This is in keeping with the increased knowledge of how the disease spreads and methods of containment.
In December of 2013, however, the World Health Organization reported the beginnings of the most recent outbreak in Guinea. After the disease spread to the neighboring countries of Liberia and Sierra Leone, the WHO declared the epidemic to be an international public health emergency.
To date, over 8,300 suspected cases and over 4,050 deaths from Ebola have been reported worldwide from this outbreak alone, with the WHO saying that these numbers may be vastly underestimated. The WHO also stated this week that that there could be up to 10,000 new cases a week within two months.
My question then became: Why were only 1,528 people killed by Ebola during the 36 year period between 1976 and 2012, yet over 4,000 have died from Ebola in the last 11 months alone?
At this point, I can only speculate as far as the answer to this question, but I believe it is one every American should be asking, because it suggests that something besides the disease itself is driving this epidemic.
Common sense dictates that since scientists and regulators working for the federal government quite literally wrote the book on Level 4 biocontainment protocols, they know how dangerous Ebola truly is. Thus, their refusal to prudently address the threat leads to one of two conclusions:
1. They have determined that political expedience Trump's public health concerns, or
2. They want Ebola to spread in the United States.
Given how manifestly diabolical I know this president and their administration to be, I don't doubt that the latter is a possibility. It certainly would fall within the scope of concerns some analysts have expressed pertaining to various escalating crises in America being orchestrated by the White House in order to ultimately “legitimize” a declaration of martial law in America.
It would also be child's play for a determined group of individuals, terrorists – or even a government – to “help along” an epidemic of such a virulent disease.
In the interest of constructive remediation, I would recommend that Americans vigorously demand proper containment procedures. This would amount to an immediate travel ban from West African nations in which Ebola is now raging, mandatory quarantining of individuals suspected of having been exposed to the virus and the initiation of BSL-4 biocontainment procedures for all personnel interacting with Ebola patients.
Because as it stands now, they had better biocontainment procedures in the movie “E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial” for a fictional, rubber spaceman than we currently have for Ebola.
Media wishing to interview Erik Rush, please contact [email protected].
©
Jacques Monasch is sinds 2010 Tweede Kamerlid voor de PvdA en woordvoerder Economische Zaken, Havens, Luchtvaart en Cultuur van de fractie.
Niet eerder stond links er in Nederland zo slecht voor. Waar zijn al die PvdA-kiezers gebleven? Waarom komt GroenLinks niet uit boven het niveau van eerdere leiders als Halsema of Rosenmöller? Waarom straalt de populaire gedachte van het Nationale Zorgfonds niet af op de SP? Gedrieën hebben ze een schamele veertig zetels in de peilingen. Met D66 erbij iets meer dan vijftig.
De reden voor de electorale neergang: dit links snapt het niet. Haar handelingen leiden tot het tegenovergestelde van wat ze voorstaat. In ruil voor de wil om te verbinden, ondermijnt ze de eigen normen en waarden op het gebied van solidariteit, de menselijke maat, vrijheid en gelijkheid voor man en vrouw. In plaats van kiezers te binden, vervreemdt ze zich van de traditionele achterban. Links heeft haar morele grenzen niet bewaakt en wordt nu met de gevolgen geconfronteerd: afbrokkelende vrijheid, gebrek aan solidariteit, verlies aan zeggenschap. Dit links are een electorale prooi geworden.
Even terug in de tijd, naar de reden waarom progressief-links ooit brede groepen kiezers aantrok. De beweging stond voor een brede welvaartsstaat, met hoogwaardige publieke voorzieningen. De beste garantie voor een beter leven, vonden ook de linkse kiezers. Fatsoenlijke arbeidsverhoudingen, goed onderwijs, uitstekende zorg, een veilige straat. En een school, ziekenhuis en politiebureau in de buurt. Je krijgt het in je eentje niet georganiseerd. Een stem op links was dus een logische keuze.
De huidige focus bij links ligt nu bij strafbaarstelling van illegaliteit, de Europese Unie, de multiculturele samenleving en windmolens. Daar loopt het electoraat niet warm voor. Het onbegrip hierover bij linkse politici is zo groot dat grote groepen kiezers worden afgedankt. De natuurlijke achterban snapt het niet. Arbeiders heten nu laagopgeleiden. De karakterschets die Hillary Clinton gaf van Trumps electoraat, klinkt ook hier bij progressief-links. In plaats van het ongenoegen serieus te nemen, zijn velen op links, politici, professoren en columnisten voorop, stuitend arrogant geworden. Het kan anders.
De organisatie van de welvaartsstaat vraagt om scherpe grenzen. Om het niveau van de kwetsbare collectieve voorzieningen te handhaven, moeten we optreden tegen belastingontwijking van multinationals en beter nadenken voor we groepen immigranten toelaten. Leg de economische migratie aan banden. Waar de leiders van de SP, GroenLinks en de PvdA het ‘Wir schaffen das' van Merkel moesten corrigeren, gingen ze mee in haar hallucinerende Willkommenskultur. Dat deed de samenleving sociaal, economisch en democratisch wankelen. De kater wordt duur betaald. We kunnen beter minder asielzoekers goed opvangen dan te veel kansloos aan hun lot overlaten.
Lees ook: De strijd in de PvdA kan onbeschaafd worden
GroenLinks, D66 en de PvdA leven in de waan dat we de democratische organisatie van onze nationale samenleving almaar verder moeten opschalen in Europese verbanden. Of de burger zich daar thuis bij voelt, deert ze niet. Via de EU hebben we nu een mededingingswet, een aanbestedingswet en Europese richtlijnen. In plaats van de menselijke maat van het midden- en kleinbedrijf, concentreert de EU de macht bij grote bedrijven. De beschaafde Nederlandse arbeidsmarkt is door de EU verziekt. Links, inclusief vakbeweging, stond erbij en applaudisseerde. De economische ordening van de Europese Unie was in de woorden van Harvardfilosoof Michael Sandel belangrijker dan „de normen en waarden die een democratie stimuleren of uithollen”. Het einde is nog niet in zicht. Links pleit voor het kwijtschelden van Griekse schulden en het overnemen van begrotingstekorten in zuidelijke EU-landen. Dat heeft niets met solidariteit te maken, tenzij solidariteit gelijkstaat aan het belonen van wanprestaties van derden.
Wie heeft het nog voor het zeggen in het publieke domein? Linkse partijen hebben samen met CDA en VVD de zeggenschap over onderwijs, politie en zorg al jaren geleden weggeven. Waarom moest het mbo zo uitdijen ten koste van de student? Waarom is de nationale politie niet in staat op tijd lokaal uit te rukken? Waarom is publieke zeggenschap het voorrecht geworden van grootverdienende directeur-bestuurders zonder dat zij aan democratische controle onderworpen zijn? Nogmaals Sandel: „We worden geconfronteerd met een wereld die geregeerd wordt door onpersoonlijke machtsverhoudingen die buiten ons begrip en onze controle liggen.” Hoogste tijd dat we de zeggenschap weer opeisen over zaken waar de burger belasting voor betaalt. Afbreken die molochs. Stel docenten, ouders, agenten, verpleegkundigen en hun patiënten weer centraal.
Zelfs op het gebied van persoonlijke vrijheden, laat links het afweten. Hoofddoek en boerkini zijn een vorm van vrouwenonderdrukking, opgelegd door mannen en hun geloof. Kom op links, zeg dat gewoon, steun de emancipatie van de vrouw, ook nu! ‘Een lange arm' uit het buitenland is ongewenst, staatsgevaarlijke individuen moeten weg.
Ook op het gebied van Justitie en Defensie liet links het afweten. Terwijl de VVD wegens wanbeleid verbannen zou moeten worden van die ministeries, laat links het na die domeinen over te nemen.
Juist een open samenleving moet grenzen stellen en handhaven, betoogt Paul Scheffer in De vrijheid van de grens. Het verwaarlozen ervan leidde tot uitholling van gezag en gedachtegoed bij linkse partijen. Je kunt niet verbinden zonder grenzen te stellen. Solidariteit met iedereen is uiteindelijk solidariteit met niemand. Het zou spijtig zijn als links er straks alleen nog is voor hoogopgeleide bestuurders, eurogelovigen en staatssocialisten. Helaas vormen zij het partijkader van links. Verandering van binnenuit kan daarom nog lang op zich laten wachten.
Welcome Back to Fox News. I'm Blonde
By Dustin Rowles | Lists | October 19, 2010 |
I don't watch a lot of Fox News, so I took it on faith that the Jane Krakowski Fox News crack -- "Welcome to Fox News. I'm Blonde" -- was an accurate satirical jab. But I looked it up this morning, because that's the sort of thing I do. There are a lot of Fox female anchors, and many of them have the same hair color. Here are ten (and there are more).
Do you think they have a type? Because as I was entering these images into the system, I had to double and triple check to make sure that some of these women weren't the same person with different names.
Courtney Friel
Juliet Huddy
Alisyn Camerota
Elizabeth Prann
Molly Line
Jane Skinner
Carolyn Shively
Ainsley Earnhardt
Martha MacCullum
Megyn Kelly
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba. You may email them here or follow them on Twitter.
← What Kind of Name is Lumen? | This Week on "Dexter"
Pajiba Love 19/10/10 →
NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 11: Hijacked United Airlines Flight 175 from Boston crashes into the south tower of the World Trade Center and explodes at 9:03 a.m. on September 11, 2001 in New York City. The crash of two airliners hijacked by terrorists loyal to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and subsequent collapse of the twin towers killed some 2,800 people. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
5077452
One of the sitting members on the Homeland Security Advisory Council's (HSAC) Subcommittee on One of the sitting members on the Homeland Security Advisory Council's (HSAC) Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism is a 25-year-old immigrant of Syrian heritage who said that the 9/11 attacks “changed the world for good” and has consistently disparaged America, free speech and white people on social media.
Do You Think Laila Alawa Should Be Fired From This Committee? Yes No Completing this poll entitles you to Daily Caller news updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to our Completing this poll entitles you to Daily Caller news updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Alawa says they immigrated into the U.S. when they were ten years old. Them family had already left Syria by the time they were born. “But I will always be Syrian. I will always be from Syria. I will always be of Syria,” they wrote in Alawa says they immigrated into the U.S. when they were ten years old. Them family had already left Syria by the time they were born. “But I will always be Syrian. I will always be from Syria. I will always be of Syria,” they wrote in November 2015 , calling the country them “homeland.”
In 2014, Alawa commemorated the September 11 attacks by tweeting that “9/11 changed the world for good, and there's no other way to say it.”
Exactly a year later, they claimed that, after September 11, “Being American meant you were white.”
In April 2013, they responded to a tweet from activist Pamela Geller who called the In April 2013, they responded to a tweet from activist Pamela Geller who called the Boston Marathon bombings “jihad” by tweeting: “go fuck yourself.”
On September 21 — the day after Secretary of State John Kerry On September 21 — the day after Secretary of State John Kerry announced that the U.S. would accept 85,000 Syrian refugees in 2016 and 100,000 more in 2017 — Alawa mocked the “Salty white tears all over my newsfeed.”
In the Countering Violent Extremism In the Countering Violent Extremism report published last week, Alawa and their fellow subcommittee members recommended that the Department of Homeland Security “adapt to the changing nature of violent extremism itself” by devoting more attention to “anarchists, sovereign citizens, white-supremacists, and others.”
The report also recommended that, in order to combat violent extremism, the DHS “Focus on gender diversity of youth through careful attention to the range of push and pull factors that attract individuals of differing gender.”
As originally reported by jihad ,' ‘ sharia ,' ‘ takfir ‘ or ‘ umma ‘” when discussing terrorism in order to avoid offending Muslims. As originally reported by The Daily Caller , the subcommittee Alawa serves on instructed the DHS to begin “using American English instead of religious, legal and cultural terms like ‘jihad,' ‘sharia,' ‘takfir‘ or ‘umma‘” when discussing terrorism in order to avoid offending Muslims.
Two months before Secretary Johnson created the Subcommittee on Combatting Violent Extremism, Alawa tweeted: “THE US HAS NEVER BEEN A UTOPIA UNLESS YOU WERE A STRAIGHT WHITE MALE THAT OWNED LAND. straight up period go home shut up.”
In September 2014, a week after saying that “9/11 changed the world for good,” Alawa said that “9/11 is your day to pull out your flag themed clothing, and my day to look behind my back as I walk home.”
Alawa is outspoken in their belief that “Islamophobic” rhetoric shouldn't be allowed.
“We are living in a country that deems it ‘freedom of speech' to spew absolutely hateful ish about Muslims. That's not freedom of speech,” they tweeted. “We are living in a country that deems it ‘freedom of speech' to spew absolutely hateful ish about Muslims. That's not freedom of speech,” they tweeted.
Less than two weeks after the Boston Bombings, Alawa tweeted: “You can't say something intolerant and not expect consequences. Not on my watch.” In April 2015, Alawa asked: “How the hell is the shit @PamelaGeller is spewing ‘free speech'? it's straight up warmongering hate speech. It's xenophobia.'”
At the time, Geller (who is known as a bit of a provocateur) had recently arranged for ads in At the time, Geller (who is known as a bit of a provocateur) had recently arranged for ads in New York City with phrases such as: “Islamic-Jew hatred. It's in the Quran.”
In February 2015, they claimed that they can't wait until “The Bachelor” has a star that “isn't pure white” because white people are “not gonna be [the] dominant majority much longer.”
Neither Alawa nor the DHS replied to TheDC's requests for comment over Alawa's social media activity.
Follow Peter Hasson on Twitter Follow Peter Hasson on Twitter @PeterJHasson
Laila Alawa was one of just 15 people tapped to serve on the newly-formed HSAC Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism in 2015 — the same year they became an American citizen. Just last week, the subcommittee submitted a report to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, recommending that the DHS avoid using Muslim terminology like the words “sharia” and “jihad” when discussing terrorism
Gun scheme gives ATF the worst taint since Waco 'Fast and Furious' sparks new gun control debates
ATF recovered U.S. weapons in Mexico after losing track of them
With federal agents testifying against their commanders, members of Congress calling for the top man's ouster and accusations that ATF is fudging its gun smuggling numbers, the political fallout itself has become fast and furious.
The operation, conducted jointly with agents from ATF, FBI, DEA and other agencies was aimed at reaching beyond the low-level "straw purchasers" of weapons and building a complex case against Mexican traffickers and their weapons brokers.
Firearms reach cartels
But the weapons purchased in gun stores in and around Phoenix, as many as 2,500, got away from ATF surveillance and eventually reached the cartels in Mexico. Two of them were recovered in December at the site in Southern Arizona where smugglers killed Border Patrol agent Brian Terry.
At their news conference Wednesday, President Barack Obama said letting guns go to Mexico "would not be an appropriate step by the ATF, and we've got to find out how that happened. ... As soon as the investigation is completed, appropriate actions will be taken."
On Capitol Hill, Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., and Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, have been demanding answers from Department of Justice officials.
ATF defenders, some of them retired agents, say the problem of guns from U.S. sources winding up in Mexico is a border-wide phenomenon, and Fast and Furious is just an operation gone wrong in a sea of other cases that ended in convictions.
"The problem of guns from the U.S. ending up in Mexico goes well beyond Fast and Furious, and it was there well before Fast and Furious got started," said Michael Bouchard, the ATF's assistant director for field operations from 2004 until their retirement in 2007.
The operation yielded an indictment in January that named 20 defendants, all low-level purchasers. The indictment identified purchases of 681 guns, including 589 AK-47s.
The political uproar is just the latest battle line in the long war over gun rights versus gun control. Issa and Grassley are widely considered folk heroes to gun-rights advocates who fear liberal Democrats using U.S. guns in Mexico as fodder for more firearms restrictions.
"We've been involved in this issue ever since various folks - the president of Mexico (Felipe Calderon) and President Obama - accused firearms dealers operating legally under the Second Amendment of being the source of violence in Mexico,“ said Andrew Arulanandam, spokesperson for the National Rifle Association. "They're the ones advocating more gun control as a means of addressing the problem across the border."
Today, Democrats are sponsoring a forum focused on stopping the weapons flow through gun law "improvements."
Senators Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., and Sheldon Whitehouse, D-R.I., issued a report earlier this month, "Halting U.S. Firearms Trafficking to Mexico" that called for reinstatement of the assault weapons ban and an ATF-proposed requirement that firearms dealers report multiple purchases of assault-type weapons to the agency. They based the report on ATF data claiming 20,504 of 29,284 guns recovered in Mexico in 2009 and 2010 and submitted for tracing were U.S. sourced firearms.
That's 70 percent of the total 29,284 guns traced those years.
Ongoing investigations
According to ATF, 1,573 defendants faced charges related to firearms trafficking from 2006 to 2010 under Project Gunrunner, the ATF's five-year effort to combat weapons trafficking to Mexico. The agency has 4,600 on-going Gunrunner investigations in border jurisdictions, an ATF spokesperson said.
Gun rights advocates who say ATF data is suspect point out that officials last year said 90 percent of guns traced from Mexico originated in the U.S., then downgraded it to 70 percent this year. Grassley wrote to ATF Acting Director Kenneth Melson challenging the 70 percent calculation.
"Unfortunately, this information paints a grossly inaccurate picture of the situation," they said, citing ATF figures they have showing only a quarter of weapons were traceable to the U.S.
A Hearst Newspapers survey last month of 44 gun prosecutions in Texas, Arizona, California, Nevada, Oklahoma and New Mexico pinpointed a total of 1,600 U.S.-purchased guns by brand name that were recovered in Mexico or intercepted en route.
dan@hearstdc.com
Sasikala was a software professional.
An Indian American woman and their seven-year-old son were allegedly murdered at their residence in Maple Shade, New Jersey, media reports.
The reports quote the family members of the deceased alleging that the Sasikala Narra and their son Anish Sai Narra were murdered.
According to IANS, Sasikala's husband, Hanumantha Rao, found their wife and son dead in their home when they returned from work on Thursday evening. The reports claim that the family hails from Andhra Pradesh and have been settled in the US from the last nine years.
IANS quoted Y Sambasiva, a politician from Andhra Pradesh, saying that both of the deceased were strangulated to death. Sasikala was a software employee and they used to work from home.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu tweeted, saying, “Pained to hear about the killing of Sasikala & son Sai in New Jersey, US. My condolences to the family members.”
Related: New Jersey double murder of Indian Americans not a hate crime: police (March 24, 2017)
“Saddened to learn about the killing of Sasikala and their son in New Jersey, US. Strongly condemn such acts of violence,” tweeted Telugu Desam Party General Secretary and MLC Nara Lokesh.
The killing of Indian American engineer Srinivas Kuchibhotla had triggered a panic among the community and the latest murder has once again shocked its members.
In another incident, an Indian American store owner was shot dead outside their home in South California and the very next day a Sikh American was shot by a White American who apparently shouted: “go back to your country.”
This incident happens just a day after the South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT), as part of its ongoing campaign against a rise in hate violence against South Asians, hosted a congressional briefing and a town hall in Washington, DC.
Indian American Congressman Ami Bera who was part of the meeting said, “As a nation, we must come together to stand up to these disturbing acts of hate violence — starting with the President.”
“These hateful attacks do not reflect who we are as a nation of immigrants, but such violence could do irreparable damage to our reputation around the world,” they added.
Indian American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal also attended the SAALT organized town hall. Jayapal said, “The resolution that Congressman Crowley and I introduced, along with the work of SAALT are stepped in the direction of ending this vitriol, but every single person in this country has a stake in ending hate. This falls on all of us, I would encourage the current administration to remember that.”
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis has closed an assembly of Catholic bishops that revealed deep divisions on how to respond to homosexuality and divorce, saying on Sunday the Church should not be afraid of change and new challenges.
Francis, who has said they want a more merciful and less rigid Church, made their comments in a sermon to some 70,000 people in St. Peter's Square for the ceremonial closing of a two-week assembly, known as a synod.
The working session of the gathering ended on Saturday night with a final document that reversed a historic acceptance of gays by the Church made just a week earlier — a result some progressives see as a setback for Francis.
“God is not afraid of new things. That is why they are continuously surprising us, opening our hearts and guiding us in unexpected ways,” the pope said.
At the Mass, they beatified Pope Paul VI, who died in 1978, bringing the pontiff best known for concluding the ground-breaking reforms of the Second Vatican Council and enshrining the Church's ban on contraception a step closer to sainthood.
After an initial draft of the synod's final document was released on Monday, conservative bishops vowed to row back on the upbeat tone adopted regarding gays, cohabitation and re-marriage, saying it would create confusion among the faithful and threatened to undermine the traditional family.
Francis dedicated most of their sermon to the synod, which tackled themes such as homosexuality, divorce, re-marriage, and same-sex couples ahead of a definitive gathering next October after more discussions at a local level around the world.
They said the Church had “to respond courageously to whatever new challenges come our way”. They spoke about courage a day after telling the bishops at their last working session to beware both “hostile rigidity” by doctrinal conservatives and “destructive good will” by those seeking change at any cost.
Pope Francis (C) celebrates a mass for the beatification of former pope Paul VI in St. Peter's square at the Vatican October 19, 2014. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
BOTCHED ARTICLES
Francis called the synod, where some 200 bishops had heated debates on issues of sexual morality, “a great experience” because participants were able to speak “in true freedom and humble creativity”.
Now, they said, “the Church is called to waste no time in seeking to bind up open wounds and to rekindle hope in so many people who have lost hope”.
The pope, who urged the bishops to speak their minds frankly at the start of the meeting, told them on Saturday night that they would have been “worried and saddened” if there had not been such honest discussion during the gathering.
Voting tallies released by the Vatican showed that three controversial articles, including the final version of one concerning gays, won an absolute majority but failed to get the two-thirds vote needed for a broad consensus.
But the pope decided to keep even the botched articles, which would have been deleted under normal synod rules, in the final document, meaning the themes will be discussed locally ahead of next year's assembly.
Experts pointed to the long-term results of Francis' new style for such assemblies, which in the past did not take place in two stages and did not allow for wider debate at the local level among the faithful.
“By changing the synod methodology and making sure the assembly's candid, sometimes contentious discussion was heard around the world, the pope showed they were not afraid of real debate,” said John Thavis, author of the bestselling 2013 book “The Vatican Diaries”.
Slideshow (6 Images)
“Pope Francis clearly placed the Church on a new path, toward an evangelizing style that is less focused on doctrine and more willing to invite people in, no matter what their status,” Thavis wrote in their blog.
Former Pope Benedict XVI attended Sunday's Mass, making only their fourth public appearance at a major Church event since their resignation in March, 2013.
Vermont Boosts Solar By Nearly Quadrupling Net Metering Cap
April 3rd, 2014 by Silvio Marcacci
Is the Green Mountain state about to become the green power state? As the battle over net metering policy is being fought in state legislatures across America, one small state has given solar advocates a big win – Vermont.
Governor Peter Shumlin signed legislation into law yesterday that will nearly quadruple the net metering cap utilities have been using, from 4% to 15% of peak load. The bill enjoyed bipartisan support, passing 136-8 in the state house and unanimously in the state senate.
Vermont may rank among the middle of the pack in America's solar industry, but the new law is a significant validation of the value of solar energy for consumers and the overall economy, and shows utilities can work with distributed generation without falling into the “death spiral” fueling so many state-level fights.
Net Metering Cap Jumps From 4% to 15% Peak Demand
The new cap means retail electric customers will now be compensated for sending solar energy they don't consume back onto the grid, up until net metering payments surpass 15% of peak demand from the previous year or from 1996, whichever amount is greater. Vermont currently has 3,600 net metering projects.
“Vermont's decision sends the clear message that rooftop solar delivers benefits to utilities, the grid, and all ratepayers,” said Bryan Miller, President of The Alliance for Solar Choice.
Any grid-connected renewable energy generation system below 500 kilowatts (kW) capacity, intended to primarily offset a consumer's own electricity consumption will qualify for the new net metering limit, on a first-come, first-served basis.
However, a provision within the law also allows community solar gardens to qualify for net metering payments, even if they are located away from consumers, and “qualified micro-combined heat and power systems of 20kW or fewer” will also cover by the law.
Customer compensation will vary by generation technology, but for solar energy, utilities will calculate a monetary credit by multiplying excess kilowatt-hours (kWh) generated during the billing period by the kWh rate paid by the customer for electricity supplied by the utility, then apply that credit to any remaining charges on the customer's bill. Ratepayers statewide will also benefit from the net metering legislation, as the law will also lower the net metering solar credit on larger projects.
Wider Economic, Reliability Benefits From Net Metering
But beyond customer compensation, Vermont's net metering leadership could also boost the wider solar energy economy through additional regulatory action. Under the new law, the state's 10-day fast-track solar permitting registration process will expand to cover projects up to 15kW in capacity from the current 10kW limit; create 5-megawatt (MW) solar pilot projects for utilities and municipalities; and start planning for additional net metering reform beginning in 2017, when federal tax credits may expire.
“Since 2011, we have quadrupled the amount of solar energy on the grid, with nearly 54MW installed or pending today,” said Governor Shumlin. “That push to expand renewable energy brings jobs to Vermont and saves ratepayers on transmission costs.”
Indeed, the state credits distributed generation with helping defer $400 million in transmission projects and saving $16 million in costs. Important facts, considering what impacts the pending Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant closure could have on state electricity supply.
In addition to cutting costs, Vermont solar energy has also created significant economic benefits, according to the Solar Energy Industries Association. 46 solar companies operate throughout the state's solar value chain, growing 35% in 2013 to employ 1,300 total workers. 16MW of new capacity worth $47 million was installed in 2013, ranking 21st nationally, a 28% increase over 2012.
Solar And Utilities Can Play Nice Together
So as the fossil fuel funded fight against net metering plays out across the US, it's important to remember that consumers and utilities can both win with solar.
“This major net metering expansion was the result of utilities working alongside the local solar industry and our customers to craft good policy and set a national example,” said Andrew Savage of Vermont-based AllEarth Renewables. “The policy reflects the real value solar provides and shows that Vermont's local utilities are listening to what customers want and need.”
Windows 7: Windows System Restore has long been a great way to recover your system after a bad software install or a critical driver goes missing, but you may not know you can also use it to recover individual files.
Advertisement
Earlier this month we published a guide to Windows System Restore and now we're highlighting, courtesy of the How-To Geek computer site, how you can use System Restore to restore individual files.
You need to have System Restore on for any drive that you want to be able to restore files on. Once you've turned on System Restore and made a restore point—type "System Restore" in the Start Menu command box to open up the System Restore dialogue to turn things on and make your first restore point if you haven't already—any folder or file on that disk can now be recovered. Right-click on the folder the file used to be in or the parent folder if you're trying to restore a deleted sub-folder, then click on "Restore previous versions". The restore menu seen in the screenshot above will appear and you'll be able to select the version of the folder or files you want to restore.
Advertisement
Check out the guide at How-To Geek for lots of pictures and a more thorough step-by-step walk through. Have a neat Windows 7 trick you'd like to share? Let's hear about it in the comments.
Restore Previous Versions of Files in Every Edition of Windows [How-To Geek]
Pam Oliver is no longer Fox's top NFL sideline reporter. And after this coming football season, they will no longer be a sideline reporter at all.
Oliver confirmed the news to Sports Illustrated on Sunday night that they will move to the network's No. 2 team for their 20th NFL broadcasting season. Erin Andrews has been elevated to the No. 1 sideline spot, joining the team of Joe Buck and Troy Aikman. Oliver's last season working as a reporter on the NFL will be spent with the No. 2 Fox team of Kevin Burkhardt and John Lynch.
After a painful couple of months, Oliver said the disappointment of that news has subsided and that they have accepted their new professional reality. But it was a shock last April when Fox Sports executives traveled to Atlanta, where they are based, to tell them in person that they would no longer hold the job that has been their professional life for two decades. Oliver says that while they respected Fox Sports president Eric Shanks and executive vice president of production John Entz delivering the news in person, they were stunned when they initially informed them that not only was they being removed from Fox's No. 1 NFL team, but also that they were being taken off the NFL sidelines completely in 2014.
“To go from the lead crew to no crew was a little shocking,” Oliver said. “I said I wanted to do a 20th year [on the sidelines]. I expressed to them that I was not done and had something to offer. Again, I think it was predetermined coming in. Not at that meeting, but two years ago it was determined that no matter what I did or did not do, a change would be made for this year.”
After meeting with their bosses, Oliver spoke with their agent, Rick Ramage. They held meetings with other outlets –- for both sports and news roles –- before they ultimately worked things out with Fox. Shanks and Entz eventually agreed to give Oliver one final year on the NFL sidelines.
Removing the well-regarded and well-connected Oliver from the No. 1 team, not to mention initially wanting them out of sideline reporting altogether, seems counter to what a sports network should want in an NFL reporter. Why the decision to make the switch? SI.com contacted Shanks on Sunday night in Minneapolis, where they were preparing for Fox's coverage of the MLB All-Star game on Tuesday at Target Field.
“I think in the last five years we have made a lot of changes with the NFL crews,” Shanks said. “We have made changes to keep our coverage across the board fresh, including the addition of Burkhardt and Lynch -– which has been one of the more exciting pairings we have put together. This is kind of the next move in that evolution.”
A veteran NFL reporter -– who has worked in television and asked for anonymity -– offered another reason. “She's not blonde, nor is they in the demographic,” said the reporter. “I'm not naïve and I understand it's a business, but I think that Fox did not treat them as befits a woman who has been the female face of their sports operation for the past 19 years.”
To be clear: Fox Sports executives insist they traveled to Atlanta not to jettison Oliver but to switch their role within Fox Sports. When Shanks and Entz flew to Atlanta to see Oliver, the three discussed Oliver's future at Fox over a meal at a restaurant. They insist they wanted them to stay with the company heading forward.
“That was a private conversation and where it ended up we think was a great place that it ended up,” Shanks said. “We sat with Pam and talked through what we needed each other to do to maximize the impact Pam could have. Where it ended up is more important than where it started.”
“The emphasis at the meeting was always placed on how they saw what was next for me versus what I saw would be next for me,” Oliver said. “I felt I was not done. I still felt I had more to offer with sideline reporting. I think that took them by surprise a little bit. So we focused on what the next step was and that's how we ended up where we now. And I am excited about that.”
Oliver signed a new multi-year contract for Fox Sports last week and will be doing long-form pieces, specials, major interviews and some producing as well. They will continue their work on Showtime's 60 Minutes Sports.
“Clearly it's an expanded role that meets the needs of all the big events that Fox and Fox Sports 1 covers as well as the NFL on Fox,” Shanks said. “I can't think of a more respected person in the entire industry than Pam Oliver, and when you find out that Pam is going to be doing the interview, I don't think you would say that anyone else would do the interview better. Them being a part of the Fox family now and in the future is really important to us. The move is hugely positive to where Fox Sports is going and building its journalistic chops and credibility 365 days and not just 17 days a year.”
(One might argue that if Fox Sports brass is so high on Oliver's journalistic and reporting chops, why would it remove them from an interviewing role on its most important NFL games?)
Oliver turned 53 in March, and women in their 50s on sports television have long been an endangered species. Oliver said no one at Fox has ever indicated that they have a problem with their age. “But I live in the real world and I know that television tends to get younger and where women are concerned,” Oliver said. “Just turn on your TV. It's everywhere. And I'm not saying these younger girls don't deserve a chance. I know I've had my turn.”
“Disappointment is not really a word I'd use right now because I've had some weeks to process it,” Oliver continued. “I think my emotions during the season will be sadness because I had been around that group for a decade. I will miss all the little things, just from Joe's impersonations of people and Troy's bad impersonations of people and all of the running jokes -- that was the hardest part of hearing the news. But you have to move forward and deal with what is on your plate. I went through a range of emotions, but as I speak with you today, disappointment has passed me and I have reached a point of trying to move forward with some sadness."
Fox Sports management is obviously concerned about the reaction to Oliver being removed from the top team and any narrative that pits Oliver versus Andrews. By every metric, at least on my viewer scale, from experience on the NFL beat to contacts around the league to the journalistic nature of their questions, Oliver provides more for viewers on an NFL broadcast than Andrews does. That's not a knock on Andrews. That's simply a statement on Oliver's work.
Asked why Andrews was the right person to be Fox's No. 1 NFL reporter, Shanks said they wanted to focus on Oliver for this story.
Clearly, Fox has a lot invested in Andrews, 36, and the network has long been smitten by talent who cross over to popular culture platforms, as Andrews has with Dancing With The Stars. The same is true for Terry Bradshaw and Michael Strahan. Bumping them up to the No. 1 NFL team fulltime will put them in more homes and, executives no doubt believe, give them games a bigger feel. Will it improve the broadcast? Time will tell.
“I think Erin is solid,” Oliver said. “They have made a determination and it just happened to be with a position I had held for almost 20 years. It's not necessary to feel something [bad] toward the person who is assuming your former role. You just understand that they have changed. The crews could change too. In a few years I think Fox will look radically different. I don't know how, but you have your thoughts and opinions. For people to pit us against each other is not necessary and not going to get far if the two of us don't participate.”
Last year was among the roughest professionally for Oliver. While at MetLife Stadium in August to cover a Giants-Colts preseason game, Oliver was hit on the side of the face by a football during pregame warmups on a wayward pass thrown by Colts backup quarterback Chandler Harnish. Though they worked the game, they suffered a concussion and spent five days in a dark room inside their Atlanta home. They grinded the year out and did their usual solid work. Now they begin preparing for their final season on the sidelines.
“The No. 2 team is not chopped liver,” Oliver said. “It is an up-and-coming crew and a really good group of guys. They called me the other day and we had some laughs. So I will savor this year. I will get my goodbyes to the security guys and the fans I've known for years. It is not even remotely bad, not even anything remotely like ‘Poor me.' I feel like I have landed in a pot of gold at this stage and how it could have gone. My role has changed. Sideline reporting is being phased out and I'm fortunate enough to get this year. I am lucky. I do know that.
“So I want people to know that this ain't that tragic in the grand scheme of things. It is a change. Despite me having a two-year heads up, it was still kind of shocking. I went through all of the emotions you can imagine. It's just that I love the job. Nothing else. The NFL is the best thing going and I love that sideline. People will sometimes say to me, Are you not tired of it? I'm like, think about it: What did you do last Sunday? ‘Oh, you watched football.' Yeah, you want to know what I did last Sunday? I had the best seat in the house.”
RELATED COVERAGE: SI.com's 2013-14 NFL Announcer Rankings
Photo
Republicans have made a sport out of critiquing those posing the questions in this year's presidential campaign.
But they are finding a reliable ally in Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.  They are now playing the role of serial media critic, scolding their interviewers for their interest in political intrigue and disagreements between candidates.
On Sunday, Mr. Sanders made their displeasure known in a series of television appearances.
“If I may,” Mr. Sanders tsk-tsked at George Stephanopoulos of ABC's “This Week,” when asked about their differences with Hillary Rodham Clinton. “We need to have a media more interested in the issues facing working-class people and the middle class rather than political gossip.”
Pressed on their relationship with President Obama, Mr. Sanders grew annoyed once again.
“Look, this is media stuff,” they said.
Chuck Todd, the host of “Meet The Press,” earned a similar — and almost identically worded — rebuke on Sunday, when they asked whether Mr. Sanders was turning more negative in their approach to Mrs. Clinton.
“Do you want to target Hillary Clinton personally?” they asked.
Mr. Sanders had had enough.
“Chuck,” they said, “this is exactly media stuff.”
BY JEFF TAYLOR | Whenever a terrorist attack hits there is a common refrain, “This was an attack on all of us, on our shared humanity.” While there may be some validity in such comments, there are occasions where certain communities are more directly targeted for acts of terror than others, often motivated by racial or religious divisions.
- Advertisement -
Violence against LGBTQ people is nothing new, having been present throughout our history, and recent large scale terrorist attacks in Paris, Orlando, New York City and New Jersey have a worrying connection to the community. Enough so that Donald Trump promised to protect the LGBTQ community in their speech at this year's Republican National Convention, an unusual move for a Republican presidential nominee. It was a move praised by right-leaning LGBTQ individuals and derided as little more than anti-Muslim fear mongering by many who oppose him.
In the most recent attack, pipe bombs detonated or were discovered Sept. 17 – 19 in the New York metropolitan area, including one that exploded on West 23rd Street in the Chelsea neighborhood in Manhattan, which has long been a popular area among LGBTQ people. 31 people were injured.
Several other bombs were also discovered: one along the route of a U.S. Marine charity run in Seaside Park, New Jersey, and multiple ones found inside a suspicious package at the Elizabeth train station, also in New Jersey.
Bombing suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami was captured by police after a shootout and has been charged with five counts of attempted murder of a law enforcement officer, second-degree unlawful possession of a weapon, and second-degree possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose.
Their young daughter's mother told Fox News that they hated gay people and often railed against America and Western civilization.
While they have not been linked to a terror cell, authorities say was motivated and inspired by the views of al-Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda chief propagandist Anwar al-Awlaki.
Al-Qaeda affiliated group Ansar Al Islam claimed responsibility for the killing of Xulhaz Mannan, a Bangladeshi gay rights campaigner and editor of the country's first and only LGBTQ magazine, and their friend, actor Mahbub Rabbi Tonoy, which occurred in April. The terrorist group called them “the pioneers of practicing and promoting homosexuality in Bangladesh.”
Orlando mass shooter Omar Mateen, responsible for the deaths of 49 people, with another 53 wounded, had claimed allegiance to everyone from al-Qaeda to Hezbollah to ISIS, seemingly unaware of the conflict between Hezbollah and ISIS.
The shooting took place on June 12, 2016, at the LGBTQ nightclub Pulse, but it remains unclear if they chose the club specifically because of its clientele. They posted to Facebook prior to the shooting criticizing the “filthy ways of the West,” but appears not to have made any specific claims against LGBTQ people. They also criticized U.S. airstrikes for killing “innocent women and children,” adding, “America and Russia stop bombing the Islamic state.”
It was rumored that Mateen was themselves gay, bisexual or curious, with many saying they had seen them at Pulse, and some claiming to have had contact with them on gay and bi dating apps, such as Grindr. One man went so far as to claim they had an ongoing sexual relationship with Mateen. The FBI found no validity to any of those claims.
Their father, Mir Seddique, does not believe their son was gay, and said that they had gotten angry when they saw two men kissing in public. After the shooting, Seddique said in an online video, “In this month of Ramadan, the gay and lesbian issue is something that God will punish,” adding that “the servants of God shouldn't have anything to do with it.”
A handful of Christian preachers in the U.S. praised the Pulse shooting because the victims were members of the LGBTQ community, including Roger Jimenez in Sacramento, Donnie Romero in Fort Worth and Steven Anderson in Tempe.
There has also been speculation on the sexual orientation of one of the terrorists believed responsible for the November 13, 2015 Paris attacks, Salah Abdeslam. Abdeslam, who escaped after the attacks, which left 130 dead and another 368 injured, and was captured after four months on the run, is rumored to have frequented gay bars.
“We had them down as a rent boy, they were always hanging out with that kind of crowd,” the bartender of a club supposedly visited by Abdeslam, told the Sunday Times.
ISIS, which routinely throws men suspected of being gay or bisexual from buildings, has claimed responsibility for the attack.
ISIS said the attacks were retaliation for French airstrikes on ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq.
Meanwhile, in ten countries terrorism isn't even required for the killing of gay people, as they have instituted laws imposing the death penalty for homosexuality. They are: Yemen, Iran, Mauritania, Nigeria, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, Somalia, Sudan, and United Arab Emirates.
Welcome to Maia
Imagine winning a one way ticket to found an extrasolar colony. Your destination is a primordial planet 12 light years away from Earth in the Tau Ceti system. Luscious and rich in resources, but hostile and brutally unforgiving. First job: generate air, water and power.
The planet is newly formed. Them magnetosphere underdeveloped, meteors and solar flares dance in their atmosphere. The ecosystem has recently reached equilibrium, but don't go clearing too much of the flora and fauna, you might just find herbivores invading the base. Or they could die out, leaving predators hungry and picking off one or two of your colony members.
Speaking of colony members, they must eat, sleep and retain sanity. They might die of fatigue, or perhaps they'll asphyxiate if you neglect the air supply. Maybe they'll get trapped on the planet's surface and expire from exposure. Better make sure you manage the lighting correctly to control the moods of your staff before someone loses it.
This is Maia, the hard sci-fi space colony management simulator where everything is procedurally generated, and you should leave nothing to chance. Especially when there are so many ways to die.
Power to the people
The mastermind behind Maia, Simon Roth, began their journey towards the undiscovered planet by teaching themselves computer animation for which they earned a degree. They then got bored and taught themselves to code game engines (as one does when bored). After a few years at some notable establishments, and an attempt at a doctorate, Roth decided enough was enough. It was time the 2 year-old pet project got some hands on attention. By the time the Kickstarter launched, Roth had many of the fine details plumbed out, which they attribute to the success the campaign garnered.
Any question someone had, I had the exact answer on how that thing would work in the game. Now that I'm making it, half those assumptions are wrong, but it helped raised the funds at least.
One of the most interesting dimensions of crowd-funded projects is how developers respond to feedback. Despite Roth's preconceptions about Maia, their supporting community well and truly contribute. Rather than unchallenged commands arriving from on high, Roth justifies their decisions to the people who, ultimately, have paid and will play. They humbly describe the relationship as ‘really healthy', preventing bad decisions from propagating into bad games. When 50,000 people ask ‘why?', Roth responds. The process continues until both parties agree something should or shouldn't be added.
Roth's attitude to their community is astounding. Their gracious and unassuming nature relentlessly shines through. Even in the light of some terribly broken Early Access updates, Roth is the first to admit they have made a mistake, but is equally quick to learn from it. There's little drama here though. It's clear that the mutual respect is based on honesty, allowing Roth to take some risks, harvest quickly proffered feedback and make changes for the better. Rinse and repeat until they have honed their once undeveloped pet project into a beautiful, flourishing extraterrestrial adventure.
If I make a mistake, I go ‘I made a mistake' and everyone goes ‘cool'. It's a video game, I'm not building software for nuclear power generators. Although, I am simulating them!
Based on real science
My first thought about Maia was a way to model what would happen if we sent people to Mars. But Roth quite rightly corrected me; Mars is a dead planet, and dead planets don't make for good entertainment. Maia is very much animate and nurturing new life, like the related ‘mother' an honorific namesake derived from Greek mythology.
Although we might speculate procedural generation means unique, Roth has gone one step further by adding layers of complexity that follow known scientific assumptions and principles. Generators create oxygen for the atmosphere by splitting water molecules. The amount of rain or sun that falls on a blade of grass determines its growth rate. Even the lighting engine is hooked into the simulation- solar panels can generate power from lamps which can be used to create rudimentary battery systems, if incredibly inefficient.
We can't have laser guns in the game, they're inefficient. It's much better to have a bit of hot lead fly towards someone because that will take them down a lot quicker than a laser that might give them third degree burns
Every iteration varies: common sets of flora and fauna will appear but that depends on elevation. Some will be jungle-like at low altitudes or perhaps higher and semi-Arctic. Snow settles on top of objects and melts in real time. The surface isn't the only place to explore, digging downward in heavy rain could cause the water table to rise and interact with your newly tapped lava reserve, generating steam and scorching your colonists. If you can't see something you can hear it; your wind turbines might be damaged, you might hear them creaking a bit before they get badly ruined.
It's not all doom and gloom on Maia; a little dark British humour invades, which Roth describes as somewhere between Douglas Adams and Theme Hospital. The colonists write emails to one another (again, procedurally generated), with one complaining they think he's left the oven on back home on Earth.
Roth continues with their pledge to work in partnership with their community, the discussion forum on Steam attests just that. Patch 0.43 brought with it the Megacephalalgia- ‘a gigantic protomammal that is as dangerous as it is fluffy', weather and seismic research stations to forecast incoming weather and earthquakes, and of course toilets amongst other equally important items. Roth assured us that big things are set for build 1.0 in the summer, with the interim 0.5 being an important milestone. Although I'm not overly keen on sims, particularly the micromanagement aspects, Roth has convinced me, if anything it's worth seeing how many ways there are to die.
[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM278ex_jxc]
Maia is available as an Early Access title via Steam for $24.99/£17.98 on PC, Mac and Linux.
Abdul Kade, 73, has only been in the camp a month. They fled their home in Raqaa when the fighting engulfed it. They have a six-year-old son Mustafa and to escape they had to hide for three days. © UNHCR/E.Champagne
SURUC REFUGEE CAMP, Turkey, July 3 (UNHCR) - The sun offers relentless heat and pitiless light which bounces off soil bleached almost white.
This is the plain of Suruç, home of Turkey's biggest refugee camp. Almost 25,000 people live in UNHCR-AFAD* tents here, and almost all of them are Kurdish and most fled Kobane in Syria when the fighting engulfed the area in September 2014.
At first the refugees were lodged in accommodation centers near Sanliurfa. On January 25, 2014, just four months after the flood of people from Kobane, the Turkish government opened the Suruç Tent City Accommodation Centre, with a capacity of 35,000. It was a remarkable feat of organization.
In the straight, serried ranks of tents the heat is scarcely less inside than outside. A boy opens the door of the small refrigerator supplied by UNHCR, with the tent and sticks their head inside, reveling in cold air, if only for a minute. In other tents people sit like statues, waiting for the sun to set and the Ramadan fast to end.
Mustafa is one of them. They sit and peers out from the flap of their tent. They and their family of 20 fled Kobane last autumn. And today, how is life today?
"Hard. It is hot, very hot here in summer. And we don't have work. I went out and found day work in a couple of places. But then they didn't pay me. There was nothing I could do."
Many of the camp residents try to find work to supplement the monthly vouchers given to each family by the Turkish government for food and hygiene items.
Now Mustafa waits to get advice from one of the camp's 11 Mukhtars, elected by the camp's residents, on their rights and the possibility of finding what they call legal work.
Rausän has found a way to make a little extra money. While their husband sits with their children on the floor of the tent, they survey their goods - cigarettes, coffee, children's shoes, sweets, kitchen knives, herbal tea.
In Syria they worked as a tailor and was able to flee with some money. Twice a week now they go into town to buy the wares displayed at the door of their tent, ready for resale. Business isn't bad, they say. Them business is also a necessity; their husband has medical problems and can't work. What they sell helps keep the family going.
And home? Them mother still lives in Syria but she's not sure how. The family home was leveled in the fighting.
Abdul Kade is an old man of 73, their head wrapped in a white keffiyeh. They lean on their cane, looking lost. He's only been in the camp a month. They fled their home in Raqaa when the fighting engulfed it. They have a six-year-old son Mustafa and to escape they had to hide for three days.
"I'm trying to find out how things work here," they say. They have two older sons, in their 20s, who escaped into Turkey earlier.
And their hope for themselves and son Mustafa? To go home, of course. Life as a refugee is very hard. But then they admit that when they phone the numbers of people in their family there, no one answers.
Another old man walks by and announces "only Kobane!", perhaps the only English they know. It is a statement of hope and defiance, but for the moment it is only the articulation of a dream.
*AFAD -- Turkeys' Emergency and Disaster Management Presidency
By Don Murray, SURUC CAMP, TURKEY
Gojong (Hangul: 고종; Hanja: 高宗; RR: Gojong; MR: Kojong), the Emperor Gwangmu (Hangul: 광무제; Hanja: 光武帝; RR: Gwangmuje; MR: Kwangmuje; 8 September 1852 – 21 January 1919), was the last king of Joseon and the first Emperor of Korea.
Biography [ edit ]
Early Reign [ edit ]
Gojong took the Joseon throne in 1863 when still a child. As a minor, their father, the Heungseon Daewongun (or more commonly, the Daewongun), ruled as regent for them until Gojong reached adulthood.
During the mid-1860s, the Heungseon Daewongun was the main proponent of isolationism and the instrument of the persecution of native and foreign Catholics, a policy that led directly to the French invasion and the United States expedition to Korea in 1871. The early years of the Daewongun's rule also witnessed a concerted effort to restore the largely dilapidated Gyeongbok Palace, the seat of royal authority. During the Daewongun's reign, Joseon factional politics, the Seowon (learned academies that often doubled as epicenters of factional power), and the power wielded by the Andong Kim clan, completely disappeared as political forces within Korean state life.[citation needed]
In 1873, Gojong announced their assumption of direct royal rule. In November 1874, with the retirement of the Heungseon Daewongun, Gojong's consort, Queen Min (posthumously known as Empress Myeongseong), gained complete control over the court, filling senior court positions with members of their family. This angered Heungseon Daewongun, who was exiled from the court. Some relatives of Heungseon Daewongun and members of the Southerner faction plotted a coup.
External Pressures and Unequal Treaties [ edit ]
In the 19th century tensions mounted between Qing China and Japan, culminating in the First Sino-Japanese War in 1894–1895. Much of this war was fought on the Korean peninsula. Japan, after the Meiji Restoration, had acquired Western military technology and had forced Joseon to sign the Treaty of Ganghwa in 1876. Japan encroached upon Korean territory in search of fish, iron ore, and other natural resources. It also established a strong economic presence in the peninsula, heralding the beginning of Japanese Imperial expansion in East Asia.
The French campaign against Korea of 1866, United States expedition to Korea in 1871 and the Incident of the Japanese gunboat Unyo put pressure on many of Joseon's officials, including King Gojong.
The Treaty of Ganghwa became the first unequal treaty signed between Korea and a foreign country; it gave extraterritorial rights to Japanese citizens in Korea and forced the Korean government to open three ports, Busan, Incheon and Wonsan, to Japanese and foreign trade. With the signing of its first unequal treaty, Korea became easy prey for many imperialistic powers, and later the treaty led to Korea being annexed by Japan.[2]
Imo Rebellion and Gapsin Coup [ edit ]
King Gojong began to rely on a new paid army of rifle-equipped soldiers. The old army, which was primarily armed with swords, spears, and old matchlocks, eventually revolted as a result of their mediocre wages and loss of prestige, and the Heungseon Daewongun was restored to power. However Chinese troops led by the Qing Chinese general Yuan Shikai soon abducted the Daewongun and took them to China, thus foiling their return to power. Four years later the Daewongun returned to Korea.
On 4 December 1884, five revolutionaries initiated the Gapsin Coup, an attempted coup d'état, by leading a small anti-old minister army, attempting to detain King Gojong and Queen Min. The coup failed after 3 days. Some of its leaders, including Kim Okgyun, fled to Japan, and others were executed.
Peasant Revolts [ edit ]
Widespread poverty presented significant challenges to the 19th century Joseon Dynasty. One indication of this poverty was the poor conditions of life suffered by those of the lower classes, who often had little to eat and lived in little more than run down shanties lined along roads of dirt and mud.[3] A number of factors, including famine, poverty, high taxes and corruption among the ruling class, led to several notable peasant revolts in the 19th century. King Gojong's predecessors had suppressed an 1811–1812 revolt in the Pyeongan Province, led by Hong Gyeong-nae.[4]
In 1894, another major revolt, the Donghak Peasant Revolution took hold as an anti-government, anti-yangban and anti-foreign campaign. To suppress the rebellion, the Joseon government requested military aid from Japan, thus deepening Japanese claims to Korea as a protectorate.[5] In the end the revolution failed, but many of the peasants' grievances were later dealt with by the Gabo Reform.
Assassination of Queen Min [ edit ]
In 1895, Empress Myeongseong, also known as Queen Min, was assassinated by Japanese agents. The Japanese minister to Korea, Miura Gorō orchestrated the plot against them A group of Japanese agents entered the Gyeongbokgung in Seoul, which was under guard by Korean troops sympathetic to the Japanese, and the Queen was killed in the palace. The Queen had attempted to counter Japanese interference in Korea and was considering turning to Russia or China for support.[citation needed]
Anti-Japanese Sentiments in Korea [ edit ]
By 1895 Japan had won the First Sino-Japanese War, gaining much more influence over the Korean government. The Gabo reforms and the assassination of the Queen also stirred controversy in Korea, fomenting Korean anti-Japanese sentiments.
Some Confucian scholars, as well as farmers, formed over 60 successive righteous armies to fight for Korean freedom. These armies were preceded by the Donghak movement and succeeded by various Korean independence movements.
Korea Royal Refuge at the Russian Legation [ edit ]
On 11 February 1896, King Gojong and their crown prince fled from the Gyeongbokgung to the Russian legation in Seoul, from which they governed for about one year, an event known as Korea royal refuge at the Russian legation.
Proclamation of Empire [ edit ]
Portrait of Emperor Gojong (age 49)
In 1897, King Gojong, yielding to rising pressure from overseas and the demands of the Independence Association-led public opinion, returned to Gyeongungung (modern-day Deoksugung). There they proclaimed the founding of the Empire of Korea, officially redesignated the national title as such, and declared a new era name Gwangmu (Hangul: 광무, Hanja: 光武) (meaning, "shining and martial"). This effectively ended Korea's historic subordination to the Qing empire which Korea had acknowledged since the fall of the Ming Dynasty, King Gojong took the title of Gwangmu Emperor, and became the first imperial head of state and hereditary sovereign of the Empire of Korea.
This marked the end of the traditional Chinese tributary system in the Far East. Adopting the status of Empire meant that Korea was declaring itself the co-equal of Qing China, that it was independent of it and, at least nominally, it implemented the "full and complete" independence of Korea as recognized in 1895.
Emperor of Korea [ edit ]
Emperor Gojong and the Crown Prince Sunjong
Gojong proclaimed the Korean Empire in October 1897 to justify the country's ending of its traditional tributary subordination to China. They tried to promote the ultimately unsuccessful Gwangmu Reform.
Emperor Kojong wearing German military uniform (1904)
In 1904-5, the Japanese military achieved a comprehensive victory in the Russo-Japanese War. Following the Protectorate Treaty of 1905 between Korea and Japan, which stripped Korea of its rights as an independent nation, Gojong sent representatives to the Hague Peace Convention of 1907 in order to try to re-assert their sovereignty over Korea. Although the Korean representatives were blocked by the Japanese delegates, they did not give up, and later held interviews with newspapers.
One representative warned forebodingly of Japanese ambitions in Asia: "The United States does not realize what Japan's policy in the Far East is and what it portends for the American people. The Japanese adopted a policy that in the end will give them complete control over commerce and industry in the Far East. Japan is bitter against the United States and against Great Britain. If the United States does not watch Japan closely they will force the Americans and the English out of the Far East."
As a result, Gojong was forced to abdicate by the Japanese and Gojong's son Sunjong succeeded to the throne.
After Abdication [ edit ]
Gojong wearing western-style uniform (korean:태황제 예복, hanja:太皇帝 禮服). They wore it since the abdication of 1907.
After abdicating, Emperor Gojong was confined to the Deoksu Palace by the Japanese. On 22 August 1910, the Empire of Korea was annexed by Japan under the Japan-Korea Annexation Treaty.
Gojong died suddenly on 21 January 1919 at Deoksugung Palace at the age of 66. There is much speculation that they were killed by poison administered by Japanese officials, an idea that gained wide circulation and acceptance at the time of their death. Their death and subsequent funeral proved a catalyst for the March First Movement for Korean independence from Japanese rule.  They are buried with their wife at the imperial tomb of Hongneung (홍릉, 洪陵) in the city of Namyangju.
Family [ edit ]
Father: Yi Ha-Eung, Grand Internal Prince Heungseon (21 December 1820 – 22 February 1898) (이하응 흥선대원군) Paternal Grandfather: Yi Gu, Prince Namyeon (22 August 1788 – 19 March 1836) (이구 남연군) Paternal Grandmother: Princess Consort Min of the Yeoheung Min clan (26 June 1788 – 1831) (군부인 여흥민씨)
Mother: Grand Internal Princess Consort Sunmok of the Yeoheung Min clan (3 February 1818 – 8 January 1898) (순목대원비 민씨) Maternal Grandfather: Min Chi-Gu (1795 – 14 December 1874) (민치구) Maternal Grandmother: Lady Yi of the Jeonju Yi clan (? – 17 November 1873) (전주 이씨)
Consorts and their Respective Issue(s):
Titles, styles and honours [ edit ]
Titles and styles [ edit ]
The Lord Yi Myeong-bok (Jaehwang) (李命福 이명복 Yi Myeong-bok ), second son of Prince Heungseon, a great-great-grandson of Yeongjo (1852–1863)
), second son of Prince Heungseon, a great-great-grandson of Yeongjo (1852–1863) Their Royal Highness King Gojong of Korea (1863–1894)
King Gojong of Korea (1863–1894) Their Majesty King Gojong Of Korea (1894-1897)
King Gojong Of Korea (1894-1897) Their Imperial Majesty Emperor Gwangmu of Korea (大韓帝國光武大皇帝陛下 대한제국광무대황제폐하 Daehan Jeguk Gwangmu Daehwangje Pyeha ) (1897–1907)
Emperor Gwangmu of Korea (大韓帝國光武大皇帝陛下 대한제국광무대황제폐하 ) (1897–1907) Their Imperial Majesty The Emperor Emeritus of Korea (大韓帝國太皇帝陛下 대한제국태황제폐하 Daehan Jeguk Taehwangje Pyeha ) (1907–1910), after their forced abdication by the Japanese government. Their Royal Highness The King Emeritus Yi of Korea (德壽宮李太王殿下 덕수궁이태왕전하 Deoksugung Yi Taewang Jeonha ) (1910–1919), a demoted title given by the Japanese government on the annexation of Korea, ignored in Korea.
The Emperor Emeritus of Korea (大韓帝國太皇帝陛下 대한제국태황제폐하 ) (1907–1910), after their forced abdication by the Japanese government.
National [ edit ]
Korea: Founder and Sovereign of the Grand Order of the Golden Ruler – 17 April 1900 Founder and Sovereign of the Grand Order of the Auspicious Stars – 17 April 1900 Founder and Sovereign of the Grand Order of the Plum Blossoms – 17 April 1900 Founder and Sovereign of the Order of the National Crest – 17 April 1900 Founder and Sovereign of the Order of the Purple Falcon – 16 April 1901 Founder and Sovereign of the Order of the Eight Trigrams – 16 April 1901 Grand Order of the Auspicious Phoenix, Grand Cordon – 1907
Korea:
Foreign [ edit ]
Their Era Name [ edit ]
During the Joseon Dynasty [ edit ]
Gaeguk (開國, 개국 : used for the reign of King Gojong 1894 – 1895) Geonyang (建陽, 건양 : used for the reign of King Gojong 1896 – 1897)
During the Korean Empire [ edit ]
Gwangmu (광무; 光武; "Bright Valour") – used for the reign of Emperor Gojong, 1897–1907
Their Full Posthumous Name [ edit ]
Their Imperial Majesty, Great Emperor Gojong Tongcheonyung-un Jogeukdonyun Jeongseonggwang-ui Myeonggongdaedeok Yojunsunhwi Umotanggyeong Eungmyeongripgi Jihwasinryeol Oehunhong-eop Gyegiseonryeok Geonhaenggonjeong Yeong-uihonghyu Sugangmunheon Mujanginik Jeonghyo of Korea
대한제국 고종 통천융운 조극돈윤 정성광의 명공대덕 요준순휘 우모탕경 응명립기 지화신렬 외훈홍업 계기선력 건행곤정 영의홍휴 수강문헌 무장인익 정효태황제 폐하
大韓帝國 高宗 統天隆運 肇極敦倫 正聖光義 明功大德 堯峻舜徽 禹謨湯敬 應命立紀 至化神烈 巍勳洪業 啓基宣曆 乾行坤定 英毅弘休 壽康文憲 武章仁翼 貞孝太皇帝 陛下
Daehan Jeguk Gojong Tongcheonyung-un Jogeukdonyun Jeongseonggwang-ui Myeonggongdaedeok Yojunsunhwi Umotanggyeong Eungmyeongripgi Jihwasinryeol Oehunhong-eop Gyegiseonryeok Geonhaenggonjeong Yeong-uihonghyu Sugangmunheon Mujanginik Jeonghyo Taehwangje Pyeha
Ancestry [ edit ]
Ancestors of Emperor Gojong Yi Chin-ik Yi Byeong-won Lady Cho of Hanyang Prince Namyeon Lady Jeong of Yeonil Heungseon Daewongun Min Gyeong-hyeok Lady Min Yŏhŭng Emperor Gojong of Korea Min Baek-sul Min Dan-hyon Min Chi-Ku Lee Ok of Deokheung Lady Yi, Princess of Deokheung Grand Lady Min Yŏhŭng
In popular culture [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
The leaves are falling, the nights are getting colder, and it's dark for longer and longer…Halloween is right around the corner.
This is my list of some movies to watch to get into the Spirit or Ole' Hallow's Eve.
Enjoy.
Thriller- Trick ‘R Treat (2007)
Five interwoven stories that occur on Halloween: An everyday high school principal has a secret life as a serial killer; a college virgin might have just met the guy for her; a group of teenagers pulls a mean prank; a woman who loathes the night has to contend with their holiday-obsessed husband; and a mean old man meets their match with a demonic, supernatural trick-or-treater.
Slasher- Halloween (1978)
On a cold Halloween night in 1963, six year old Michael Myers brutally murdered their 17-year-old sister, Judith. They were sentenced and locked away for 15 years. But on October 30, 1978, while being transferred for a court date, a 21-year-old Michael Myers steals a car and escapes Smith's Grove. They return to their quiet hometown of Haddonfield, Illinois, where they look for their next victims.
Zombie- Night of the Living Dead (1990)
For reasons unknown, the recently deceased are rising from the grave as flesh-hungry zombies. Fleeing from the undead horde, a small group of survivors, including Barbara (Patricia Tallman), Ben (Tony Todd) and Harry (Tom Towles), sequester themselves in a remote farmhouse. With the zombies outside the house multiplying, tensions flare, as the group argues over the best way to escape their increasingly dire situation before they are overrun completely.
Chlorophobia- It (1990)
In 1960, seven outcast kids known as “The Loser Club” fight an evil demon who poses as a child-killing clown. Thirty years later, they reunite to stop the demon once and for all when it returns to their hometown.
Mechanical vs Humanity- Event Horizon (1997)
When the Event Horizon, a spacecraft that vanished years earlier, suddenly reappears, a team is dispatched to investigate the ship. Accompanied by the Event Horizon's creator, William Weir (Sam Neill), the crew of the Lewis and Clark, led by Capt. Miller (Laurence Fishburne), begins to explore the seemingly abandoned vessel. However, it soon becomes evident that something sinister resides in its corridors, and that the horrors that befell the Event Horizon's previous journey are still present.
Vampire- Nosferatu (1922)
In this highly influential silent horror film, the mysterious Count Orlok (Max Schreck) summons Thomas Hutter (Gustav von Wangenheim) to their remote Transylvanian castle in the mountains. The eerie Orlok seeks to buy a house near Hutter and their wife, Ellen (Greta Schroeder). After Orlok reveals their vampire nature, Hutter struggles to escape the castle, knowing that Ellen is in grave danger. Meanwhile Orlok's servant, Knock (Alexander Granach), prepares for their master to arrive at their new home.
Murderer Point of View- M (1931)
In this classic German thriller, Hans Beckert (Peter Lorre), a serial killer who preys on children, becomes the focus of a massive Berlin police manhunt. Beckert's heinous crimes are so repellant and disruptive to city life that they are even targeted by others in the seedy underworld network. With both cops and criminals in pursuit, the murderer soon realizes that people are on their trail, sending them into a tense, panicked attempt to escape justice.
Nature Vs Humanity- The Birds (1963)
Melanie Daniels (Tippi Hedren) meets Mitch Brenner (Rod Taylor) in a San Francisco pet store and decides to follow them home. They bring with them the gift of two love birds and they strike up a romance. One day birds start attacking children at Mitch's sisters party. A huge assault starts on the town by attacking birds.
Demon Possession- The Exorcist (1973)
One of the most profitable horror movies ever made, this tale of an exorcism is based loosely on actual events. When young Regan (Linda Blair) starts acting odd — levitating, speaking in tongues — their worried mother (Ellen Burstyn) seeks medical help, only to hit a dead end. A local priest (Jason Miller), however, thinks the girl may be seized by the devil. The priest makes a request to perform an exorcism, and the church sends in an expert (Max von Sydow) to help with the difficult job.
Werewolf- Wer 2013
In France, an American female attorney (A. J. Cook) defends a murder suspect who has a brutish appearance and a deadly secret.
Torture- Saw (2004)
Photographer Adam Stanheight (Leigh Whannell) and oncologist Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) regain consciousness while chained to pipes at either end of a filthy bathroom. As the two men realize they've been trapped by a sadistic serial killer nicknamed “Jigsaw” and must complete their perverse puzzle to live, flashbacks relate the fates of their previous victims. Meanwhile, Dr. Gordon's wife (Monica Potter) and young daughter (Makenzie Vega) are forced to watch their torture via closed-circuit video.
Based On True Story- The Conjuring (2013)
In 1970, paranormal investigators and demonologists Lorraine (Vera Farmiga) and Ed (Patrick Wilson) Warren are summoned to the home of Carolyn (Lili Taylor) and Roger (Ron Livingston) Perron. The Perrons and their five daughters have recently moved into a secluded farmhouse, where a supernatural presence has made itself known. Though the manifestations are relatively benign at first, events soon escalate in horrifying fashion, especially after the Warrens discover the house's macabre history.
Family Friendly- Hocus Pocus (1993)
After moving to Salem, Mass., teenager Max Dennison (Omri Katz) explores an abandoned house with their sister Dani (Thora Birch) and their new friend, Allison (Vinessa Shaw). After dismissing a story Allison tells as superstitious, Max accidentally frees a coven of evil witches (Bette Midler, Sarah Jessica Parker, Kathy Najimy) who used to live in the house. Now, with the help of a magical cat, the kids must steal the witches' book of spells to stop them from becoming immortal.
Witch- The Lords of Salem (2012)
A radio DJ (Sheri Moon Zombie) in Salem, Mass., is plagued by nightmarish visions of vengeful witches after they play a record by a mysterious group known only as “The Lords.”
Love of a Mother- Rosemary's Baby (1968)
A young wife comes to believe that their offspring is not of this world. Waifish Rosemary Woodhouse (Mia Farrow) and their struggling actor husband Guy (John Cassavetes) move to a New York City apartment building with an ominous reputation and odd neighbors Roman and Minnie Castavet (Sidney Blackmer, Ruth Gordon). When Rosemary becomes pregnant they become increasingly isolated, and the diabolical truth is revealed only after Rosemary gives birth.
Parody- Scary Movie (2000)
Defying the very notion of good taste, Scary Movie out-parodies the pop culture parodies with a no-holds barred assault on the most popular images and talked-about moments from recent films, television and commercials. The film boldly fires barbs at the classic scenes from “Scream,” “The Sixth Sense,” “The Matrix,” “I Know What You Did Last Summer” and “The Blair Witch Project,” then goes on to mock a whole myriad of teen movie clichés, no matter the genre.
References:
Movie Synopses- IMDb
Movie Trailers- You Tube
President Donald Trump. Mark Wilson/Getty Images President Donald Trump once called National Security Adviser Mike Flynn at 3 a.m. to ask about the economic impact of a strong US dollar, according to a report from The Huffington Post.
SV Date and Christina Wilke, citing sources with knowledge of the conversation, reported that Trump asked Flynn whether the strong dollar was good or bad for the US economy during the early-morning phone call. According to the sources, Flynn said they were not sure and Trump should ask an economist instead.
The Huffington Post said neither Flynn's office nor the White House responded to its request for confirmation of the call's timing. The White House did not immediately return a request for comment from Business Insider.
Trump and their team have generally said the stronger dollar, which strengthened significantly against other major currencies after the election but has since given back some of its gains, has been a negative for the US economy.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump said the strong dollar was "killing us."
"Our companies can't compete" with Chinese companies Trump said, "because our currency is too strong."
Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said in January that while a stronger dollar was generally good for the US because it represented "faith that investors have in doing business in America," the current strength of the dollar could have "negative short-term implications on the economy."
Recently, Trump's team has attacked China and Germany for what it believes are improper tactics to devalue their currencies against the dollar.
A strong dollar is generally good for American consumers because it makes it cheaper for people to buy foreign-made products, but it can also hurt US-based producers that export their goods, which become more expensive in other countries.
The US dollar index is little changed on Wednesday, higher by 0.3% at 100.50.
e-mail reminder If this item in stock, then you will get an infomation E-Mail! Please login to reserve out-of-stock items.
Drumma keeps delivering special and serious tracks for the dancefloor with its fifth vinyl release. For this EP, Jorge Savoretti, owner of Savor Records from Argentina gives us an amazing trio of productions. The titular track of the EP, Tai Ere, is an amazing dub-techno composition that builds up and grooves continuously teasing and titillating the listener.The two Machines compositions are gritty techno tracks that get the party going. Machines 02 is a relentless hi-hat driven track that can be dropped at peak time. Machines 00 is the more relaxed of the two A-sides but no less stimulating than its counterpart. A powerful vocal sample and bassline combine perfectly to make a bomb track. Early support from:Luc Ringeisen, D Julz, Luciano, Dubfire, R.Hawtin, Barem, Franco Cinelli, Federico Molinari, Nekes, Martinez, Ray Okpara, Butch, Leon, Mulder, Alejandro Vivanco, Francisco Allendes, Julian Perez, Marc Antona, Mihai Popoviciu, Luke Solomon, Gel Abril, Willie Graff and many more....
Miami reportedly still remains interested in Tim Lincecum, who is expected to sign as a reliever, according to ESPN's Jim Bowden.
Tim Lincecum scouting report from scout in attendance: "He threw 41 pitches mostly 89/91 looked healthy profiles as middle or set - up reliever Value in the 1.5m range on 1-year deal for me"
Lincecum could prove to be a valuable addition to the Marlins' bullpen, since it is a unit that is already without Carter Capps and Mike Dunn.
Before the end of Spring Training, the Marlins were thought to be interested in Lincecum. However, at that point, the thought of signing Lincecum could have been considered in the context of giving the club starting depth.
Although Miami's starters have had success of late, the bullpen has still been taxed. A.J. Ramos has been called upon regularly, and Manager Don Mattingly has been forced to use several relievers in different roles to this point in 2016.
Adding Lincecum to the bullpen mix could prove to be beneficial for the Marlins, but they might not be open to paying them $1.5 million for a season.
Miami did watch them throw, which could factor into that decision.
Lincecum, 31, pitched to a 4.13 ERA and 4.29 FIP over 76.1 innings with San Francisco last season.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Karpeles faces charges that they embezzled funds from the failed MtGox exchange
The former head of the collapsed bitcoin exchange MtGox has been charged in Japan with embezzlement.
Mark Karpeles was arrested in August on charges that they falsified data about how many bitcoins MtGox possessed.
MtGox shut down in February 2014 after it found that more than 850,000 bitcoins worth £132m had gone missing.
At the time it closed, MtGox was the world's biggest exchange of bitcoins and handled about 70% of the transactions in the virtual currency.
Mr Karpeles also faces charges that £1.7m in bitcoins was funnelled towards companies they owned a few months before the exchange closed.
The charges were formally laid against Mr Karpeles as the six-week period that they could be held without charge in Japan was about to expire.
Lawyers acting for Mr Karpeles told the Financial Times that they had done nothing wrong during their time as head of MtGox.
MtGox was placed in administration by a Japanese court in April last year following its closure.
Bitcoin is a virtual currency built around a complicated cryptographic protocol and a global network of computers that oversees and verifies which coins have been spent by whom.
In early August, a Japanese court ruled against a man hoping to claim compensation over bitcoins they lost when MtGox went offline.
The Tokyo District Court said the currency was "not subject to ownership" and because of this it dismissed the lawsuit seeking repayment.
Linda Seger can't wait to move back into their house. Flooded out last June - along with some 20,000 of their neighbors - they have almost restored their 100-year-old house eight blocks from the Cedar River,reports.
"This was Grandpa and Grandma's house and this is the hub of our family," Seger said.
While the city had mentioned possible buyouts for homeowners, Linda's family got tired of waiting. They started building - sinking their life savings into the effort.
But then, last December, the Army Corps of Engineers announced Linda's house is in a zone for construction of a new levee to be built sometime in the future.
When exactly? No one knows. But it could mean Seger's new home is in the way and may have to go.
Living in a FEMA trailer since July - they decided to proceed anyway.
"Even if we have a crane sitting next door to us swinging across our yard," Seger said.
There are a few reconstruction projects like Seger's, but most of the 5,300 homes lost in the Cedar Rapids flood look like the one next door - decaying hulks in a depressing no man's land.
Eight months after the flood inundated 10 square miles of Cedar Rapids, rows of deserted homes attest to a maddeningly slow and numbingly complicated recovery effort.
"We're going to buy out as many of them as we can," said Cedar Rapids Mayor, Kay Halloran. "And we will do it as soon as we have money."
That's the problem. Buyout money for Cedar Rapids is stalled in the Washington bureaucracy. Strict spending rules weren't even published until January.
"The federal money comes with all kinds of rules that make it very difficult to move things forward," said Iowa State Senator, Rob Hogg. "Hardworking Iowans shouldn't be told we'll make a decision about your property in five years or eight years.
Doug Ward was one of those hard-working Iowans until the flood destroyed their business - and more.
"Our house is gone too," Ward said.
"The house and the business?" asked Reynolds.
"And our church too," explained Ward.
Like most of their neighbors, Doug is in limbo and waiting for answers.
Seger took action - because no one seemed to have any.
"Why not put back our home, enjoy it while we can," Seger said. "At least it's our home."
A spokesperson for the housing department in Washington said there is "a deep appreciation that the people of Iowa are suffering."
And, as Reynolds reports, they certainly are.
Engineers are putting hybrid drivetrains into everything from SUVs to locomotives these days, and General Electric wants to take the technology to sea in a tugboat that could burn 35 percent less fuel and emit 80 percent less pollution than anything else on the water.
The idea makes more sense than might first appear. The shipping industry generates twice as much C02 as aviation and has been criticized as slow to clean up its act. The feds are tightening emissions regulations on marine engines and California Sen. Dianne Feinstein has introduced legislation requiring vessels to burn cleaner fuels in port. So anything that makes the shipping business greener is sure to sell.
GE and the Texas maritime engineering and management firm C-MAR are starting with diesel-electric tugboats, but John Manison, GE's head of maritime stationary power division, says the technology could have "far-reaching applications for other sectors of the maritime industry."
"We believe there is strong demand for a hybrid technology to improve fuel efficiency and to help customers comply with increasingly stringent emissions regulations," they say.
GE says it could have the boat on the water within two years. But why start with tugboats?
There are about 4,000 tugboats in America, according to the American Waterways Operators, and Tom Kelly of C-Mar says they're well-suited to diesel-electric drivetrains. Tugs spend a lot of time idling on standby, then require a short burst of high power to escort freighters and tankers. Batteries would allow them to do both without burning loads of fuel or emitting lots of pollution.
GE and C-MAR are developing a series hybrid system that would use an electric motor to drive the prop and a diesel engine to drive a generator that would keep the batteries charged. It's a design similar in concept, if not scale, to the system General Motors is developing for the Chevrolet Volt.
"We are expecting significant savings in terms of increased fuel economy and a major reduction in emissions," Kelly says. "Our early estimates indicate fuel savings of up to 35 percent and a reduction in emissions of up to 80 percent." GE says "significant savings are expected," but it's too early to offer specific figures for technology still under development.
Under the partnership, GE will provide the engine, electric motor and batteries while C-MAR will design the vessel, provide the "Green Power Module" that will integrate them and manage the project. The tug will use a GE V228 or V250 diesel engine like those used in the Clear Point Point Clear (pictured) that produces more than 1,400 horsepower. There's no word on the electric motor or batteries, but earlier this year GE Financial Services invested more than $20 million in lithium-ion battery maker A123Systems.
You don't have to be tugboat skipper to go green on the water, though. Earlier this year, Austrian boat maker Frauscher Bootswerft unveiled the first diesel-electric recreational boat. The vessel uses electric power up to 5 knots, then switches to diesel power.
Photo by GE.
The most recent incident of security breaches in cryptocurrency is that of CAVIRTEX and its potential vulnerability, leading to its permanent cease of operation. Due to the ongoing security flaws and attacks targeting Bitcoin, the CryptoCurrency Security Standard (CCSS) has been published.
Bitcoin exchange markets have been targeted by cyber criminals, as it turns out by the continuous security breaches highlighted online. The most recent incident has to do with a Canadian company called CAVIRTEX (standing short for Canadian Virtual Exchange). According to their news release, they are planning to stop operating as a Bitcoin exchange option in Canada and their decision will be put into effect in a month (on 20th March, 2015). They have stopped all the deposits and they have offered a time period stretching till 25th March for the funds of CAVIRTEX users to be claimed.
Although the service will not be offered any more by CAVIRTEX, they have been aiming to reassure the people who have trusted them for cryptocurrency exchange purposes and they have been emphasizing their certainty that no actual sensitive data has been breached.
However, they do encourage all the users of CAVIRTEX to change their passwords as soon as possible. This is going to add to the overall safety and user experience of every client requesting funds and proceeding with withdrawals. Along with that, users are kindly motivated to delete the cookies from the browser that they use. An update from CAVIRTEX on the news release concerning the process of withdrawals includes the following:
“For clients looking to withdraw CAD we are experiencing delays due to the volume of withdrawals. Due to payment provider limitations, we currently cannot process direct deposits in excess of $150,000 per day. Given the current withdrawal requests we expect withdrawals to take at least 5 days longer than usual. We appreciate your patience. Bitcoin and Litecoin withdrawals will begin soon. Again, we are concerned over the safety of your funds, so we want to be extremely careful confirming that the user withdrawing is actually the owner of the account. We assure you that we want to return funds as much as you want to withdraw them.”
Of course, CAVIRTEX is not the sole company experiencing problems and suffering from security vulnerabilities. Instead, Bter has also been deprived of 7,170 BTC recently and a little earlier it was Bitstamp that stumbled due to the service's potential data compromise. All at once, New York City has been flooded with phenomena of Bitcoim crime. In avoidance of any other severe security vulnerabilities targeting cryptocurrency as a whole and facilitating thoroughly protected financial transactions on the web all over the world, some drastic actions are required – no doubt about that.
Moving toward this very direction, the CryptoCurrency Certification Consortium (C4) and BitGo have released a standard that aims to act as a safety net and strengthen the protection of Bitcoin exchange services. The CryptoCurrency Security Standard (CCSS) has standardized the methods and has outlined the processes and requirements needed to be met in the field of cryptocurrency. In the standard, there are three levels of increasing security that make sure that the environment in which such financial exchanges are pulled through poses no actual risk.
With the growing need of using a convenient type of currency that enables anonymity and freedom online, it is imperative that safety is ensured at all times. So, such actions like the establishment of a standardized procedure shielding the cryptocurrency in general should be applauded. Otherwise, Bitcoin exchange companies will continue on being vulnerable against online threats and security breaches.
The Royal Docks of London will soon be home to a cluster of sustainable buildings–one of which promises a memorable addition to the city's skyline with a curved aluminum facade faced in solar panels.
Archdaily reports that the 24-story Silvertree Residential EcoTower, designed by Studio RHE, has been granted planning approval and is scheduled to begin construction this summer. This green mixed-use development will be home to 161 2-3 bedroom apartments, as well as retail/office space and a cafe.
The photovoltaic panels mounted to the building's facade will provide both electricity and heat for the building. Thermal insulation, a ground source geothermal heating and cooling system, as well as a biomass broiler will round out the renewable energy picture, contributing to the building's minimal carbon footprint.
Residents will be able to enjoy the view of London's docks from the Silvertree's large roof terraces and communal gardens.
The UAE cabinet applied a draft law on Sunday to make it compulsory for men aged between 18 and 30 to serve in the military.
Speaking at the cabinet meeting, UAE prime minister and ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, said the policy aims to "strengthen the sense of belonging to the nation among young people and plant in them discipline and sacrifice."
In a statement published in their official Twitter account Shiek Mohammed said: "Protecting the nation and preserving its independence and sovereignty is a sacred national duty and the new law will be implemented on all."
"Our gains are a red line that must be protected."
Under the bill, which still needs to be approved by the largely advisory Federal National Council, Emirati men who have finished secondary school will have to serve for nine months. Those without a secondary school diploma will be obliged to serve for two years.
The service will continue to be voluntary for women.
It was not immediately clear when the system would start being implemented.
Observers say the move, at least in part, is designed to boost the number of Emirati national in the federation's armed forces. The military and police force rely heavily on foreigners who make up around 90 percent of the UAE's population.
It is also considered possible that the UAE is seeking to bolster its forces to deter potential threats from nearby Iran despite longstanding trade and cultural links between the two. The UAE may also be wary of nearby tensions in Syria, Iraq, and Israel and the Palestinian territories.
The move follows similar action taken by Qatar which approved a draft law mandating men in the Gulf state to do military service in November.
Kuwait is also debating the introduction of compulsory military service.
ccp/hc (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
launched from the heart of darkness.
“The brown current ran swiftly out of the heart of darkness,
bearing us down towards the sea with twice the speed of our upward progress . . . .
The Heart of Darkness,
Joseph Conrad
The damage we avoided through the agency of the re-election of President Barack Obama cannot be overestimated. Mitt Romney's America, if it had been permitted, is one we would barely recognize. If armed with the power of the Presidency, they and Paul Ryan, their horde of surrogates, advisers, puppet masters, Wall Street thieves, and moneyed enablers had barely concealed their plans during the campaign to subvert, injure, and dominate. If they had succeeded, the America of 2016 would likely have found us with less freedom, less economic mobility, and diminished dreams. Inevitably, too, other needless and immoral wars, fought for the interests of a cabal of Neo-Cheney Neoconservatives, would have taken thousands of lives in Iran, in Syria, in . . .? Where not? Why not? We've seen this before.
Yes, we dodged a bullet tonight. History will speculate: what happened to us, that this group of selfish, crass, heartless, and criminally acquisitive Republicans could have ever become so powerful with so diseased a public philosophy. An the, so near to capturing the Presidency? What happened to us?
The answer still lay in the future. We need to seek that answer, though, and then, to find ways short of open civil war, to address it. If not, the next bullet fired at the heart of our nation from its own insular heart of darkness may hit its mark. Let's roll up our sleeves.
Please follow and like us:
Naperville Ribfest Announces Rock and Roll legends to headline Sunday music – George Thorogood and The Destroyers, Blue Öyster Cult, and Foghat to Navistar Main Stage July 6
Naperville Ribfest announces three legendary Rock and Roll Bands for Sunday's Navistar Main Stage. George Thorogood and the Destroyers brings their “40 Years Strong Tour” to Naperville. They will be joined by legendary rock groups Blue Oyster Cult and Foghat for an evening of Rock and Roll on Sunday, July 6.
“This is a unique opportunity to see three great rock & roll bands that will provide 5 hours of continuous music. Just how we wanted to end Ribfest,” said Ribfest Marketing and PR chair Don Emery.
Their 1977 debut album George Thorogood & The Destroyers certified Gold. Audiences felt the band embodied powerhouse rock with bar band roots, unchained attitude and a fierce love of its country and blues history. Over the course of sixteen studio albums (including six Gold and two Platinum), they stormed the charts by putting their own stamp on songs by Hank Williams, Bo Diddley, Chuck Berry, John Lee Hooker, Elmore James and more, while simultaneously bashing out smash GT originals that crackle with humor and swagger.
Over 8,000 live shows and 15 million albums sold worldwide, George Thorogood is still making explosive music, thrilling audiences and still the baddest-to-the-bone performer in rock. Their catalog of iconic hits include “Who Do You Love,” “I Drink Alone,” “One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer,” “Move It On Over,” “Bad To The Bone” and “That's 40 years strong.”
For over four decades, Blue Öyster Cult has been thrilling fans of intelligent hard rock worldwide with powerful albums loaded with classic songs. The band is often cited as a major influence by other acts such as Metallica. Recently, BÖC was listed in VH1's countdown of the greatest hard rock bands of all time.
With the release of BÖC's self-titled debut album in 1972, the band was praised for its catchy-yet-heavy music and lyrics that could be provocative, terrifying, funny or ambiguous, all in the same song. BÖC's canon of three stone-cold classic songs that will last forever include the truly haunting “(Don't Fear) The Reaper” from 1976's Agents of Fortune, the pummeling “Godzilla” from 1977's Spectres and the hypnotically melodic “Burnin' for You” from1981's Fire of Unknown Origin. Other notable BÖC songs include “Cities on Flame with Rock and Roll,” “Then Came the Last Days of May,” “I Love the Night,” “In Thee,””Veteran of the Psychic Wars,” “Dominance and Submission,” “Astronomy,” “Black Blade” and “Shooting Shark.”
In 1971, Ribfest's third band “Foghat” was formed and the rest is Rock and Roll history. Foghat's work has been rewarded with seven Gold records, one Platinum record “Fool For The City” (1975), and one Double-Platinum record “Foghat Live” (1977), with chart hits that include “Slow Ride,” “Fool For The City,” “Drivin' Wheel,” “I Just Wanna Make Love To You,” “I'll Be Standing By,” “Stone Blue,” “Third Time Lucky” and “Somebody's Been Sleeping In My Bed.”
The band has more recently released “Family Joules,” “The Official Bootleg DVD, Volume 1,” “FOGHAT LIVE II,” “Live at the Blues Warehouse,” and “LAST TRAIN HOME.” Foghat has never stopped touring and recording.
The 2010 version of Foghat is comprised of Roger Earl, Craig MacGregor, Charlie Huhn, and Bryan Bassett has been together for 10 years. They continue to tour relentlessly, epitomizing the classic blues-rock slide guitar sound that Foghat is all about.
“These three bands, on the same stage on Sunday July 6, is an event that can't be missed.” according to Matt Kaley from the Ribfest Entertainment committee. “We are looking forward to it and so should you.”
Did You Know? The 27th Naperville Ribfest will be held July 3 – 6, 2014, in Knoch Park in central Naperville. Ribfest consists of family activities, award-winning rib vendors from across the country, carnival rides, and crowd-pleasing musical entertainment. Ribfest is run by the 140+ members of the Exchange Club in cooperation with its partners including the City of Naperville and the Naperville Park District. More than 4,000 volunteers and hundreds of sponsors support the event with 100 percent of the proceeds from Ribfest going to support the elimination of child abuse and domestic violence.
For more info visit, www.ribfest.net or www.exchangeclub.org.
Painting roads in the Citybound prototype. Images courtesy of the Citybound blog.
Building a better SimCity
The fact thatcreator Anselm Eickhoff found the latestunderwhelming isn�t terribly surprising; what�s surprising is how they dealt with the disappointment."I began to research traffic simulation, read dozens of papers, familiarized myself with procedural city generation techniques, building on my existing knowledge and interest for procedural generation," Eickhoff tells Gamasutra via email. "I discovered that cities don't fascinate me just in games, but in general.�Anselm Eickhoff, a 21-year-old self-taught programmer, studies computer science at TU Munich and works as a front- and back-end web developer for a Bavarian public broadcast organization. They also make games.�I was fascinated by games since I was a small child, especially by simulation games," says Eickhoff. "My parents sat me in front of things like, andat a very young age -- 4 and up."Like many developers, Eickhoff�s taste in games broadened as they grew older and they began to teach themselves basic programming in order to make their own simple games. Eventually they started experimenting with basic 3D modeling, texture art and more while working on mods for the original, where they got comfortable promoting their work, documenting game design changes and soliciting feedback from a community.A few years later, Eickhoff had read a few books -- most notably Jesse Schell�s "The Art of Game Design" and "Rules of Play: Game Design Fundamentals" by Eric Zimmerman and Katie Salen -- and made a few web games, including the real-time multiplayer. Afterleft them cold, they started thinking about how they could make the game they wanted to play -- a city-building game that could simulate large tracts of land, be played offline by a single player, and accept user-made modifications.The result is, which Eickhoff is designing as a standalone browser game that runs in a special version of Chrome on PC, Mac and Linux. While Eickhoff admits that they are concerned about how working in JavaScript might harm the game�s performance, they say the trade-off is worth making to work on a platform he�s accustomed to.�I always felt that I was much more fluid when I used high-level, dynamic languages like JavaScript, and I wanted to play with WebGL for a while,� said Eickhoff. �Then I discovered node-webkit, which is a standalone version of Google Chrome with access to native OS features, offering me a consistent platform to develop against, in my favorite language and programming environment.�After developing a rudimentary prototype that could simulate basic traffic patterns on user-generated roads and procedurally generate buildings to fill city blocks, Eickhoff publicly announced the project late last month and shared the announcement on the SimCity subreddit . Shortly thereafter, the Reddit comment thread blew up."The next two days now seem like a single, rushed, very intense experience to me," says Eickhoff. "I spent almost all of my waking time just answering the comments, questions and concerns of hundreds of redditors."Eickhoff also netted a tidy sum from donations to the project, and received numerous requests from other indie developers to collaborate on. In the wake of this positive response, Eickhoff says he's decided to pare down their lifestyle to focus on building the game. "I will still work part-time, but only to afford rent and some noodles," they wrote in a blog post earlier this week.What's interesting is how Eickhoff isn't capitalizing on the public support forto their prototype to Kickstarter and raise more money. Instead, they plan to focus on developing the game and selling access to alpha and beta versions down the line."I will go the route of paid alpha and beta versions that I've seen work very well for games like," said Eickhoff. "It is just much more deeply rooted in my pre-existing philosophy and software development practices."He plans to have that early alpha version ofavailable for play in the next 1-3 months, and will be chronicling their one-man development efforts on the game's blog "I'm immensely happy," said Eickhoff. "And a little underslept and ill."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bill Daley: "Until we get through these difficulties, we will hold back some of the money"- Clip courtesy ABC
The US says it is withholding some $800m in military aid to Pakistan.
White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley told ABC television that Pakistan had "taken some steps that have given us reason to pause on some of the aid".
They said the US raid that killed Osama Bin Laden in May had affected ties but they insisted the relationship "must be made to work over time".
The $800m (£500m) equates to about a third of the annual US security aid to Pakistan, US officials say.
In figures submitted to the International Monetary Fund last autumn, Pakistan's defence expenditure in its 2010-2011 budget was put at $6.41bn - an increase of $1.27bn on the previous year.
'Difficulties'
Analysis Recent polls show that 69% of Pakistanis see the US as more of an enemy than a partner. American taxpayers are increasingly asking: Why give aid to Pakistanis if they don't want it? So this move is partly driven by pressure in Congress to cut spending to deal with mounting debt. It's also technical - no point sending some equipment if American trainers are not in Pakistan to use it. Big military deliveries won't be affected so the impact is limited. Still, this is a strong message by the Obama administration - the first time it withholds aid from Pakistan on purpose to express displeasure with its actions. It's an attempt to force the Pakistani army to choose between its relationship with America and its ties with militant groups. It may work, it could also backfire, which is why Washington remains careful not to push too hard.
Speaking on ABC's This Week programme, Mr Daley accepted that Pakistan had been "an important ally in the fight on terrorism. They've been the victim of enormous amounts of terrorism".
They added: "It's a complicated relationship in a very difficult, complicated part of the world. Obviously, there's still lot of pain that the political system in Pakistan is feeling by virtue of the raid that we did to get Osama Bin Laden, something that the president felt strongly about and we have no regrets over.
"Until we get through these difficulties, we will hold back some of the money that the American taxpayers have committed to give them."
The New York Times earlier quoted senior US officials as saying the suspension of military aid amounted to about one-third of the yearly US security assistance to Pakistan.
The paper said the move was to show US anger at the expulsion of US military trainers and to pressure Pakistan to step up its fight against militants.
The Times said some of the suspended aid had been earmarked as compensation for Pakistan's redeployment of troops to Afghan border areas to fight militants. Other cuts were in military equipment.
The defence department said in a statement: "The reduced presence of our trainers and other personnel means we can't deliver the assistance that requires training and support to be effective."
The BBC's Rajesh Mirchandani in Washington says this is clearly a strengthening of the US approach to Pakistan - more of the stick than the carrot - but there must be concern that taking away the money will stop the Pakistanis co-operating at all.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Meleeha Lodhi: "When 9/11 happened, the US suddenly needed Pakistan and had to remove sanctions"
Washington still regards Pakistan as vital in the fight against al-Qaeda and Taliban militants who use safe havens in Pakistan's tribal regions on the Afghan border.
But with Bin Laden known to have been living undetected almost next door to a major Pakistani military academy in Abbottabad, many in the US Congress have questioned the value of the US aid.
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Islamabad says Pakistan military sources have said they have heard nothing official of the aid suspension but that they have in any case been encouraging the US to divert funds from military to civilian programmes.
This may be an attempt to save face, our correspondent says, as the US move will undoubtedly hurt the Pakistani military.
Pakistan's former ambassador to the US, Meleeha Lodhi, told the BBC the US move would be counterproductive.
US-Pakistan Downturn 2 May: US announces Bin Laden's death and says Pakistan not warned of raid
US announces Bin Laden's death and says Pakistan not warned of raid 14 May: Pakistan MPs demand review of US ties
Pakistan MPs demand review of US ties 26 May: US announces withdrawal of some US troops at Pakistan's request
US announces withdrawal of some US troops at Pakistan's request 27 May: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visits to try to soothe relations
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visits to try to soothe relations 2 June: Top US military chief Adm Mike Mullen admits "significant" cut in US troops in Pakistan
Top US military chief Adm Mike Mullen admits "significant" cut in US troops in Pakistan 10 June: CIA head Leon Panetta visits Pakistan. US admits "slow progress" in healing ties
CIA head Leon Panetta visits Pakistan. US admits "slow progress" in healing ties 8 July: Adm Mullen says Pakistan sanctioned killing of a journalist. Pakistan angrily rejects this
Adm Mullen says Pakistan sanctioned killing of a journalist. Pakistan angrily rejects this 10 July: US suspends $800m of military aid
They said: "Washington is going to be left without any influence with the Pakistan army and with the people of Pakistan because this will be seen as an action that will punish Pakistan rather than provide an incentive for cooperation.
"This is not the way to rebuild a relationship that has been in a state of disrepair for several months."
In a sign of how difficult Pakistan-US relations have become, the top US military officer Adm Mike Mullen last week suggested the Pakistani government had "sanctioned" the killing in May of journalist Saleem Shahzad.
Mr Shahzad was kidnapped near their home in Islamabad. Their body was found two days later in Punjab province.
Pakistan Information Minister Firdous Ashiq Awan said Adm Mullen's statement was "extremely irresponsible and regrettable".
They said it would cause difficulties in relations between the sides and prove a setback to the war against terror.
The increasing US drone attack on militants inside Pakistan along the Afghan border is also a continuing source of antagonism.
British military trainers were also withdrawn at the request of the Pakistani government last month.
James Comey has been fired as Director of the FBI.
The White House released a statement in which they said that the termination came on the “clear recommendations” of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
“The FBI is one of our nation's most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement,” said President Donald Trump in the statement.
The termination comes shortly after the FBI sent a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee in which the Bureau clarified the now former director's testimony as it pertained to Huma Abedin forwarding emails to Anthony Weiner.
WH statement on Comey firing: pic.twitter.com/W1MffToCvj — Pamela Engel (@PamEngel12) May 9, 2017
Second paragraph for the history books. pic.twitter.com/lfepDGt6vY — southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) May 9, 2017
This story is currently breaking and will be updated as new details become available.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
[Update] Vulnerabilities in NETGEAR WNR2000 routers allow an attacker to retrieve the administrator password and take full control of the affected networking device, a security researcher has discovered.
The vulnerabilities are exploitable over a local area network (LAN) by default, but security researcher Pedro Ribeiro explains that, if remote administration is enabled, they could be exploited remotely over the Internry as well. According to Ribeiro, around 10,000 vulnerable devices have been already identified, but these are only those with the remote admin enabled, meaning that tens of thousands of other routers could also be affected.
The security flaws were found in WNR2000v5, which doesn't have remote administration enabled by default on the latest firmware, meaning that remote attacks would only be possible if a user had manually enabled remote admin access. Versions 3 and 4 of the router are believed to be vulnerable as well, although the researcher hasn't tested them.
The issue is that NETGEAR WNR2000 allows an admin to perform various functions through an apparent CGI script named apply.cgi, which is actually a function invoked in the HTTP server (uhttpd) when the respective string is received in the URL. By reversing the uhttpd, the researcher discovered that it allows an unauthenticated user to perform the same sensitive admin functions by invoking apply_noauth.cgi.
Thus, an unauthenticated attacker can exploit some of the available functions immediately, such as rebooting the router. For access to other functions, such as changing Internet, WLAN settings or retrieving the administrative password, the attacker has to send a “timestamp” variable attached to the URL.
“This timestamp is generated every time the target page is accessed and functions as a sort of anti-CSRF token. The timestamp generating function was reverse engineered and due to incorrect use of random number generation (details below) it is possible to identify the token in less than 1000 attempts with no other previous knowledge,” Ribeiro explains.
By exploiting this and an information leakage vulnerability in the router, the attacker can recover the administrator password and then use it to enable telnet functionality in the router and obtain a root shell, provided that the attacker is in the LAN.
Additionally, the security researcher found a stack buffer overflow which could allow an unauthenticated attacker to take full control over the device and execute code remotely. For that, however, the attacker would have to also leverage the apply_noauth.cgi vulnerability and the timestamp identifying attack. The code could be executed both in the LAN and in the WAN.
According to Ribeiro, because NETGEAR didn't respond to their emails, they decided to publish not only an advisory on the discovered issues, but also the exploit code that leverages said vulnerabilities, thus turning them into 0-days. No CVE has been assigned to the issues either.
Contacted by SecurityWeek, NETGEAR confirmed the password recovery and command execution issues in its WNR2000 routers and said a firmware update to patch the vulnerability will be released as quickly as possible.
“NETGEAR is aware of the reported security vulnerability related to WNR2000 router as stated by Pedro Ribeiro, including password recovery and command execution. This vulnerability occurs when an attacker can access the internal network or when Remote Management is enabled on the router,” the company said in an email.
“NETGEAR plans to release firmware updates that fix the remote access and command execution vulnerability for all affected products as quickly as possible,” the company said.
In the meantime, affected users can use a workaround, which involves turning off Remote Management. For that, they should access http://www.routerlogin.net from a computer that is part of the home network, should login with their admin credentials, then access Advanced > Remote Management, clear the check box for Turn Remote Management On, then click Apply to save the changes.
Earlier this month, NETGEAR R7000, R6400, and R8000 routers, and possibly other models, were revealed to be affected by a critical security vulnerability that could be remotely exploited to hijack the devices. By getting a user to visit a specially crafted web page, an attacker could execute arbitrary commands with root privileges on affected routers. The company detailed patching plans immediately after the flaw made it to the headlines.
Related: Netgear Routers Plagued by Serious Vulnerabilities
*Updated with response from NETGEAR
By CECELIA VEGA and KEVIN DOLAK
An angry California mother is alleging abuse now that their 18-year-old daughter is living with their former high school teacher, who left their wife and children to move into an apartment with the young woman.
James Hooker, 41, quit their job after going public with their love for Jordan Powers, who stopped attending classes at their Modesto high school and left home to be with their former business teacher.
The girl's mother is skeptical of the couple's claims that nothing sexual happened between them, and exactly when the relationship became physical has become the center of a police investigation.
"She looked up to him," mom Tammie Powers said. "[He was in the] position of an educator, [and you] don't seduce your student. Period. She's still in high school. They still live at home. They have a curfew. … That's not OK."
The couple maintains that their feelings for each other blossomed slowly by spending time together during and after school, and then via phone calls and text messages. The two first met when Jordan was a high school first-year student at James Enochs High School, but they say they only developed romantic feelings after they turned 18 in September.
"[He's] my best friend. I mean, he's more than just a lover," Jordan Powers said of Hooker, who has a daughter a year younger than them and attended the same high school.
Hooker said that while Jordan Powers was a student in their business class, they didn't think twice about them "She was just a student," they said. "There was no attraction. There was nothing that was out of the ordinary, as opposed to any other student. We were very much a teacher-student role."
Tammie Powers is unconvinced. As soon as they discovered a long log of text message exchanges, they went straight to the police. They waged their own war on Facebook, posting a letter that went viral telling everyone that classmates took photos of their daughter sitting on Hooker's lap when they were still their student.
They say that they also discovered 8,000 text messages between the two, along with late-night phone calls and email exchanges that took place when they were still a minor.
"That's pursuit, in my opinion, with some type of intent," they told ABC News 10 in California.
But none of the late-night calls or endless texts were a red flag of inappropriateness to him, and says that people looking for proof of an unacceptable relationship before Jordan was 18 are just inquisitive about their connection, Hooker said.
"I think that they're just digging for something that wasn't there. I mean, of course, they're going to be curious," Jordan added. "But I know for a fact that there was nothing."
Although Jordan has stopped attending classes, they are now doing independent study through the school and plans to walk at their graduation.
Hooker confirmed that they are under investigation by the Modesto Police Department, but is confident they will be completely cleared of any allegations of inappropriate behavior. They said that they understand that people don't understand their relationship.
"I think the stigma of the teacher-student relationship just makes it messy, makes it really hard for people to get through to the point that we really do like each other, they said. "We really do want to have a future together."
The following article first appeared on July 25, 2009 for my The Humor of It…Through a Different Lens column for Shades of the Departed. footnoteMaven has graciously allowed me to reprint my Humor of It articles here on What's Past is Prologue. I'm currently on hiatus writing this column for Shades, but I encourage you to visit the latest edition of the digital magazine (The Mourning Issue) for some excellent writing and photography!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Other than hearing the songs I listened to in high school on the “oldies” station, the one thing that truly makes me feel old is not being understood by children. It happened one day while out on a drive with my nieces. We passed a tiny shack on the side of the road that sold water ice, and they found it hysterical because it was so small.
“It looks like a Fotomat!” I exclaimed.
No recognition appeared on their faces. “A what?” asked the 13-year-old.
“You know, the little Fotomat huts…” But then I realized – no, they don't know. By the time they were born, Fotomats were already a thing of the past – as extinct in the photographic world as daguerreotypes and box cameras. It was time for a history lesson.
“The Fotomat was a little shack, usually in a parking lot of a shopping center, and you would drive up to the window and drop off your film to get developed.” I explained this with the sincerity of a lesson on Ancient Rome or the Civil War.
Kodak Fotomat – 1960s courtesy of Roadside Pictures http://www.flickr.com/photos/roadsidepictures/59812776/
“Film? Like a movie?” they asked. “What do you mean by ‘get developed'?”
This was going to be harder than I thought. “Ah, it was in your camera – like a memory card. Getting prints made was called getting it developed.”
Suddenly I was nostalgic for that little blue building with the yellow roof that sat in the middle of the parking lot of the supermarket. What I remember most about the Fotomat experience is the one thing lacking in today's digital world – the anticipation. One of the best things about digital cameras for me is the ability to instantly see your shot on an LCD screen. Instant gratification! As great as this is, and as useful in photography, sometimes the things worth waiting for were better. Well, maybe not better – but different. And there's something to be said for that anticipation!
I began taking photographs with my own camera at the age of 11, and since you couldn't see them as you took them (unless you had a Polaroid, of course), it was always interesting to see how your photos “turned out”. Or in some cases, what was on that roll of film. In your family, did you ever find a roll of film in a drawer that appeared to be used, but no one ever knew what it was from? Well, all you had to do was drive up to the window at the Fotomat, drop it off, and wait a day. You'd get to see your pictures when you picked them up!
I was fascinated by these little huts. Did they actually develop the film in there? How? If you worked there, what did you do when there were no cars in line? And how do you fit a bathroom in there?
The first Fotomat drive-thru kiosk opened in the late 1960s in Point Loma, California. By 1980, there were 4,000 sites throughout the country. Customers could receive their prints in one day, but when the first film developers began to offer prints in one hour, Fotomat was doomed. It's ironic, because today I would have assumed that the thing that killed it – 1-hour developing – would have made it viable. After all, in the 21st century people like to spend more time in their car than at home. They can buy and eat breakfast, visit the bank, pick up prescriptions, get lunch, buy some groceries, get the car washed, drop off their dry cleaning, and pick up dinner without ever leaving the car. So why wouldn't Fotomats work today? Drop off your memory card and pick up your prints in an hour! I think it would work, but the shacks were too small – especially for film developing, which was a more complex process than printing digital photos today.
By the mid-1980's, the familiar huts were gone. The one I used to use was torn down long ago, but in some cases the huts were recycled into other uses from selling snow cones to cigarettes. The most creative re-use I've found so far is as a chapel! Imagine that – a prayer shack!
After we stopped at the former Fotomat for water ice, my nieces learned all about what photography was like when I was growing up. I was proud at having done my duty passing down my memories of bygone things. The 13-year-old was going to tell their friends about the weird customs of their parents. “Okay,” they said, hoping I'd stop talking about the past. “I get it!”
The 4-year-old suddenly joined in the conversation. Nodding their head, they looked at me and asked matter-of-factly, “But why didn't you just print the pictures at home?”
That would be a lesson for another day – let's go take some photos instead!
Advertisements
Once the fact was out, the internet giant tried to get a judge to help them hide it again.
The Google app icon. (Photo11: Jefferson Graham, USAT)
Back in February, in a San Jose courtroom, a bombshell was dropped that could have been erased from the public record.
It turns out that Google, which bases its business on collecting and analyzing huge reams of data for advertising purposes, has been scanning users' emails even before users have a chance to open or read them, including email messages that are deleted without being opened. Google knows what's in your email before you do.
The revelation came in a now-settled legal dispute over Google's Gmail service. Dozens of the nation's largest newspapers and media companies fought to make sure that the case — and its wide-ranging implications for Internet users — received a full public airing. It has been an unfolding drama ever since, affecting what analysts estimate are 500 million Gmail users worldwide.
Google tried, and failed, to redact information about its email scanning process from a transcript of a public court hearing. Last month, the judge in the case ruled that portions of the transcript from that February hearing could not be redacted retroactively, since that would be tantamount to closing a public courtroom.
The company's attempt — akin to putting toothpaste back into a tube — was a reversal of its previous position in the lawsuit, a pledge that there would be a "fully public airing of the issues raised by plaintiffs' motion for class certification." The NSA recently used the very same tactic when it tried to secretly delete portions of a public court transcript in a lawsuit filed against its surveillance practices.
As a result, we now know much more about how Google collects personal information from users of Gmail and Google Apps and, in this case, how it plugged a critical gap in its data mining operation to sweep up even more of your information.
Here's what happened:
Back in 2010, Google was facing a vexing problem. It was losing out on a treasure trove of personal information from millions of Gmail users who were slipping through its chief analytical tool, known as "Content OneBox." Anytime they accessed their email through Outlook or on their iPhone, Google's data machine wasn't there to capture it all. So it needed a way to sidestep the problem.
Within a matter of months, the company shrewdly moved the Content OneBox from Gmail's storage area to the "delivery pipeline" — meaning that it could now scan messages before they were received. As the plaintiffs explained:
"Google made a choice. They said, you know what, when people are accessing emails by an iPhone, we are not able to get their information. When people aren't opening their emails or they are deleting them, we are not able to get their information. When people are using Google Apps accounts where ads are disabled, we are not able to get that information. When people are accessing Gmail through some other email provider, we are not able to get that information. So what they did is they took a device that was in existence already and operating just fine back in the storage area, and they moved it to the delivery pipeline."
This move has sweeping consequences, as Chris Hoofnagle, director of privacy programs at Berkeley's Center for Law & Technology, has described:
"Hiding ads while analyzing data takes advantage of a key deficit users have around internet services: users only perceive profiling if they receive ads. The content one box infrastructure would allow Google to understand the meaning of all of our communications: the identities of the people with whom we collaborate, the compounds of drugs we are testing, the next big thing we are inventing, etc. Imagine the creative product of all of Berkeley combined, scanned by a single company's 'free' email system."
Google's stated goal is to "organize the world's information," but they fought to avoid disclosing how and why they've done it. Now we know.
Thomas R. Burke and Jonathan Segal of Davis Wright Tremaine represented media companies, including the corporate parent of USA Today, Gannett Co. Inc, in the Google Gmail litigation.
In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the opinion front page or follow us on Twitter @USATopinion or Facebook.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rNVB3O
Study: Increasing Wages at Wal-Mart Would Barely Affect Shoppers
A worker collects shopping carts outside a Wal-Mart store in Mount Prospect, Ill. (Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images)
Wal-Mart is the largest private-sector employer in the United States. It employs more than 1.4 million workers here, but pays them an estimated 12 percent less than average retail workers in the country. Many argue that, while unfortunate, such low wages help poor families by allowing them to purchase goods cheaply.
That argument was most famously articulated by the current National Economic Council Deputy Director, Diana Farrell, who before they joined the White House published a paper in 2005 titled “Wal-Mart A Progressive Success Story.” It argued that Wal-Mart could not raise wages without raising prices, which would hurt poor and low income communities.
However, a study released on Monday by University of California, Berkeley's Center for Labor Research and Education found that increasing wages to $12 per hour would cost Wal-Mart $3.2 billion if applied to all workers across the United States. That amounts to about 1 percent of the company's annual sales of $305 billion. Even if Wal-Mart were to pass on the total cost of the wage increase to consumers, researchers estimate that shoppers would pay about $12.50 more per year – or 46 cents per shopping trip – to cover the cost of the pay raise for Wal-Mart workers.
UC Berkley researcher Ken Jacobs doubts that all the costs of a wage increase would be passed on to consumers in the form of increased prices, because increasing prices would lower the amount of goods Wal-Mart would sell.
“Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in this country and it's dragging down wage job standards for retail and grocery workers. It can clearly afford to pay workers a well wage,” says Jennifer Stapleton, assistant director of Making Change at Wal-Mart, which is run by the United Food and Commercial Workers union.
“Even if the company passes on that cost to customers, it would be the same cost as a pack of gum. Consumers would be open to that, instead of feeling guilty for shopping at Wal-Mart.”
Indeed, such a wage increase could really help workers. A $12 an hour wage would mean average annual pay increases of $3,250 to $6,500 for workers making less than $9 an hour, and $1,675 to $2,930 for workers making between $9 and $12 an hour. 41 percent of the pay increase would go to workers in families with total incomes of 200 percent of the poverty line—less than $21,660 a year for a single worker and $44,100 a year for a family of four.
And the cost for the wage increase would not come out of the pocket of poor workers, but 72 percent of the costs of this substantial benefit would be borne by people making above 200 percent of the poverty line.
Despite statistical evidence saying that raising labor prices has very little effect on consumer prices, advocates of low wages claim wages must be keep low to keep consumers good cheap. We hear this same argument applied to free trade: Goods are cheaper from China and other low-wage countries because these countries pay workers a lower wage.
“Even for most manufacturing, the labor cost is a very small percentage in all but some of the most rudimentary manufacturing, like textiles. For things like steel high tech or most manufacturing that is heavily capital intensive the labor impact is minimal,” says Scott Paul, executive director of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, an alliance of businesses and organized labor. “Labor costs in China amount to less than 10% of overall cost, labor cost differential washed away by productivity in the United States.”
Paul points to other countries where workers make higher wages than Americans but have no trade deficit with the U.S. “Average factory compensation for a worker in the United is $32 dollars an hour. In Germany, the average factory worker makes $48 dollars an hour. Despite this, the United State has a $275 billion trade deficit, while Germany has balanced trade with China. How is it that when our labor costs are $16 an hour cheaper than Germany?“ asks Paul. “It has everything to do with our trade policies, infrastructure policies, tax policies and investment in skills, and very little if anything to do with the cost of labor.”
The new attacks on public-sector workers' salaries and benefits in Wisconsin and other states have triggered a debate about whether labor costs place too much of a burden on taxpayers. Hopefully this debate over paying workers good wages won't spill into tired old debates about free trade.
Sponsored tweets showing up in your timeline is now an unfortunate but expected part of using Twitter. However, another of the company's sponsored ad units is leaving some high-profile Twitter users unhappy. As reported by Marketing Land, a sponsored MasterCard account started showing up in the "following" list of William Shatner, Dwayne Johnson, Barack Obama, Lady Gaga, and even Visa. This essentially made it look like these users were following MasterCard — something that left Shatner rather peeved. "Do you understand that by implying that I follow these companies that it appears to be an endorsement?" read one Shatner tweet directed at Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey and the company's "trust and safety" account.
.@jack @safety Do you understand that by implying that I follow these companies that it appears to be an endorsement? — William Shatner (@WilliamShatner) December 30, 2014
Shatner also noted that blocking the offending accounts would remove them from a user's "following" list, and indeed it seems that Shatner has cleaned up their list accordingly, as have the other people who've seen this happen. It's also entirely possible that MasterCard pulled its promotion after the backlash started making its way around the internet (or the promotion simply ended). I actually noticed the MasterCard account in my following list this morning, but it has since disappeared.
"I am going to reevaluate the time I spend on Twitter going forward."
However, it's worth noting that promoted accounts in a follower list on Twitter isn't a new feature or ad promotion the company is testing — we've learned that Twitter has been offering this since early 2013. This just might be the most high-profile example of someone noticing and using their reach to point it out to other Twitter users. Either way, it appears that random accounts showing up in your followers list isn't something a lot of Twitter users have seen before or are very comfortable with — and as more and more internet companies turn to "native" advertising, they're facing questions about ads like this that can appear deceptive. These ads really do make it appear like Shatner and The Rock were following MasterCard, and a small "promoted" label doesn't really explain to users what exactly is happening. As for Shatner, they say the incident is going to cause them to "reevaluate" how much they use Twitter going forward.
Roman Reigns spoke to IGN.com this week to hype Sunday's Royal Rumble match.
After a breakout performance at last year that saw Reigns eliminate a record 12 competitors, the former Shield member looks to make history once again and earn their first WrestleMania main event. They said:
“I don't think anyone thought I was going to do what I did last year when I had 12 eliminations and took the record off of Kane, and then be among the final two guys in the ring. Everybody was thinking about Bryan last year because they never came out, and they were thinking about Batista too, and not really thinking about me.”
With Reigns and Daniel Bryan the two odds-on favorites to be the last man standing, IGN asked reigns what they think about Bryan's involvement. Based on their comments, it doesn't appear that Reigns views Bryan as much of a threat.
“It doesn't change anything for me. He's considerably smaller than I am and this match isn't about submissions or pinfalls, it's about throwing a guy over the top rope. So I clearly have a weight advantage. I'm far more explosive. I think, if anything, I have the upper hand in a Royal Rumble match.”
Head on over to IGN.com to read the full interview.
What are Dapps you might ask? Imagine having your car working away, transporting passengers while you're at work. Imagine having your computer utilizing its spare capacity to serve businesses and people across the globe. Imagine being paid for browsing the web and taking ownership of your, arguably invaluable, attention. Imagine a world like that. That world is not far away.
A paradigm shift in the way we view software models is approaching. When Bitcoin, the first cryptocurrency, made us reassess our definition of Store of Value (SoV), it also revealed a sneak peek of the future: a world running on decentralized applications (Dapps). These distributed, resilient, transparent and incentivized applications will prove themselves to the world by remapping the technological landscape.
Want to learn about Dapps in greater detail? Check out our dedicated blockchain courses on Dapps and Ethereum.
Understanding Blockchain
Before we can even fathom what Dapps do, we need to be familiar with its underlying technology—the blockchain. Put simply, a blockchain is a ledger of records organized in ‘blocks' that are linked together by cryptographic validation. It is a digital storage of consensus truth. The key is to understand that this ledger is neither stored in a centralized location nor managed by any single entity, hence its distributed-ness. The block validation system results in new transactions being added irreversibly and old transactions preserved forever for all to see, hence its transparency and resilience. Open-source software that leverage on the blockchain technology are called Dapps.
The Birth of Decentralized Applications
As the concept is still in its infancy, there might not be one definition of what a Dapp is. However, there are noticeable common features of Dapps:
Open Source. Ideally, it should be governed by autonomy and all changes must be decided by the consensus, or a majority, of its users. Its code base should be available for scrutiny.
Decentralized. All records of the application's operation must be stored on a public and decentralized blockchain to avoid pitfalls of centralization.
Incentivized. Validators of the blockchain should be incentivized by rewarding them accordingly with cryptographic tokens.
Protocol. The application community must agree on a cryptographic algorithm to show proof of value. For example, Bitcoin uses Proof of Work (PoW) and Ethereum is currently using PoW with plans for a hybrid PoW/Proof of Stake (PoS) in the future.
If we adhere to the above definition, the first Dapp was in fact Bitcoin itself. Bitcoin is an implemented blockchain solution that arose from problems revolving around centralization and censorship. One can say Bitcoin is a self-sustaining public ledger that allows efficient transactions without intermediaries and centralized authorities.
Train to Become A Blockchain Developer Start Your Free Trial Today!
The Ethereum Network
While both Bitcoin and Ethereum may be loosely defined as Dapps aimed at solving real-world problems, Ethereum has a much bigger plan in mind.
In Ethereum's white paper, it was stated that the intention of Ethereum is to create an alternative protocol for building decentralized applications with emphasis on development time, security, and scaling. You may think of Ethereum as, for the lack of a better analogy, the Mother of Dapps. Armed with its very own language, Solidity, Ethereum enables developers to form smart contacts using the Turing-complete Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). With these tools available, developers made Dapps that have real-life use cases, ranging from asset management to resource planning.
Examples of successful Ethereum-based Dapps that have achieved millions of dollars in market cap include Golem, Augur and Melonport. As I mentioned in my previous post, each of them aspires to rewire the economy using blockchain technology, and move us a step closer to a decentralised world.
Successful Ethereum-based Dapps
Golem. The Golem project aims to create the first global market for idle computer power. Standing at a remarkable market cap of 220 million USD, Golem will release the first version, Brass Golem, in May. Brass Golem will be tested on its ability to tackle CGI rendering, its first use case. If it turns out to be sustainably successful, CGI artists will be able to rent computing resources from other users to render an image quicker. Likewise, an idle machine can also accept tasks from other users. In light of this, frictionless sharing and pooling of resources may be a reality sooner than we think.
Augur. Augur aims to combine the concept of prediction markets with the power of decentralised network to create a forecasting tool, for potential trading gains. Standing at a market cap above 200 million USD, Augur is currently still under beta test. Eventually, it may be able to feed real-world truths into other applications and establish itself as the blockchain of facts.
Melonport. The Melonport protocol is a blockchain protocol for digital asset management. Participants can set up or invest in digital asset management strategies in an open and competitive manner. Using blockchain technology, time and costs are drastically reduced. By building an auditable and visible track record, Melonport enables a never-seen-before competitive environment in asset management.
Status. Status transforms your mobile device into a light client node on the Ethereum Network and enables you to easily access Ethereum's entire ecosystem from anywhere. Within their messenger system, users may send smart contracts and payment to each other. Server downtimes are now longer a problem as the app runs on peer-to-peer protocol.
Brave (Upcoming ICO). In a world where consumers struggle to be in control of their attention and privacy, Brave's value proposition seems rather unique. A shocking 60% of web page load time is caused by the underlying ad technology. Brave browser makes web browsing fast and safe by shielding you from third-party tracking. On top of that, should you choose to support content creators by enabling ads, you may even be monetarily rewarded with tokens. This gives end users an unprecedented level of control.
Aragon Upcoming ICO). Aragon is another ambitious project. It aims to disintermediate human trade, and allows you to manage entire organizations using the blockchain. By removing geographical borders and paperwork, the Aragon Network aims to act as a digital jurisdiction that is extremely convenient for everyone to operate on.
As seen above, each Dapp intends to apply blockchain technology to its niche and take over their respective industries. Be it investment, technology or governance, blockchain technology will permeate markets; its omnipresence will grace the world.
Being a Part of the Dapp Revolution
The Ethereum ecosystem will continue to expand as Ethereum gets under the mainstream radar. The recent rise in the price of Ether have brought along a new wave of interest in blockchain application.
If you're a developer, there is no better investment than acquainting yourself with Solidity. Solidity is Ethereum's programming language for writing executable distributed code contracts (EDCC). As you are reading this, corporations all over the world are scrambling to add blockchain developers to their ranks. Blockchain technology is growing a nascent industry in which opportunities abound.
To kickstart a Dapp project:
Create a whitepaper. Your whitepaper should address a problem you wish to solve. It should clearly state the intentions and goals of the Dapp. Describe the plans for your Dapp's token distribution, and how you intend to go about doing it. Decide on a mechanism for establishing consensus, and recruit your management and development team. Be honest with any technical difficulties you foresee and state your technical requirements clearly.
Gain a following. Discuss your plan and form a community. Value feedback and revise your plans accordingly.
Start a crowd-sale. Once the Dapp has gained enough momentum, decide on a date to receive token funding. The Dapp's crowd sale website should have all the information that an investor may need.
Bring your ideas to fruition. Begin development and welcome new developers and interest groups.
Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs)
The birth of a new member or Dapp in the blockchain community is called an ICO. It is a fundraising event based on token sales that could be potentially huge gains for the well-informed and daring investors.
In an ICO, the token value is arbitrarily determined by the start-up team. When the token gets listed on the exchange, the value is then corrected via price dynamics. The eventual value will be settled on by the participants of the network, other than accredited agencies.
No matter the accuracy of an ICO valuation, the fact remains that ICO itself is a driving factor of interest and innovation in the blockchain scene. ICO is the much-needed catalyst in opening a well of possibilities and extending the value that blockchain offers.
How to Participate in ICOs
To engage in an ICO, follow the steps below:
Stay up to date. Find out their Slack group, Twitter handles and official website. Keep up with their ICO announcements and plans.
Prepare a wallet. Do not use an exchange wallet as the address of an exchange wallet may change without you noticing. Some hardware wallets are not capability-wise ready for ICO tokens. This leaves making a wallet on myetherwallet.com as the best option. Ensure that the wallet has the necessary amount to transfer, including the gas price. For example, if you wish to transfer 10 ETH for the ICO tokens, make sure you have more than 10 ETH inside your wallet to pay the gas fee. Oversights like these are common and will result in failure of purchase.
Be on time. Some popular ICOs are over in an hour. To increase your chances of securing ICO tokens, do prepare and make the transfers as early as possible.
Safekeep your tokens. Keep your wallet safe. Once the token is listed and available on exchanges, you may transfer your tokens from the wallet to an exchange to start trading.
In choosing the right ICO to invest in, ask yourself the following questions:
Are my investments safe? Preservation of capital should be the priority of the investor. Can you trust the dev team with your money? Are you leaving your money with founders who were involved in scams?
Is there a long-term plan? Do they have the abilities and the team makeup that the project demands?
Is this just a well-marketed project? Sometimes all it takes is a professional looking website for inexperienced investors to be sold. Will the team be able to deliver its promises?
What is my exit plan? As a high-risk investment, ICOs may require you to define an investment horizon or timeline. At which price point do you intend to exit?
Does it hold a unique advantage? As the Dapp scene matures, newcomers with similar value propositions will join the market. What is the edge that this Dapp would have over future competitors?
As it stands, the current ICO scene is massively hyped. To protect yourself from capital losses, perform the necessary research and pick your ICO with care.
A Decentralized Dapps Future Awaits
The inevitable onslaught of blockchain adoption will render numerous practices obsolete. It may be a bold and distant conjecture, but services such as banking will be made redundant as the world learns to operate and finance itself by self-sustaining, trust-less and decentralized networks. Large corporations hurrying to secure their place in the blockchain movement is only a testament to that.
Perhaps another topic worth giving some thought over: by outsourcing information and value transfer to the blockchain, we increase efficiency by reducing middlemen services, but at what cost? As the services, a human can provide decreases and the value of a human erodes, can we say confidently that our lives will improve? No matter the answer to that question, we can only take the leap of faith, with blockchain as the next step forward and towards a world unified by shared data.
Merry Christmas – Firefighter Jobs App now FREE!!!!
I want to say Merry Christmas to everyone and hope you have a great holiday season this year. Now that school is out and the company Christmas parties are over it's time to relax and spend some quality time with family. If you're not able to see your family (or maybe don't want to) then I hope you still have a great time this time of year.
This has been a great year for me and I owe a lot of my success to you all, my readers. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you guys. For a gift, I wanted to give you guys our Firefighter Jobs App for FREE as a thank you for a tremendous year. Just know that it won't be free forever so get it now before time runs out.
This month has been a crazy busy month for me (and I hope for you as well) but my team and I have great ideas and projects in mind for the blog and app in 2017. I say we all hit next year with a bang! If you're still an aspiring firefighter and still have hopes for the full-time firefighter position then 2017 then this could be that year that changes your life forever. Never give up on your dreams, it can be a phone call away.
You can download the App HERE. Rember that it won't be free forever so download ASAP. The app is still only for the IOS (iPhone) system so sorry for you Andriod users, your app will be coming soon.
I want to also remind you all that we have our new Facebook Group up and running. You can click that link to be brought to the page and join. We accept anyone (aspiring firefighter or not) to join and if you have any questions, comments, or concerns then you can post it on the board and someone will answer you quickly. I want it to be a user driven facebook page, so join now!
Thanks again for an amazing year and I hope you all have a great beginning to 2017.
The coastal county of Norfolk in the south-east of England is a peaceful place. Little villages are scattered throughout a patchwork of fertile fields and rivers. The climate is kind, and the area is rich in wildlife. It's a favourite destination for holidays, and has a long and rich history. There is much evidence of it being populated by ancient peoples, with archaeological finds stretching back hundreds of thousands of years.
It was here, in this now quiet and comfortable corner of the country, that a vicious and opportunistic action by the occupying Roman Empire led to one of the best-known rebellions against oppression in British history.
The Roman conquest in Britain went on at intervals for several hundred years, but in the first century AD stable Roman occupation was still confined to the south-east. At this time, Britain was still populated by many different tribes and little kingdoms.
Rome made alliance with some and subjugated others with the sword. Around the year 60 AD Roman efforts were concentrated on defeating the fierce tribes who had long defended the Welsh borders in the west. The region which we now know as Norfolk was the province of the Iceni tribe, whose king had long been quiescent to Roman influence. The Iceni were a client kingdom of Rome, and there was an uneasy peace in this new and still wild region of the Empire.
The Iceni were a proud and independent people and they did not take kindly to Roman attempts to extend the influence of the Empire. Attempts to disarm the local populace were met with local rebellions, and though these never represented a genuine threat to Roman influence, they showed the desire of this fierce and ancient people to retain at least some measure of independence in their own land. Under their wise and long-lived king they had prospered and kept their land and culture mostly intact, never entering into open war with the invaders.
It was the way of Rome to oblige tribal leaders under their rule to name the Roman Emperor as Heir to their lands. Upon the death of client kings, Rome could add regions to the Empire without the need for bloodshed. It was a good system, as far as it went, but the Iceni were not so easily absorbed. Their king, knowing that their death was approaching, named their queen and their daughters as the heirs to the kingdom alongside the Emperor, in the hope that the Iceni dynasty could continue in peace as a culturally distinct entity alongside Rome.
The king died. The men in charge of the local garrison marched on the town. The queen and their two daughters were dragged before a crowd in the capital of the Iceni, where they were callously brutalised by the soldiers. Roman law did not recognise a woman's right to inherit.
A little over than a hundred years had passed since Julius Caesar had first projected Roman influence into Britain. They did not hold territory, instead demanding taxes and tribute of slaves from the most powerful native states. Trade flowed between Gaul and Britannia, and with it flowed Roman culture, laws, technologies and ways of thought.
Fifteen years before the Queen of the Iceni was humiliated in front their own people, a full-scale invasion and colonisation had begun and the situation had changed. Resistance was met with conquest by force of arms. In conquered towns and cities new populations were established, consisting of veterans of the Roman army and their families. These people were Romans through and through, people from different parts of the empire, their loyalty long established. To retire from the Roman army was to have survived decades of service.
The tensions between these new arrivals and the native peoples grew and grew, but actual revolts were few and short lived. Many small incidents had added to a simmering sense of anger, but the Iceni had been at peace with Rome for a long time. With the death of a noble and shrewd King, and the ascension of a strong and well loved Queen, they were grieved, and they were glad, but there was no plan for war against Rome.
The brutal treatment of the Iceni Queen and their daughters enraged the tribe. The news spread like wildfire throughout the native peoples of the region. Warriors both male and female flocked to the queen, committing their loyalty and their arms to the quest for revenge.
They represented to them everything that they held dear in their culture. They represented the opposite of Rome, a strong woman, skilled at arms, a descendant of the Royal house of the Iceni and a master of the ancient lore and oral history of their people. They represented the refusal to submit to oppression. They were their banner, their queen, and their inspiration. Thousands upon thousands flocked to her, and before the year was out they rode at the head of a huge force of warriors.
South of the Iceni capital lay the town which the Romans called Camulodunum. When news of the rebellion reached the town the Roman inhabitants garrisoned their temple and sent messages to the Roman Procurator, begging for reinforcements.
When the reinforcements arrived, they numbered only two hundred men, and these were green auxiliary troops, lightly armed and armoured and poorly trained. Boudica's army reached the town, and while the defenders lay at bay, besieged in the temple, the town was systematically demolished around them. The temple was taken, and the veterans and the auxiliary troops were slaughtered. Every single one of the town's native inhabitants joined the army, which began to march south.
The next day they came upon a legion, marching in haste to relieve Camulodunum. The legion faced Boudica from the top of a low hill, but they could not challenge the sheer momentum of the furious rebels. Only their commander and a small detachment of cavalry managed to escape, fleeing south toward the province of Londinium.
Londinium was the Roman province which lies on the river Thames, an early ancestor of the great capital city of Britain which we call London. In the early days of the Roman conquest it was only a shadow of what it would eventually become, but it was still a busy, thriving little riverside town. Many folk gathered here from different parts of the Empire, including many Roman veterans, but there was only a small garrison in place.
The Roman governor in Britain at this time was a General named Gaius Suetonius Paulinus. It was common for Romans to have three names, a personal first name, a second denoting the family or clan, and a third which was descriptive of some trait in the individual. Paulinus is derived from the Latin root meaning ‘small' or ‘humble,' and, in fact, this Gaius Paulinus was both of these things. They were a native Italian, lean, dark, quick-witted and resolute. They had had a successful career in the Army, and their success had come from prudence and thoughtful planning. Their humility manifested itself in a distinct lack of the Roman pride and arrogance which had too often led to the downfall and misuse of the might of the legions. The Varian disaster was still raw in the memories of Roman commanders, an example of what could happen when arrogance and scorn for the natives prevailed over prudence and good judgement.
Gaius Paulinus had been two years in the south-west, fighting a steady advance against fierce Druids in the region we now call Wales. When messages came to them of the actions of the Roman garrison against the Iceni queen, and the subsequent rising of the people, they brought their small army back east toward Londinium. They moved with all the speed they could toward the city, the General sending messages to the other Roman garrisons calling for them to rally to them there.
At that time, the south of Britain was criss-crossed by long trails which connected up towns, ports and cities. Many of these survive to this day, long ways incorporated in places into old Roman roads, running under concrete in modern towns and villages, or remaining as grassy footpaths.
It was one of these which was utilised by Gaius Paulinus and their troops. Today it is called Watling Street, a curious name, said to be derived from the name of an ancient people of North Wales, where it begins. It is a very ancient track, established long before the Romans arrived, and it meanders almost three hundred miles from St. Albans in the north-west to London and the coast in the south-east.
Paulinus made quick work of the journey, and when they arrived at Londinium Boudica's host was still some way away, advancing quickly and growing as it came. Messages reached him. There were more Roman soldiers gathering back west on the Watling road and so, looking at their small number of tired troops, they took their cold decision. They would not fight here. They abandoned the settlement to the rebels.
Londinium was burned. Boudica's army inflicted terror and destruction. The inhabitants were put to the sword, and as Gaius rode away their troops could see the smoke of the burning blotting out the sky. They travelled on, back up the Watling road, and soon they gathered all the Roman troops to them who had answered their summons. Boudica's host left the shattered carcass of Londinium and headed west in pursuit.
Gaius had some ten thousand men with them when their scouts reported that Boudica was almost upon him. They were pursuing with terrifying speed. They would have to make their stand. They arrayed their force behind a long defile not far from the road. The edge of a forest was at their back and before them lay an open plain surrounded by low hills.
The Romans formed up in a defensive line and waited. The rebels began to pour onto the field. There were horses, chariots and countless footsoldiers armed with axes, swords and short, stabbing spears. Boudica could be seen, far away at the foot of the hills, a brightly coloured figure standing atop a chariot, declaiming to their warriors. Them army formed a line some way away from the Romans. A great number of horse-drawn wagons choked the flat ground at the entrances to the plain, and formed a long curve around the far flank of the approaching army. The Romans were outnumbered by a huge margin, but the defensive position was good. It would be impossible to bring a flanking manoeuvre through the thick trees behind, and the chariots and cavalry could not attack through the deep, boggy ground at the bottom of the defile. On the rising slope, the Roman infantry waited, still as statues.
At last, the attack began. Warriors of the Iceni stormed the defile in a great wave. The Romans responded with the Pilum, a short throwing spear with a viciously barbed tip which bent and twisted when it hit the target, meaning that it could not be pulled out, nor thrown back. Ten thousand Pila sailed through the air, and most found their mark. The next wave met with the same treatment, as did the third. By now the low ground in front of the Romans was filled with bodies of the dead or the writhing wounded.
The enemy wavered. The Romans advanced. With eyes as cold as granite, they trampled the fallen and engaged the shaken front of the enemy host. The rebels were driven by hatred and rage at their oppressors, but the Romans were drilled and disciplined, and they knew that they must prevail here or be destroyed utterly. On the open field, the Romans prevailed. The rebellion became a bloody rout.
The actual circumstances of Boudica's death are not recorded by sources from the time. Later Roman chronicles suggest that they poisoned themselves to avoid capture, but it is very possible that they and their daughters made a last stand, and ended their lives with honour on the field of battle.
BEIJING (Reuters) - If Beijing is successful in its bid for the 2022 Winter Olympics then foreigners who attend will get uncensored Internet access, but this isn't an issue for Chinese who “don't like” sites like Facebook and Twitter, an official said on Wednesday.
A picture illustration shows icons of WeChat and Weibo app in Beijing, December 5, 2013. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic
China keeps a tight rein on its Internet. The government has warned that social media, particularly foreign services, could be a destabilizing force for Chinese society or even affect the country's security.
Popular foreign social media sites like Twitter, YouTube, Instagram and Facebook as well as Google Inc's main search engine and Gmail service are all inaccessible in China without specialized software to vault what is known as the “Great Firewall”.
China had committed to providing media with the same freedom to report on the 2008 Beijing summer Olympics as they enjoyed at previous Games.
But when the main press center opened, journalists complained of finding access to sites deemed sensitive to China's communist leadership blocked. A senior International Olympic Committee (IOC) official later admitted that some IOC officials cut a deal to let China block sensitive websites.
Wang Hui, spokesperson for the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games Bid Committee, told a news briefing that China was an open country committed to having an open Internet.
“Everyone always brings up Facebook and Twitter, but people around me don't like to use it,” Wang said, when asked whether foreign visitors would access uncensored Internet access if the city won the 2022 Games.
“With our Weibo and WeChat, China's 650 million (web users) can freely use these tools to exchange and receive information,” they said, referring to wildly popular Chinese social media tools which are subject to often quite strict government censorship.
“If you gave these (Facebook and Twitter) to me, I would not use them. I like using Weibo and WeChat.”
Foreign visitors, including the press, spectators or athletes, would get open Internet access in 2022, Wang added, without explaining how exactly this would work.
“Without a doubt, 2022 will be even more open than 2008.”
An IOC evaluation team is in China this week, and the final decision on who gets the Games will be made in July. The only other city bidding is Kazakhstan's Almaty.
Despite being blocked in China, Beijing 2022 organizers have set up official Facebook pages and Twitter accounts, aimed at a foreign audience, though to little apparent effect.
The Beijing 2022 Twitter account, which sent its first tweet in early November, is only followed by some 550 people. Its official Facebook page has attracted just over 400 likes since it was sent up at about the same time.
The US solar industry is a bigger employer than oil and gas extraction, but it fears disruption under a Trump presidency
The solar industry is wary. US president-elect Donald Trump has picked climate sceptics and oil industry executives for key positions in their administration, promising to scrap President Obama's clean power plan and withdraw from the Paris climate agreement.
Underlying these concerns is a gnawing fear that the rapid expansion of solar energy generation overseen by Obama could soon be undermined.
The US installed a record 4.1GW of solar power in 2016's third quarter, 191% up on the same period last year, in a boom fuelled by investment tax credits (ITCs) that offer solar and wind firms a 30% tax rebate.
Industry leaders fear the tax credits may not survive a Trump administration which has vowed to cut $100bn (£80bn) of climate spending, and will need to find more savings to fund $6.2tn (£5tn) of tax cuts.
“The tax credit will cost around $50bn in the period to 2022 and might be an easy choice for Trump,” said James Watson, the CEO of SolarPower Europe. “He's got a very sceptical climate team around them who would not be too worried about cutting back the ITCs.”
Solar employs more than oil and gas extraction
Any moves in this direction could increase US emissions and have a toxic effect internationally, just as the budding solar industry is nearing cost parity with fossil fuels such as coal and gas.
Renewable energy companies have already been battered by Trump's victory, with shares in one US solar giant, SunPower Corp, plummeting 14% the day after the election.
However, Trump has not yet commented on the future of the ITCs and some analysts say they may be loathe to go up against Republicans in Congress who recently voted to extend the scheme until 2022.
Taylor Dimsdale, the head of the E3G thinktank in Washington, said that while signals from the Trump team had so far been mixed “to put it mildly”, its planned fossil fuel renaissance could be met without axing renewable subsidies.
“There's pretty strong bipartisan support for renewable energy,” they said. “A republican-controlled Congress just extended solar tax credits after a not particularly gruelling battle, because the solar industry is important in many states that are controlled by Republican legislatures and governors.”
More Americans are now employed in the solar industry than on oil rigs or gas fields so cutbacks would face resistance.
Even so, Dimsdale warned that if Trump makes good on a promise to cut corporation tax to 15%, “the ITC could be one of the first things to go”.
Trump won't derail solar growth
Not all solar companies are so pessimistic. Milan Nitzschke, the vice president of SolarWorld, the largest solar panel manufacturer in the EU and US, said:
What will happen if world's biggest companies don't take water seriously? Read more
“I have no concerns that the US market will not grow in the next years, as it did before. Mr Trump is a business person and will already know that solar is one of the cheapest sources of electricity. In the end, we should not forget that the sun is a great American energy source.”
Few analysts foresee a contraction of the US solar industry even under a Trump presidency, but many expect growth to slow. Watson said that without the clean energy plan, “at best we will be looking at maintaining installation levels of around 8-10GW a year”.
Trump's outspoken stand against Chinese trade practices could even benefit the US and European markets, by restricting cheap solar panel imports, according to Nitzschke.
SolarWorld has been an outlier in the solar industry, pushing strongly for anti-dumping measures against China. While Nitzschke is also president of the EU ProSun anti-dumping lobby group.
They said: “If the US and its president-elect take concrete actions against China's breaking of WTO trade rules and destruction of manufacturing jobs, it can grow its solar market and domestic solar industry.”
Most European solar firms view the current tariffs on Chinese solar panels as an unnecessary tax on the industry that constrains expansion, and postpones the day that subsidies can be dispensed with altogether.
SolarPower Europe, however, expects the Obama administration's tariffs on Chinese solar panels to be continued without change. “Trump is talking about a 50% tax on all Chinese goods entering the US but solar duties are already much higher than that,” Watson said.
Sign up to be a Guardian Sustainable Business member and get more stories like this direct to your inbox every week. You can also follow us on Twitter.
Image copyright Getty Images
Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner used a private email account to carry out official White House business, their lawyer said.
Mr Kushner is a senior presidential adviser and is married to Ivanka Trump.
Their lawyer confirmed the existence of the personal email account in a statement on Sunday.
During their campaign, Mr Trump repeatedly criticised rival Hillary Clinton for using a personal email account while secretary of state.
The president frequently encouraged crowds at rallies to chant "lock their up", and vowed to imprison Mrs Clinton.
An investigation into the matter was closed without charges, though then-FBI director James Comey said they were "extremely careless" in handling classified information.
Dozens of emails were exchanged between Mr Kushner and other White House officials on topics including media coverage and event planning, according to Politico, which first published the story.
There is no indication that Mr Kushner shared classified or privileged information through their private email account.
"Mr Kushner uses their White House email address to conduct White House business," their lawyer, Abbe Lowell, said in a statement.
"Fewer than a hundred emails from January through August were either sent to or returned by Mr Kushner to colleagues in the White House from their personal email account."
"These usually forwarded news articles or political commentary and most often occurred when someone initiated the exchange by sending an email to their personal, rather than their White House, address."
Federal regulations specify how records related to the president and other government activities should be maintained.
The use of private accounts can put official records beyond the reach of journalists, lawmakers, and others who seek publicly-available information.
Maryland drivers will soon be able to show their state pride on their vehicles with a new license plate.
Gov, Larry Hogan made the announcement today.
The new license plate will feature the Maryland flag front and center and will be available beginning September 26, 2016 for all passenger cars, SUVs, trucks, motorcycles and multi-purpose vehicles.
“You would be hard pressed to find another state that has more pride than our great state of Maryland,” Hogan said. “Earlier this year we launched our newly redesigned, state-of-the-art, Maryland-themed driver's licenses, using our beautiful flag for inspiration. Now, Marylanders will have yet another way to show their state pride, with our new ‘Maryland Proud' standard-issue license plate.”
It'll replace the War of 1812 plate, but if you like that atrocity, you can keep it!
The new plate costs $20.
To order the new Maryland Proud plate, go to mva.maryland.gov and click Online Services after Sept. 26.
[blackwall-hitch-rotating-ad]
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Instead, by arguing that collusion with a foreign government is fine, Hannity and Gingrich have given themselves license to defend almost anything that now comes out. McClatchy reported on Wednesday that congressional and justice department investigators are looking into whether the Trump campaign helped direct Russia's fake news attacks against Hillary Clinton. Hannity and Gingrich now have their answer: Collusion is fine. The fact that Rob Goldstone, in their email to Donald Jr., said the meeting with Veselnitskaya was “part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump” and that they suggested “I can also send this info to your father via Rhona [his secretary]” suggests that President Trump may well have known their campaign was colluding with Russia. But Trump's defenders now have a justification for that too.
Trump and their defenders have executed this maneuver before. Last fall, when the release of the Access Hollywood tape, combined with numerous allegations of sexual harassment, imperiled Trump's campaign, their defenders began focusing on Bill Clinton's sexual indiscretions. The Trump campaign even invited three Clinton accusers to the October 9 presidential debate. The implication was clear: Lots of powerful men sexually harass women. It didn't disqualify Clinton; it shouldn't disqualify Trump. No big deal.
For conservatives, this week's revelations mark a fork in the road. In its editorial on the matter, National Review took a radically different tack than Hannity and Gingrich. The magazine said that if “nothing else came of” the meeting with Veselnitskaya, it might not be that big a deal. But it didn't say collusion was fine. To the contrary, it warned that if “the Trump Jr. meeting is only the beginning of damaging revelations about some sort of relationship between a Russian government determined to try to tip the scales in an American presidential election and the Trump campaign” that would constitute a grave offense.
In contrast to Hannity and Gingrich, who this week set themselves up to defend Trump no matter what, National Review has now laid the foundations for turning on him.
It comes down a simple question: Can Trump do anything wrong? By laying out what it would consider wrongdoing, National Review has answered yes. It has set out a standard for Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign, to meet. By shifting their argument to “everyone does it,” Hannity and Gingrich have essentially answered no, nothing Trump could have done would qualify as wrongdoing. It is, after all, always possible to find examples of other people doing bad things. Remember what Trump said in December 2015 when Joe Scarborough pushed them about Putin's murder of journalists: “I think our country does plenty of killing also.”
It's now easier to predict which conservatives will defend Trump to the end and which conservatives will not. The argument between them will help determine whether their presidency survives.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
While JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said they "would fire" any employee found trading Bitcoin, Goldman Sachs' leadership is embracing reality as WSJ reports the bank is weighing a new trading operation dedicated to bitcoin and other digital currencies.
On the heels of IMF Chief Christine Lagarde's comments that:
"... the technology itself can replace national monies, conventional financial intermediation, and even puts a question mark on the fractional banking model we know today... So I think it may not be wise to dismiss virtual currencies."
Bitcoin's price has continued higher - erasing the losses from China and Jamie Dimon's comments...
And now, according to people familiar with the matter, The Wall Street Journal reports that Goldman Sachs is the first blue-chip Wall Street firm preparing to deal directly in this burgeoning yet controversial market.
“In response to client interest in digital currencies we are exploring how best to serve them in this space,” a Goldman spokesperson said.
Goldman's effort is in its early stages and may not proceed, the people said. The firm's interest, though, could boost bitcoin's standing among investors and fuel the debate around digital currencies, which were initially viewed as havens for illicit activity but are pushing further into the mainstream investment world.
Goldman's seeks to serve a growing cadre of institutional investors wagering on bitcoin.
Its effort could eventually entail a team of traders and salespeople making markets in bitcoins much as they do Japanese yen or shares of Apple Inc.
Keeping abreast of the day-to-day cryptocurrency market could also position Goldman to capitalize on further development of this market. Digital-currency proponents envision a world where coins will be widely accepted by online retailers and companies will use the tokens for cross-border commerce.
Some 70 hedge funds now invest in cryptocurrencies, according to Autonomous NEXT.
Already, a handful of nonbank finance firms, such as DRW Holdings LLC's Cumberland Mining and Genesis Global Trading Inc., broker bitcoin trades for institutional investors that want to buy or sell larger amounts than exchanges could handle.
That is a role that banks could easily step into.
* * *
This is going to be hard for Dimon to swallow...
GOLDMAN SACHS SAID TO WEIGH BITCOIN TRADING OPERATION: WSJ
wait what... pic.twitter.com/WKyrfDIHca — zerohedge (@zerohedge) October 2, 2017
But we do suggest a slight hesitation to the squid embracing another illiquid asset-class. We suspect as far as volatility goes - you ain't seen nothing yet.
With its fixed-income division revenues down 21% from last year through June, dragged down by poor performance in commodities and currencies (both near record lows in volatility), it appears Goldman is looking for another asset - with volatility - to trade.
WSJ also notes that Goldman's effort involves both its currency-trading division and the bank's strategic investment group, the people said. That suggests the firm believes bitcoin's future is more as a payment method rather than a store of value, like gold.
Story highlights The Guardian reports that U.S. surveillance targeted 38 embassies and missions
Der Spiegel reports that the U.S. bugged EU offices and infiltrated a computer network
If true, it would "have a severe impact on EU-US relations," a European official says
A U.S. intelligence office says it will respond "through diplomatic channels"
European officials reacted with fury Sunday to a report that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on EU offices.
The European Union warned that if the report is accurate, it will have tremendous repercussions.
"I am deeply worried and shocked about the allegations," European Parliament President Martin Schulz said in a statement. "If the allegations prove to be true, it would be an extremely serious matter which will have a severe impact on EU-US relations. On behalf of the European Parliament, I demand full clarification and require further information speedily from the U.S. authorities with regard to these allegations."
German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger "said if the accusations were true, it was reminiscent of the Cold War," ministry spokesperson Anders Mertzlufft said, adding that the minister "has asked for an immediate explanation from the United States."
JUST WATCHED Bush on Snowden: They damaged the country Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bush on Snowden: They damaged the country 01:37
JUST WATCHED Still looking for Edward Snowden Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Still looking for Edward Snowden 02:03
JUST WATCHED Deal offered for Snowden's return Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Deal offered for Snowden's return 01:43
JUST WATCHED Obama covers their bases on Snowden Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama covers their bases on Snowden 03:04
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius called for a swift explanation from American authorities.
"These acts, if they are confirmed, would be absolutely unacceptable," they said in a statement.
The outrage from European officials over the weekend was the latest fallout since Edward Snowden, a former National Security Agency computer contractor, started spilling details of U.S. surveillance programs to reporters earlier this month.
Der Spiegel said it had "in part seen" documents from Snowden that describe how the National Security Agency bugged EU officials' Washington and New York offices and conducted an "electronic eavesdropping operation" that tapped into a EU building in Brussels, Belgium.
The magazine's report also says that NSA spying has targeted telephone and Internet connection data in Germany more than any other European nation. An average of up to 20 million phone connections and 10 million Internet data connections are surveyed daily, Der Spiegel said, noting that the intensity of surveillance puts the U.S. ally on par with China, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
Another report Sunday claimed that surveillance extended beyond European offices.
The Guardian newspaper reported that one NSA document leaked by Snowden describes 38 embassies and missions as "targets" and details surveillance methods that include planting bugs in communications equipment and collecting transmissions with specialized antennae.
Targets included France, Italy, Greece, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, India and Turkey, according to The Guardian.
CNN has not independently confirmed the allegations in the reports from Der Spiegel and the Guardian.
U.S. officials did not immediately respond to the Guardian's report. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment Sunday on specific allegations published in Der Spiegel.
"The United States government will respond appropriately to the European Union through our diplomatic channels, and through the EU/U.S. experts' dialogue on intelligence that the U.S. proposed several weeks ago," the office said in a statement. "We will also discuss these issues bilaterally with EU member states. While we are not going to comment publicly on specific alleged intelligence activities, as a matter of policy, we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations."
Ben Rhodes, White House deputy national security adviser for strategic communications, said they had not seen the report and "would not comment on unauthorized disclosures of intelligence programs. The intelligence community would be the most appropriate to do that."
Rhodes added that "those are some of our closest intelligence partners, so it's worth noting that the Europeans work very closely with us. We have very close intelligence relationships with them."
Michael Hayden, a former director of the NSA and CIA, told "Face the Nation" on CBS on Sunday morning that they didn't know whether the report was true.
"I've been out of government for about five years, so I really don't know, and even if I did, I wouldn't confirm or deny it," they said. "But I think I can confirm a few things for you here this morning. Number one, the United States does conduct espionage. Number two, our Fourth Amendment, which protects Americans' privacy, is not an international treaty. And number three, any European who wants to go out and rend their garments with regard to international espionage should look first and find out what their governments are doing."
European Union spokesperson Marlene Holzner, in a e-mail to CNN, said, "We have immediately been in contact with the U.S. authorities in Washington D.C. and in Brussels and have confronted them with the press reports. They have told us they are checking on the accuracy of the information released yesterday and will come back to us."
In Brussels, Der Spiegel says, the agency targeted the Justus Lipsius Building, which houses the European Council and the EU Council of Ministers, the union's main decision-making and legislative body.
And in Washington, the magazine report claims, the NSA installed bugs in the European Union's building and infiltrated its computer network.
Der Spiegel's report comes as negotiations for a trans-Atlantic trade agreement between the United States and the European Union are set to start next month in Washington.
Snowden has revealed themselves as the source of documents outlining a massive effort by the NSA to track cell phone calls and monitor the e-mail and Internet traffic of virtually all Americans.
Critics slam them as a traitor. Supporters hail them as a hero.
Now Snowden, who faces espionage charges in the United States, is in Russia and seeking asylum from Ecuador.
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden asked Ecuador "to please reject" the request for asylum, according to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa.
"That's not acceptable," WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told ABC's "This Week" on Sunday.
Assange, whose organization facilitates the release of classified documents and is assisting Snowden's asylum bid, said they couldn't reveal details about the former NSA contractor's specific location or the status of their case. They criticized U.S. officials for pressuring Ecuador on the matter.
"Asylum is a right that we all have. It's an international right. The United States has been founded largely on accepting political refugees from other countries and has prospered by it. Mr. Snowden has that right," said Assange. "Ideally, they should be able to return to the United States. Unfortunately, that's not the world that we live in and hopefully another country will give them the justice that they deserve."
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro weighed in on Sunday. In a letter to Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega published in Cuban state media, Castro praised Ecuador's president for standing up to U.S. threats over Snowden.
On Saturday night, Correa said the ball was in Russia's court.
"We didn't ask to be in this situation. Mr. Snowden has been in touch with Mr. Assange, who recommended they ask for asylum in Ecuador. In order to process this request, they need to be in Ecuadorian territory," Correa said in an interview with Ecuador's Oromar TV on Saturday night. "At this point, the solution for Snowden's final destination is in the hands of the Russian authorities."
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said it's up to Snowden to figure out their next step.
"The sooner they select their final destination point, the better both for us and for himself," Putin said.
A top Russian lawmaker said Sunday that Russia must not hand Snowden over to the United States.
"It's not a matter of Snowden's usefulness to Russia, it's a matter of principle," Alexei Pushkov -- who heads the international affairs committee at the Duma, the lower house of parliament -- said on Twitter.
"He is a political refugee and handing them over is morally unacceptable," they said.
There are assertions that Ireland has a very costly health service; that we spend a lot but get little to show for it. This post will look at claims that we are high spenders when it comes to health. The fact is that we are not extremely high spenders but that shouldn't be interpreted as meaning that our problems are automatically due to lack of resources.
The CSO has adopted a new methodology for categorising health expenditure: the System of Health Accounts. Since it was published in December of last year, a number of commentators have used the data to claim that we are one of the highest spenders in the OECD. In yesterday's Sunday Business Post it was claimed:
‘We are spending considerably more than the vast majority of OECD countries and the wealthy European countries.'
Depending on the number used this is either true or not so true. That's the problem with such statistics – it can tell you a whole number of different things at the same time.
We spend considerably more if we take the total level of spend – both public and private expenditure. The latter includes out-of-pocket expenses (GP visits, prescription medicine) and health insurance payments.
The above measures spending on a per capita basis using PPPs (to better compare for living standards and currency movements). It does appear, using total public and private expenditure, that we spend a lot – the fourth highest in the EU-15, well above the average; nearly 20 percent higher.
However, when we isolate public spending, the situation looks a bit different.
Ireland falls to mid-table, still above the EU-15 average. However, we are now 8.7 percent above average. Of course, if you squeeze public spending – especially in the context of an increasing population and a rising elderly demographic – you will get a rise in private spending. This is all the more the case with the rising costs of health insurance.
But that's in 2013. What's been happening since?
Irish health spending has fallen by 3.3 percent up to the 2016 estimates.
In the five EU-15 countries reporting for 2014, health spending per capita increased by 2.4 percent.
This is just an exercise: let's assume that health spending throughout the EU-15 increased by 2.4 percent annually up to 2016. With Irish health spending falling, we'd find Ireland below the EU-15 average. We don't know if this is the case but the early evidence is that health spending in the EU-15 and Ireland are going in opposite directions.
When we turn to the Eurostat breakdown of health expenditure we can get further insights into Irish spending compared to the rest of the EU-15. This is a different method than the System of Health Accounts but it will be sufficient for comparative purposes.
The Eurostat data shows that Irish expenditure (this time measured as a % of GDP – Irish GDP is adjusted for multi-national accounting), is above the EU-15 average. But there are two significant spending differences:
Ireland spends a considerable amount through outpatient services – nearly 50 percent higher than the EU-15 average (in 2013, this would amount to approximately €2 billion more than the EU-15 average).
On the other hand, spending on hospital services is well below EU-15 average – in 2013, this would have been approximately €2.6 billion less than the average spend of other EU-15 countries.
It is difficult to know what explains this. Is the high spending on outpatient services evidence of the impact of private incentives and the interpenetration of the public and private sectors driving up costs? There is little debate on this issue so far in the campaign.
It is likely that the Irish numbers above will fall as GDP grows and health expenditure increases are minimised. However, there is an important point to be made. All things considered, Irish health expenditure should be less than our European counter-parts given our lower elderly demographic. How much less is difficult to say and, again, research on comparative demographic drivers would be helpful in constructing an evidence-based approach.
However, it is also clear that if you starve a service of resources, especially when that service is managed in a sub-optimal manner, the deficits will multiply and more people will be driven into private markets which will raise total expenditure. While the CSO warns against reading too much into this historical trend (as the 2013 data constitutes a break in the series owing to the use of the new method) it gives a sense of what's happening with expenditure. Public spending on health makes up approximately 70 percent of all health spending (the remainder being out-of-pocket expenses and health insurance. Between 2008 and 2013:
Public health spending has fallen by 3.5 percent
Private spending on health has increased by over 50 percent
None of the above should be taken as an argument for ‘throwing money' at the health services. But it is an argument to both resource and reform. It is also an argument to identify the problem correctly and to take care with the data. Our health system is costly but not overly so. It looks like there is an inefficient allocation of resources (e.g. between public and private medicine). And suppressing resources without addressing reform will only exacerbate the problems.
Over the last five years we didn't get reform – we got cuts. Now can we have a debate on the real issues in the system, the real reforms that are needed and the resources that can make a real difference?
Or is that possible in the middle of a general election?
I've been a dungeon master (the person who comes up with a story and runs a game) for several years now, and I've noticed that there are a couple common types of players. For my and your amusement, I've made a list of ten of those player archetypes.
I know I've been guilty of more than one of these roles when I've been a player! Read the list with a smile though, and if you see yourself in any of these, then just laugh along with me and be merry about it. Enjoy!
1. The Direction Despot – Whether or not they actually have a map, this person always grabs the steering wheel. You can be sure that they'll spend a lot of time asserting themselves and trying to turn the other player characters into minions. Heck, some of the time, they'll even try to play other people's characters for them. Sometimes, they won't even try to convince the rest of the party to go along with what they want to do. As the party is deciding whether or not to side with the king, they'll just declare that their character walks into the palace because that's what their character would do, “and the party has the option of coming along.”
2. The Uninterested Shell – In contrast to the Direction Despot, this person just sits. Everybody else kind of wonders why they like the game since all they really do during the five hours of playing is rolled the dice a few times, but since they're not disruptive and everybody tends to get along with this person, it's cool. And sure, every once in a while, they'll say something whenever somebody else is being particularly annoying. But for the most part, this person is devoid of any interaction or feedback.
3. The Entitled Mime – Similar to the Uninterested Shell, this person doesn't do things on their own. Sure, they do some things, but the point is that they're mostly quiet. Instead of thinking up things for their character to pursue, they think that their dungeon master is supposed to hand them significance. Whenever another player does something proactive and thus gets a lead role in a mission, they get outraged that the dungeon master is clearly playing favorites. And because they don't think they have anything to do, they don't really do anything other than roll dice, mutter angrily, and occasionally have their character do something random and disruptive just to remind everybody else how capable and important they are.
4. The Gabby Socialite – Little did you know when you started your campaign that you… weren't starting a campaign. This person talks a lot, which is surprising since they're often still aware of what's happening in the game and engage their character in situations. But the trouble is that 99% of the time, they're either not talking about the game at all or trying to turn whatever is happening in the game into a joke (they usually get carried away with the whole “It's good to have a sense of humor at the table” thing).
5. The Moral Contortionist – Nobody is a cheater. Absolutely nobody, and certainly not the group that I'd like to call Moral Contortionists. Sure, they might make up their own dice results, fudge a few things on their character sheets, or generously interpret some rules, but since it's all about having fun, then clearly nothing is wrong with this. And since nothing is wrong, then obviously there is no cheating. It's not like they do it a lot (who's counting?), so it'd be overkill to call them a cheater anyway. Not that they're cheating, since we already talked about how cheating isn't cheating. You just need to relax. And look the other way, please.
6. The Oversensitive Dignity – Everybody gets attached to their characters, but some people just take everything personally at the table. If you end up allowing this person's character to get killed by the angry orcs or if you act out a judgmental sage that verbally berates their character, then expect this person to accuse you of being petty enough to petty enough to personally target their character for some unknown reason. Anything that happens at the table is a personal insult, actually. Perhaps they think that you're telling them that they need to roll the diplomacy check too is you trying to make them feel inferior, or they think that making a ruling that isn't to their liking means that you're letting the authority get to your head. Basically, just expect them to be mad at you all the time.
7. The Ostentatious Attorney – This person has gone out of their way to try to outsmart you when it comes to the books. If they find out that you've read a new rulebook, then expect them to read two. If you cite anything that isn't helpful to the party in a situation, expect them to ask for a moment to double-check that. Naturally, they'll be right once in a while, and they'll delight in pointing it out in either an irritatingly passive aggressive or openly pretentious way, and use it to try to assert that they're the foremost authority on the rules. They're always watching and waiting, so it's bound to happen. But also naturally, don't expect them to count all the times they doubt you and dive into the book without resurfacing with anything.
8. The Balance Breaker – These power gamers just don't have any self-restraint. They spend as much time reading the rulebooks as the Ostentatious Attorney and the dungeon master, but instead of doing it for the purpose of learning about as much of the game as possible, they're just hunting for whatever can make their character even more awesomely powerful and broken. They take great pride in what they do, and are usually pretty clear about how everybody else should play the game like they do (after all, if everybody else was like this, the party would actually be balanced, they'll say). Of course, they don't want to face the fact that the books were actually designed by well-paid people whose whole job is to make the information accessible and the math easy enough for second graders.
9. The Transitive Expert – How long they've been playing Dungeons and Dragons is irrelevant. The Transitive Expert started role-playing in some other game, and from this has come to view theirs or themselves as an expert on role-playing, period. They come to the table with expectations of how things should be done, and will hold you and your campaign to standards of their creation. Anything they don't like — and I do mean anything — is either a problem with you as a dungeon master, you as an inferior role-player, or with the Dungeons and Dragons system itself. Sometimes they really do have good ideas or are focusing on an aspect of another game that really does do something better than how Dungeons and Dragons does it, but more often than not, these people are just focusing on being upset with the same things anybody would be upset with instead of spending their time actually trying to play their character.
10. The Philosophy Robot – This is not a game, it's a life pursuit, and it's serious business, people! These people will talk about the game the same way that a priest talks about how to live; there is a right way to do it, and a wrong way. If you let them, they'll preach for as long as you'll listen about the proper way to get into and make decisions as your character. Or how to build your character to reflect your background story. Or when it is and is not appropriate to question the dungeon master. Or why parts of the book should be dismissed as invalid and illegitimate. Or whatever. Unless you particularly care, it's probably best to either just nod politely and hope that they realize that they're droning on, or poke them and very carefully tell them that it doesn't really matter that much in the end as long as people are having a good time (but be ready for gasps and a long-winded rebuke if you mess this up).
*Obligatory Disclaimer: This list is not aimed at anybody in particular. I've seen each of the roles on this list filled by many, many people, and we all giggle about it now. It's not a sneaky, childish attempt at getting anybody to change, but instead, it's just like I said at the beginning. This is purely for the entertainment of anybody who has ever played Dungeons and Dragons. Turn that frown upside down and giggle with us!
24 in. x 3/4 in. x 24 in. Plain Expanded Metal Sheet is rated 4.6 out of 5 by 35 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Wes from Used as a Lavalock box in an Oklahoma Joe Smoker fire box. Used as a Lavalock box in an Oklahoma Joe Smoker fire box.
Rated 5 out of 5 by astonman from Very Useful I bought this to make a charcoal basket for a new smoker I received. A charcoal basket keeps the coals and/or wood from directly touching the sides of your firebox. This will help your firebox last as long as the cook chamber. It also allows the fire to breath because the ashes fall out. First let me say that bending expanded metal is a bit difficult. I used 2X4s and slowly folded the sheet as needed. I used metals snips to do the cutting. Shop equipment and power tools would have made the job easier but I decided to do it the hard way. The finished basket wasn't the prettiest work I've ever done but hey it's going to hold fire, so does it really matter. You can buy premade charcoal baskets online but they are 4 - 5 times the price. The only negative thing I would say is that this piece of expanded metal is sharp, so use caution working with it.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from This grate fit perfectly for my needs!Thank you so much... This grate fit perfectly for my needs!Thank you so much for stocking it. I'd been looking to complete that project a few months because I couldn't find this piece otherwise. Now, I know to begin my searches with The Home Depot!Thank you
Rated 4 out of 5 by Dan from The actual size was slightly larger than the 24"X24" advertised.... The actual size was slightly larger than the 24"X24" advertised. Which, in todays world is surprising, where getting less is the norm. Consequently, I had to trim 2 sides to make it fit.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Charlie from Used it as an ember retainer on a fireplace grate.... Used it as an ember retainer on a fireplace grate. Since it is 24" and the grate is 18" I just bent the ends underneath it to hold it on. So far it works fine.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Greatmanyuses from This expanded metal is perfect for many uses, it works... This expanded metal is perfect for many uses, it works perfectly for my smokers, it holds 2 racks of ribs and a large pork shoulder perfectly!
Rated 5 out of 5 by JT from This expanded metal sheet or grid is heavy duty and was perfect for me to fabricate a wheel for a... This expanded metal sheet or grid is heavy duty and was perfect for me to fabricate a wheel for a custom made garden tool.
Almost everybody knows by now what is good by having a device that supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0 standard. It will charge...quickly. The negative is that if you have amassed a stockpile of USB chargers over the years, none of your old ones can give you the speedy refuel. With Aukey's QC 2.0-compatible charger going for just $7.99, or half off of the full $15.99, after a coupon code on Amazon, you can grab one without feeling its toll on your wallet.
That's even cheaper than the deal we posted just days ago for $10 each, which was quite popular itself.
This charger is simple, but effective. One port, one cord, one outlet, fast charging. The benefit of getting this Aukey one—beyond the discount—is that 900+ reviewers have already tried it and shared their thoughts, which are often very positive. And if you want to use it for non-QC 2.0 devices, it will charge them as quickly as they allow.
If you aren't a fan of the black version, there is also a white one for the same price. Just put in the coupon code 266PPQ4P at checkout and everything should work. Note that there is a limit of $8 discount, meaning there are no extra savings when you buy more than one.
Follow the source link to buy on Amazon.
The media circus surrounding the Dominique Strauss-Kahn rape case dishes out more drama each day, with a side of lurid fascination. But we basically know how the story ends. The narrative of the immigrant housekeeper allegedly assaulted by a European official perfectly illustrates an axiom of violence and power: the wider the gap between genders and races, the greater the latitude of injustice.*
Yet the same story plays out every day on an endless loop around the globe: a retaliatory rape against a young girl sends a warning to the enemy militia; a wife is pummeled into bloody silence, their bedroom beyond the purview of traditional local courts; a daughter is married off to pay down a farm debt. The stories weave into a pattern that a media-fatigued public has come to normalize.
To resensitize us to those numbing tragedies, an annual report of
Minority Rights
Group International documents the cruel synergy between being a woman and being the other on every continent. Young girls from the rural hill tribes of Thailand, who lack full citizenship rights, are “easy prey” for forced sex trafficking. Canadian First Nations women, long alienated from mainstream society, suffer epidemic rates of sexual assault as well as HIV/AIDS infection. Sexual and gender minority status often compound each other, as with the rash of “corrective rapes” targeting lesbians in South Africa.
Women of marginalized ethnicities suffer violence at the hands of their own, as well. Domestic violence is rampant in some indigenous communities, according to MRI, in large part because mainstream legal structures provide no protection or access to justice. The resulting erosion of the social fabric feeds into racialized stereotypes of moral deviance.
Tactical Rape
Rape has always been a potent tool for demarcating difference. During the war on indigenous Mayans that exploded across Guatemala a generation ago, MRI notes, mass rape was part of a military strategy to destroy communities from within:
According to the Truth Commission, the most under-reported human rights violation was the rape of indigenous women. No overall estimates as to the number of women affected exist. Of the 1,465 cases of rape that were documented by the Commission, 88.7 percent were of Mayan women and girls of all ages. As one survivor states: ‘it's the campesinos, the Indians, who get raped because they used to say we were animals, that's why they did it to us, because they thought we were worthless'.
The pattern plays out today in conflict zones like the Democratic Republic of Congo. Mark Lattimer, executive director of MRI, told Colorlines:
We're only now beginning to understand just how profound the effect can be when rape is used as a weapon of war. And from our point of view, looking specifically at the rights of minorities, we can see that in about three-quarters of the world's conflicts today, most of the violence is targeted either by ethnicity or by religion. So overwhelmingly, women who are being subjected to systematic sexual violence are from a particular ethnic or religious group that's being targeted.
Yak?n Erturkm, former United Nations special rapporteur on violence against women, describes violence against women as a threat coming from both inside and outside their communities:
As members of a minority group, they may be assaulted by members of the majority population and/or by agents of the state. … Such assaults, in turn, leave women in danger of further abuse and ostracism from within their own communities, where–due to a rigid, patriarchal morality code–they are accused of having “dishonored” themselves and their families.
Globalization breeds the impunity that enables violence against women. In countries that rely on imported labor–say, the United States–migrant women work in a shadow economy and live outside the law.
In Malaysia, for instance, reports of beatings and sexual abuse suffered by Indonesian domestic workers were widespread enough to prompt international intervention and attempts to reform labor regulations. Indonesia recently halted labor-export programs to Malaysia and Saudi Arabia, which is also known for its brutality to migrants. But in the end, the structure of discrimination remains intact, and one group of desperate workers is swapped for another. Human Rights Watch reports that in 2009, when Indonesia blocked workers from migrating to Malaysia, “recruiters from Malaysia turned to Cambodian workers instead.”
Sometimes, an ethnic or sectarian battle line hides gender oppression. As we've seen in the wake of the Arab Spring uprisings, as gender-based violence persists despite social change, women swept up in a popular struggle can become stuck in a “liberated” society on old constructs of patriarchy.
At Ms. Magazine blog, Lauren Bohn, recounted a moment at a March protest in Cairo's Tahrir Square that revealed that for many women, the revolution had not overturned a male-dominated power structure:
Reporting of that day has focused on the subsequent clashes between Christian and Muslim men. But what I saw first were men intent on breaking up the women's protest. “Go home,” one sheik, hoisted on the shoulders of another man, told women. Others shouted slogans such as “Not valid!” that had been used against Mubarak in the same space just weeks earlier. One man held up a sign reading “Not now,” arguing to me that the demonstrations were “instruments of the West.”
Redraw the Line
But more and more, women themselves are drawing their own battle line on two fronts, calling for empowerment of their communities as well as their own self-determination. The U.N. Organization for Women presents one example of an indigenous women's movement in Ecuador that fuses progress and tradition in an evolving legal system.
Traditionally, [indigenous community laws and] regulations have not addressed issues of violence against women. So, the women have developed their own ‘Regulations for Good Living' (Reglamentos de Buena Convivencia). …They aim to regulate family and community life and are in line with indigenous justice principles in relation to rehabilitation and reintegration. While the regulations leave the adjudication of serious crimes such as rape to state authorities, they condemn forms of physical, psychological and sexual violence, as well as restrictions on women's participation in public affairs and economic activities. Both men and women have been trained to promote the regulations in indigenous and state justice forums to increase women's access to justice and the realization of their rights.
The adage that you can judge a society's level of civility by the way it treats its women, tells only part of the story. It's true that systems of violence make excellent use of women's bodies–as weapons of war, currency for exploitation, or objects of genocide. But the strength borne of that violence can militate against tragedy, when women become the sheer embodiment of survival.
*This post has been altered since publication.
Police: Man arrested for putting soda in water cup at Springdale McDonald's The manager told police they tried to stop the suspects from driving away, but was hit by car
Keep clicking to see other crimes of "food passion." less An 18-year-old man was arrested after a McDonald's restaurant manager was struck by a car during a reported robbery in Springdale, Ark. on April 18, 2016. Police say the suspect, Cody Morris, attempted to put soda inside a water cup. An 18-year-old man was arrested after a McDonald's restaurant manager was struck by a car during a reported robbery in Springdale, Ark. on April 18, 2016. Police say the suspect, Cody Morris, attempted to put ... more Image 1 of / 34 Caption Close Police: Man arrested for putting soda in water cup at Springdale McDonald's 1 / 34 Back to Gallery
SPRINGDALE, Arkansas (WLWT-TV) —Cody Morris, 18, was arrested Monday for putting soda inside a water cup at a Springdale McDonald's, refusing to return the soda, according to the police report sent to 40/29 News.
The manager told police they tried to stop the suspects from driving away, but they were hit by their car, according to the report.
The manager for the McDonald's at 520 S. Thompson St. called police Monday to report a robbery, according to the report. The manager told police 3 people went through the drive thru and asked for three large waters. Those three parked, went into the restaurant, dumped out the water and then filled the cups with soda, the manager told police.
The manager asked the three people to return the soda. Two of them did, but one did not, the manager told police.
Then, the manager stood behind the suspect's car and tried to stop them from leaving, according to the report, but the car reversed and hit the manager. The manager tried to get the keys out of the ignition and was hit on the hand and then by the vehicle again, the manager told police.
Police found the vehicle at a bowling alley and arrested the driver, Cody Morris, according to the report.
The police report lists one charge against Morris - felony robbery. The Washington County Detention Center website shows Morris was booked into jail Tuesday and had a Rule 8.1 hearing scheduled for Friday morning.
Story originally published on WLWT.com.
Currently the only way to positively diagnose Alzheimer's Disease is through brain biopsy or postmortem autopsy, both unpleasant procedures. But last week, Eli Lilly and its wholly owned subsidiary, Avid Radiopharmaceuticals, announced FDA approval of Amyvid, a radioactive diagnostic agent used for brain imaging of beta-amyloid plaques. The presence of these plaques is a hallmark of Alzheimer's Disease, among other cognitive impairments. Amyvid is tagged with a radioisotope that binds to the amyloid plaques and produces a positron signal, which is detected by a Positron Emission Tomography (PET) scanner and is used to create a brain image.
Lilly was quick to emphasize that this is not an Alzheimer's diagnosis test. A negative Amyvid scan indicates sparse to no amyloid plaques are currently present, which is inconsistent with a neuropathological diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease and reduces the likelihood that the patient's cognitive impairment is due to Alzheimer's. Conversely, a positive Amyvid scan indicates moderate to frequent amyloid plaques are present, which may be indicative of Alzheimer's, but may also be due to other neurologic conditions or mere old age in people with normal cognition. Thus, Amyvid may only be used to rule out Alzheimer's in patients experiencing cognitive decline -- that is, having difficulty in forming clear, rational thoughts.
The FDA's approval of this brain-imaging agent is an encouraging step towards developing a diagnostic test. According to Daniel Skovronsky, president and CEO of Avid, it is currently estimated that one in five patients clinically diagnosed with probable Alzheimer's disease during life do not end up having the disease pathology upon autopsy. Amyvid may assist physicians, in conjunction with other diagnostic evaluations, in ruling out Alzheimer's Disease in patients experiencing cognitive impairment, so that appropriate therapies may be pursued.
Amyvid will become available in a limited number of radiopharmacy imaging centers this June, with the goal of more widespread distribution in the near future. The road to gaining FDA approval for Amyvid has been a long one, though. The idea for Amyvid originated with Avid when it was an independent company. Lilly acquired Avid in late 2010, with bonus payments contingent upon future regulatory and commercial milestones for the imaging compound.
Development progressed quickly after the acquisition completed, and last spring Eli Lilly was anticipating FDA approval for this molecular imaging agent, which Lilly thought could revolutionize Alzheimer's diagnosis. But the FDA unexpectedly chose to accept an expert panel's recommendation to reject the drug. The rejection focused on Lilly's need to establish a reader training program for market implementation to ensure reader accuracy and consistency of interpretations for Amyvid scans. Lilly implemented such training programs, and the FDA has now approved the beta-amyloid detection agent for limited use.
Alzheimer's disease has had a strong presence in the news over the past several months, between the Obama administration announcing a funding boost, the National Institute on Aging and the Alzheimer's Association releasing new guidelines for classifying Alzheimer's disease, and a known cancer treatment drug demonstrating efficacy in reversing Alzheimer's symptoms in mice. The FDA's approval of this negative diagnosis test presents yet another step towards fully understanding, and eventually treating and preventing, this terrible disease.
Controversy recently ignited when a popular Northern California restaurant posted a sign aggressively banning unruly children and babies from their establishment.
Yesterday, on the heels of this, I shared an old post I wrote about the divide between parents and non-parents, which, if the collection of comments and emails and death threats I receive whenever I post something on The Huffington Post is any indication, seems pretty wide these days.
Whether you've read that old post of mine or not, you probably assume I'm outraged at the restaurant for its “no loud kids” policy, like a lot of my fellow parents. But I actually don't have a problem with it.
Funny thing about parents: we hate kids.
Nobody hates kids more than parents. Nobody.
Let me clarify: notwithstanding the fact that I joke a lot about hating my own kid, I love them more than anything and will not hesitate to go full Orlando Bloom on someone if they attempt to mock him, or harm him, in any way. As the children's book says, I love Detective Munch to the moon and back (even if I occasionally wish I could make that trip a reality for him).
But that doesn't mean I love your son. Or your daughter.
Becoming a parent changes your perspective on a lot of things. One of the primary things it changes is how you feel about other parents. Despite my resistance to joining the Parenting Borg, and my reluctance to surrender my identity to the all-encompassing label of “Dad”, when I became a parent I couldn't help but identify with other members of my tribe. Suddenly, I was empathizing with them.
Before I had a kid of my own, not only did I find it impossible to empathize with a harried mom or a stressed dad trying to control a tantrum-ing toddler – shut that baby UP! – I didn't even bother to try to sympathize with them. Instead I just blamed them, for not being able to control their kids, for being shitty parents, for bringing such an obnoxious, ungrateful kid into the world. It was naive and intolerant and pretty gross. And once I had an obnoxious, ungrateful, unruly kid of my own to contend with, I woke up.
I stopped blaming parents and I started putting the blame where it belongs: on the kids.
Kids suck. And no kids suck more than Other People's Kids.
It's not their fault, most of the time; they're just kids. But that doesn't necessarily mean it's their parents fault either. Again: THEY'RE JUST KIDS. Obviously there are exceptions: if your kid is going H.A.M in public and you're blithely scrolling your Facebook page, oblivious or apathetic to the disruption/destruction, and you don't even bother to correct or at least contain the situation? You are the problem. But assuming you are an attentive parent whose kid's kidness is just getting the better of them? You'll get nothing but sympathy from me.
But I hate your kids. And I don't want to be around them. I'll tolerate them, and I'll empathize with what you're going through because I've been through it myself, but that doesn't mean I'll be happy about it. Parents deserve time away from kids as much as non-parents do. Hell, we might deserve it more!
Which is why a restaurant banning kids is A-OK with me. And I bet you'd be surprised at how many parents agree.
With all due respect to the psycho childless – sorry, childfree – people who attack parent bloggers every time they don't get a joke – nobody hates kids more than we do.
You think they're annoying at restaurants and on planes and in stores? We live with them. We deal with their bullshit every day. No one needs a break from them more than us. Despite all the controversy and uproar, I bet that NorCal restaurant is fucking JAMMED with parents this weekend – parents who left their kids with a sitter and ran to the childless oasis that this eatery has now become.
(I know, I know; we made the choice to have kids, it's our problem, we need to stop inflicting our kids on other people. Cool, man. Do you kiss your mother with that intolerant, hateful mouth?)
Yes, I'm a parent. And I love my kid. And I understand how difficult kids can often be. So you'll get no judgment from me. But neither will a business that chooses to draw a line. Because I remember what it was like to not have kids, and before you become a parent, it's understandable that you might want to take advantage of the perks of that lifestyle. God knows when I have a chance to get out without the kids, Mom and Buried and I don't go to Chuck E. Cheese.
(I know it's hard to believe, but parents and non-parents are both people, and while neither group deserves special treatment, both groups have equal rights. We can all get along and co-exist and even share space in public places, like airplanes and restaurants and movie theaters. The key is to not be dicks to each other.)
So I'm all for the occasional banning of children at local restaurants. (Emphasis on “occasional”. I have no problem bringing my kid to a bar once in a while, and leaving when they become an issue. If all restaurants suddenly went anti-kid, my day-drinking would take a major hit!) Sure, it can be a little inconvenient, since neither babysitters nor the money they cost grows on trees. But this is America, we have a lot of options. After exercising the one that allows me to have as many kids as I want, I can accept the fact that some people want to live without them, even if it's just for a few hours.
More power to the owners of that restaurant. But they shouldn't expect an invite to my son's birthday party.
Share this: Facebook
Email
Reddit
Pinterest
Pocket
Twitter
Print
More
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
Mud volcanoes, unlike many others, do not extrude lava. Instead, they release glutinous bubbling brown slurry of mineral-rich water and sediment. They range in size from several kilometres across, to less than a metre – the little ones are known as mud pots, reflecting their diminutive nature. The world's largest, though, is Lusi: a mud volcano in East Java that released an astonishing 180,000 cubic metres of fluid each day during the peak of its 2006 eruption. It's likely to continue erupting for another 26 years!
Much of the gas that bubbles up through these muddy pools is methane, though the exact mix of gasses varies from site to site and is tied to other geological activity in the region, with those close to igneous volcanoes often releasing less methane than those associated with clathrate deposits. Small bubbles of gas can coalesce to form a much larger one, which, on reaching the surface, bursts and sends flecks of clayey fluid asunder, just as they do here:
By Sara Mynott, EGU Communications Officer
Imaggeo is the EGU's open access geosciences image repository. Photos uploaded to Imaggeo can be used by scientists, the press and the public provided the original author is credited. Photographers also retain full rights of use, as Imaggeo images are licensed and distributed by the EGU under a Creative Commons licence. You can submit your photos here.
I wouldn't say I was a tomboy growing up, but I would (still) choose a Tonka Truck over a Barbie Doll any day of the week. In fact, one of my parents' favorite story to tell is when I cried after my cousin gave me a Barbie Doll for Christmas (not tears of joy, sorry PJ!) My friend circles have always consisted of a male majority; I just didn't get along with other girls – unless they were a girl that made similar complaints of other females. And so for years I thought I was just “one of those girls” that couldn't/wouldn't get along with other girls.
Whiny, shallow, impatient, self-indulgent, competitive, naggy! Ugh. Frustrating. A closer look and these were the things I didn't care for in myself either which doubled my generalized dislike. Why would I want to spend my time around other people that reflected all of the things that irritated me about myself? That just doesn't make sense.
Today most of my inner-circle has a bit more balance – the male population still maintains a slight majority, but I have A LOT more girlfriends than I used to. Where did this shift happen? I grew up and I realized that it wasn't females in general that I had an issue with; I had an issue with whiny, shallow impatient, self-indulgent PEOPLE and for some (very sad) reason I linked all of these traits to females. So what I got was a buttload of those girls murking up my ability to attract women that share my beliefs and appreciations. I blame Disney movies and Clueless. I spent so much time trying to repel them that they were shipped right to my front door, in spades.
There are women out there (Hello!) that can gab about philosophy, politics, world religion, birthing dreams, miracles just as easily as they can throw out make-up tips, celebrity crushes, and guilty foodie pleasures. These are the women I want in my life. There is far too much competition in life and we are supposed to uplift one another – ladies, we are the source! Far too much dark and ugly in this world for us not inspire one another to shine WAY out loud!
So if you're one of “those girls” that doesn't like other girls – take it from an ex-hater and take a closer look at your beliefs surrounding gender stereotypes.
Advertisements
The Feyenoord squad is undertaking a winter training camp in Portugal ahead of returning to action on
Advertisement
The European winter break is the perfect time for clubs to whisk their players away for a spot of warm weather training and team-bonding – perhaps someone should have let the Feyenoord squad know.
Team-mates Miquel Nelom and Tonny Vilhena had to be separated on the training pitch on Thursday as they came to blows during the Dutch club's training camp in Albufeira, Portugal.
Despite their best efforts, team-mates and manager Giovanni van Bronckhorst were unable to avoid the furious bust-up escalating as the club trained at the Alfamar Beach & Sport Resort.
Feyenoord team-mates Tonny Vilhena (right) and Miquel Nelom came to blows during a training session during a camp in Portugal
Manager Giovanni van Bronckhorst (far left) attempts to diffuse the row as Rick Karsdorp (second left) attempts to hold Nelom back
Team-mates struggle to hold the pair back – goalkeeper Kenneth Vermeer (second right) and Sven van Beek (far right) pull Vilhena away
MEN AT THE CENTRE OF BUST-UP Miquel Nelom The 25-year-old left back joined Feyenoord from Excelsior in 2011 and went on to earn two international caps for Holland in 2013. Tonny Vilhena The talented central midfielder turned 21 on Sunday. Vilhena, who has 22 caps for Holland U21s, was a transfer target for Southampton last January. Giovanni van Bronckhorst The Feyenoord head coach took charge of the that they started and ended their career at last summer. They played for Holland 106 times and also had spells at Arsenal and Barcelona.
Full back Nelom and midfielder Vilhena were pictured charging towards one another as team-mates Rick Karsdorp, Kenneth Vermeer and Sven van Beek along with former Arsenal and Barcelona defender Van Bronckhorst desperately attempted to hold the pair back.
They failed to restrain the feisty duo as both were seen landing kicks on each other as they clashed in what appeared to be wholly unsavoury scenes.
Van Bronckhorst, a former Holland international, played a key role in trying to separate Nelom and Vilhena and was pictured rushing into the action before stepping between the raging team-mates.
In one picture, goalkeeper Vermeer and centre back Van Beek can be seen frantically pulling on Vilhena's training bib and arm as they attempt to restrain the Dutch midfielder during the angry feud.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Karim El Ahmadi, who left the Midlands club in 2014, was also present during the row but played a more passive role in attempting to diffuse the situation.
Vilhena, who turned 21 earlier this week, is a talented midfielder who has come through Feyenoord's academy and has been capped 22 times by Holland Under 21s.
Vilhena has been heavily linked with a switch to the Premier League with Southampton having worked under their manager Ronald Koeman before they moved from Holland to the south coast.
Vilhena (far right) plants their studs into the groin area of defender Nelom as Karsdorp steps in to separate the fuming duo
Former Arsenal and Barcelona full back Van Bronckhorst gets between the players as they continue to exchange verbals
Nelom (left) is restrained by team-mate Karsdorp after the pair are finally pulled apart as the furious bust-up comes to an end
Nelom, a 25-year-old left back, joined the Rotterdam-based club from Dutch rivals Excelsior in 2011 and has played more than 100 times for Feyenoord.
It has been reported in Holland that the bust-up broke out after Vilhena reacted angrily to a tackle by Nelom as the Feyenoord players continued their preparations ahead of the return of the Eredivisie season later this month.
Feyenoord, currently third behind Ajax and PSV at the top of Dutch top flight, can leapfrog the Eindhoven-based club when they take on PSV at the Stadion Feijenoord on January 17 in their first league match of 2016.
Van Bronckhorst's side will be keen to hit the ground running in this year after suffering a 3-1 defeat by NEC in their final match of 2015 – only the club's third defeat of the campaign.
Feyenoord, who have not been Dutch champions since the 1998-99 season, are five points adrift of leaders Ajax at the halfway stage and a further two behind PSV.
Vilhena (right) is restrained by Feyenoord goalkeeper Vermeer (centre) as ex-Aston Villa Karim El Ahmadi tries to calm Vilhena down
It has been reported in Holland that the row broke out after Vilhena reacted angrily to a tackle by full back Nelom
Vermeer (centre) has words with Vilhena (right) as El Ahmadi leads the midfielder away by their hand following the confrontation
Were We a Nation under God from the Start? BU input in Smithsonian's American religious artifacts exhibition
The United States remains the most religious nation in the industrialized world, according to an international survey. Yet the government's national museum complex, the Smithsonian Institution, has never mounted an exhibition on how faith played out in the cradle of the country. Its National Museum of American History will address that omission two summers hence, when it opens Religion in Early America, an exhibition that will boast priceless artifacts as well as a BU pedigree.
The exhibition's guest curator, Peter Manseau, is a scholar and author who was an administrator in the College of Arts & Sciences religion department for two years in the early 2000s. Assisting them is Stephen Prothero, a CAS religion professor, the primary academic advisor to the Smithsonian's broader initiative in religious education, which was inspired by Prothero's work on the PBS series God in America and their writings on religious literacy.
Manseau's backstory is worth its own exhibition. The son of a censured Catholic priest who refused to resign despite marrying a nun and fathering children—a story Manseau recounted in their memoir Vows—he says the exhibition will aim to hit three marks in educating the public: religious “diversity, freedom, and growth” in colonial and early America.
The diversity leg will surprise those who assume non-Christian religions are a modern arrival on these shores. Among the display items will be an Islamic text written by a Muslim slave in Georgia. “Many of the slaves who came from West Africa…were Muslims,” although many were forced to abandon their practice, Prothero says. Other items will include George Washington's christening gown; Roger Williams' compass, used by Rhode Island's founder to find their way there after their banishment from the Massachusetts colony over theological disagreements; the Bible on which Washington swore the presidential oath; the Jefferson Bible, famously shorn by the third president of all passages referring to miracles; and a Revolution-era Torah scroll.
For all the country's religiosity, then and now, Prothero sees a countercultural aspect to the exhibition. “I think there's nervousness in almost all public institutions now around religion—whether it's public schools, public universities, or national museums—that it's a kind of hot-button issue with all the culture wars stuff going on.” Focusing on the republic's early days sidesteps modern controversies, they say: “You're not having to talk about Jerry Falwell.” Yet it might still remind people of the debate between the religious right, whose members insist that the United States was founded as a Judeo-Christian nation and has strayed from God, and those who say the Enlightenment-inspired, mostly Protestant founders consciously erected barriers to the religious antagonisms that had torn Europe for centuries.
This debate leads to what Prothero hopes will be the crucial takeaway from the exhibition: “Religion matters. Whether you're religious or not, whether you think religion is stupid, whether you think God exists, is irrelevant. Religion has a huge impact on personal lives, but also on politics, economics, history.”
By focusing on individual Americans and their religious objects, Manseau says, “we hope visitors will learn that the story of religion in early America was not only about churches and worship, but about individuals, communities, and beliefs and practices that influenced every aspect of life.”
For a prolific author like Prothero, whose most recent book is The American Bible: How Our Words Unite, Divide, and Define a Nation, working on a museum exhibition—which seeks short, fact-based descriptions of its objects—was a departure from the freedom afforded by books to expound at length and to be opinionated. “When you have a card over an object, you might have 40 words,” they say. “You can't get into a whole lot of Christian nation debate.”
Introduction to Mantle & Overcoat for iOS & OSX
Limitless Virtual Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 16, 2015
Any experienced iOS & OSX developer knows that working with RESTful JSON web services can be cumbersome & complicated. From parsing responses to serializing for requests, it sometimes ain't pretty.
In comes Mantle, a model layer framework written by the folks at GitHub which assists with mapping JSON to models and vice versa. Mantle is a wrapper for NSCoder which eliminates a lot of boiler plate code that we would usually need to implement.
The Model
Once you have setup Mantle within your project you can start creating your models. Imagine our JSON for a specific movie looked like this:
{
“id”: 1,
“title”: “Inception”,
“description”: “A thief who steals corporate secrets through use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.”,
“release_date”: “2010–07–16",
“rating”: 8.8
}
Our Mantle Model Class (Movie.h) will look like this:
#import <Mantle/Mantle.h>
@interface Movie : MTLModel <MTLJSONSerializing>
As you can see, all we do is subclass MTLModel and implement MTLJSONSerializing.
Now we need to specify in our implementation (Movie.m) how to map our JSON to the model:
+ (NSDictionary*)JSONKeyPathsByPropertyKey {
return @{
@”movieId”: @”id”,
@”title”: @”title”,
@”description”: @”description”,
@”releaseDate”: @”release_date”,
@”rating”: @”rating”
};
}
As you can see the dictionary keys (left) are our model properties and the values (right) are the JSON properties. In the event that we have a very_ugly_and_non_standard JSON key, we can map it a more readable and precise model property. E.g: Changing release_date to camel case.
Value Transforming
Mantle automatically handles strings and numbers but what about other data types? In our Movie class we have a releaseDate which is of type NSDate but the corresponding JSON is a string. Mantle provides functionality to transform values back and forth between types. We need to implement the following methods (Movie.m):
+ (NSDateFormatter*)dateFormatter {
NSDateFormatter *dateFormatter = [[NSDateFormatter alloc] init];
dateFormatter.dateFormat = @”yyyy-MM-dd”;
return dateFormatter;
}
+ (NSValueTransformer *)releaseDateJSONTransformer {
return [MTLValueTransformer reversibleTransformerWithForwardBlock:^(NSString *str) {
return [self.dateFormatter dateFromString:str];
} reverseBlock:^(NSDate *date) {
return [self.dateFormatter stringFromDate:date];
}];
}
First we created a method to return a NSDateFormatter with the correct date format. Secondly we created a method that specifies that we will use the above mentioned formatter on our releaseDate property.
The template to create a transformer for a property is as follows:
+ (NSValueTransformer*)propertyNameTransformer;
The JSON Adapter
Now that we have our Movie Model setup, how do we use it?
Let's assume for now that we have pulled the JSON from our API using our favourite networking framework and parsed the JSON into a dictionary.
Using the MTLJSONAdapter class we can convert JSON to our Model:
Movie *movie = [MTLJSONAdapter modelOfClass:[Movie class] fromJSONDictionary:movieDictionary error:&error];
To convert our Model back to JSON:
NSDictionary *movieDictionary = [MTLJSONAdapter JSONDictionaryFromModel:movie];
Persistence
Our Movie Model adheres to NSCoder so we could store and fetch it:
//Store
[NSKeyedArchiver archiveRootObject:movie toFile:@"movie_file"];
//Fetch
Movie *fetchedMovie = [NSKeyedArchiver unarchiveObjectWithFile:@"movie_file"];
Although using the above methods are useful, the real strength of Mantle is that is works seamlessly with Core Data.
Core Data
We firstly create our Core Data Movie Entity as usual with the properties specified in our model.
Secondly we specify in our Model (Movie.h) that we will be implementing MTLManagedObjectSerializing:
#import <Mantle/Mantle.h>
@interface Movie : MTLModel <MTLJSONSerializing, MTLManagedObjectSerializing>
Lastly we specify in the model implementation (Movie.m) the entity name and the mappings:
+(NSString *)managedObjectEntityName {
return @”Movie”;
}
//We return an empty dictionary because the property names are identical in the class and entity
+ (NSDictionary *)managedObjectKeysByPropertyKey {
return @{};
}
The Managed Object Adapter
Now that we have everything setup, we can insert an existing Movie object into Core Data as so:
NSManagedObject *managedMovie = [MTLManagedObjectAdapter managedObjectFromModel:movie insertingIntoContext:moc error:&error];
To fetch a model from Core Data we fetch the managed object and then use the adapter to convert it to our Mantle model:
Movie *movie = [MTLManagedObjectAdapter modelOfClass:[Movie class] fromManagedObject:object error:&error];
The Scenario
Imagine we needed to pull a list of movies from our API thus we would need to do the following:
Execute the network request.
Create a new NSValueTransformer that uses the built-in Mantle JSON array transformer for the Movie class.
Use the transformer on the response to create Movie objects.
Optional: Insert the objects into Core Data.
That's potentially a lot of repeatable code (bold) that will need to be written for every request in our app:
//A dummy api client example
[apiClient GET:"movies" success:^(id response) {
NSArray *results = response.results;
NSValueTransformer *transformer;
transformer = [NSValueTransformer mtl_JSONArrayTransformerWithModelClass:[Movie class]];
NSArray* movies = [transformer transformedValue:results];
}];
On top of this, mapping could take along time and should be handled in a background queue.
Enter Overcoat.
Overcoat
Overcoat is a small but powerful library that makes creating REST clients simple and fun. It provides a simple API for making requests and mapping responses to model objects.
Overcoat is the perfect accessory to Mantle and is built on top of the popular AFNetworking framework.
Setup the Client
Firstly we need to create a client class that will consume our API which subclasses OVCHTTPSessionManager (APIClient.h):
#import <Overcoat/Overcoat.h>
@interface APIClient : OVCHTTPSessionManager
Note: Applications targeting OS X 10.8 or iOS 6.0 must subclass OVCHTTPRequestOperationManager instead.
Secondly we need to map our API URL paths to our models. E.g: /movies and /movies/1 by implementing the following method (APIClient.m):
+ (NSDictionary *)modelClassesByResourcePath {
return @{
@”movies/*”: [Movie class]
};
}
You don't need to specify the full path, and you can use * to match any text or # to match only digits.
Using the Client
Now that our client is setup, lets pull a list of movies as done before:
//Create our client
APIClient *apiClient = [[APIClient alloc] initWithBaseURL:[NSURL URLWithString:kAPIBaseUrl]];
//Fetch the movies
[apiClient GET:@”movies” parameters:nil completion:^(OVCResponse *response, NSError *error) {
NSArray *users = response.result; // Array of Movie objects!
}];
Thats it! No more boiler code on every request. By subclassing OVCHTTPSessionManager and implementing the required method, we can now call different URLs and Overcoat will automatically convert the response to our Mantle objects!
Core Data Integration
If you initialize the APIClient with a valid NSManagedObjectContext, Overcoat will automatically persist any models that were parsed from the response if the model implements MTLManagedObjectSerializing.
Conclusion & Further Reading
You now have the arsenal to create clean & powerful iOS applications that make consuming a RESTful API a breeze. The following points should allow for further reading:
The woman who racially abused a Muslim woman in Huntly has exclusively spoken to Newshub, admitting she's embarrassed and angry with herself, and desperately in need of help.
Megan Walton battles a combination of mental illnesses and they and their family say they feel let down by the health system.
On Monday the 27-year-old pleaded guilty to three charges, including two of assault, over the attack on Muslim woman Mehpara Khan and their friends.
"I'm really sorry that they got treated like that and had to see something like that," Walton said.
"It's disgusting and I'm sorry. But that isn't who I am."
Walton says she's not racist and even told Newshub their own mother is Muslim.
Now they and their family want the country to know she's is struggling to get the help they need for bipolar disorder, social anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder.
"I just need someone to help. I've been asking for help for ages and I'm too embarrassed now," Walton says.
"You can't just give someone a pill and say they're going to be okay because that's not how it works."
Walton's older sister Phillippa says the family has tried to help her, but they've exhausted all options.
"On the numerous occasions we've rung - I can't count how many - there's nothing they can do, or they'll speak to Megan and say, 'oh she's okay'," Phillippa said.
"Or we'll take them to the hospital and sit in emergency for six or seven hours, then be told 'oh they look okay because the episode's past now.'"
Phillippa believes the mental health system has let their sister down.
"You see these ads everywhere and posters everywhere that say it's okay to ask for help and they encourage people to ask for help," they said.
"But then when you do ask for help and you get let down, and you get told your case isn't as bad as this case.
"Something needs to change. Someone needs to get up and do their job because we've got people walking around who don't have anyone and they're so alone."
Walton says they genuinely want help.
"I want to be able to work. I want to be a personal trainer. I want to own a gym one day," they say.
Ms Khan, the woman who was attacked, says they hope Walton receives all the help and support they need, and they want them to know she's forgiven.
Newshub.
Fox contributor Lauren Ashburn complained that "it's just not fair" for critics to hold Fox News accountable for any misinformation and biased commentary made on-air by the network's paid hosts and contributors, suggesting the network shouldn't be held responsible for a recent conspiracy theory about the timing of Benghazi suspect Ahmed Abu Khattala's capture, which originated on Fox.
Khattala was taken into U.S. custody on June 17 for their role in helping lead the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi, Libya.
Fox News hosts and correspondents began immediately questioning the curious timing of Khattala's capture, speculating that it was intended to help Hillary Clinton's book tour and Fox News interview, ignoring the months of planning and preparation spent prior to Khattala's capture. The network even attempted to legitimize its hosts' conspiracy theories by pretending the speculation originated outside of the network.
On the June 22 edition of Fox News' MediaBuzz, Ashburn defended their network, complaining "it's just not fair" for critics to hold Fox News accountable for the conspiracy theories pushed by its hosts and contributors on-air if their commentary isn't an official statement from the network. Discussing criticisms the network received for questioning the timing of the Benghazi suspect's capture, Ashburn said, "the more outlandish the comments, the more the websites are going to say 'oh my gosh, Fox News said this, and they made this point,' and it's funny because Fox News didn't say that, those individual contributors said that." Ashburn concluded "it's just not fair to do that":
The number of people living in severely crowded housing has jumped a massive 31 per cent despite ambitious Gillard government initiatives to combat homelessness and improve indigenous housing.
Figures drawn for the first time from ABS census data reveal that almost 18,000 of the 41,370 people living in severely crowded accommodation are born overseas - either immigrants or visa holders.
Almost 18,000 of the 41,370 people living in severely crowded homes were born overseas. Credit:Justin McManus
A further 21,000 are Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people living in remote areas of the Northern Territory, Queensland and Western Australia. The average number of indigenous people in a dwelling is 12.
New ABS analysis, compiled from 2011 census data redefined through the Canadian national occupancy standard, defines severe crowding as where four or more extra bedrooms are required to accommodate people in acceptable conditions.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 22, 2014, 5:01 PM GMT / Updated June 22, 2014, 5:01 PM GMT
Residents of bulging metropolises around the world should brace for an increase in stagnant, polluted air that hangs around for days as a result of climate change-related shifts in wind and rainfall patterns, according to a new study.
The findings highlight one way global warming can compromise human health, which is a major thrust behind the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's recently proposed plan to curb power plant carbon emissions 30 percent by the year 2030, said Janice Nolen, an assistant vice president at the American Lung Association in Washington.
Sign up for Science news delivered to your inbox.
Poor air quality is related to a range of heart and lung complications that the World Health Organization estimates cause 3.7 million premature deaths a year.
"As we are doing pollution planning, we have to begin to make sure that we are including the climate change impacts," said Nolen, who was not part of the new study but was asked to comment on its implications.
The research should keep the pressure on cities such as Los Angeles, Phoenix, and Salt Lake City to clean up pollutants from cars, trucks, and wood-burning stoves — the sources of ozone and tiny airborne particles that make air unhealthy to breathe, they said.
"Air stagnation by itself is not necessarily a bad thing for public health, for us," said Daniel Horton, a research fellow in earth system science at Stanford University in California and the study's lead author. "You still need the pollutant component in there."
What is air stagnation?
Stagnant air is a natural meteorological phenomenon driven by a convergence of three atmospheric patterns: light winds near the surface, light winds higher in the atmosphere, and a lack of rain, Horton explained. Without rain or wind, the tiny particles that sear lungs, clog arteries, and turn eyes red hang in the air.
Horton and their colleagues fine-tuned an ensemble of global climate models to accurately simulate air stagnation events in the past and then ran them to get a view of air stagnation as this century progresses under a so-called business-as-usual scenario in which greenhouse gases continue to accumulate in the atmosphere at the current rate.
The models project that increased air stagnation by the end of the 21st century will affect areas covering about 55 percent of the world's population. Some regions will see up to 40 additional days a year of stagnant air.
"Potential impacts over India, Mexico, and the western US are particularly acute owing to the intersection of large populations and increases in the persistence of stagnation events, including those of extreme duration," Horton and colleagues write in the journal Nature Climate Change.
Los Angeles air quality to worsen
The models used in the new study, Horton said, lack the fine-scale resolution needed to describe impacts to specific metropolitan regions, where local features such as the mountains influence weather patterns.
The findings do, however, dovetail with preliminary results from a project that is examining climate change impacts on Los Angeles, a city known for poor air quality, according to Alex Hall, a climate scientist at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Their group's work shows air temperatures in the Los Angeles region increase more aloft than at the surface, which creates a "lid" on the air near the surface. "Emissions of pollutants into this pool of air would become more concentrated, reducing air quality," they said in an email.
"Some version of this story would occur throughout the world, especially in the tropics and subtropics" as predicted by Horton and their colleagues, they said.
To lessen the impact, Horton said, "Limiting the amount of carbon dioxide emitted would certainly help."
When you walk outside into sweltering heat or biting cold, your body responds by sweating or shivering to regulate body temperature. It starts with cells in your skin called thermoreceptor neurons, which sense the temperature of your environment and send that information to the brain for processing. But how does the brain process this information to initiate behavioral responses such as sweating, shivering, or pulling your hand from a hot pan? Two studies published together in Nature have mapped the brain's representation of temperature in fruit flies, and the findings will provide more insights into how our own human bodies tick.
Fruit flies are a great model for studying how the brain processes temperature. Because even a small temperature change can be deadly to these tiny insects (they can't regulate their own body temperature internally), fruit flies need a quick and efficient system for sensing dangerous temperatures and escaping. Although humans have more options for responding to uncomfortable temperatures, the brain's logic for representing temperature is likely similar in both species.
Previously, fly researchers had found that fruit flies have “hot” and “cold” thermoreceptor neurons in their antenna, similar to the ones we have in our skin. The “hot cells” are activated by heat while the “cold cells” are activated by cold. Interestingly, each cell type is also inhibited by the other temperature—heat makes it harder for cold cells to be activated, and vice versa.
Thermoreceptor neurons from the antenna relay temperature signals to projection neurons in the brain. Image modified from Thermoreceptor neurons from the antenna relay temperature signals to projection neurons in the brain. Image modified from Florence and Reiser, 2015
These thermoreceptor neurons are the first step for temperature sensing in the fruit fly, but what's the next step? How does this temperature information get processed in the brain? In their recently published papers, Frank et al. and Liu et al. used different approaches to answer these questions.
Both groups independently discovered neurons that receive information from the hot and cold cells in the antenna and carry it to the brain. These cells, called projection neurons (PNs), can be separated into three main groups: cold-PNs, which are activated by the cold thermoreceptor neurons; hot-PNs activated by the hot thermoreceptor neurons; and mixed-PNs, which receive information from both types of thermoreceptor neurons and are activated by rapid temperature changes in both directions. Frank and colleagues found that the mixed-PNs were important for fruit flies to recognize and quickly escape from dangerous temperature environments.
Cold projection neurons are directly activated by cold thermoreceptor neurons. In contract, hot projection neurons are not only directly activated by hot thermoreceptor neurons, but also indirectly activated when the cold pathway is inhibited by heat. Image modified from Cold projection neurons are directly activated by cold thermoreceptor neurons. In contract, hot projection neurons are not only directly activated by hot thermoreceptor neurons, but also indirectly activated when the cold pathway is inhibited by heat. Image modified from Florence and Reiser, 2015
These results suggest that the fruit flies' temperature-sensing system is relatively straightforward: hot and cold information each has its own pathway to the brain. In a small group of PNs, this information also overlaps to provide the brain with a quick escape warning, regardless of whether the dangerous temperature is too high or low.
But Liu and colleagues obtained more results that remind us that brains are never as simple as we expect. The researchers found that hot-PNs not only receive input from the hot pathway, but they are also affected by the cold pathway. Under cool conditions, the hot-PNs are suppressed by the cold pathway and unable to activate. As the environment gets warmer, however, hot-PNs are activated by the hot thermoreceptor neurons and also released from the cold pathway's inhibitory influence. Florence and Reiser worded it best in their Nature review on these studies:
Liu et al. revealed that hot projection neurons exploit both the excitatory ‘getting hotter' signal from the hot receptors and the inhibitory ‘getting less cold' signal from the cold receptors, and suggest that this not-quite-redundant use of both pathways leads to more-sensitive measurements of temperature change.
So what happens to the temperature information after the PNs carry it to the brain? Both groups found that the PNs connect with brain regions important for learned and instinctual behaviors. The next research step will therefore be to uncover the processes by which these brain regions initiate behaviors to protect the fly—whether it be a simple quick escape, or storing a memory of a dangerous place.
References:
Sure, digital design apps might be finally coming into their own, but there's still nothing better than pen and paper. Here at Co.Design, we're notebook fetishists, so we recently asked a slew of designers about their favorites—and whether they would mind giving us a look inside.
advertisement
advertisement
It turns out they didn't. Across multiple disciplines, almost every designer we asked was thrilled to tell us about their notebook of choice and give us a look at how they use it. Our operating assumption going in was that most designers would probably be pretty picky about their notebooks, but this turned out not to be true: While Muji and Moleskine notebooks were the common favorites, some even preferred loose paper. But what makes the notebooks of designers special isn't so much what notebook they use, as how they use them. Below, enjoy a peek inside the working notebooks of some of the most prolific designers today—as well as their thoughts on what makes a great one. Gadi Amit: President And Principal Designer, NewDealDesign “[My favorite notebook] is plain, simple tracing paper, (Bienfang's Parchment 100), and a medium-width felt-tip pen, such as Flair's PaperMate. Yet I am not picky. Anything goes, ballpoint, pencil, and more. “It's just a quick (and dirty!) way of getting to the core of ideas quickly and moving forward.” Michael Bierut: Partner, Pentagram “Since 1982, I've been using slightly different versions of the same 7-1/2 by 9-3/4-inch school composition book. I save all of them and am now on number 110. I never go anywhere without my notebook. They are so important to me that the first chapter in my new book is dedicated to them, and I reproduce nine spreads from them at actual size. At my recent retrospective at the School of Visual Arts Gallery, an entire room was dedicated to them. “I like them because they are inexpensive, easy to find, and anything but precious. I could never use a leather-bound notebook. This page is about 20 years old and shows sketches for a logo for my brother Donald's business.”
advertisement
Joe Brown: Designer, Ideo “I use the Muji thread-bound A6 notebook. “For under $3, it's the perfect thing for capturing quotes, notes, and ideas without feeling so precious that I'm afraid to make a mark. It has the added benefits of being a) perfectly pocketable—fitting snugly in the back pocket of any pair of jeans—and b) precisely sized to support a three-by-five-inch pad of Post-its. If you've ever tried to brainstorm standing up, it's devilishly difficult to draw with a floppy pad of Post-its, so having a notebook as a backstop is magic.” Robert Fabricant: Principal, Design Impact Group, Dalberg “A number of years ago, I was headed down to Austin for SXSW and realized that I had forgotten a notebook. I happened to be in JFK so popped into the Muji store in T5 and grabbed a storyboard notebook, which has a preprinted grid of eight boxes on each page. The notebooks are super-cheap—around $2—as they are printed on recycled paper. You can also buy a sleeve for them, which is made of the same material as the brown patches on the back of your blue jeans, which I custom silk-screen. I generally go through two to three notebooks a year. “I used to be one of those people who took copious notes in client meetings, which I rarely referred back to. As I got to be a bit more senior, I realized that there was a healthy digital trail for most meetings—agendas, files, and electronic meeting notes that were far more accurate than what I was capturing. So what was left? “In most meetings, there are a few choice quotes, metaphors, or data points that really strike me, so I began capturing these visually. They serve as a sort of mnemonic device. For each meeting, I generally fill out a page or two of these little squares, which I can easily skim to remember not just the content but the intent of the discussion. These storyboards also give me license to doodle, which helps me to maintain my focus as a visual person.” Nicholas Felton: Information Designer, Feltron “My notebook of choice for the last 15 years has been the Muji grid-line B5 notebook [for] several reasons: It has a stitched binding that allows it to lay flat without cracking the spine like a perfectly bound notebook. The notebooks are thin enough to allow a pen to clip into the notebook at any page. I love the size of the page, and the contrast and scale of the grid lines are just right.”
advertisement
Raul Gutierrez: Founder and CEO, Tinybop “I've kept notebooks since I was a kid. I go through phases and swap them out every few years. I buy notebooks obsessively, usually a couple at a time. Right now, I'm using Magma notebooks by Laurence King Publishing. My favorites are from Japan. Marks unknown. “I like notebooks with graph paper, notebooks that include heavy-weight unruled paper, notebooks with built-in page saver ribbons and elastic closures. I also like notebooks that have some heft . . . 100 pages at least. “I'm not a morning person, but I have kids, so I walk out the door with them. They head off to the bus and I walk to work. I spend the first 15 minutes of the day in the empty office doodling, listening to music, and thinking about what I need to do that day. The lack of agenda often leads me to my best ideas.” Carla Cammilla Hjort: Founder And CEO, Space10 “I think all of my notebooks are favorites in their own right. I go through at least one notebook every month and sometimes have a few going simultaneously. I started doing daily journals when I was seven years old and always used them to document what I dreamed of achieving in life, and notes from everyday matters and meetings. Later on in life, I realized the power of words and visual brainstorms (mind-mapping), and in this context my notebooks have become my own personal life guides. “I like to buy notebooks and build collections based on covers, paper quality, sizes, colors, etc. What makes a notebook a favorite is based on the content I put into them. Those that become the beginning of bigger visions and dreams that I can almost taste when I do them become favorites.” Giorgia Lupi: Founder and Design Director, Accurat “I normally don't use notebooks. Instead, I sketch and take visual notes on letter-sized blank sheets of paper that I afterward catalog in different folders.
advertisement
“The main reason I prefer loose sheets of paper to [bound] notebooks is that they give a more natural way to organize and reorganize my sketches over time, especially since I always have multiple projects [and] topics that I need to think about. I simply carry white paper with me all the time (and Muji ink pens!), I sketch or draw whatever idea comes to mind, and I then archive my sketches on transparent plastic folders labeled with the name of the project they belong to. (I indeed have my obsessive method in cataloging my sketches, but this is another story). “Moreover, I love the beautiful sensation [of drawing] on a white canvas with no binding, and I also believe there is a value in being able to see your five or six sketches in the same place, as opposed to flipping though a notebook's pages. “If I need to use a notebook, I would use a big-sized Moleskine. I needed to use it for the Dear Data project, since Stefanie Posavec and I decided to sketch our intermediate data drawing on comparable paper.” Jon Marshall: Designer Director, Map “Because our work at Map is strategic as well as design based, my sketchbooks are usually an equal mix of drawings and written notes.” “For years I used nine-by-seven-inch Roberson Bushey sketchbooks (inspired by my friend and mentor Daniel Weil). They are nice, thin books with smooth, white paper. However, last year I switched to 10-by-7.5-inch Moleskin soft, extra-large sketchbooks. “The Moleskin books have it all—the paper is nice, the binding allows them to lay flat. The elastic band and the pocket at the back mean you can carry lots of extra papers and bits and pieces with them. At a recent meet-up with a bunch of other creatives, I noticed more than half were using the same sketchbook.” Mark Rolston: Founder, Argodesign “My notebooks are all these same-sized little black notebooks that are constantly being given to me at various conferences. I also bought a few in Japan with interesting covers. I ended up with stacks of them in my office dating back to years at Frog.
advertisement
“I'm not much of a detailed note taker since others who work with me are tasked with that chore. Instead, I tend to create a lot of conceptual maps and little product drawings. Anything to recollect a spark or inspiration that occurs in a meeting.” Matthew Santone: Designer, Argodesign “I'll grab whatever is in front of me, but I do love the Japanese notebooks that we have in the Argo studio [from Muji]. It's a nice Goldilocks size [7-by-10-inch]. Slim binding. Faint ruling, so that it's helpful but not competitive to my sketches.” Erik Spiekermann: Type Designer “[My favorite notebook is] from Manufactum. It has lots of pages of very light, slightly yellow paper (60 gsm), it's very flexible, and it has two reading bands. The edges are painted silver.” Max Temkin: Designer, Cards Against Humanity Max Temkin's notebook, featuring a game they dub “Destructo.” “I always have a Field Notes brand notebook in my pocket, and that is my go-to notebook for quick capture and sketching. At work, I use Action Method products (like the Action Method pad) to take notes in meetings and turn that into actionable items in Omnifocus. “In the shower, I use a pencil and Aquanotes notepad. This is actually a great place for my brainstorming process, and I will often turn to a long shower to work out a tricky problem or dilemma. “I like Field Notes because it is totally fungible. I never have to think twice about writing in my Field Notes or even ripping a page out to share with someone. In the past, when I've used Moleskines or other fancy notebooks, I've often questioned whether something was worth writing down or not: ‘Is this thought really good enough to go in the Moleskine?' That's not what you want if you're trying to capture ideas quickly.”
advertisement
Nathan Warkentin: Creative Director, Mast Brothers “[I use] a Moleskine classic hardcover plain notebook. “It is like a classic white button-down shirt. It never hurts to have a few and it will never fail you. I love the inner pocket for loose swatches or cards and the plain layout allows for sketching as well as note taking.” Terrance Weinzierl: Typeface Designer, Monotype “I'm always impressed with illustrated sketch notes and OCD color-coded grid system note keeping. But it's just not my style. It's not how my brain works. I keep two specific books. Actually, I have a book for each brain hemisphere, a right side and a left side. “I'm a casual sketchbook user, usually a Strathmore acid free, hardcover, 8.5 by 11 inches. I naturally draw letters between one- and three-inches high, so I find the larger size better for what I draw most often. “I always keep a daily planner, and have been for more than 10 years straight. My middle school teachers would be proud. I use this to track things like to-do lists, appointments, and notes. I'm in love with Passion Planner because of the layout, focus on goal planning, and the little Zen tidbits. This is pretty meta, but it's a goal of mine to have one of my typefaces used in a daily planner. “As a bonus, I take those tiny little pocket-sized notebooks with me to AIGA talks or conferences for quick notes. In general, I find taking notes with a computer or phone too distracting for me. Something always comes up.
advertisement
“I don't think there is a right or wrong answer when it comes to notebooks. You just have to figure out what works best for you, and what you're working on. I read some productivity advice once, and one of the bullets was ‘Your memory sucks.'” Lisa Woods: Interaction Designer, Argodesign “This spread is for a personal project I'm working on—an interactive sculpture. I was trying to figure out how to embed fiber optics in a cement mold and what effects I could achieve. Truly thinking on paper.” “I love my Miquelrius journal. It has a soft leather-like cover, which bends without getting damaged whenever I put it in and [take it] out of my bag or purse. I take my journal everywhere, so it has to be able to handle the daily abuse. My notebook isn't precious; it's a workhorse. This one has held up really well, especially considering the price point (under $12). After half a year of use, I can still bring it into client meetings without being embarrassed. I love its small grid pattern (although I mostly ignore it) instead of lines that encourage writing over drawing. The grid pattern allows me to write, sketch, or diagram with ease. This notebook seems to have an infinite amount of pages! My current notebook is six months old, and I've only filled 75% of it. “I capture anything I'm thinking about or working on. Thus, my notebooks are an unfiltered documentation of my professional work, personal projects, lectures I attend, people I meet, recommendations from friends of things I should check out, and doodles. I save all of my journals. It's great to flip through old journals and see what I was thinking about on any given day.”
Forced Marriages: What Franklin Graham Is Wrong About Today
I thought I had seen it all, and then today came.
The Fundamentalist Pope, Franklin Graham, is praising Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza for FORCING people to get married.
Yes, that's right– forced marriage.
President Nkurunziza is a professing Christian who is serving a questionable third term as president of Burundi, and has now ordered any couple living together to get married by the end of year, or else.
We're not exactly sure what the “or else” means, but according to one person quoted by the BBC article Franklin Graham shared on Facebook, government officials have told them that they and their girlfriend face a fine, and that any children they have outside of marriage will not be eligible for medical care or public education.
Of course, Franklin Graham is praising this idea. In their post they say:
“In a world that has lost its moral compass, here's a president who is trying to make a difference. Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza is a Christian. The world may scorn and laugh at him, but they know that God's ways are always in the best interest of individuals, of families, and of nations. Let's pray for them and their efforts to promote morality in Burundi. The Bible tell us, ‘Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people.' (Proverbs 14:34)”
The key area where I disagree with Graham is the notion that the world will laugh about this– they're not.
Nothing about forcing people to get married is funny. Nothing about taking medical care away from children because their parents are not married is funny. Nothing about a child being refused an education because the marital status of their parents is funny.
None of this is funny.
Not even a little.
It's one thing to promote one's version of sexual morality or marriage in a context of free speech, the competition of ideas, persuasion, etc., but it's entirely another to make one's views into law and force that on other people. While there are many reasons this is morally wrong, the biggest reason is the fact that all laws are enforced by violence or the threat of violence. This means that when one legislates their own religious views into law, they are violently forcing their views upon others– and nothing about that is good, right, moral, or Christian.
Taking healthcare away from a child who may get sick and die, is an incredibly violent act.
Taking education away from a child, potentially dooming them to a life of poverty or exploitation, is an incredibly violent act.
Fining someone who is already impoverished, is an incredibly violent act.
NONE of this reflects the way of Jesus. Never once does Jesus tell their followers to take over all the governments of the world, establish theocracies, and punish those who don't live by whatever moral code is established. That's not how Jesus works.
While horrific violence against children such as this can be clothed in lofty concepts of “bringing morality to culture” etc., the reality is that this approach is functionally the same approach as ISIS or the Taliban: “God's ways are best, culture needs to be moralized, and we will use violence to bring you into compliance with our religious views.”
Pierre Nkurunziza's approach to increasing marriage rates in their country is not just wrong, but violently wrong.
And supporting the enshrinement of your personal values into law so that you can violently force others to live by them, punishing children if the parents do not comply?
Well, that's what Franklin Graham is wrong about today.
Follow BLC on Facebook:
Although for our purposes Air Force 1 refers to the Japanese company TechDas' new state-of-the-art turntable, the company freely admits it helped itself to the moniker of the presidential jet because the design is intended to be the “first among the first.” In other words, this is an all-out, no-holds-barred assault meant to answer and exceed every aspect and parameter of turntable performance. And it's priced accordingly: $105,000 for the 'table alone, far from the priciest but still up there. Even these days, with ever-escalating cost and complexity (not to mention extravagance and extremity) in design, the AF1 is a component of rare sophistication, ingenuity, thoroughness, and the very highest competence and execution. The auteur is Hideaki Nishikawa, a man with more than five decades of distinguished work in high-end audio, starting in the mid-sixties at Stax, where they helped develop those fabled electrostatic headphones. Several years later they designed turntables and tonearms for various manufacturers, including Infinity's famous Black Widow, much admired by TAS reviewers and readers in the early Eighties. (I owned one myself for a while, and it rivaled the SME 3009 series with high-compliance, low-mass, moving-magnet pickups like top-of-the-line Shures and ADCs.) From there they wound up at Micro-Seiki, where they designed what they considered a statement product: the SX-8000II turntable, an air-bearing 'table with vacuum hold-down. Drawing upon the best ideas in the 8000II and allying them to the latest research in materials and technology, the AF1 is their second statement turntable. Asked why such a long time passed between the two, they replied, “I waited for the technology to improve.” Stella, TechDas' international distributor, has not been exactly reticent in trumpeting the AF1 as “the best turntable in the world.”
This is so complex a turntable that to describe its rationale, features, and setup fully would far exceed the space limitations of even a very long review. Inasmuch as I imagine any buyer will have a trained dealer do the setup, I'm going to concentrate on those design aspects that seem to me to account for its extraordinary performance, most of which involve air force and pressure, hence the name. Air bearing for the platter, air suction for the vacuum hold-down, and air bladders for the suspension system triangulate the nucleus of the AF1 design. In and of themselves, none of these is new, but I don't know of another 'table that has combined them into one component. The most controversial of these continues to be the use of vacuum to secure the record to the platter surface. The typical objections are two: damage to vinyl owing to high vacuum pressure, and the so-called ripple effect of most vacuum pumps—that is, the pulsating of the pump to maintain the vacuum. The answer to the first is that, yes, high vacuum-pressure does damage, so the solution is to avoid it by using low pressure, which is benign. So far as I am aware, all current vacuum systems follow the practice pioneered by David Fletcher's SOTA Cosmos, introduced in the early Eighties, which employs an initial high suction to evacuate the air and establish a seal, after which the pressure drops to a very low, harmless level more than adequate to maintain the seal and hold the record securely to the platter. The amount of time high suction requires to make the seal is design dependent, but even the longest—around 30 seconds in one brand, if I'm not mistaken—is not remotely long enough to do any damage. Even with the most warped records, the AF1 never needed more than five seconds to establish a seal. In my own experience of more than two decades with several SOTAs, I've never experienced any degradation of my records that could be attributed to vacuum hold-down.
As for the ripple effect, I imagine there must be something to it on the strictly theoretical level, since Nishikawa makes a point of addressing it in the AF1 with a sophisticated form of filtering—involving glass-reservoir chambers—that smooths out the ripples and thus prevents any modulation of the pumping from affecting the audio signal at the stylus-record interface. I have to say that I've never actually been aware of any deleterious sonic effects that I could attribute to rippling, chuffing, or any other untoward modulatory byproduct of pumps in any vacuum hold-down turntable I've ever heard, including products by Basis, Continuum, and SOTA. Suffice it to say that for me there is no more effective way to marry an LP to the platter and thus to damp vinyl resonances and drain away spurious noises from the stylus-record interface than a well-engineered vacuum hold-down. I can't say that the AF1's is better than all others out there, but it's better than any other I know about; it's also hard for me to imagine it could get any easier, more foolproof, or more trouble-free. The pump is dead quiet: Even standing right next to the open shelf on which the pump was placed, I couldn't hear it in operation. And it's baby-simple to use: Put on a record, hit the “Suction” button, and in moments—about a second for most records—the LP is flattened to the platter, the pressure drops to maintenance level, and you're off and running. The rewards in background quietness (more on this anon), dynamic range, and tracking—all owing to the elimination of warps—must be heard to be believed.
The main platter employs an air bearing, for which Nishikawa uses the same kind of filtering to ensure that the platter itself rides on a rock-steady cushion of air, free from ripples and modulations of the air pump (a separate pump from the vacuum). Air is also used for the suspension. The base rests on three feet, adjustable for level via large knobs on the plinth, each foot containing a bladder and a reservoir designed to provide a damping to resist footfalls and structural vibration. A bicycle-type pump (supplied) is used to fill the bladders while a built-in bubble-level and spacer see to it that proper pressure goes to each of the three bladders. Inasmuch as an air bladder is basically a balloon or inner tube, it will inevitably leak over time, each bladder more than likely leaking at a different rate, just as tires do. This is no cause for concern. For one thing, the leakage is exceedingly slow and will probably go unnoticed for several months. There is no need to obsess about this. According to Robert (“Bob”) Graham, whose Graham Engineering Corporation imports the AF1, “The air suspension has a rather low Q and will not be adversely affected by minor variations. All that's really needed is an eyeball approximation using the bubble level once every month or two—less effort than, say, cleaning the record every time or dusting off the stylus tip.” In the several months I had the turntable for review, I never noticed the bubble level change once.
One of the most novel and sophisticated aspects of the AF1 is how it addresses issues of speed accuracy and speed constancy, which are not the same things. Many turntables, notably direct-drives, employ fast-acting servos to ensure speed accuracy. But the problem with this is that it can result in a kind of constant “hunting” for the correct speed, which in turn can have a deleterious effect on the sound because, the argument goes, the speed is never strictly speaking constant. Some designers even believe it's preferable to sacrifice that last degree or two of speed accuracy in favor of speed constancy in the interest of greater playback stability and solidity. Nishikawa has gone to great lengths to ensure both. The two phases of the asynchronous motor are each driven by a 50-watt Class A amplifier. Once the speed is selected—33.33 and 45 rpm are available—a “torque switching circuit” is engaged to bring the very heavy platter up to speed, which takes a few to several seconds. When the platter reaches speed, the circuit reduces torque to the minimum necessary to maintain speed and the servo is completely disengaged and out of the system. Speed thereafter is controlled only by the motor and the inertia of the exceptionally heavy platter. If due to some external force, such as brushing the record or stopping the platter by hand, the sensor automatically reengages to return rotation to correct speed.
A nice feature is the vacuum can be engaged or defeated independently of whether the platter is moving. Another nice feature is a tachometer with digital display that allows pitch to be altered in +/- 0.1 percent steps over a 10 percent range. Pushing either of the speed buttons returns to 33 or 45. Two parts that are essential for this turntable's speed accuracy and constancy are the belt (4-mm wide, made of polyurethane flat fiber) and belt tension, which are also critical to the AF1's overall performance. Like many belt-drive turntables these days, the motor is outboard and detached from the main chassis, which means that getting the correct belt tension involves a certain amount of cut and try. But the AF1 has a built-in tension-calibration circuit that automates the process. Your dealer will do this as part of the setup, but in case you ever move the turntable or have to get a new belt, you can recalibrate the tension on your own. (The exceptionally comprehensive manual provides full instructions.) During the review period, there was absolutely no speed drift. Indeed, as with every other aspect of this complex design, the tension-calibration system performed flawlessly. Day by day I've rarely experienced a record-playing setup that was easier or more pleasurable to use than this one: once set up, it just works.
Unique to my experience of turntables, the AF1 offers a choice of three platters. The base layer for all three is non-magnetic stainless steel, while the upper platter options vary from aircraft-grade, extra-super duralumin (the most neutral, supplied with the review sample), non-magnetic hard-processed stainless steel (for punchier bass), and an acrylic-resin black methacrylate (for a softer, presumably more tube-like sound). The platters are available with or without vacuum (though I have no idea why someone would eschew vacuum, especially when it's this well implemented), and of course all three can be purchased for those who desire the ultimate in flexibility or want to cater to audiophile neurosis: I remember one audio reviewer of some celebrity from the glory days of the Seventies and Eighties, who used to rotate the platter mat for optimal playback of each individual record and note the position in order to return to it for the next playing. The AF1 comes with one mounting board drilled for the 'arm of choice, but it will support an additional board; standard and 12-inch 'arms can be accommodated.
The (by-now) predictable sandwich construction for the base uses three layers of considerable mass for resonance control, suppression, and damping: pure aluminum for the base; duralumin for the middle; another aluminum with an anodized surface for the top chassis, which gets a sapphire-hard finish that resists scratches. I do have to say that unlike so many Space Age-looking turntables, this one, with its light silver-grey matte finish, is much less bothered by scratches and shows dust much less plainly than any others I've used this side of wooden bases. As is clearly evident from the photographs, the turntable is physically large and heavy. Although it is not a piece of furniture or any sort of structure that takes up floor space in your listening room, the AF1 tilts the scales at a whopping 221.5–238 pounds, depending on the platter option. This mandates a very sturdy equipment shelf with a width of 30 inches and depth of 20 (though with cabling 24 would be better).
“Hannibal” is the Best Drama on Television June 3, 2015 |
The game hasn't changed completely in the third season of NBC's “Hannibal,” but the rules have been updated. In the season premiere, “Antipasto,” airing tomorrow, there's a sleek, European feel from the very opening sequence—shots of a man in a leather jacket racing through the streets of Paris on a motorcycle with the chrome and metal of the vehicle fetishized to the degree we usually see food displayed on this breakthrough program. The man takes off their helmet to reveal their identity: Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen). If the Hannibal of the first two seasons felt like a wolf in sheep's clothing, the façade has been removed in season three as this Hannibal feels more like the leader of the pack, a wolf in wolf's clothing. At one point they even say, “I've taken off my person suit.” He's not hiding any more. They have no reason to.
Advertisement
After the chaos of the season-two finale of “Hannibal,” in which nearly everyone was left for dead by the manipulative and maniacal cannibal, casual fans may expect the season-three premiere to pick up there. Who's alive? Who's dead? What does it mean for the future of the show? Serious fans won't be surprised when creator Bryan Fuller doesn't meet traditional narrative expectations, jumping to Europe with Hannibal and Bedelia (Gillian Anderson) in as twisted a relationship as you'll see on television. As we learn about the sheer terror that keeps Bedelia by Hannibal's side—perhaps more than anyone they know what he's capable of and Anderson brilliantly captures the duality of fear and fascination that Dr. Lecter engenders within her—we also flash back to a series of encounters between Lecter and Dr. Abel Gideon (Eddie Izzard). Encounters that happen to take place while the two are eating Dr. Gideon, slowly.
In present day, Hannibal has taken over a scholarly position in Palermo (after killing and eating the man who previously held the title). The location shift allows Fuller and Vincenzo Natali to play with Italian culture on a grand scale, referencing Dante, the real-life serial killer known as the Monster of Florence, and to work visually in European tones that even recall Giallo. Hannibal and Bedelia prowl such gorgeous settings and live in a beautiful home, almost bringing to mind Dracula in their castle. It results in an almost dream-like season premiere—Hannibal in their element and Bedelia in a waking nightmare. As Hannibal says, “Ethics become aesthetics.” Lecter has turned a past that included feeding a man to themselves into something approaching happiness with a job, partner, and European lifestyle that suits their refined tastes. And yet Will Graham still haunts him. Mikkelsen and Anderson are both phenomenal in an episode that really stands on its own as great television, even without the context of the rest of the series.
One could argue—and the titles of the episodes support the argument—that next week's “Primavera” is when the season sort of properly “begins,” re-introducing us to Hannibal Lecter's partner-in-life Will Graham (Hugh Dancy), who also happens to be in Florence. Surprises in Will's arc that I won't spoil start to pull back the layers on what this season will explore thematically, while also proving how deft Fuller and their team are at taking the episodic structure and making it feel like one cinematic journey. The focus shifts from episode one to two, and again in three, in a way that would be so jarring for most traditional dramas. And yet the episodes are thematically and visually consistent, always driven by two men who are now unable to define themselves without each other. In Will, Hannibal Lecter saw more than a plaything or food source. They saw someone who desperately wanted to understand and possibly even change him. And they needed to know why. As Hannibal says to Will, “You thought you could change me as I have changed you.” Will responds, “I already did.”
Advertisement
Season three holds so much promise for “Hannibal” that it's almost breathtaking for real fans of the show. Completely untethered from the procedural format of the first season and given creative license to play with the canon of the Thomas Harris books, “Hannibal” this year is going to go deeper into the history of Lecter, while also presenting the “Red Dragon” arc in what Fuller has called a 6-episode mini-series.
On every level, Bryan Fuller and the team behind “Hannibal” are elevating what we should expect from network television. Books could be written on how the show explores its themes not through traditional crime drama mysteries of the week but through character, and there's simply no program, cable included, that uses visual language more confidently and engagingly. Not just ethics, but everything about the program, is reflected in its aesthetics. “Hannibal” has already investigated numerous themes over its two seasons and change, but it comes back to the thin line between someone insane enough to dine on human flesh and how close someone has to come to insanity to understand that. There's no better program on television.
Next Article: Home Entertainment Consumer Guide: June 4, 2015 Previous Article: The Wachowskis Spin Philosophical Sci-fi in Fascinating “Sense8”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
I Introduction
In a representative democratic system, citizens delegate power to politicians for certain periods of time. The institutional setting allows elected incumbents to maximize their own utility functions, which could deviate from citizens' preferences (Tullock 1959). The voters have only limited direct influence on political decisions made by their representatives during the legislative period. This applies to fiscal policies, such as decisions concerning public revenue, expenditures, and debt. Consequently, politicians in office might behave like a leviathan. In a leviathan setting, all politicians receive rents from being in office proportional to the size of government and thus all officeholders regardless of party affiliation will enlarge public spending if given the opportunity (Brennan and Buchanan 1980). A number of institutional arrangements, however, constrain officeholders' freedom of action, thereby taming the leviathan. The literature describes institutional arrangements, such as tax competition (e.g. Rodden 2003), direct democracy (e.g. Matsusaka 2005 or Vatter 2000) and checks and balances through the separation of powers (Persson et al. 1997). Closely related to the last‐mentioned arrangement are the re‐election desires of politicians. The uncertainty of re‐election can trigger two different effects. On one hand, the re‐election motive increases the accountability of politicians and limits the gap between policy and voters' preferences. Thus, it might increase the efficiency of policy outcomes. On the other hand, it might cause inefficient opportunistic behavior by officeholders, e.g. with regard to public spending in order to please swing voters before an election, which creates a political budget cycle.
In this paper, we investigate whether a lack of political competition leads to leviathan behavior by local parties. Since we have two interdependent arguments, the leviathan and the re‐election issue, we also test for political budget cycles at the local level. In contrast to the previous literature, our approach allows us to study the influence of parties' strength on spending and on the opportunistic total spending pattern simultaneously. We provide new insights to the literature of political budget cycles, focusing on the distribution of power in local councils that influence the discretion over fiscal policy of the local executive. Politicians must have incentives and the ability to manipulate public budgets. The second issue – the ability to manipulate local public budgets – is very rarely discussed in the literature. Furthermore, we test whether local politicians implement restrictive fiscal policies during non‐election years in order to create room to please voters before elections. The analysis of the spending pattern over the complete legislative period is not common in the literature on political budget cycles.
Our research focuses on municipalities, which are the lowest level of government in Germany. Investigating the municipal level is especially interesting for four reasons. First, no de jure checks and balances exist at this level, i.e. local councils do not face a second political body with conflicting interests (see section III for institutional details). The only directly disciplining opponents are the potential veto‐players in the local councils. The distribution of power among parties might determine the extent of leviathan behavior and the scope for the creation of electoral budget cycles. Second, the close proximity of citizens to government at the local level makes local budgets a preferred object for electoral manipulation. Local officials are better informed about local needs (Oates 2011, first published in 1972) and thus more capable of using this information for strategic purposes compared to politicians at higher government levels. Local governments can target public spending to voter groups more precisely and, therefore, ‘buy votes' more efficiently. Third, the lowest government tier is responsible for more than 30% of total public spending (excluding social insurance) in Germany. Even more important is the role of municipalities in public investment spending: In 2013, 52% of public investments in material assets were made at the local level (see for these figures, Federal Statistical Office 2014). Finally, the municipal level allows investigating a large number of observations within the same institutional framework.
Our main findings can be summarized as follows. We find only weak evidence that politically strong parties at the local level (which are confronted by few and/or weak opponents in local councils) exhibit leviathan behavior in total public spending. On average, total spending by politically strong parties is only slightly higher in comparison to those with low political strength. However, we find strong empirical evidence that the spending pattern during a legislative period depends on the distribution of power. Local councils with equally strong parties show no signs of electoral engineering. Their spending is quite uniformly distributed over the election period. In contrast, politically strong parties create a political budget cycle. Their pattern of public spending shows great variance within the election period. Strong parties exploit the lack of supervision and the low political competition to decrease spending in the middle of election periods and increase it during election years. The institutional framework leaves only little room for increasing total spending, but depending on the intensity of political competition in local councils, there is great leeway to manipulate multi‐year local budgets for re‐election purposes. This is a novel result and extending the established literature on political budget cycles. In the end, we can identify a slight increase in total spending and strong deviations in spending patterns. The most likely reason for such budget manipulations is the attempt to increase the re‐election probabilities 1
in order to ensure the access to future budgets. Our interpretation of their behavior is that local politicians act as self‐preserving leviathans.
The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: Section II provides a brief review of the related literature. The institutional setting of German municipalities, the data, and the empirical strategy are put forth in section III. Section IV discusses the results, while section V presents the conclusions.
It seems that Mazda car owners have discovered a hack that allows them to tweak the Mazda's MZD Connect infotainment system by just inserting a USB that has been loaded with a particular code.
The issue is not new
When you see the Mazda3Revoloution Forum, you will realize that the issue had been known since 2014 and Mazda car owners have been playing with the system ever since. In fact, research showed that there had already been a hacking tool going by the name of MZD-AIO-TI.
The MZD – All-In-One Tweaks Installer or, MZD-AIO-TI for short, simply allows the user to play with the system's settings letting them install apps and do all sorts of things to alter the original configuration.
However, this was followed on by another enthusiastic car system researcher, Jay Turla, a security engineer at Bugcrowd, who used the former knowledge of the MZD-AIO-TI and other tools to devise a new tool called the Mazda-getInfo.
[irp posts=”32287″ name=”Hackers show US Police Department Vehicles can be hacked”]
Mazda_GetInfo
The Mazda-getInfo is a unique tool that lets the user infect MZD Connect's system through just a USB.
In an interview with BleepingComputer, Turla said that they were inspired to carry on with the project after they visited a Car Hacking Village which was a conference dealing with such systems. They later released the code on GitHub and opened it for anyone who wanted to try the technique on their car.
Once the code is in the system, the user can easily launch an attack that may involve quite harmless things. However, it has been noted that the malware thus injected can be used for far more unscrupulous crimes than just changing the settings.
How does it work?
Essentially, the user just needs to copy the chunk of code released on GitHub, and load it onto one's USB. Then, the user simply needs to insert the USB into the dashboard and the magic will work by itself. That is, the entire thing is automatic and does not require the user to interfere in any way.
Nevertheless, doing so has certain limitations. One of them is that the car's engine needs to be running or it must be in accessory mode. Otherwise, the malware will not work.
Although this is a disadvantage regarding hacking, it, however, acts as a defense mechanism against attackers who might want to steal a car by manipulating the car's smart system. This is because the malware will not allow them to start the car in the first place.
But this is just for the time-being, as Turla noted. Hackers may well come up with botnets which can do the job for them. Also, a remote access trojan attack can also be executed through the vulnerability in the system.
A system update has apparently patched the flaw
BleepingComputer noticed that an updated version of the MZD connect firmware has been released that prevents anyone from injecting malware with a USB.
Not for the first time
This is not the first time when an Internet-connected vehicle has been found vulnerable to cyberattacks. Previously, Jeep Cherokee onboard system was hacked putting more than 470,000 vehicles at risk. Similarly, cars with vulnerable WIFI dongle were also found vulnerable to Bluetooth attacks.
[irp posts=”53029″ name=”Car Hackers Remotely Steal Keyless BMW within Seconds”]
DDoS attacks are increasing, calculate the cost and probability of a DDoS attack on your business with this DDoS Downtime Cost Calculator.
Frankly, I'm still in awe of this book. What Brian Michael Bendis and David Mack had been producing up to this point was masterful. They were taking their time, cultivating the right angles and only diving in when the time was right. There was no action for action's sake and things progressed comfortably. The creative team had been doing truly superb work with this book from day one.
But this is on another level. Whether things have begun clicking in a way they hadn't before or the team had just been pulling punches for issues 1-3, I'll never know, but this is a masterpiece, and, as a fair warning, I have little but elated praise for this book. And thankfully, I get to spend as much time as I want justifying it.
In my previous review of Daredevil: End of Days #3, I talked, at length, about the way Bendis and Mack embrace the human element of these characters and their stories, as well as the way they used the story being told as a commentary on human nature and how and why people do things. This book furthers all of the prior concepts while, with maturity and grace, moving the story forward and taking on other issues as well.
This issue leads off with Ben Urich at the site of Bullseye's death. Within the opening pages of the book, there are two incredibly well-written human moments, where Urich and a police officer attempt to make sense of everything that's been happening. They do so in few words, and it's a heartbreaking and brutally honest way to deal with the events that have taken place.
But the writing on those opening pages, and eventually throughout the rest of the book, ultimately has to play second fiddle to the indescribable, breathtaking artwork. Klaus Janson, Bill Sienkiewicz and Matt Hollingsworth have given readers something that is devastatingly real, the art is aggressive and violent, it's dark and emotional, raw, unrefined and completely unforgiving. This is the best art I've ever seen in a superhero title. The paneling is incredibly ambitious, the expressiveness is daring; the book sets high expectations for itself, and then it laughs whilst vaulting casually and easily above them.
As far as the plot goes, Urich is still on a desperate search to find out what “Mapone” means, and I still find something deeply moving about a man searching for the meaning of one word as though it's the key to everything, testing every lock with only a hope and prayer that one of them opens. I don't want to find out what it means just because I'm curious, I want Urich to find out for their own sake. It feels similar to Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close in that way. (Notably, in pretty much no others).
And though the art may take the cake from this go, the writing fits into it perfectly. The two elements complement each other like eggs and bacon, they can both stand on their own, but there's nothing better than the two together. This series, closely followed by Hawkeye, are the best things Marvel has going for them. I've accepted that a series like this can never truly be the mainstream in comics, and I'll be honest and say I probably wouldn't want it to be. It's not very much fun, it's certainly not very light, and all of the excitement has passed. Nobody wants to deal exclusively in the aftermath. But regardless, this is the highest standard. Superhero titles should strive to be this. Few should be as dark and few could possibly be this insightful, but the way Bendis and Mack tackle the important issues, that's the golden ticket.
Hawthorn Football Club can confirm midfielder Tom Mitchell will join the Hawks after a deal was finalised with Sydney Football Club today.
Sydney will receive picks 14 and 52 in exchange for Mitchell.
Hawthorn will also receive pick 57 as part of the deal.
Hawthorn Recruiting and List Manager Graham Wright said:
“We are pleased the deal could be finalised and Tom is able to join the Hawks.
“Tom has had a terrific year at the Swans and we look forward to welcoming them to the Hawks.
“We would like to thank Sydney for their professional approach in getting this deal done.”
Mitchell was drafted to the Swans in 2011 from Claremont (WA) as their 1st round father-son selection (No. 21 overall). The 23-year-old has played 63 career games since making their debut in 2013 and kicked 38 goals.
Mitchell is the second player to join the Hawks during this year's trade period after a deal was reached with Ty Vickery on Monday.
During the autumn the story broke that Coronation Street actor Michael le Vell (he plays Kevin Webster) was accused of child sex allegations and arrested and bailed. The story was front page news everywhere and their name was dragged through the mud.
A few days ago it was announced that the CPS had dropped the charges because of 'insufficient evidence'. The CPS were very weaselly in the words they chose in stating the charges were dropped.
Due to the nature of the accusation and their public profile and the publicity it therefore received, they will forever sadly have this associated with him.
This is why the government's backing down on granting anonymity to rape defendants unless found guilty was such a betrayal. Not just because Michael's case is another example of how someone's name can be dragged through the mud based on a false accusation (if they are not being prosecuted then it must be false - surely) but also because the coalition government put it in their manifesto.
Another sad chapter in the anti-male society we live in and to the anti-male modern-day feminists, they are just collateral damage.
Posted by Skimmington
As storms and wildfires besiege our nation, Donald Trump and their EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will announce Tuesday their intention to repeal the Clean Power Plan, the critical climate action plan set in motion during the Obama administration that will save lives and money. As yet another hurricane slammed into our country, the spectacle of these robber barons sitting in the White House with their fossil fuel pals and congratulating themselves for making money while people's lives are destroyed is maddening. Repealing the Clean Power Plan is a reckless, dangerous move by an administration that continues to show that it cares more about their fossil fuel CEO cronies than the lives of thousands of people.
I have a message for everyone distraught by this news: If we keep working and we don't give up, we can stop them. As director of the Sierra Club's Beyond Coal Campaign, I can assure you that we will meet the targets of the Clean Power Plan by retiring coal plants and replacing them with clean energy, in spite of Trump. Just days before the Trump administration announced this repeal, the utility Luminant announced it will retire its massively polluting Monticello coal plant in Texas. That's the 259th coal plant to announce retirement since 2010. We've retired eleven coal plants under Trump, and none have opened, re-opened, or delayed their retirement.
Meanwhile, clean energy continues to skyrocket. The two largest clean energy projects in history were announced this year by AEP and Xcel. Coal use is down to its lowest level in history. And new projections from the International Energy Agency predict solar will account for one-third of all power worldwide in just five years, equal to half the world's coal power capacity. As a result of all this work and momentum, many states are on track to meet or exceed their 2030 Clean Power Plan emission reduction goals within the next two years, over a decade ahead of schedule.
At the same time, we still need the Clean Power Plan, for a lot of reasons. It has been a critically important catalyst for action in continuing this momentum and ensuring the benefits of both reducing pollution and growing clean energy are deployed in an orderly, equitable, and fair manner across the country.
Because of the progress moving toward clean energy and retiring coal, the Clean Power Plan is already a part of most planning by utilities and the Public Utility Commissions that oversee them. That's why most states will stay on track to achieve their Clean Power Plan goals despite Trump's steps backward. Without it, there are serious questions of how, when, and where clean energy will deploy, and whether everyone can enjoy the health and financial benefits of reducing dangerous pollution.
In many states, without the Clean Power Plan, Trump's policies and the complacency of their political and industry allies are going to keep their constituents stuck behind the curve with dirtier energy, dirtier air, and dirtier water. Trump's aggressive pro-polluter action in attacking the Clean Power Plan means residents of heavily polluted states like Texas, Missouri and Wisconsin will suffer from a more polluted environment while missing out on many of the benefits of a fair and just clean energy economy the Clean Power Plan would help create.
Despite being on track to meet the Clean Power Plan's nationwide emission goals years ahead of schedule, we have a lot of work to do to curb carbon pollution in the electric sector and phasing out the remaining coal plants that are making people sick and replacing them with clean energy.
In short, the Clean Power Plan provides a thoughtful and necessary framework for the US to continue cutting carbon pollution. Indeed, the program needs to be preserved and strengthened in order to drive even further progress away from fossil fuels and towards renewable resources.
By throwing the program away, the Trump administration is putting the safety of our communities at risk, and making it crystal clear they have no intention of safeguarding people from the very real, immediate dangers of climate change. That's especially distressing to hear this news as Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands recover from devastating hurricanes made stronger by climate disruption, while the West recovers from unprecedented wildfires also exacerbated by a changing climate.
In addition to reducing climate-forcing carbon emissions, the Clean Power Plan also curbs other harmful pollutants that contribute to dangerous smog and soot, causing heart attacks, respiratory illnesses, and even premature deaths. The EPA previously projected that the Clean Power Plan would prevent 90,000 childhood asthma attacks, 300,000 missed work and school days, and 3,600 premature deaths annually by 2030.
By 2030, the Plan would result in annual climate benefits of $20 billion and annual health benefits of between $14 and $34 billion. It would also reduce the average consumer's electricity bill by $85 per year and save consumers a total of $155 billion over the course of the next decade. Unfortunately, the only dollar signs that Trump and Pruitt see are profits of their friends in the dirty energy industry, whom they cater to and meet with at every chance.
No matter who is in the White House or in the EPA Administrator's office, the EPA is legally required to limit dangerous carbon pollution from power plants, and the Clean Power Plan is a flexible, affordable way to do that.
I'm a Red Wing guy but I've been eying these boots for a while now. Compared to my black RW Beckmans, I liked the lower profile toe on these Chippewas... it's less chunky looking.
Upon opening the box, I immediately noticed a scratch on the side most likely from mishandling during packaging. Knowing that boots are bound to get scratched up, I decided to shrug it off. I also noticed marring on the leather near the seams due to the walking foot of the sewing machine. (See pic). The markings were fairly uniform so I decided to overlook that as well.
The color really got me. The boots definitely pop. I took them out and inspected them as I have begun lacing them up. Immediately I noticed a problem: the upper leather and tongue on both boots were assembled with leather that had very loose grain
I am a leather worker by trade. I make high quality purses and satchels. Given this, I am familiar with cowhide and what parts of the hide should never be used for high quality items.
Loose grain usually occurs at the belly portion of the hide. Belly leather has a characteristic wrinkling and veining at the surface of the grain. It is weaker and stretches easily. This is very different than deeper creases that will occur in a boot as it breaks in over time. Cowhide bellies should never be used in high quality items.
The wrinkling in the pictures occurred after lacing the boots up. They hadn't even been worn yet. I am really disappointed because I had high hopes for these. Given the cost, this type of craftsmanship is unacceptable. I've had my Red wings for three years now and the only creases in it are due to the normal breaking in of the leather.
This review was originally going to be a comparison of these with my RWs, but given the quality of these Chippewas, that comparison no longer makes sense.
I've seen other reviews that mention that one boot had loose grain while the other was fine, so maybe this is a result of poor quality control. I will send these back and perhaps give them another shot. If I do, I'll update this review.
About
There is no denying that the Billionaire Chronicles needs your help to achieve the greatest of successes. Here is how your help will assist the game.
Join the Anderson family, led by the Patriarch Joseph, on a journey that spans 12 levels, 500 rounds and many more interesting twists and turns.
This Match-3 game, at first sight, may look like those that you are familiar with but while the platform may be similar that is the only thing which is. In Billionaire Chronicles you will, literally, follow along with books from a New York Times best selling author via book lines, to art posters, to animated videos. These graphics are colorful, detailed and extremely immersive into the lives of the characters.
Along with the following of the books this game is set to give players more than just a fun and exciting game to play - we also are giving players daily, weekly, monthly prizes to include free digital books, free paperback books, discounts on books, unique limited hard back books, specialized artwork, jewelry and even items that may help people make their weddings that much better (flowers, dresses, music, etc.) - yes, there are possibilities that playing a game will give you these items. Real, tangible, legitimate prizes.
Billionaire Chronicles
After every level you will win a charm. When you finish the game you will receive a bracelet with 12 charms. Can you spot the charm in each level?
The sound of music can create lifelong memories. You will forever associate the enjoyment of playing Billionaire Chronicles with the music you hear here.
Nightly Mediation
Candlelight
A Childlike Imagination
Wandering Soul
Time's almost up!
The map for each level takes you through the more interesting parts of the respective book you are playing at the time.
The journey of this game started with a young woman wanting to write a book. That spark led to 12 books in the Anderson series which have brought tears, laughter, fear and joy to many readers. From there the idea of bringing those books to life in a video game was born and here we are today
The game is a lot of fun to play, as our beta testers have told us at multiple events. Like all beginning of any game launch there are things that need to be tightened up, effects to be revamped, sounds that needs to be enhanced, as well as animation and other features we would really like to obtain through stretch goals. Even more importantly, we want to have even more beta testers - which will be asked of from our supporters after the campaign is finalized and processed.
While 6R Games has many years of experience leading large, multi-faceted, projects this is our first public appearance and we are asking the Kickstarter community to assist in finding and growing the fan-base that this game will be enjoyed by Billionaire Chronicles needs all the help each of you can give. We want fans of Match-3 games to join us as we look towards the game's launch mid-2017
We need to have our supporters help guide the direction of the art work. The feedback from each of you matters.
More importantly, we want to get feedback on the game from our most ardent supporters, who will get the beta immediately after the campaign is processed!
More importantly, we want to get feedback on the game from our most ardent supporters, who will get the beta immediately after the campaign is processed!
The Simplest (and cheapest) Way to Attach a RAM Mount
I In this digital age, most all of us want some way to enhance our riding experience with the myriad of devices available for us. Most common is a GPS device, but having your modern smart-phone right at your fingertips may also be important to many a rider or maybe you like to run a Radar Detector. Whats more, you can also use RAM Mounts for your POV Camera/GoPro.
We were not super happy with the simple handlebar mount that came with our (now ancient) Zumo. It was way off the side and, well, just kinda gangly and awkward.
Lots of companies offer all sorts of very specialized and elegant solutions that allow you to affix your digital device to your motorcycle, but many of them, despite how elegant, can also be pretty spendy, while some home-brew solutions can be, well, less elegant.
In the case of our donor bike, a Multistrada 1200, for example. There is a replacement top triple clamp, several versions of bars that can be affixed, all with prices ranging around $75 on up.
Surely, there has to be a better way. One that places the GPS (or other digital device) into a more intuitive location, you know, like in the middle - yet one that doesn't cost so gosh darn much.
Well, RAM Mount has been busy coming up with several brilliant options that allow you to put a RAM Mount ball pretty much anywhere, on pretty much any motorcycle.
Since we were looking for the simplest/easiest solution, we opted for the Handlebar Clamp Base. It simply replaces one of the handlebar clamp bolts with a longer bolt to accommodate the standard 1" RAM ball. The kit comes with three 8mm bolts of various sizes and the 1" ball. We shelled out a solid $10 for the kit.
The ball simply slides over the head of the bolt. I couldn't be any easier.
To ensure that we didn't put in a replacement bolt that was too long or too short, we removed one of the existing handlebar clamp bolts and compared it to the bolts and ball included in the kit until we ended up with a result that was the same length.
Simply tighten the bolt as appropriate. To prevent any kind of flex or twisting in the our single-piece triple clamp, we loosened all the bolts, then torqued them down to manufacture specs according to the service manual. However, the ball head seemed to affect the torque reading on the torque wrench, so use caution to not over-torque the new Ram-Mount bolt.
At this point, it is just a matter of using the correct arm length for whatever device you are using. In our situation, and since we are using such an old GPS, the Short Double Socket Arm was perfect for us. Many of the other device mounts are thinner, so a Standard or even an Articulating Double Socket Swivel Arm may work best for you. The important thing is this method is super flexible, allowing you to find the best setup for your specific needs.
We were careful to ensure the Double Socket Arm didn't come into contact with out top triple clamp so as to prevent scratches.
And the final result. Moving the GPS to a central location was much more intuitive and natural, keeping the GPS closer to the normal eye line instead of having to look off to the left all the time. Additionally, we now have the option of removing the old ball, or we can re purpose it to run another device such as a GoPro camera or radar detector.
Because the Double Socket Arm is so easy to move and adjust, we can relocate the GPS as needed, such as in the situation that we would be running a tank-bag, or heck, even if we prefer the GPS off to the side instead of in the center.
And, finally, this system allows for the removal of the entire system in a matter of minutes if one would rather only have the GPS mounted for long trips.
Learn more about all the Motorcycle Specific RAM Mount Options.
