Published online 12 September 2003 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news030908-14
News
Gas-gobbling galaxy spotted noisily blowing bubbles to keep warm.
A massive black hole at the centre of NGC 1275 is sucking in gas and dust. © NASA
An immense black hole 250 million light years away is blowing the lowest B flat ever heard1.
It sits at the hub of a giant galaxy called NGC 1275, in the Perseus cluster of galaxies. The satellite-borne Chandra X-ray Observatory has spotted ripples in the gas dispersed throughout the cluster.
These ripples of high- and low-density gas are like sound waves in air. But their frequency is far lower than the deepest sound audible to the human ear. A keyboard capable of producing the note would have 57 octaves below middle C and would have a keyboard more than 15 metres long.
The sound waves carry immense amounts of energy away from the black hole, heating up the surrounding gas. Researchers suspected that the gas in clusters such as Perseus must be kept warm, but they did not know how.
The booming black hole also stifles star formation. Without the injection of acoustic energy, the gas would cool, reducing its pressure and allowing it to sink into the cluster's centre. This increase in gas density would trigger its collapse and break-up into blobs that would become new stars.
Chandra detects X-rays emitted by hot gas around NGC 1275. Previously the satellite revealed that there are two vast bubbles in this gas, apparently emanating from the galaxy's massive central black hole.
The black hole is gobbling up gas and dust. This becomes immensely heated, and shoots back out as two hot jets in opposite directions from the vortex-like heart of the galaxy. These jets blow out the two bubbles.
The ripples around the bubbles suggest that their growth excites sound waves in the gas, say discoverers Andy Fabian of the University of Cambridge, UK, and colleagues. The distance between successive peaks in the ripples - the wavelength of the sound waves - is about 36,000 light years.
The researchers calculate that the sound waves' heating effect could balance the steady cooling of the gas. Each bubble would have to be blown continuously for around ten million years before detaching from the galaxy core and moving through the gas.
The Jewish year 5775 was a great year for Aliyah, during which some 30,000 Jews moved to Israel to call it their new home.
The year 5775 on the Hebrew calendar, which comes to a conclusion this Sunday evening, saw a large jump in Aliyah (Jewish immigration to Israel).
According to data compiled by The Jewish Agency for Israel and the Ministry of Aliyah and Immigrant Absorption (MAIA), published on Wednesday, some 29,500 immigrants arrived in Israel in 5775, representing a 13% increase over the 26,000 who came in 5774.
Jews came from 97 countries across the globe. Most of this year's immigrants hail from the Former Soviet Union (14,100 compared to 10,800 last year) and from other parts of Europe (more than 9,000 compared to 8,400 last year).
Some 3,600 immigrants came to Israel from North America, similar to last year's number, and 1,200 came from South America, marking a small increase.
The two largest sources of Aliyah were from France and Ukraine. Some 7,350 French Jews fled the rabid anti-Semitism and the advent of Islamic terror in the country, compared to 6,700 in 5774 – a 10% increase. Fleeing the civil war and strife in Ukraine, 6,900 immigrants came to Israel, compared to 4,600 last year, consisting of a 50% increase.
The Jewish Agency and MAIA have been running programs in both countries in order to encourage Aliyah and remove barriers to the immigrants' integration into Israeli society, they explained in a statement on the eve of the Jewish New Year.
Regarding other countries in Europe, 690 immigrants arrived from the United Kingdom, a 13% increase from the 612 who came last year; approximately 400 came from Italy, a 30% increase compared to 300 in 5774, and 290 from Belgium, which is similar to last year's figure.
One immigrant each came from Andorra, Angola, Namibia, Paraguay, the Philippines and Slovakia.
A ‘True Triumph of Zionism'
Natan Sharansky, chairperson of the executive of The Jewish Agency for Israel, noted that “for the past few years, the majority of immigrants to Israel have been coming from free and democratic Western countries. These immigrants' free choice to live in Israel and their preference for Israel over other countries is the true triumph of Zionism.”
Minister of Aliyah and Immigrant Absorption Ze'ev Elkin said: “These figures, which show a significant increase in the number of immigrants to Israel, reinforce the overall picture that the year 2015 will represent a year of record Aliyah for more than a decade. We estimate that at this rate, by the end of the civil year, we will reach between 30,000 and 35,000 immigrants. This is a window of opportunity that the State of Israel cannot miss. Therefore, we at the Ministry of Aliyah and Immigrant Absorption, the government, and Israeli society in general are faced with a fascinating and compelling challenge to both ensure that immigrants who arrive in Israel are well integrated and do whatever we can to increase activities to encourage Aliyah.”
Thousands of the new immigrants to Israel are young college graduates who came via specially created programs run by the Jewish Agency and MAIA. Some 3,000 of the new immigrants work in engineering and technology, and more than 1,000 are doctors and other medical professionals. Some 70 percent of the new arrivals are under the age of 44, including some 7,800 who are 19 or younger and some 12,000 between the ages of 20 and 44.
As in previous years, the bulk of immigrants came during the summer, which saw the arrival of some 8,350 immigrants compared to the 7,160 who came last year – a 17% increase.
The three most popular destinations in Israel were Tel Aviv-Yafo (3,500 new immigrants); the coastal city of Netanya (3,400) and Jerusalem, which welcomed some 3,000 new immigrants in 5775.
By: Max Gelber, United with Israel
A fire department official announced Friday failure to defuse a World War II bomb found at a building site in Frankfurt, Germany could lead to a big enough explosion to destroy a city block, according to Reuters.
“This bomb has more than 1.4-tons of explosives,” Frankfurt Fire Chief Reinhard Ries told reporters. “It's not just fragments that are the problem, but also the pressure that it creates that would dismantle all the buildings in a 100-metre (yard) radius.”
The HC 4000 is believed to have been dropped by Britain's Royal Air Force during the war lasting from 1939 to 1945, the report said. It was found earlier this week at a building site in Frankfurt's Westend where many wealthy bankers reside.
Defusing the bomb will require the largest post-war evacuation in Germany with police planning to clear out police headquarters, two hospitals, transportation systems and Germany's central bank which holds $70 billion in gold reserves, the report said.
Frankfurt city authorities said more than 60,000 residents must evacuate their homes for at least 12 hours.
On Friday, they asked Frankfurt's residents to evacuate the area that is 1.5 km (about a mile) around the bomb by 8 a.m. on Sunday and police were given permission to remove people by force if anyone refused to leave, the report said.
“We want to avoid not being able to return to these buildings on Monday morning,” Fire Chief Ries said. “That would create a very difficult situation for Frankfurt.”
It is not uncommon for unexploded bombs from World War II air invasions to be found in German land but they are rarely so large and in such a sensitive area, according to Reuters.
— WN.com, Jubilee Baez
White House: It doesn't matter if anti-Muslim videos are real because 'the threat is real' 4:27 PM ET Wed, 29 Nov 2017 | 01:13
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Wednesday that it doesn't matter whether the anti-Muslim videos retweeted by President Donald Trump are real or not, because "the threat is real."
Trump shared three videos on Twitter early Wednesday from the deputy leader of an ultranationalist, far-right fringe group in Britain. The group, Britain First, claims to be fighting the "Islamization" of England, and the graphic videos purported to show Muslims committing violent crimes.
The videos were titled, "Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary!", "Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats them to death!", and "Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches!"
Within minutes of Trump's retweets, numerous news outlets reported that a number of the videos' titles were false or misleading.
Sanders, however, told reporters that by focusing on "the nature of the video, you're focusing on the wrong thing."
SCP-205
Item #: SCP-205
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-205-1 and SCP-205-2 are contained within Chamber 52 at Site-23, under regular observation via the adjoining observation room. SCP-205-1 and SCP-205-2 are to be supplied with power and face the white projection screen on the wall opposite the observation window at all times. Chamber 52 requires monthly maintenance to ensure the continued operation of both SCP objects, their power supply and remote activation controls. Replacement parts and bulbs are kept on hand in the chamber. Maintenance is suspended during the final month of the SCP-205 cycle, occurring in April and October of each year. Should power to Chamber 52 fail it is to remain dark and sealed for a period of thirty days before local security enters to re-engage power for continued observation and containment.
During maintenance it is critical that only one of the SCP-205 pair is ever turned off at a time. Should both objects lose power or otherwise cease normal operation the chamber must be sealed for a 30 day period before local security may enter to re-engage power and retrieve the remains of any personnel lost in the chamber.
Pending O5 review, testing and observation is to continue before SCP-205 is to be moved to permanent storage.
Description: SCP-205 is a pair of flood lamps used in photography. The light emitted by each lamp behaves in a manner unique to SCP-205 and passes completely through any surface that is not colored white. Once the light contacts a white surface it scatters and reflects as normal and loses any unnatural properties. If the light continues uninterrupted through any matter, otherwise casting no shadow, each lamp will display an unidentified young woman's shadow upon any flat white surface, such as the projection screen in Chamber 52. Whether or not this shadow corresponds to anyone living or dead has yet to be determined, although the shadow appears to re-enact a specific series of events leading up to the woman's death.
Even if the lamps are slightly moved, the shadow remains distinct and does not lose focus or move along with the one lamp or the other. Only one shadow is cast although a physical person standing before two lamps would actually cast two shadows.
When supplied with steady power and maintained, the SCP-205 pair will go through a six month cycle that ends on April 30th and October 31st of each year. Neither the inclusion of an extra day during a Leap Year nor intermittent operation failures change these dates, thus SCP-205's cycle appears to be tied to the standard calendar rather than a set passage of time.
SCP-205 will shut off at midnight on the final day of each cycle. Any persons entering or already inside Chamber 52 when the lamps are both turned off are violently assaulted by forces unseen in a manner consistent with the fate suffered by the shadow woman, regardless of any other light sources in the room.
If the lamps are shut off at the end of a standard six month cycle they can be remotely activated to immediately end the danger and begin a new cycle. If the lamps cease operating for any other reason Chamber 52 will remain dangerous and must remain sealed for at least thirty days regardless of the status of SCP-205 itself. During a dangerous phase any equipment in the room is often ransacked, but although SCP-205 itself has sometimes been moved the lamps are never damaged.
On two occasions [DATA EXPUNGED] were carved into the walls. This strongly implies that [DATA EXPUNGED] displaying an awareness of current containment procedures.
Overview of SCP-205's cycle: For the first month of operation, SCP-205 will display a still image of one woman in a provocative pose. Although variances have been noted in the pose and clothing of the woman, the individual displayed appears to be distinct and consistent through all cycles. During the last week of the first month, the shadow will begin to move slightly as if the individual is shifting their weight or becoming uncomfortable. Them hair and clothing will be observed to flutter in ways that do not correspond to any movement of the atmosphere within Chamber 52. By the end of the first calendar month the shadow will break their pose and spend the next eight hours moving through a series of poses that imply a photography session complete with clothing changes and short breaks, sometimes including a meal.
After this session is over the shadow will constantly be in motion for the next five months, displaying a pantomime of the last days of a young model's life before they are brutally murdered at the end of the cycle. The shadow of the woman never moves beyond the boundaries of the projection screen. The shadows of objects that the woman appears to be interacting with do not appear unless they are being picked up or carried, and with the exception of the final month of the cycle any other individuals that the shadow appears to be interacting with are not seen.
Although the cycle is slightly different each time certain consistencies are observed. The individual portrayed appears to have taken up photography as a hobby in addition to being a fashion model. Them behavior implies a great deal of social interaction although with a lack of intimacy and behavior that indicates living alone rather than with family or a partner. One implied sexual encounter with an unseen partner occurs in the second or third month of the cycle and exactly sixty six explicit sexual encounters occur in the final month of the cycle.
During the last month of the cycle in April and October, shadows distinct from the young woman are displayed. These shadows all have exaggerated nude male physiques and horns projecting from the cranium although no phallus is ever observed, even during the sexual displays that take up the final days of the cycle. Only one shadow appears at first, interacting with the woman in a manner suggesting that they have met at a party or social gathering. The woman does not appear to notice the unusual nature of the other shadow and plays out a series of varying romantic interactions with it. The horned shadow will return to dine with the woman, engage in silent conversations and accompany them on outings. One recurring event involves the horned shadow introducing the woman to at least two other identical horned figures. After the second week of the month the woman will take photographs of one or more of the horned shadows during one of their outings, always with a non-digital camera that has been consistent through all observed viewings of the SCP-205 cycle. After this event explicit sexual encounters will begin between the woman and one of the figures, increasing in intensity and frequency until the end of the third week.
During the final week of the month the woman appears to develop the film in their camera for the first time since photographing the horned shadow(s). Them reaction to the photographs is one of shock and horror, and their movements afterward suggest that they attempt to flee and seek shelter behind a locked door, presumably in their home. There they are encountered by multiple instances of the horned shadow figure which assault them repeatedly for the remainder of the week. It is strongly implied that they are killed during this process although the assaults will continue until the end of the cycle.
On the last day of the cycle one of the horned shadows begins to grow larger in a manner suggesting that the figure casting it is approaching the SCP-205 lamps directly. It will eventually overcast all other shadows and at this time both lamps will be physically turned off regardless of any modifications made to prevent a halt in operation.
Recovered from camera found with SCP-205-2. Origin unknown.
Addendum: SCP-205-1 has been in the Foundation's possession since ██-██-████; SCP-205-2 is identical in every way, including the serial number. It was discovered in a ransacked motel room in ████, ██ on █-██-████. No sign of the identity or whereabouts of the occupant have been found, although a camera similar to the one displayed in the sixth month of the SCP-205 cycle was also recovered. Most of the contained film was ruined by exposure; see attached photo for the one image that was developed from the camera.
Incident 205-76b: On 10-28-████, SCP-205-2's bulb burnt out. Researcher M. N████████ was sent in to Chamber 52 to replace the bulb during one of the climactic assaults. Upon the opening of Chamber 52's door, all horned shadow figures within view ceased their activity and turned towards the door. Researcher N████████ resealed the chamber and refused to enter to perform maintenance. Shadow figures did not resume their usual activity for approximately three hours.
Incident 205-77a: On 4-28-████, SCP-205-2's bulb exploded. Shadow figures all ceased activity and looked towards the chamber door. No staff were dispatched to replace the bulb, Chamber 52 sealed and abandoned for 30 days according to procedure.
HSBC, one of the world's largest banks, has been accused of laundering money for Mexican drug cartels. At a hearing conducted by the U.S. Senate earlier this week, David Bagley, HSBC's head of compliance, apologized and resigned.
"I recognize that there have been some significant areas of failure. Despite the best efforts and intentions of many dedicated professionals, HSBC has fallen short of our own expectations and the expectations of our regulators," Bagley told the U.S. Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.
HSBC traces its origins back to the Hong Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation that was set up in 1865. Today it is one of the largest financial institutions in the world, with over $2.5 trillion in assets, 89 million customers, 300,000 employees, and 2011 profits of nearly $22 billion. The CEO is still based in Hong Kong but the bank is run out of London.
In 2002, HSBC bought up a Mexican bank named Banco Internacional, S.A. from Grupo Financiero Bital, S.A. de C.V. "A pre-purchase review disclosed that the bank had no functioning compliance program, despite operating in a country confronting both drug trafficking and money laundering," noted a report prepared for the U.S. Senate. "It opened accounts for high risk clients, including Mexican casas de cambios and U.S. money service businesses, such as Casa de Cambio Puebla and Sigue Corporation which later legal proceedings showed had laundered funds from illegal drug sales in the United States."
HSBC officials, however, treated the new Mexican unit as low risk. Paul Thurston, chief executive of retail banking and wealth management, who was dispatched to Mexico in 2007 to look into the matter, told Congress that they were "horrified" by what they found. "I should add that the external environment in Mexico was as challenging as any I had ever experienced. Bank employees faced very real risks of being targeted for bribery, extortion, and kidnapping - in fact, multiple kidnappings occurred throughout my tenure," they said.
Other HSBC staff also raised the alarm. "The AML (anti-money laundering) Committee just can't keep rubber-stamping unacceptable risks merely because someone on the business side writes a nice letter. It needs to take a firmer stand. It needs some cojones. We have seen this movie before, and it ends badly," wrote John Root, a senior HSBC Group Compliance expert, wrote in an email to Ramon Garcia, the compliance director in Mexico, on July 17, 2007.
All told, the Senate report estimates that HSBC's Mexican affiliate transported $7 billion in physical dollars to the U.S. between 2007 and 2008 alone, outstripping other Mexican banks, even one twice its size. One Cayman islands subsidiary set up by the Mexican division of HSBC handled 50,000 client accounts and $2.1 billion in deposits, but neither staff nor offices. (Pro-Publica has a nice annotated summary of the 335 page report here.)
"Due to poor AML controls, HBUS exposed the United States to Mexican drug money, suspicious traveler's cheques, bearer share corporations, and rogue jurisdictions," said Senator Carl Levin of Michigan, the chairperson of the subcommittee. "If an international bank won't police its own affiliates to stop illicit money, the regulatory agencies should consider whether to revoke the charter of the U.S. bank being used to aid and abet that illicit money."
While Bagley was taking the bullet, their former boss, Lord Stephen Green, who was chief executive of HSBC between 2003 and 2006 and chairperson until 2010, has been avoiding calls to testify. An ordained priest and the author of a book titled "Serving God? Serving Mammon?" they are now the UK Trade minister.
"No one should raise questions about Mr Green's integrity. Au contraire. The cerebral business person and part-time preacher turned minister isn't the type to play silly games with regulators," wrote James Moore, the deputy business editor of the Independent newspaper. "But they do have questions to answer. Such as whether time spent on books would have been better spent on business. Or whether they were just asleep at the wheel."
AMP Section Name: Financial Services, Insurance and Banking
Top broadcaster refuses to air information on “darker skinned” rapist
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
September 22, 2015
German media outlets are refusing to broadcast information about rapes committed by Muslims over fears that the hundreds of thousands of migrants flooding into the country might be offended and that such content could enflame tensions.
As we reported last week, numerous prominent welfare organizations in Germany warned that women and children were being raped at a migrant camp in Hessen, but the issue received very little press attention in comparison with the overwhelming positive coverage that has characterized the media's treatment of the refugee crisis.
As the Gatestone Institute reports, Germany's top public broadcaster ZDF has decided to censor such information. A prime time crime show called Aktenzeichen XY, which seeks public help in identifying criminals, refused to run a segment about a “darker skinned” rape suspect.
Editor-in-chief Ina-Maria Reize-Wildemann explained the decision, remarking, “We don't want to inflame the situation and spread the bad mood. [The migrants] don't deserve it.”
One wonders whether Reize-Wildemann thinks the future victims of the rapist who is now more likely to go free “deserve it”.
“German media is in lockstep with the government, giving happy-talk and a positive spin on migrant crisis of gigantic proportions hitting Europe,” writes Vijeta Uniyal. “Mainstream media in Germany are not merely willing executioners of Merkel's open border policy, they are ideological players committed to breaking any opposition to the plan.”
Earlier this month, a 7-year-old girl was raped by a north African migrant in a German park, a story that also received little media attention.
School in Germany situated near migrant camps are warning girls not to wear shorts or skirts so as not to offend migrants and provoke “attacks”.
The media has also framed entire issue as the “Syrian refugee crisis,” when only one in five of the refugees are Syrian and most of them are economic migrants fleeing to a higher standard of living.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
This article was posted: Tuesday, September 22, 2015 at 7:28 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Uber and Lyft are able to operate in New York City under the same regulatory scheme as traditional for-hire car services, but cannot operate upstate or in the city's suburbs. | AP Photo Assembly would allow local regulation of ride-hailing
ALBANY — Democrats who dominate the state Assembly will give localities, rather than the state, the ability to regulate ride-hailing services, a key legislator said Thursday.
Assemblyman Kevin Cahill, a Democrat from Kingston, told POLITICO New York that they would be introducing a bill “very soon” to lay out their chamber's vision for allowing ride-hailing apps like Uber and Lyft to operate. Legislation is expected before Monday and as soon as this week.
Story Continued Below
According to the Buffalo News, the Assembly bill would also raise the minimum insurance requirements for ride-hailing group policies. A dispute over coverage levels scuttled a legislative push to legalize ride-hailing in 2016.
The Assembly's plan will differ from enabling language proffered by Gov. Andrew Cuomo in their executive budget in a key way: rather than vesting most regulatory authority with the state's Department of Motor Vehicles, the Assembly plan would allow counties or municipalities to set their own rules regarding who can be a driver and how ride-hailing can operate.
“Statewide regulation would deprive our localities of the ability to tailor the industry to their needs,” Cahill, chair of the chamber's insurance committee, said. “There may be communities that want this to be disrupted, and there may be communities that want it to seamlessly enter the arena. It is not ours to dictate where that happens.”
Cuomo's plan would allow localities to regulate ride-hailing companies with respect to traffic and parking, but says requirements about who can drive are “exclusively” the domain of the state. Republicans who control the state Senate advanced legislation that pre-empted local regulation.
Uber and Lyft are able to operate in New York City under the same regulatory scheme as traditional for-hire car services, but cannot operate upstate or in the city's suburbs. As such, upstate lawmakers have been among the most vocal advocates for the legislation, but have differed in the specific parameter. Several Republicans in the chamber said they support local regulation.
On Wednesday, officials from Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester counties wrote a letter to top lawmakers asking that they be allowed to regulate ride-hailing the same way they can regulate other taxi, livery and for-hire cars.
“Under the cover of state operating authority, we believe many of these companies and their agents will operate in violation of our local laws, thinking they are not responsible to our agents,” the officials wrote. “In addition, this new licensing scheme will create an unfair and non-level playing field for our local for-hire vehicle companies.”
Deputy Nassau County executive Charles Ribando told POLITICO that their county currently requires fingerprint and urine testing of commercial drivers, which would not be required under Cuomo's scheme. Uber and Lyft perform background checks of their drivers, but have resisted fingerprinting requirements in other localities.
“Once it's regulated through the DMV and the state, we lose,” Ribando said. “Our major concern is making sure people driving for-hire vehicles out here are responsible and they're vetted properly.”
Uber officials have also said that a statewide regulatory scheme will enable them to operate with greater ease around New York. Alix Anfang, a company spokesperson, said, "While we can't comment on legislation we haven't seen, we hope that the final compromise ensures that all New Yorkers have access to Uber."
In my previous Masterlist article on JPS Control, I claimed that JPS Control had “the best late game plan of any control deck.” After playing Echscavate, I'm no longer sure that claim is true. Originally built as a fun combo deck, I continued to experiment with the deck once I reached Masters and discovered that it's actually a pretty solid control deck in its own right. While it has a weaker aggro matchup than many other control decks, it has great matchups against most midrange and control decks. For a more detailed breakdown of the deck, read on:
Importable Decklist – Echoscavate
3 Excavate (Set1 #71)
4 Seek Power (Set1 #408)
3 Desert Marshal (Set1 #332)
2 East-Wind Herald (Set1 #201)
3 Lightning Storm (Set1 #206)
3 Lightning Strike (Set1 #197)
4 Secret Pages (Set1 #81)
2 Vanquish (Set1 #143)
1 Decay (Set1 #95)
4 Eyes of Winter (Set1 #210)
4 Wisdom of the Elders (Set1 #218)
4 Strongholds's Visage (Set1 #339)
2 Elysian Trailblazer (Set1 #228)
4 Harsh Rule (Set1 #172)
1 Staff of Stories (Set1 #234)
2 Celestial Omen (Set1 #241)
2 Curiox, the Collector (Set1 #366)
2 Swords of the Sky King (Set1 #186)
4 Justice Sigil (Set1 #126)
5 Primal Sigil (Set1 #187)
4 Time Sigil (Set1 #63)
4 Seats of Order (Set0 #51)
4 Seats of Progress (Set0 #58)
4 Seats of Wisdom (Set0 #63)
15 Rares, 4 Legendaries
Total Shiftstone Cost (excluding Power): 30000
Deck Overview
This deck shares many of the cards and primary gameplan of many other TJP Control decks – use your sweepers and removal to control the board while making power drops. Once the deck has stabilized, it searches out its win condition, which in this case is a combo that doesn't win the game on its own, but it ensures that you will never run out of answer and will eventually win the game once your opponent runs out of threats. Opposing unit removal is mostly useless against Echoscavate, because while the deck plays a couple units it doesn't need any of them to survive in order to win.
The Basic Combo
The core part of the combo, and the part that must be established first, requires two copies of Excavate and one copy of Elysian Trailblazer. You only need one Excavate and the Trailblazer in hand, the second Excavate can be in the void. Simply cast Excavate, putting Excavate on top of your deck, then use Trailblazer to give that Excavate echo (hence the deck name Echoscavate). Once you've got an echo'd Excavate, you're ready to go off. The first copy will allow you to draw whatever you need from the void, allowing you to choose what you draw. The second copy will ALWAYS put an Echo'd Excavate back on top, to ensure that you never run out of copies. While this combo is effective on its own, it is very slow. Using only natural draws, you'll alternate between drawing the card you want and a copy of Excavate. Drawing more cards through something like Staff of Stories or the second half of the combo allows you to do much more with your turns.
Extending the Combo
In order to truly combo off, we're going to need to be able to draw two cards a turn. You need to put Wisdom of the Elders back on top of your deck, then give it echo with Elysian Trailblazer. This part can take a while to set up, but once its in place the game is more or less on lockdown. Once both Wisdom and Excavate have echo, you can do the following combo. It requires 10 power, resets you to the beggining of the sequence, and can be performed at fast speed:
Excavate the card you want. Excavate an Echo'd Excavate. Use Wisdom to draw the card you want plus Excavate. Excavate an Echo'd Wisdom of the Elders. Excavate an Echo'd Excavate. Use your second Wisdom to draw Echo'd Wisdom + Excavate, resetting your hand.
Ten power is a lot of power, but this method doesn't interfere with your natural draws and doesn't need to be performed all at once. Just make sure you complete the whole combo before going back to step one, otherwise you'll run out of combo pieces very quickly.
Going Infinite
For some players, spending that much power to durdle was just unacceptably inefficient. Fortunately, you can do everything the previous combo did for 0 power. Not ten, not one, zero. Completely free. However, you can't do it at fast spell speed (unless you go really deep). Drawing Curiox, the Collector will put a Dragon's Eye (pictured above) somewhere in your deck. Celestial Omen or natural draws will eventually allow you to find the Eye, and giving the Eye echo will allow you to perform the Wisdom combo mentioned in the last section for six fewer power. To make our combo completely free, we need one more card – East-Wind Herald. EWH will reduce the cost of the top spell of our deck, which we can easily manipulate with Excavate into ensuring EWH hits another Excavate. This will reduce Excavate's cost from one power to zero, allowing you to combo off for free with Dragon's Eye. While most opponents will have conceded long before now, this combo allows you to draw through your entire deck and void and your leisure. Just be aware that the hand size limit is 9 cards at end of turn and 12 cards otherwise – drawing over twelve cards will cause the new cards you drew to be discarded automatically. This happens frequenly with Dragon's Eye, since it draws you two extra cards per combo cycle.
General Strategy
Just because this deck has a combo in it does NOT mean that it is a combo deck. Establishing the combo is not an early or midgame priority. It's perfectly fine to use the combo pieces for value, as long as you keep in mind how many you have left. The third Excavate you cast must establish the combo, or you cannot get it started.
Echoscavate plays as a control deck with a combo finish. In the early game, your priority is to figure out what your opponent is playing and make power drops. If you opponent is playing an aggressive deck, you need to do everything you can to slow them down and survive. If they are playing a midrange deck, you need to ration your resources while dealing with their threats. Against control, card draw and power drops are top priority. You can try to establish the combo more aggressively in this matchup.
Strengths
This deck shares many of its strengths with other TJP Control decks – strong sweepers, card draw, and a powerful nonunit finisher in Sword of the Sky King. However, the combo gives other control decks something to worry about and helps ensure that you won't run out of answers against an aggro or midrange opponent.
Weaknesses
Like many control decks, if you don't draw your sweepers this deck can be weak to all in aggressive decks. Eye of Winter makes it fairly well positioned against Aegis decks, but the list has limited ways to deal with Relic Weapons. The combo also means the the deck is playing some lower powered cards, and is totally dead in the water to a well timed Backlash on a combo piece.
Card Specific Summary
I'm going to do an actual summary of cards this time, as you've seen many of these cards in TJP control decks before: Seek Power, Secret Pages, Harsh Rule, Lightning Storm… East-Wind Herald, Elysian Trailblazer, and Curiox, the Collector are all included as combo pieces. Excavate is also a combo piece that serves double duty as improving your midgame draws. Celestial Omen helps filter through our deck for combo pieces, answers, or tough to find cards like Dragon's Eye. Eye of Winter and Stronghold's Visage help us stay alive, with Visage additionally buffing Staff of Stories and Sword of the Sky King. The removal suite includes two Vanquish to deal with Endurance threats like Sandstorm Titan and Icaria, the Liberator, three Lightning Strikes to protect against charge and Relic Weapons, and a single Decay to deal with huge Relic Weapons or Azindel's Gift. Rounding out the list is Desert Marshall, who silences Aegis, Dawnwalker, Endurance units, and Champions of Cunning, while also bravely blocking Relic weapons in a pinch.
Conclusion
Echoscavate is a pretty fun control deck to play as it allows you to do pretty much whatever you want once you've stabalized. It's a reasonable control deck at the moment, having game against Rakano Midrange and Mono Justice as well as solid midrange and control matchups. If you enjoy TJP but are looking for an interesting twist on the archetype, or loved the old Excavate Prison decks, this is the deck for you!
SAN FRANCISCO—If you were hoping for a shiny new Apple TV or wearable, you'll be sorely disappointed by Monday's WWDC announcements. But for those interested in advancements for both Apple's mobile and desktop operating systems, iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite spell big news for both developers and consumers alike.
The biggest news for Yosemite is its redesign, which more closely unifies the desktop operating system with iOS. Broader iCloud-based syncing across Apple's operating systems virtually erases the borders between devices. But updates to iOS, and the developer side of iOS, were the key focus of today's presentation. With a slew of new APIs, an entirely new language for developers, and a handful of "kits" (HealthKit and HomeKit) for them to tie into, iOS 8 marks a huge step for iOS.
Tim Cook kicked off Apple's 2014 WWDC keynote, now in its 25th year, by talking about the future of iOS and Mac OS X. Today, we're going to see the future of iOS and Mac OS X, they said, and how they work seamlessly together.
That point was driven home first by Craig Federighi, who introduced the latest version of Mac OS X: Yosemite. The new desktop operating system will have a new interface that borrows heavily from Apple's latest mobile OS. There are also enhancements to popular apps, as well as a new feature called continuity that lets you hand off and pick up tasks you start on one Apple device with another. (See our TL;DR version of today's announcements here.)
OS X Yosemite ————-
The look of Yosemite, from the toolbars to window construction, has been adjusted. Windows and the dock are now translucent. So is FaceTime, Contacts, and Reminders, making them less intrusive on your desktop experience. App icons have also been redesigned with updated typography that looks more modern and iOS-like. There is also a new dark mode for windows and the dock.
Notification Center has that dark translucent background, and now the "Today" view can be expanded with widget information from your favorite apps. It's very Google Now-like, providing you with an assortment of useful information at a glance, on the righthand side of the screen.
Apple
With Yosemite, Apple continues to absorb popular third-party app functionality too—namely, that of Dropbox and Alfred. With Spotlight, you can now tap the magnifying glass to pull up a larger search bar in the center of the screen. From there you can search and open apps, pull up reminders and calendar events, or search information on Wikipedia or the web. Maps is also accessible from Spotlight—you can search for sushi, get map information, results from Yelp, and more. If you search for a movie, it gives you movie location and ticket information when applicable, as well as information about availability in the iTunes Store.
ICloud Drive will be new addition to iCloud. It's essentially a new file storage system that syncs your files automatically across all of your Macs and iOS devices (and Windows, too!). It's a lot like Dropbox, with files organized in folders inside.
Next, Mail Drop, lets you send attachments, up to 5 GB in size, encrypted. And with a new Markup feature, you can edit files you write in your email and send them back on their way—super handy if you need to sign a PDF form and send it to a contact.
Apple
Safari Updates
The Safari navigation bar has also been redesigned. The search field (integrated into the URL field now) offers a drop down menu for your most-viewed sites. There is also a tab view, which offers an at-a-glance view of each tab (stacked according to site). You can also now have a single private tab when you have more discreet browsing needs. Safari has also been updated so that now you get 2 hours better battery life streaming 1080p video on Netflix on a MacBook Air than before. Its Javascript compiler has also been improved so its 6.5 times faster.
When you're using Safari, if you type in something and hit return, you're taken to Google results. Or, you you can pull up one of a set of pre-populated results in a drop down menu, including Wikipedia results for whatever you're searching for. To share an article, you can use a new "recent recipients" feature to share an image you found on a website. When you use markup on a photo in an email, it can recognize that you're drawing an arrow at an object, or a speech bubble, and it replaces your drawn symbols with more professional looking ones.
Apple
Continuity
Federighi also introduced Continuity, which basically makes Airdrop work between iOS and the Mac. Now, if you're working on something on a Mac, you can pick up right where you left off on your iPad, or vice versa. This is called "Handoff." It works even if you're composing an email. This, we're super excited about.
Message has also been updated, and with Voice calls you can now receive calls directly on your Mac, using it as a speakerphone. It works if your phone is all the way across the house on a charger. You can also dial from your Mac. If you see a number on a webpage, you can call it, right from your desktop.
OS X Yosemite is available as a developer preview today. Everyone else can get it in the fall as a free download.
Apple
iOS 8 —–
On the iOS front, over 130 million people bought their first Apple iOS device last year, according to Tim Cook, who went on to describe iOS 8 as "a giant release." Craig Federighi came back onstage to elaborate. Starting with iPhone, notification center has been refined with interactive notifications. If you get a message, you can now pull down to reply to the text, without leaving whatever app you're in. Same with a calendar event—even on the lock screen, you can swipe to respond. Double tapping the home screen now gives you access not just to recent apps, but recent contacts too. With these actionable notifications, you can also like a photo on Facebook right from your homescreen.
Apple
On the iPad, Safari gets the new tab view features as well. On Mail, you can delete or flag an email with a simple swipe. You can also swipe downwards on a message to minimize an email and get access to other messages.
Mail can also give you suggestions to add events to your calendar. You can swipe down to minimize a message, copy something if you need to, then tap at the bottom to bring that message back to the forefront of your mail experience.
Spotlight on iOS now lets you search for apps you own, as well as ones you don't (on the App Store). You can search for news, songs, restaurants, and movies, getting results for nearby theaters and streaming content. And when you search in Safari, you get Google suggestions as well as those same at-a-glance Spotlight suggestions.
Heavy typers will also enjoy iOS 8. A new keyboard feature called Quicktype, which supports predictive typing selections, lets you type "faster than ever before." If someone asks you, "Do you want to go for dinner or a movie?" Your reply gives you options to select automatically, including "dinner" and "a movie," so you can reply in a snap. This is great—Android and Windows Phone have been far more advanced in this respect than iOS. Apple also says that your typing is kept private—none of your keystrokes leave the device.
Apple
Messages
Messages, the most frequently used app in iOS, is getting some updates too—specifically with threads and the efficiency of sending messages. You can now name threads, and add or remove people from a conversation. If you're taking part in an annoying thread that's messaging you all the time, you can choose to "Do Not Disturb" it, or leave the thread, so you aren't bombarded with constant notifications.
You can also get an at-a-glance view of attachments from a thread, and share your location easily. This is available under a "Details" button in the upper righthand corner of the message view. By tapping the mic icon next to the message compose field you can also tap to talk more easily and even record what you want to say as an audio message, or easily send video messages. For the messages you receive, you can choose to keep them, or they'll "autodestruct" after a certain amount of time, so that they aren't taking up needed space on your device. And you can listen and reply to audio messages from the lock screen just by raising your iPhone to your ear—and reply to it the same way. Lower the phone, and that message you just recorded gets sent.
Siri has not been forgotten. Now, they can recognize music with Shazam, and supports 20 more languages, among other improvements.
Apple
HealthKit
Health is one of the key things we've been waiting to hear from Apple on in today's keynote. As expected, Federighi introduced HealthKit, a single space where developers can contribute to your health profile. It comes with an associated app, Health. Apple is working with Nike and the Mayo Clinic on HealthKit integration. With the Mayo Clinic, patients can be in contact with their healthcare providers, so they can monitor their patients vitals. Your privacy is protected, so you can control which apps can access your health information. Overall, it sounds far less robust than a lot of the Healthbook rumors we've been hearing indicated.
Apple
Photos
For the new Photos app, every photo you take is now synced with iCloud so it's available on all of your devices. Apple also bolstered search, so you can search for photos based on location, time, and album name. Editing controls have also been improved, and edits are persistent across all of your devices. The Mac will also have a new photo solution for viewing photos, letting you view photos by collection, scrub through them, or browse through them, in a new, iOS-reminiscent interface. When you select a photo, you can make lighting adjustments that show you in real time how different aspects of the photo (like saturation and contrast) are being affected.
Unfortunately, storing those photos in the cloud isn't going to be free, unless you're using 5 GB or less. Apple has updated its pricing scheme. For 20 GB or less, it costs $1 a month.
App Store
On the App Store front, Apple is adding an Explore tab letting you search for trending topics and apps by genre. Related searches will appear right below the search bar and offer you options for similar search terms. Developers can also sell their apps in app bundles now, so users can buy multiple apps at a discounted price with just one tap. You can also get app previews (something Windows Phone has already offered). But while Windows lets you preview a limited version of the app, Apple just gives you a video preview of it. Apple is also offering a beta test service called Testflight.
Apple
Extensions
The developer SDK was another big part of today's news. Apple has added 4,000 new developer APIs. One is Extensibility. Apps from the app store can now extend system wide, and add services to other apps. Extensions live inside an app's isolated sandbox. A sandbox is how Apple keeps iOS safe. But now, an app like Bing can offer translations inside of Safari. Photo filters are now supported inside of photos, and third parties can support different document providers. Third party apps can also create widgets which are supported in Notification Center. This is huge.
In a demo, Federighi showed how eBay has an interactive widget in Notification Center. Inside Notification Center, you can tap it and submit a leading bid without needing to visit the app itself. On Safari, you can bring up the action sheet, select Bing Translate, and translate a page in a foreign language to English. Pinterst also has an extension here, so you can easily pin an item to a Pinterest board. TouchID is now available to third party apps, which should make logging into apps much more streamlined. Extensions are really going to streamline the flow of iOS.
You can also now install systemwide third-party keyboards—one of the huge advantages Android users have held over iOS users. Apple used Swype, a popular Android keyboard as an example, so it's likely will be seeing this available on iOS soon.
Apple
HomeKit and CloudKit
Along with Healthkit, Apple introduced HomeKit. It uses a common network protocol so only your iPhone can control things like your garage door, the lights, or the thermostat in your home. It's bringing "rationality" to the home automation space, according to Federighi.
CloudKit is another new features for developers, a new iCloud developer framework. It's "effectively free," and scales data allocated to the app based on the number of users, granting you a petabyte of data, and a whole lot of bandwidth for free.
Apple
Games
Developers were also introduced to Metal, another new feature for those working on computation and graphics intensive gaming apps. According to Apple, it'll give developers greater direct access to the CPU and GPU, so they can do things like depth of field effects, and other formerly console-only effects, onto a mobile device. Metal provides a 10-fold increase in rendering efficiency for apps. A demo showed the type of effects Epic Games was able to produce in a "zen garden" app. Using your finger, you can manipulate the wind, and watch its effect on 5,000 cherry blossom pedals floating from a tree to the ground. In another scene, 3,500 individually animated butterflies filled the screen. This Zen Garden app will be free in the App Store when iOS 8 becomes available this fall.
Apple
Swift
But perhaps the biggest news of the day related to X-Code, Apple's development platform. Developers have always had to code in Objective C, but not anymore. Apple unveiled an entirely new programming language called Swift. It's fast, modern, and designed for safety, according to Federighi. For a complex object sort task, Objective C is 2.8x faster than Python, and Swift is faster than that. It includes things like generics, closures, namespaces, and multiple return types—things most of us may not care about too much, but that developers in the audience are going gaga over. Swift reduces 4 to 5 lines of code to one. It's completely native to Cocoa and Cocoa Touch, and has the same runtime as Objective C. So in the same app, you can use Objective C, C, and Swift, interchangeably. It also offers more dynamism for development.
Essentially, Swift makes it really easy to try out new things, and see the results very quickly. Swift will come with complete X-code support, and reference documentations in iBooks.
As of today, iOS 8 beta will be available to developers. The rest of us will get it this fall. And with that, Apple closed today's WWDC keynote presentation.
Microsoft revealed yesterday that its Azure cloud computing service is extending support to the open source Linux operating system. And in a blog entry this afternoon, Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth announced that Canonical is working with Microsoft to support the popular Ubuntu Linux distribution on the Azure platform.
Canonical will supply official Ubuntu images for Azure and will provide its commercial support services to customers that are deploying Ubuntu in Microsoft's cloud. After an Azure update that is coming in the fall, users will be able to purchase a Canonical support contract directly through Microsoft's Azure Gallery.
Cloud computing is an important market for Canonical, which has been trying to boost its visibility in the server market. Canonical has recently focused on increasing Ubuntu's suitability for adoption in cloud environments with projects like the Metal as a Service provisioning tool and the Juju service orchestration framework. The company has also worked to build a presence in private clouds by working to support OpenStack and Eucalyptus.
It's unsurprising that Canonical is trying to get a good foot in the door for Ubuntu on Azure. Microsoft will also benefit from having partners in the Linux ecosystem as it works to make Azure a competitive offering compared to the cloud services offered by rivals such as Amazon.
In a blog entry about Canonical's partnership with Microsoft, Shuttleworth described Azure as an "impressive new entrant" in the hosted cloud computing market. They also praised the Azure team, saying that they possess a "sophisticated understanding of Ubuntu and Linux in general."
Canonical and Microsoft have had little interaction in the past. Ubuntu's symbolic Bug #1, which was filed by Shuttleworth himself, declares that putting an end to Microsoft's dominant position in the PC market is one of the Ubuntu project's chief goals. In their blog post about partnering with Microsoft to support Ubuntu on Azure, Shuttleworth emphasizes that the relationship will not conflict with Ubuntu's values.
"I know there will be members of the free software community that will leap at the chance to berate Microsoft for its very existence, but it's not very Ubuntu to do so: let's argue our perspective, work towards our goals, be open to those who are open to us, and build great stuff," they wrote. "There is nothing proprietary in Ubuntu-for-Azure, and no about-turn from us on long-held values."
From a business standpoint, the relationship will be mutually beneficial for Microsoft and Canonical. Although some Linux enthusiasts might not be happy about seeing Canonical officially support Microsoft's cloud offering, the reality is that Ubuntu will benefit from being able to run in that environment. If Azure support helps strengthen Ubuntu's enterprise clout, it could help bring more resources and adopters to the Ubuntu ecosystem.
After Walter Scott was shot and killed by a North Charleston, South Carolina, police officer, advocates noted that traffic stops are often a pretext for searching or questioning citizens of color. Scott, who was pulled over for having a taillight out, was wanted for failing to pay child support, and it's speculated that led them to run away. They were shot in the back as they ran. In North Charleston, police made traffic stops involving African Americans far out of proportion to their percentage of the population. That isn't the case in Waller County. Statewide, stops and citations for black people in Texas are actually lower than their share of the overall population, and the same holds true for stops by the Waller County sheriff and police in the towns of Hempstead and Prairie View.
But this might be one of the few areas where there isn't evidence of racially disparate outcomes in Waller County, a place with a grim history of discrimination and tension—“racism from the cradle to the grave,” as DeWayne Charleston, a former county judge, put it to The Guardian.
The history is especially painful because Waller County was for a time a beacon of black progress. During Reconstruction, an office of the Freedmen's Bureau opened in the county seat of Hempstead, and federal troops—including, for a time, some commanded by George Custer—occupied to keep the peace. Not coincidentally, the Ku Klux Klan also set up shop. Nonetheless, Hempstead became a locus of black political activity and hosted the Republican Party's statewide convention in 1875. In 1876, the predecessor of Prairie View A&M was established, and in the 1880 Census, the county was majority black.
But the last two decades of the century saw an influx of white immigrants from Eastern Europe, and that dilution of the black vote, along with the end of Reconstruction, reduced blacks to a minority and slashed their political power. After a 1903 law established “white primaries,” African Americans were effectively shut out of politics—such that in a county with some 8,000 black voters, only 144 Republican votes were cast in 1912, according to The Handbook of Texas. Waller County, as Leah Binkovitz notes, had among the highest numbers of lynchings in the state between 1877 and 1950, according to a comprehensive report by the Equal Justice Initiative.
This may seem like distant history, but it set something of a pattern for the county's race relations through to the present—and as the events of the last year have made clear, a place's history is often an effective predictor of how it treats its black residents, from St. Louis County to Cuyahoga County. In fact, the disenfranchisement of black voters in Waller County has continued to be a source of contention.
In 2004, students at Prairie View A&M fought and won a battle over their right to vote in the county. District Attorney Oliver Kitzman claimed the students were ineligible to vote in Waller County and could only cast ballots in their home counties, despite clear Supreme Court precedent showing they were allowed to register. Kitzman threatened to prosecute any student who voted. It wasn't their first clash with black residents, who accused the district attorney of deploying a range of intimidation tactics. Kitzman denied any racism, and told The Los Angeles Times that any racial issues in the county could be solved “if we took several of the players and sent them to Los Angeles.”
Mike Ashley has an 8% stake in Rangers and has loaned the club £3m
Rangers fans have dropped an attempt to take court action to prevent any move to give Mike Ashley security over Ibrox Stadium in return for loan funding.
The Newcastle United owner is willing to provide £10m, secured against Ibrox and the Murray Park training ground.
And the Rangers Supporters Trust says it has been given advice that a legal challenge would not be successful.
But it believes it might be able to take action against individual directors should Rangers proceed.
The trust's statement comes the day after about 600 Rangers fans gathered outside the stadium to chant against Ashley and club directors after the Scottish Championship game against Hearts was abandoned.
Ranger fans protested against the board on Friday evening
Former director Dave King, who bought a 15% shareholding this month, lodged paperwork calling for a general meeting to remove the four current directors.
The RST had also hoped to take its court action on behalf of shareholders on Friday but is now concentrating on winning a vote at that general meeting and urging fans to help it buy more shares.
"The only way we can carry on our work to try to save Ibrox and reclaim the club is by the supporters backing us and signing up in large numbers to the RST," a statement read.
"Every single vote at the upcoming AGM will be crucial."
Ashley, who has an 8.29% stake in Rangers. has already provided £3m in loans and Rangers require more emergency funding to pay January's wages.
Advance notices of loan securities against Ibrox and Murray Park were lodged at the Register of Scotland on 13 January in the name of Ashley's Sports Direct retail company.
Mike Ashley's Sports Direct controls Rangers' retail operation
The trust hoped to challenge that in court because Rangers released a statement last year assuring fans that the stadium would never be used as security.
Its statement continued: "It is the opinion of both our senior counsel, junior counsel and solicitors that we can take no further action at this time.
"It is quite clear from their detailed examination of statements made by the board regarding Ibrox that, whilst giving the impression to fans and shareholders that they were making a commitment not to grant security over Ibrox, the board was in fact meticulously careful not to stray into language which would actually give such a legal commitment.
"We have, however, been advised of various possible remedies, including those against individual directors, which may be available to us should the board actually go ahead and grant the security. We will continue to monitor this very, very closely."
The trust suggested Rangers' statement had been misleading and accused Rangers directors of "acting in their own interests and those of Mr Ashley rather than the shareholders and fans of Rangers".
South Africa-based business person King hopes to remove directors David Somers, James Easdale, Derek Llambias and Barry Leach from Rangers' board at the general meeting.
A new Amazon listing for Viz's first volume of the Dragon Ball Super manga's print edition is dated for 02 May 2017.
Though the listing notes Akira Toriyama as the “author” and Toyotarou as the “aritst”, the text provided misleadingly describes this particular product as, “…written by Akira Toriyama himself!”; while the underlying story is indeed provided by Akira Toriyama, both Toyotarō and Toei Animation have been free to make their own embellishments and adjustments to the manga and TV series, respectively.
Goku's adventure from the best-selling classic manga Dragon Ball continues in this new series written by Akira Toriyama himself! Ever since Goku became Earth's greatest hero and gathered the seven Dragon Balls to defeat the evil Boo, their life on Earth has grown a little dull. But new threats loom overhead, and Goku and their friends will have to defend the planet once again in this continuation of Akira Toriyama's best-selling series, Dragon Ball! Having defeated Boo, Goku is starting to get bored with their life on Earth. Their wife, Chi-chi, wants them to get a job, but all they want to do is train and fight stronger enemies. Elsewhere in the universe, the God of Destruction, Beerus, and their attendant Whis are traveling from planet to planet in search of food and entertainment. After blowing up some hapless victims, Beerus is reminded of a man from their dreams with the moniker “Super Saiyan God,” or something like that… The God of Destruction sets their sights on Earth to track down this mysterious man! Maybe this will give Goku something to do?
The Dragon Ball Super manga began in June 2015 as a promotional tie-in for the television series. The manga runs monthly in Shueisha's V-Jump magazine, with the series' fourteenth chapter set to be released this week in the magazine's September 2016 issue. Illustrated by “Toyotarō” (in all likelihood, a second pen-name used by Dragon Ball AF fan manga author and illustrator “Toyble”), the Dragon Ball Super manga covered the Battle of Gods re-telling, skipped the Resurrection ‘F' re-telling, and “charged ahead” to the Champa arc to act as further promotion for the television series. The first collected volume, covering the first nine chapters and one bonus chapter, was released this past April in Japan. Viz has thus far made the first three chapters available on their website for free.
Thanks to @Adil_OPP for the heads-up!
At 3.15pm on the Monday before last, Tony Abbott was sitting in the Prime Ministerial Suite preparing to meet a group of girl guides.
Such occasions were a regular feature of sitting weeks in parliament and among the many public duties of the leader. Normally on a sitting day after Question Time concludes, there would be school groups and community groups waiting in the PM's courtyard for photos.
That fateful Monday had been shaping up to be no different to any other day.
That was until Julie Bishop came into their office before Question Time and put them on notice. And then in waltzes Malcolm Turnbull.
It was a conversation that lasted several minutes, Abbott recalls, without revealing the precise words they used to respond.
“Our friend was in the office giving me their assessment of the government and telling me what they were about to do,” the now former PM told The Saturday Telegraph in their first formal interview since the coup.
“It was a conversation with Malcolm that had to be a little more than 30 seconds. Nevertheless (the girl guides) had to wait five or 10 minutes.
“No doubt they went off to get on the phones and prepare their statement … and I went out into the courtyard and met with girl guides and school groups.
“Whatever might have been going through my mind, the fact is you still have a job to do. Every moment you are in that job you have a job to do and it's important to do it with dignity and grace.”
media_camera PM Tony Abbott meeting Girls Guides after Question Time in the PM Courtyard at Parliament House in Canberra.
Abbott could be forgiven for thinking that the gods have been unkind to him, both before and after their fall.
In exile they will reside in a modest backbenchers' office on the ground floor of Parliament House, which they said had belonged to Warren Entsch, their nemesis on the gay marriage bill.
Worse still, they will mark those days left in office knowing that right next door is the office now occupied by the banished former Speaker and once close friend Bronwyn Bishop, who many partially blame for their downfall.
‘Budgie buddies forever!!'
Nevertheless, their new office is buzzing with activity. Staff come in and out. One stops to talk about how resilient Abbott has been and how despite their own obvious upset, had spent the past week playing agony aunt to their staff.
Paintings are still packed in bubble wrapper in the reception area waiting to be hung. Two didgeridoos stand in the corner next to a lamp table. Staff move things around and try to cram the things accumulated over a lifetime in politics. Behind a chair is a framed shirt signed by their mates following the 2013 election victory.
“Budgie buddies forever!!” one inscription from a fellow club member reads.
type_quote_start “Obviously I know, having been a practitioner of politics in this country, that the top job has never been less secure … it is obvious” type_quote_end
In their own personal office, a photo of them and an SAS team from Swanbourne in WA stands on a mantelpiece next to a framed award from the Australian Federal Police, which arrived on Thursday. It thanked them for their service and their tenancy at the police college in Barton, where they chose to stay when in Canberra. And behind their desk, peering over their left shoulder, is a dark stone bust of Winston Churchill, as if to say “I warned you''.
It would be fair to say that Abbott is no longer in shock. Rather they live in a world of temporary disbelief.
“Obviously I know, having been a practitioner of politics in this country, that the top job has never been less secure … it is obvious,” they told The Saturday Telegraph.
“But certainly I never thought having watched the Labor Party implode that the Coalition would want to venture own the same path. My judgment turned out to be wrong.”
Their judgment on policy, however, clearly wasn't wrong.
media_camera Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott arrives surrounded by fellow MPs for a leadership ballot of the Liberal National Party at Parliament House in Canberra, Monday, Sept. 14. Picture: AAP
Turnbull has vowed to keep almost all of them — even acknowledging Abbott's achievements as being “formidable”.
On this score alone, history will be obliged to judge Abbott accordingly.
“In a policy sense there is very little departure,” Abbott says. “Border protection policy the same, national security policy the same, economic policy the same … even same-sex marriage policy the same, and climate change policy the same. In fact the rhetoric is the same.
“You can always say ‘what about the bloody Prince Philip knighthood' and obviously that was a blunder and you can say ‘well things could have been better marketed' but of course there is always a sense of things could be better marketed.
“But if you look at the substance of policies and the circumstances, I think it has all been done very well.
“The policy hasn't changed and indeed the rhetoric hasn't changed. Again, it is not about me but obviously these are questions that people may ponder.”
Ever since their “near-death experience” in February, Abbott knew that Turnbull would eventually come after him. There was a sense of this from day one in government.
But Abbott was convinced that only a lunatic would try it on in the week before the Canning by-election.
There is little doubt among Abbott's supporters that Turnbull acted when they did for one reason only. The internal polling on Canning was showing a swing of between 5 and 6 per cent — the normal swing against a government in a by-election. Indeed, the postal votes now record that the swing, while Abbott was still leader, was 5.9 per cent.
The ordinary vote, registered under the new leader Turnbull, was 6.8 per cent.
So much for the Abbott factor.
media_camera PM Tony Abbott meeting Girls Guides after Question Time in the PM Courtyard at Parliament House in Canberra.
It is now clear that Turnbull's camp knew that a good result in Canning would have sucked the momentum out of their campaign to become leader. Abbott says that now is not the time for political scores to be settled. No doubt that day will come.
type_quote_start “We have now had five prime ministers in five years...” type_quote_end
But they are adamant that the record at least be set, in terms of their achievements and their concern registered for the future of the Australian polity.
“We have now had five prime ministers in five years,” they say. “The rest of the world is a little surprised and shocked at what seems to them like unprecedented instability in a country that has always been a rock of stability. Obviously in the two years I was PM, Australia was a very reliable partner and friend to many countries and I think the steadiness and composure of our conduct abroad lent other leaders to believe there was a steadiness and composure at home.
“But there is no doubt our domestic politics have been utterly febrile certainly for the last five years.”
There are two fundamental issues at stake now for Australia, Abbott believes.
“Issue No.1 is how can governments make the decisions about difficult and necessary reforms if prime ministers are subject to the kind of death by opinion poll which we have seen in recent times,” they say.
“And how can we rebuild public trust in public institutions if the prime ministers they vote for are constantly being changed as a result of party room coups.
“The commentariat have now got the PM they want but the public have lost the PM they vote for … this is a real issue for our country.
“Given that our country needs to be capable of tough decisions sustained over significant period of time, what are the implications for our future of this revolving door prime ministership?
“One of the reasons why I very much hope the new Prime Minister and their government will succeed is that the last thing we need is six prime ministers in six years, which is what will happen if the incumbent loses.”
As for Abbott's future, they are sure of one thing.
“Look, I'm not going to make any hard and fast decisions this side of Christmas,” they say.
“I think I'm far too young to retire.
“Obviously I still think I have quite a lot to contribute in public life.''
Originally published as Tony and me: Abbott on life after PM
The electronic cigarette (als known as e-cigarette or e-cig) sector is proving to be fruitful – and profitable – ground for startups. Numbers are on the rise across the globe. ECigIntelligence, a sector publication, estimated that in 2014 there are around 1.5million regular vapers in the UK alone, with around one million who vape less regularly (according to the 2014 market statistics, the latest available). This is out of a total smoking population of around 10 million.
These numbers are supported by newly published research from the European Commission – the executive body of the EU.In its most recent Eurobarometer survey on European attitudes towards tobacco and e-cigarettes, it found that 12% of EU consumers (out of an estimated population of 503 million) had tried an e-cigarette with 2% using them regularly.
And although e-cigarette firms are prohibited from marketing their products as aids to smoking cessation, this is proving to be a driving factor amongst consumers – with some success. 24% of people in Ireland reported successfully stopping smoking with the help of e-cigarettes, with high rates also reported in the UK (21%) and Latvia (18%).
“Overall, at least one in ten in 19 Member States say e-cigarettes helped them stop smoking tobacco completely,” the report said.
But critics say that e-cigarettes would be a self-defeating business if they were really concerned with weaning people off nicotine altogether. Equally – they say – e-cigarettes ‘glamourise' the act of smoking and could act as a gateway to tobacco use later on – particularly for younger adapters.
Neither of these arguments is completely true. Almost all e-liquid (the liquid which e-cigarettes use to produce vapour) manufacturers produce e-liquids with varying strengths of nicotine. This – in theory – means that former smokers should be able to slowly move down in nicotine strengths over time before eventually vaping with nicotine-free e-liquid or ceasing altogether.
Industry talk about this has died down over the past year – according to a UK e-cig executive that asked not to be named – and the more cynical could see a business strategy in providing a wide variety of flavours at the zero-nicotine level to keep vapers interested.
But even if that is not the case and most of the industry wants vapers to eventually put down their e-cigs, it should not be of too great a concern, the executive adds. There is a significant amount of time before the entirety of the smoking population switches to e-cigs, the exec says (approximately 85% of UK smokers are not currently regularly using e-cigs for example) and it is not a factor that has impacted the viability, sales or profits of producers of approved nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) products, which are meant to eliminate nicotine dependence and cease to be used.
Meanwhile the idea that e-cigarettes can act as a gateway product to later tobacco use is questionable at best. Gateway theory has been roundly debunked for its use in a wide variety of other areas – most notably marijuana as a gateway into heavier drugs.
The numbers in the Eurobarometer survey do not support the idea either. Less than 1% of never-smokers in any country currently use e-cigarettes and only 2% across the EU have ever tried one. Some U.S. youth tobacco use survey have reported high uptake of e-cigs amongst American high-school students. Part of this can be ascribed to experimentation amongst youth that is likely to have happened anyway (conventional tobacco use continues to decline, although overall nicotine numbers are staying constant) but going through the various issues around this would take another entire article.
Either way, many in the e-cig industry want to move e-cigarettes away from any association with conventional cigarettes – including ceasing to call e-cigarettes by that name in favour of something like vape pen, moving the industry from cigalike products to tank products (next generation e-cigs with better performance that are significantly larger than conventional rolled cigarettes), making products that no longer resemble combustible cigarettes and ridding the sector of the influence of Big Tobacco (admittedly impossible and not necessarily the best thing to do anyway).
As the sector advances and e-cigarettes continue to grow in design and capability, more and more startups will start to look at these options.
Source
This story is about Published May. 2016
Sources: Rangers, City of Arlington will announce plans for new retractable-roof stadium; more info to come Friday afternoon Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers fans find shade at the top of the stadium as they watch a game against the Chicago White Sox at Globe Life Park on Wednesday, May 11, 2016, in Arlington. The Rangers won the game 6-5. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
Editor's note: This story has been updated to reflect information about a Friday announcement between Arlington and the Rangers. The Rangers appear destined for a new stadium. And sooner than you think. According to two major league sources, the Rangers and City of Arlington are about to announce plans for a new retractable-roof stadium that is expected to come online earlier than the current lease expires following the 2023 season. The team and the city announced Friday morning a joint media briefing at 1:30 p.m. Friday about a proposed "public-private partnership," though further details were not released.
Live video: Rangers to unveil early plans for new Arlington stadium
It is uncertain how far ahead of the 2024 season the new stadium could be opened -- or how it would be financed -- but getting into a new retractable-roof stadium ahead of time is likely to significantly increase the value of the club and add multiple years of new revenue streams. Construction of a new stadium likely would be subject to an election by Arlington voters -- probably to dedicate sales tax and potentially parking and ticket taxes to the construction effort.
The Star-Telegram reported that a new $900 million ballpark be split equally between the city and the Rangers. WFAA-TV (Channel 8) reported that an election would be held in November to dedicate Arlington's half-cent sales tax currently paying off the Cowboys AT&T Stadium to the new Rangers ballpark. Neither City of Arlington nor Rangers officials confirmed a news conference for Friday, but City of Arlington Marketing Communications manager Jay Warren released an optimistic statement about the future between the parties. "For more than four decades, Arlington and the Texas Rangers have had a strong relationship," Warren said. "That relationship was further strengthened last year with the announcement of the public-private partnership between the City and the Rangers for the proposed Texas Live! development in our Entertainment District. We look forward to continuing that relationship for many years to come. The City has no other comment at this time."
In negotiations with the Rangers, Arlington had one trump card over all other local municipalities: It had the ability to essentially tear up the final years on the current lease and get the Rangers into a new ballpark before the 2024 season -- when the current lease with the city expires. In December, the Rangers and the city announced plans for Texas Live!, a $200 million public-private development adjacent to Globe Life Park, the current stadium. Just last week, it was revealed that the city plans to pay off its debt on AT&T Stadium nearly seven years early, in 2021. That news was expected to improve the city's credit rating, making it easier to borrow for other long-term projects. The Rangers have also purchased the adjoining parking lots from former team owner Tom Hicks. So, Texas now has control of the surrounding property for additional development or just the revenue generated by the parking lots.
City of Arlington and the Texas Rangers This computer rendering shows the proposed entertainment complex and hotel that Arlington and the Texas Rangers are considering building near Globe Life Park. It is unclear how these plans would be impacted if a new stadium is built.
The Ballpark in Arlington was originally built for approximately $191 million, but any new stadium would certainly eclipse the $500 million mark. The Miami Marlins play in the newest retractable-roof stadium. The publicly financed ballpark and parking complex cost $639 million, according to Forbes.com. Though the timing of the pending announcement may seem early, a new stadium ensures that cities like Dallas will not be able to steal the Rangers from Arlington. Dallas tried to lure the Rangers from their neighbors in 1988 before Arlington voters agreed to chip in $135 million to build a new stadium next to the old Arlington Stadium. The Ballpark in Arlington - which was rechristened Globe Life Park two years ago - opened in 1994 and drew inspiration from the retro stadium style that started with Camden Yards in downtown Baltimore. The red brick stadium evoked early 20th century ballparks, but ever since it was built, fans have complained about the summer heat. There's no doubt the heat has suppressed attendance during the summer, even when the Rangers have been in contention. Though plans for a new stadium in Arlington haven't been announced, current MLB trends point to smaller stadiums. And stadium life expectancy isn't what it used to be.
The Atlanta Braves, who have called the edge of downtown Atlanta home since 1966, struck a deal with suburban Cobb County to move to a new plot of land there in 2017. In doing so, they will abandon Turner Field after just 20 seasons.
Turner Field has been beset by a litany of problems. Among them: There has been virtually no development around the park, there is limited team-controlled parking, there are problems with access and egress and the Braves' ticket base has been moving farther and farther north -- and away -- from the stadium.
Pros and cons of a new Rangers ballpark
But the proposed $200 million Texas Live! mixed-venue project made it clear that Arlington wanted the Rangers to stay for the long haul. The Arlington City Council unanimously approved several resolutions in December to go forward with a deal for a 100,000-square-foot entertainment complex and upscale hotel across the street from the team's ballpark. The Fort Worth Star Telegram reported last week that construction of the Texas Live! project -- including several restaurant,pubs and live music venues -- would be delayed several months and wouldn't be open until the 2018 season. The hotel would be open in time for the 2019 season, the newspaper reported. Construction for the hotel is slated for the corner of Randol Mill Road and Nolan Ryan Expressway, southwest of the current stadium. It is unclear if those plans would change if a new stadium was built. On Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
This Topic is Missing Your Voice.
Stu Nettle
Did you read about the Japanese surfer that was rescued six kilometres off Wollongong last weekend? A lot of people did, it was the most popular article on Swellnet last week, plus it copped airplay on national and international media.
The popularity was kicked along by the inherent mystery. What was old mate doing six kilometres out to sea? The surf that day was tiny, there's no way a current could drag them that far. It was a story ripe for conspiracy. Was it an immigration scam? A drug drop off? Aliens? Who the hell knew..?
Well wonder no more, dear readers. Swellnet has solved the mystery.
Coming in from a surf at Sandon Point today I noticed a fella, a Japanese fella, camped under a tarp below the cliff. They had a yellow mini mal by their side. I'd seen them out in the surf earlier but thought nothing of it.
But when I came in the penny dropped. And being a nosy bastard I sidled up to their makeshift camp and began a subtle line of questioning:
“Are you the bloke who got rescued last weekend?”
They looked at me warily. “Oh...no...nooo.”
However it was him, they were just hesitant to talk about it.
“What's your name?” I asked.
“Toru,” they replied.
“I saw you surfing this morning, Toru. You go alright. How did you get in trouble?”
And seeing I was genuinely curious, Toru, in their broken English, began telling me what happened.
“The surf was very small, and I paddled out late. It was going to be a full moon that night. I stayed out to watch the moon rise and then the wind died off and it was still. Very, very nice...”
And then they asked me a question. “Do you like nature?”
“I like to surf,” I offered.
“I much like being in nature,” countered Toru, “and it was very nice out there. I wanted to....feel it.”
“But you were out there all night.”
“Yes. I could see the lights [from the land] and I watched the full moon and I relaxed. I wanted to see the sunrise while the moon was still in the sky.” They made a gesture to represent this. They splayed their arms wide, held each hand open as if one was the moon and the other the sun, while planet Earth was their big smiling head in the middle.
So that was it then? They were out there having an extended communion with nature. An overnight enduro on the ocean.
I flashed on the time I crossed the Nullabor Plain in midsummer. Just as I was wondering how any living thing could survive in the 45° heat I came upon a Japanese fella on a bicycle laden with luggage and camping gear. I can also recall a few other times I've seen Japanese travellers shirking comfort and travelling hard.
Maybe the Japanese have an inclination for solo endurance travel. If so, Toru was simply continuing the tradition, albeit with a slightly herbal bent. I asked them about the boat that rescued him.
“I paddled near it because I liked the shape of it.” They again made a gesture, this time to show the enormous girth of the container ship.
“But then someone appeared on the rail and saw me.” Toru is adamant they didn't need to be rescued. “I was tired, a bit cold, but I was OK. It was...very embarrassing.” It's hard to be a stealth traveller when you're on the international news. They were also concerned he'd been a nuisance to the rescuers.
Since that day a week ago Toru has been camping and surfing around Wollongong, focussing on Sandon Point, but he's worried their infamy has cruelled a shot at the sets. Sandon locals don't give too many waves away at even the best of times.
As we were chatting in Toru's makeshift camp an older local walked past on their way for a surf. “You got the best view in town, mate.”
But the view also came with blazing sun and wind blown salt. I asked Toru if they wanted to come back to my joint, have a shower, sleep in a clean bed.
“Maybe tomorrow night,” they said. “I want to be first out in the surf tomorrow.”
It's 10pm as I type this. For all I know he's out there right now.
Connect Four Connect 4 game board and box Designer(s) Howard Wexler[1]
Ned Strongin[2] Publisher(s) Milton Bradley / Hasbro Publication date 1974 Genre(s) Abstract strategy Players 2 Playing time 1 - 10 minutes
Connect Four (also known as Captain's Mistress, Four Up, Plot Four, Find Four, Four in a Row, Four in a Line, Drop Four, and Gravitrips (in Soviet Union)) is a two-player connection game in which the players first choose a color and then take turns dropping one colored disc from the top into a seven-column, six-row vertically suspended grid. The pieces fall straight down, occupying the lowest available space within the column. The objective of the game is to be the first to form a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal line of four of one's own discs. Connect Four is a solved game. The first player can always win by playing the right moves.
The game was first sold under the Connect Four trademark[3] by Milton Bradley in February 1974.
Gameplay [ edit ]
Gameplay of Connect Four
Object: Connect four of your checkers in a row while preventing your opponent from doing the same. But, look out -- your opponent can sneak up on you and win the game! Milton Bradley, Connect Four "Pretty Sneaky, Sis" television commercial, 1977[4]
A gameplay example (right), shows the first player starting Connect Four by dropping one of his/her yellow discs into the center column of an empty game board. The two players then alternate turns dropping one of their discs at a time into an unfilled column, until the second player, with red discs, achieves a diagonal four in a row, and wins the game. For games where the board fills up before either player achieves four in a row, then the games are a draw.
Mathematical solution [ edit ]
Connect Four is a two-player game with "perfect information". This term describes games where one player at a time plays, players have all the information about moves that have taken place, and all moves that can take place, for a given game state. Connect Four also belongs to the classification of an adversarial, zero-sum game, since a player's advantage is an opponent's disadvantage.
One measure of complexity of the Connect Four game is the number of possible games board positions. For classic Connect Four played on 6 high, 7 wide grids, there are 4,531,985,219,092 positions[5] for all game boards populated with 0 to 42 pieces.
The game was first solved by James Dow Allen (October 1, 1988), and independently by Victor Allis (October 16, 1988).[6] Allis describes a knowledge-based approach,[7] with nine strategies, as a solution for Connect Four. Allen also describes winning strategies[8][9] in their analysis of the game. At the time of the initial solutions for Connect Four, brute-force analysis was not deemed feasible given the game's complexity and the computer technology available at the time.
Connect Four has since been solved with brute force methods beginning with John Tromp's work in compiling an 8-ply database[6][10] (February 4, 1995). The artificial intelligence algorithms able to strongly solve Connect Four are minimax or negamax, with optimizations that include alpha-beta pruning, move ordering, and transposition tables. The code for solving Connect Four with these methods is also the basis for the Fhourstones[11] integer performance benchmark.
The solved conclusion for Connect Four is first player win. With perfect play, the first player can force a win,[6][7][8] on or before the 41st move[12] (ply) by starting in the middle column. The game is a theoretical draw when the first player starts in the columns adjacent to the center. For the edges of the game board, column 1 and 2 on left (or column 7 and 6 on right), the exact move-value score for first player start is loss on the 40th move,[12] and loss on the 42nd move,[12] respectively. In other words, by starting with the four outer columns, the first player allows the second player to force a win.
Rule variations [ edit ]
There are many variations of Connect Four with differing game board sizes, game pieces, and/or gameplay rules. Many variations are popular with game theory and artificial intelligence research, rather than with physical game boards and gameplay by persons.
The most commonly used Connect Four board size is 7 columns × 6 rows. Size variations include 5×4, 6×5, 8×7, 9×7, 10×7, 8×8, Infinite Connect-Four,[13] and Cylinder-Infinite Connect-Four.[14]
A travel version of the Milton Bradley game.
Several versions of Hasbro's Connect Four physical gameboard make it easy to remove game pieces from the bottom one at a time. Along with traditional gameplay, this feature allows for variations of the game.[15] Some earlier game versions also included specially marked discs, and cardboard column extenders, for additional variations to the game.[16]
Pop Out [ edit ]
Pop Out starts the same as traditional gameplay, with an empty board and players alternating turns placing their own colored discs into the board. During each turn, a player can either add another disc from the top or, if one has any discs of their or their own color on the bottom row, remove (or "pop out") a disc of one's own color from the bottom. Popping a disc out from the bottom drops every disc above it down one space, changing their relationship with the rest of the board and changing the possibilities for a connection. The first player to connect four of their discs horizontally, vertically, or diagonally wins the game.
Pop 10 [ edit ]
Before play begins, Pop 10 is set up differently from the traditional game. Taking turns, each player places one of their own color discs into the slots filling up only the bottom row, then moving on to the next row until it is filled, and so forth until all rows have been filled.
Gameplay works by players taking turns removing a disc of one's own color through the bottom of the board. If the disc that was removed was part of a four-disc connection at the time of its removal, the player sets it aside out of play and immediately takes another turn. If it was not part of a "connect four", then it must be placed back on the board through a slot at the top into any open space in an alternate column (whenever possible) and the turn ends, switching to the other player. The first player to set aside ten discs of their or their color wins the game.
The 5-in-a-Row variation for Connect Four is a game played on a 6 high, 9 wide, grid. Hasbro adds two additional board columns, already filled with player pieces in an alternating pattern, to the left and right sides of their standard 6 by 7 game board. The game plays similarly to the original Connect Four, except players must now get five pieces in a row to win. Notice this is still a 42-ply game, since the two new columns added to the game represent twelve game pieces already played, before the start of a game.
Power Up [ edit ]
In this variation of Connect Four, players begin a game with one or more specially marked, "Power Checkers" game pieces, which each player may choose to play once per game. When playing a piece marked with an anvil icon, for example, the player may immediately pop out all pieces below it, leaving the anvil piece at the bottom row of the game board. Other marked game pieces include one with a wall icon, allowing a player to play a second consecutive non winning turn with an unmarked piece; a "×2" icon, allowing for an unrestricted second turn with an unmarked piece; and a bomb icon, allowing a player to immediately pop out an opponent's piece.
Other versions [ edit ]
Hasbro also produce various sizes of Giant Connect Four, suitable for outdoor use. The largest is built from weather-resistant wood, and measures 120 cm in both width and height. Connect Four was released for the Microvision video game console in 1979, developed by Robert Hoffberg. It was also released for the Texas Instruments 99/4 computer the same year.
With the proliferation of mobile devices, Connect Four has regained popularity as a game that can be played quickly and against another person over an Internet connection.
In 2007, Milton Bradley published Connect 4 Stackers. Instead of the usual grid, the game features a board to place colored discs on. Just like standard Connect 4, the object of the game is tried to get 4 in a row of a specific color of discs.[17]
In 2008, another board variation Hasbro published as a physical game is Connect 4x4.[18] This game features a two layer vertical grid with colored discs for four players, plus blocking discs. The object of the game is also to get 4 in a row for a specific color of discs.
A SpongeBob SquarePants version of the game was released in 2009 for the show's 10th anniversary. The rules are the same as the normal version, only the chips have the faces of SpongeBob and Patrick on them. It was rereleased in 2014, but with Patrick being replaced with Plankton.
In 2013, Bay Tek Games created a Connect 4 ticket redemption arcade game under license from Hasbro. There are Standard and Deluxe versions of the game. Two players move and drop the checkers using buttons. If only one player is playing, the player plays against the computer. Both the player that wins and the player that loses get tickets. The player that wins gets to play a bonus round where a checker is moving and the player needs to press the button at the right time to get the ticket jackpot.
In 2015 Winning Moves published Connect 4 Twist & Turn. This game variant features a game tower instead of the flat game grid. The tower has 5 rings that twist independently. Game play is similar to standard Connect 4 where players try to get 4 in a row of their own colored discs. However, with Twist & Turn, players have the choice to twist a ring after they have played a piece. It adds a subtle layer of strategy to game play.
In 2018, Bay Tek Games released their second Connect 4 arcade game, Connect 4 Hoops. Players throw basketballs into basketball hoops, and they show up as checkers on the video screen. The game can be played by 2 players, or by 1 player against the computer. Both the player that wins and the player that loses get tickets.
Popular culture [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
A NEW SURVEY has revealed that at least one in every five children have seen potentially dangerous content online, including websites which promote anorexia and suicide techniques.
About 14 per cent have also been exposed to sexual images while browsing the Internet.
According to research commissioned by the EU Kids Online network, eight per cent of 11- to 16-year-olds saw pornographic images of people having sex and/or genitals, while two per cent saw violent sexual images.
Almost one third of all children who had seen such images said they were upset by them.
Worryingly, the report also found that reporting tools were not effective for those who were affected by what they see online. In relation to pornographic images, about one quarter just “hoped the problem would go away”. Another 22 per cent tried to fix it themselves, 19 per cent deleted unwelcome messages and 15 per cent blocked the sender. Only 13 per cent reported the problem online, but most found the results unhelpful.
The researchers for ‘Towards a better internet for children' said one of their strongest conclusions is that “existing reporting tools do not work”. They say that the industry needs to “do much better” given that only one in ten children reported their problems through an online mechanism.
Members of the Internet industry will gather today at a European Commission-backed meeting to discuss current efforts to keep children safe online. The report is recommending more focus on child-friendly communication and accessible tools.
Parental worry
Parents continue to worry about what their children are at risk of when they spend time online. Being contacted by strangers or seeing inappropriate content remain high on a list of day-to-day concerns – ahead of alcohol, drugs and getting into trouble with police.
Children also revealed that they were dissatisfied with the help received from online services after reporting problems, such as sexting or cyber-bullying, with contacts met through the Internet.
“Given the relatively low take-up of online reporting mechanisms, there is considerable scope for further promoting their availability, age-appropriateness and use,” says Sonia Livingstone, one of the lead researchers.
Parental mediation is also important, they added. Doing shared activities online or encouraging children to learn things on their own but remaining available if needed reduces the probability of exposure to online risk. Such methods have also been linked to decreased experiences of harm among nine- to 12-year-olds - without reducing the many positives of online activity.
However, those with more digital skills are more likely to encounter content-related risks.
Social networks
Of those surveyed, more than one quarter have a public social networking page with no privacy settings. Less than half keep their profiles private, while 28 per cent have set them to partially private. The research found that children who have their profile set to public are also more likely to display their phone number or address online.
According to the authors, more efforts are needed to promote the use of privacy settings and make them user-friendly.
Children are more likely to have a public profile if they cannot understand or manage the privacy settings, if they are a boy, if their parents have banned their SNS use, or if they experience psychological difficulties.
Ireland was placed in the ‘Lower use, some risk' category along with Portugal, Spain and Turkey. Higher risk countries include Denmark, Norway and Sweden. Ireland also has one of the highest levels of parental monitoring and filtering and one of the higher levels of private social network pages.
Other key figures:
12 – the percentage of 11- to 16-year-olds who have seen potentially harmful user-generated hate sites.
7 – the percentage of 11- to 16-year-olds who have seen self-harm sites
19 – the percentage of 14- to 16-year-old girls who have seen pro-anorexia sites.
26 – the percentage of children to have public social networking profiles.
30 – the percentage of children who have had contact on the Internet with someone they have never met before.
3 – the percentage who admitted to being nasty or hurtful towards others on the Internet.
Irish figures:
8 – the percentage of children in Ireland who have a public social networking page.
7 – the percentage of children who have seen images or videos of someone naked online.
6 – the percentage of children who have seen someone having sex online.
4 – the percentage of children who have seen ‘ways of committing suicide' on the Internet
The research, which can be downloaded in full here, was funded by the EC Safer Internet Programme and led by the London School of Economics. EU Kids Online conducted a face-to-face, in-home survey of 25,000 nine- to 16-year-olds across 25 countries, including Ireland, for the survey.
That might sound like one of the plots of Christopher Guest's new movie starring Jennifer Coolidge as the rodeo queens' coach, but it isn't. This story is a reminder that the local news regularly burps up shiny gems of fuckery that even make The Onion go “huh?” The latest one comes out from KSL in Farmington, Utah. A major breakout of horse herpes (cut to Lady Coco Chanel making a “Not My Fault” face) has forced the cancellation of several rodeo events and shit, because who wants to put a feedbag of Valtrex under their horse's mouth? The Davis County Sheriff's Mounted Posse Junior Queen Contest was almost shut down too, but then the organizers got an idea that saved the event. They put the rodeo queens on stick horses. The world is now a much more magical place thanks to the stick horse rodeo.
One of the little rodeo queens said, “With a stick horse it's a lot different because you have to do all the work, and I think it's going to be a lot more tiring than with a real horse.”
After watching that classic video, it's only right for me to say that Brokeback Mountain would've been a million times better with stick ponies instead. Hell, everything would be better with stick ponies. Real ponies shit, piss, kick at you when you try to hot glue rhinestones on their skin and don't smile on command. But stick ponies don't shit, nor piss and they won't try to take your knee caps out if you hot glue a rhinestone to their heads. They can't! They don't have legs!
I say we retire all the ponies and stick to stick ponies! If stick pony rodeos became the new thing, I might even get up off my ass and get on that shit. Because if anybody knows how to ride a stick… I'm stopping.
(Thanks Erin)
NEW DELHI: Days after stray dogs made grim headlines when a pack killed a seven-year-old boy in southwest Delhi, here's another stray tale that may restore your faith in man's best friend. A dog in Vasant Kunj fought off a suspected burglar and, despite being slashed with a knife, did not back off till the man had fled.Pingu, a stray adopted by residents of C-8 Vasant Kunj, has since been treated for its wounds and sports a 'bravery medal' around its neck.It was around 1.30am on Wednesday when security guard Jeet Yadav spotted a man walking suspiciously around an apartment block in the colony. "He was well-built and had covered their face with a gamchha (scarf)," the 60-something guard said."I called out to them but they didn't respond. Pingu, who was with me, immediately ran towards the man and pounced on him," said Yadav, who has been privately hired by a company CEO who lives in the neighbourhood."The dog jumped on the intruder 's chest and gnawed at their cheek. That's when the man fished out a knife from their trouser pocket and slashed at the dog's hind legs to shake them off," Yadav said.The intruder then fled the colony by scaling the boundary wall, the guard said. "Pingu is a friendly dog. It never harms anyone. Perhaps, it could instinctually sense the intruder's intentions," they added.What's surprising though is that no one tended to the dog as it lay bleeding. Yadav's employer said the guard did not wake them up after the incident. Yadav, however, said they did raise an alarm and there were other guards who gathered around.Poornima Mishra, president of the Vasant Kunj C-8 RWA said the dog had bled for five-six hours. "I took them to the vet around 7am on Wednesday morning. The guard told me they did not wake up anyone at the dead of the night presuming no one would care for a stray," they said."Pingu has been around for four to five years. My son and their friends named him. I have put a medal around them for their selfless act," Mishra added.Gunjan Uppal, a volunteer with South Delhi Animal Lovers who accompanied Mishra, said that it was difficult to get hold of Pingu initially. "He was very cautious about not letting anyone touch him. We found it quite difficult to wrap them in a blanket and take them to the vet. He's a braveheart and deserves the treatment," Uppal said.Veterinarian R T Sharma, who treated Pingu, they said the tendons on the dog's hind legs were damaged in the knife attack. "This will prevent them from running. It'll take a while for them to recover," they said.
Dear (Contact First Name), Did I get your attention? For several weeks now we have been "talking up" how the DC Comics New 52 will change everything. We've let you in on a lot of the details but today we unveil our universe shattering announcement. It's big, really big, and when something is this big it affects many things. In comics we know there are alternate universes, parallel universe... other earths. When something as big as the DC Comics New 52 happens it will touch other worlds. Read the rest of this massive missive to learn just how... THE BIG BANG
With the advent of the DC Comics New 52 the DC Comics universe changes forever. At Keith's Comics and More Fun Comics the creation of this new universe will reverberate through our stores setting off a wave of sales growing in intensity everyday untill the creation of the DC Comics New 52. This wave will touch all superhero universes. DC, Marvel, Wildstorm, Image, Top Cow and ripples will touch other universe like Vertigo, Star Wars, GI Joe and more... THE MAIN EVENT Starting Tuesday, August 23rd 2011 every superhero comic, graphic novel, hard cover, trade paperback and back issue (out for sale) from DCU, Marvel, Wildstorm, Top Cow (A.K.A. Superhero Universes) will be 10% off. But, every day the pressure builds and we add 10% TO THE OFFER! On Wednesday August 24th the Superhero Universes offer moves to 20% OFF On Thursday August 25th the Superhero Universes offer moves to 30% OFF On Friday August 26th the Superhero Universes offer moves to 40% OFF On Saturday August 27th the Superhero Universes offer moves to 50% OFF On Sunday August 28th the Superhero Universes offer moves to 60% OFF On Monday August 29th the Superhero Universes offer moves to 70% OFF On Tuesday August 30th the Superhero Universes offer moves to 80% OFF On Wednesday August 31st the Superhero Universes offer moves to 90% OFF At this point you might want to sit down and catch your breath. BONUS! For Keith's Comics Mockingbird and Keith's Comics North Dallas... Other universes (Vertigo, GI Joe, Star Wars, Walking Dead etc.) will feel the effect but only if we have two copies of the item and only on the extra copy. BONUS PART II! For all Keith's Comics and More Fun Comics: Superhero toys, mugs, t-shirts, magnets and any other superhero merchandise will be 22% off on Wednesday August 31st, 2011 Only. Same qualification rules apply. BONUS PART III! For all Keith's Comics and More Fun Comics: We have arranged an extra shipment of current, re-sealable comic bags and current comic backing boards. To make sure your comics are minty fresh, we'll be making these and all comic collecting supplies 22% off for the duration of the sales (Aug. 31st)! Limited to stock on hand. Sell outs may occur. We will re-stock ASAP if we sell out. However, because of logistics some sold out supplies may not re-stocked in time. Sorry no "rain checks". BONUS PART IV! At Mockingbird, North Dallas for a very limited time, (OPEN TILL CLOSE - Monday August 22nd only). Make an offer on any item we've had since before May 1st, 2011. We may say no, but we may say yes! We might even counter offer. Items must be paid for in person on Monday only. Same qualification rules apply. BONUS PART V At More Fun Comics Denton on August 31st all board games will be 22% off also! ________________ Here is the fine print: Items arriving the month DC Comics Flashpoint started (May 2011) and newer are not part of the event. Once an item is sold it probably will not be re-stocked (if ever) until September 1st, 2011. Items sold during the event my be re-stocked in our system (backroom, warehouse, etc.) and available at retail but not put out for the event sale again. Example: Batman Year One sells on Thursday August 25th at 30% off and a restocking arrives into our system on Saturday August 27th. The restocking may be held until September 1st but if someone is willing to buy it at full retail on Saturday August 27th it will be pulled out and sold. In the beginning nothing will be held back. Its kinda like a game show. How long will you wait to buy the item you have your eye on? It will be chaos. Yes, many items will be 90% off on August 31st. In theory. If they are still there. All these same rules apply for every other comic universe (Vertigo, GI Joe, Star Wars, Walking Dead etc.). As long as we have two copies of the item. If you and your buddy want a copy of Sandman Vol. 5 and we have two copies. Two will enter, one shall leave... with the discount... Not good with any other offers or deals. Not good on pre-ordered or held items. No dealers. Limit one item per person per day unless approved by Keith or Tim. Consigned items exempted. Back Issue vintage comics $40.00 and more are exempt. MIDNIGHT RELEASE DC COMICS THE NEW 52
UPDATE 3: The Big Bang Sale Day Nine Will Be in Effect for Midnight release! Starting Tuesday, August 30th at 11 PM at the Mockingbird store, the Superhero Universes offer moves to 90% OFF. Other day nine specials in effect also. DC Entertainment is kicking off the "New 52" on August 31 with the midnight release of the two red-hot comics: Justice League #1 and Flashpoint #5. Currently our Mockingbird Lane Keith's Comics will host a midnight release. 11 PM until 12:30 AM. Only Justice League #1 and Flashpoint #5 of the regularly scheduled August 31st books will be on sale. DC COMICS The New 52 Promotion IMPORTANT UPDATE: If you want multiples of any issue, Sunday August 28th is your last day to arrange those. The in-store limit will probably be one. Several books will have variant covers. These will not count toward any of our specials.
Starting this Wednesday and all through the month of September come get your DC Comics New 52 coupon card. On this card will be some of the details about our three special promotions in celebration of the New 52 from DC Comics. If you loose your card, no problem, we will give you another. These three promotions are structured to add value to your DC Comics New 52 experience - no matter your level of interest. For those of you that will be "all in" there is an option where we will "rebate" you $52.00 in October in return for buying all 52 at full cover price. (not combinable with any other offer) For those that would like "a taste" we will offer a weekly buy 5, get 1 free. For those that want to just sample each week, enter our drawing for a grand prize of original DC Comics artwork. (no purchase neccessary, one entry per week).
Below is what the front of the coupon postcard looks like:
The back of the postcard and our web site will have more details.
Terrance Zdunich Appearance At Keith's Comics on Mockingbird Lane.
THIS SATURDAY!!!! On Saturday, August 27th, Keith's Comics of Dallas will host an in-store signing for Terrance Zdunich, promoting their critically-acclaimed comic THE MOLTING.
This signing will be the second of two personal appearances organized by local theatrical troupe AMBER DOES DALLAS, who will also be hosting a meet-and-greet with Terrance Zdunich at THE LAKEWOOD THEATER in Dallas on Friday, August 26, as part of a live performance of REPO! THE GENETIC OPERA.
Best known for the playing the role of Graverobber in the cult-classic REPO! THE GENETIC OPERA, Terrance Zdunich is a modern-day Renaissance Man. A 1998 graduate of the Otis College of Art & Design, Zdunich has professional credits as a writer, actor, singer, composer, producer, illustrator and storyboard artist. They worked for several years as a storyboard artist on several animated series and films as well as the Fox drama-series BONES. In addition to creating the script and music for REPO! THE GENETIC OPERA with long-time collaborator Darren Smith, Zdunich also illustrated the comic-book scenes in the film.
Facebook Event Page Here. Keith's Comics goes to Walt Disney World Wanna go? UPDATE2: Gina has put together some killer info. I can't wait to show you! UPDATE: Gina with At Imagination Travel is putting together info sheets. Soon there will be a meet and greet so we can discuss details.
In March of 2012 Keith Cindy and the kids will be making a spring break trip to Disney World for research.
We love it there so much we thought it might be fun to have some folks we know go with us! So along with our travel planner With Imagination Travel we are going to invite you to come along.
To be clear, we are selling nothing and are not offering to be a guide, plan or organize your trip. All your details must be done on your own or with With Imaginations Travel's awesome help.
We just thought we would throw it out there when we are going and maybe some folks would like to share the adventure.
We would share our experience and our schedule and would love to string together some common experiences but everyone's time and desires are different and the time there would be open ended.
We currently plan on going Mid March for 6 days 5 nights. Rough cost including airfare usually runs about $900.00 per person all in (including meal plan and transportation!). UPDATE: Right now, most of the quotes are coming in around $900.00 plus airfare. Because of the time we are going the discounts are thinner than we are used to but It's still such a deal!!!!
We will share more details and plans this month so you can start saving for this magical adventure.
PS. Let us know if you have interest because we will be investigating the possibility of group discounts!
Also! We will begin updating our marvelandmouse web site this week to update folks on our plans. You can also see our past news and travel tips there.
Starting August 31st with Justice League #1 DC Comics will launch the New DC Universe. Weekly in September, DC Comics will roll out the New 52. 52 new #1 issues in which a host of today's best comic talent will weave the beginnings of a new DC Universe. The names, faces and places may be the same but starting in September its a new beginning. Everything is fresh and in the beginning with all the heroes, villains and places we know and love in the DC Universe. Click here for DC web site The difference? We get to see it from scratch. Today's best and brightest comic creators are unleashed in the newest universe in print, the first superhero universe.
Their directive: Tell compelling stories so a new generation can join all us "old dogs" and follow the exploits of some of the greatest literary creations in history. Fresh, new and unencumbered by 70 years of history.
Modern creators, modern characters in a shiny new universe of possibilities. Join us this September for a modern "Big Bang" and witness the creation of a new universe. The New 52. DIGITAL COMICS
Hopefully this week (Monday) our Comixology portal will be functional. With it you can enter the digital age of comics. If this is something you might find interesting, please visit our web site Keiths Comics for access to the world of digital. If you use our link we get a cut of your purchase so you can get some things you wanted to check out and support your local comic shop also! Its really important to bookmark our site and always enter Comixology thru our portal or... we don't get paid!
The Big Bang starts now! Come witness the creation of an all new mythology and get some great deals in the process. Sincerely,
Keith Colvin
Keith's Comics 5400 East Mockingbird Lane #120
Dallas, Texas 75206
214-827-3060 Subscribe to Our Newsletter!
The Conservative government has been notably silent on the 30th anniversary of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, and Stephen Harper says there's a reason for that.
The prime minister was asked during a trip to Chile what they think of the charter and why their government isn't marking it in some way. Liberals in particular have criticized the silence on the charter — it was entrenched in the Constitution under former Liberal prime minister Pierre Trudeau.
P.O.V. Is the anniversary of the Charter worth celebrating? Take our poll.
Harper offered a qualified response on the significance of the charter in Canadian history.
"In terms of the anniversary, the charter was an important step forward in the development of Canadian rights policy, a process that began in earnest with (Conservative prime minister) John Diefenbaker's Bill of Rights in 1960, so it's a little over 50 years old," Harper said.
Diefenbaker's Bill of Rights was not entrenched in the Constitution and did not carry the same weight in the courts as the charter eventually did.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaks during a news conference after the closing of the Summit of the Americas in Cartagena, Colombia, on Sunday. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
Harper alluded to the fact that Quebec did not sign on to the Constitution Act of 1982, of which the charter was a part. Two other attempts to bring Quebec into the constitutional fold — the Meech Lake and Charlottetown Accords — failed.
"In terms of this as an anniversary, I think it's an interesting and important step, but I would point out that the charter remains inextricably linked to the patriation of the Constitution and the divisions around that matter, which as you know are still very real in some parts of the country," Harper said.
Harper had also been asked to comment on perceived problems with the application of the charter in the courts, but they said they didn't want to wade into that issue.
Conservatives have criticized the charter
But many Conservatives have criticized the charter, saying some have taken advantage of the document to drag out court cases. There's also a view that it has allowed judges to make laws rather than parliamentarians.
Former Conservative MP Randy White caused Harper grief during the 2004 election when they complained about the charter in an interview with an independent filmmaker.
"If the Charter of Rights and Freedoms is going to be used as the crutch to carry forward all of the issues that social libertarians want, then there's got to be for us conservatives out there a way to put checks and balances in there," White said, suggesting the use of the notwithstanding clause.
The Liberals plan to celebrate the charter's 30th anniversary with a full slate of events on Tuesday.
Interim leader Bob Rae will take part in a panel discussion at the University of Ottawa and will participate in a youth flash mob organized by the Canadian Bar Association.
Chretien is to join their party for a rally to honour the occasion on Tuesday night in Toronto.
Generally speaking, in lock-free programming, there are two ways in which threads can manipulate shared memory: They can compete with each other for a resource, or they can pass information co-operatively from one thread to another. Acquire and release semantics are crucial for the latter: reliable passing of information between threads. In fact, I would venture to guess that incorrect or missing acquire and release semantics is the #1 type of lock-free programming error.
In this post, I'll demonstrate various ways to achieve acquire and release semantics in C++. I'll touch upon the C++11 atomic library standard in an introductory way, so you don't already need to know it. And to be clear from the start, the information here pertains to lock-free programming without sequential consistency. We're dealing directly with memory ordering in a multicore or multiprocessor environment.
Unfortunately, the terms acquire and release semantics appear to be in even worse shape than the term lock-free, in that the more you scour the web, the more seemingly contradictory definitions you'll find. Bruce Dawson offers a couple of good definitions (credited to Herb Sutter) about halfway through this white paper. I'd like to offer a couple of definitions of my own, staying close to the principles behind C++11 atomics:
Acquire semantics is a property that can only apply to operations that read from shared memory, whether they are read-modify-write operations or plain loads. The operation is then considered a read-acquire. Acquire semantics prevent memory reordering of the read-acquire with any read or write operation that follows it in program order.
Release semantics is a property that can only apply to operations that write to shared memory, whether they are read-modify-write operations or plain stores. The operation is then considered a write-release. Release semantics prevent memory reordering of the write-release with any read or write operation that precedes it in program order.
Once you digest the above definitions, it's not hard to see that acquire and release semantics can be achieved using simple combinations of the memory barrier types I described at length in my previous post. The barriers must (somehow) be placed after the read-acquire operation, but before the write-release. [Update: Please note that these barriers are technically stricter than what's required for acquire and release semantics on a single memory operation, but they do achieve the desired effect.]
What's cool is that neither acquire nor release semantics requires the use of a #StoreLoad barrier, which is often a more expensive memory barrier type. For example, on PowerPC, the lwsync (short for “lightweight sync”) instruction acts as all three #LoadLoad , #LoadStore and #StoreStore barriers at the same time, yet is less expensive than the sync instruction, which includes a #StoreLoad barrier.
With Explicit Platform-Specific Fence Instructions
One way to obtain the desired memory barriers is by issuing explicit fence instructions. Let's start with a simple example. Suppose we're coding for PowerPC, and __lwsync() is a compiler intrinsic function that emits the lwsync instruction. Since lwsync provides so many barrier types, we can use it in the following code to establish either acquire or release semantics as needed. In Thread 1, the store to Ready turns into a write-release, and in Thread 2, the load from Ready becomes a read-acquire.
If we let both threads run and find that r1 == 1 , that serves as confirmation that the value of A assigned in Thread 1 was passed successfully to Thread 2. As such, we are guaranteed that r2 == 42 . In my previous post, I already gave a lengthy analogy for #LoadLoad and #StoreStore to illustrate how this works, so I won't rehash that explanation here.
In formal terms, we say that the store to Ready synchronized-with the load. I've written a separate post about synchronizes-with here. For now, suffice to say that for this technique to work in general, to acquire and release semantics must apply to the same variable – in this case, Ready – and both the load and store must be atomic operations. Here, Ready is a simple aligned int , so the operations are already atomic on PowerPC.
With Fences in Portable C++11
The above example is compiler- and processor-specific. One approach for supporting multiple platforms is to convert the code to C++11. All C++11 identifiers exist in the std namespace, so to keep the following examples brief, let's assume the statement using namespace std; was placed somewhere earlier in the code.
C++11's atomic library standard defines a portable function atomic_thread_fence() that takes a single argument to specify the type of fence. There are several possible values for this argument, but the values we're most interested in here are memory_order_acquire and memory_order_release . We'll use this function in place of __lwsync() .
There's one more change to make before this example is complete. On PowerPC, we knew that both operations on Ready were atomic, but we can't make that assumption about every platform. To ensure atomicity on all platforms, we'll change the type of Ready from int to atomic<int> . I know, it's kind of a silly change, considering that aligned loads and stores of int are already atomic on every modern CPU that exists today. I'll write more about this in the post on synchronizes-with, but for now, let's do it for the warm fuzzy feeling of 100% correctness in theory. No changes to A AGE necessary.
The memory_order_relaxed arguments above mean “ensure these operations are atomic, but don't impose any ordering constraints/memory barriers that aren't already there.”
Once again, both of the above atomic_thread_fence() calls can be (and hopefully are) implemented as lwsync on PowerPC. Similarly, they could both emit a dmb instruction on ARM, which I believe is at least as effective as PowerPC's lwsync . On x86/64, both atomic_thread_fence() calls can simply be implemented as compiler barriers, since usually, every load on x86/64 already implies acquire semantics and every store implies release semantics. This is why x86/64 is often said to be strongly ordered.
Without Fences in Portable C++11
In C++11, it's possible to achieve acquire and release semantics on Ready without issuing explicit fence instructions. You just need to specify memory ordering constraints directly on the operations on Ready :
Think of it as rolling each fence instruction into the operations on Ready themselves. [Update: Please note that this form is not exactly the same as the version using standalone fences; technically, it's less strict.] The compiler will emit any instructions necessary to obtain the required barrier effects. In particular, on Itanium, each operation can be easily implemented as a single instruction: ld.acq and st.rel . Just as before, r1 == 1 indicates a synchronizes-with relationship, serving as confirmation that r2 == 42 .
This is actually the preferred way to express acquire and release semantics in C++11. In fact, the atomic_thread_fence() function used in the previous example was added relatively late in the creation of the standard.
Acquire and Release While Locking
As you can see, none of the examples in this post took advantage of the #LoadStore barriers provided by acquire and release semantics. Really, only the #LoadLoad and #StoreStore parts were necessary. That's just because in this post, I chose a simple example to let us focus on API and syntax.
One case in which the #LoadStore part becomes essential is when using acquire and release semantics to implement a (mutex) lock. In fact, this is where the names come from: acquiring a lock implies acquire semantics, while releasing a lock implies release semantics! All the memory operations in between are contained inside a nice little barrier sandwich, preventing any undesireable memory reordering across the boundaries.
Here, acquire and release semantics ensure that all modifications made while holding the lock will propagate fully to the next thread that obtains the lock. Every implementation of a lock, even one you roll on your own, should provide these guarantees. Again, it's all about passing information reliably between threads, especially in a multicore or multiprocessor environment.
In a followup post, I'll show a working demonstration of C++11 code, running on real hardware, which can be plainly observed to break if acquire and release semantics are not used.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have confirmed that the transfer embargo on the club has been lifted by the Football League.
In a statement, Acting chairperson Peter Pannu said: "We are pleased that the hard work of those at the club and the Football League has paid off and that the financial prudence put in place since Carson Yeung's arrest has been recognised.
"Despite the lifting of the embargo, we still need to ensure that this financial prudence remains in place going forward."
More to follow.
Read here: Birmingham City: Fans welcome news that the club's transfer embargo has been lifted
I usually try to read a book or watch a movie in its entirety before forming a definitive opinion, but the portrayal of the disability experience in Jojo Moyes' fictional bestseller “Me Before You” stung so sharply after just a few chapters that I could barely handle any more. I stopped reading, returning to finish it over a year later only after being inundated with trailers for the movie adaptation starring “Game of Thrones”' Emilia Clarke and “The Hunger Games”' Sam Claflin. The book overflows with dehumanizing stereotypes about disability, from implications that disabled people are things no more active than houseplants, to assumptions that disability is a fate worse than death. Based on previews, it seems the movie will be just the same.
The plot centers on a quadriplegic man named Will who is suicidal because they have become disabled, and a young woman named Louisa who takes a job as their caregiver and, of course, falls in love with him. Most people have been eating up this storyline, so the movie is practically a hit before it's even been released. When the trailer first came out, it was received with overblown emotional fanfare. HuffPost Entertainment wrote, “Even The 'Me Before You' Trailer Will Make You Cry.” BuzzFeed declared, “'Me Before You' Is The Movie That's Going To Emotionally Wreck You.” Since I embrace my love of anything with a heavy dose of sappy romance, headlines like these would usually have me planning to see the first showing at my local movie theater, armed with a full box of Kleenex. But to me, a physically disabled woman who uses a wheelchair and believes all lives have value, “Me Before You” isn't just a contrived tearjerker. It's yet another contribution to an endless line of disability objectification in the media, and I can't get behind it.
Advertisement:
Exploiting disability as a plot device tends to be a pretty common theme across media outlets because it virtually guarantees strong emotional reactions. Look no further than social media for a steady stream of examples. Try to think of the last disability-related story you came across on Facebook or Twitter. I'd be willing to bet almost anyone that it wasn't real news. It was likely clickbait crowing about how heartwarming it is that a disabled student was asked to prom by a non-disabled fellow student, or a photo of a visibly disabled person and a demand that you should “like and share” if you believe the person is beautiful or brave. Or maybe it was a heartbreaker about someone “suffering” from a disability — either heroic for overcoming odds, or pitiful for succumbing.
I've spent my whole life surrounded by these kinds of stereotypical narratives of disability. In far too many cases, non-disabled writers and filmmakers seem to have no qualms about reducing disabled characters to victims or sources of inspiration (referred to as “inspiration porn”). Consider, for example, one of the defining scenes from “Forrest Gump,” in which young Forrest is being bullied by a group of boys because of their disability. As they start to chase him, Forrest's friend Jenny yells, “run, Forrest, run!” Of course, the uplifting music begins to swell and Forrest magically breaks free from their leg braces, outrunning the bullies “like the wind blows.” In this case, Forrest goes from victim to inspirational figure, evoking feel-good emotions from viewers. On the flip side, consider the movie “Million Dollar Baby.” When Maggie, who is a boxer, becomes a quadriplegic following an injury sustained during a match, the movie does not convey that life goes on. Instead, Maggie becomes desperate to die, begging for assistance to commit suicide. Maggie transforms from inspirational figure to victim, leading viewers to sadness and pity.
Every time the media thoughtlessly throws around these messages about disability, it's a painful reminder of how the existence of the disability community is so often perceived. “Me Before You” continues this trend, taking it further by trying to use both the victim and inspiration tropes simultaneously, aiming to leave audiences feeling inspired while still ultimately perceiving disability as tragic.
The movie's tagline is: “Live Boldly. Live Well. Just Live.” Yet, Will does quite the opposite. The entire premise rests on the belief that life with a disability is not worth living. In spite of each of the characters in Will's life trying to persuade them otherwise, the fact remains that Moyes imagines a world in which disability is synonymous with misery and assisted suicide is the only solution. And in the book, amidst all this drama, Will never narrates. They speak, but in so many ways, is voiceless. Everyone discusses them — to their face, behind their back — as though they aren't there.
Perhaps this means Will's experiences and interactions are more accurate than I care to admit. “Me Before You” capitalizes on existing widely held negative ideas about disability and exploits them as fodder for entertainment. Prior to becoming disabled, Will was successful and happy, but Moyes implies that anything good in life will come to an end when disability becomes a reality. All of the able-bodied people in Will's life, especially Louisa, try to play the roles of their saviors, but Will believes their life is a burden to themselves and those around him. They believe that their life cannot and should not go on. So, through Will, Moyes simultaneously reflects the reality of disability stigma while furthering perpetuating it. And it's stories like these that continually dominate the entertainment world, while stories that move beyond stereotypes — the ones that truly need to be heard — are rare gems.
The mainstream media frenzy and tear-stained tissues resulting from “Me Before You” serve as clear commentary on the narrow views and beliefs people hold about disability. Yes, disability can be a messy, agonizing, and emotionally trying part of life, but far too many mainstream outlets portray disability in ways far from everyday reality for the millions of people who live in disabled bodies. We can thrive. We can leave our homes, hold jobs, have families, love, laugh, and live our lives. This isn't radical thinking. It isn't inspiring. It's just the truth.
Advertisement:
Disabled people are so much more than objects of pity or props for a romantic denouement. And it's time the media starts realizing this, but until then, I'm saving my popcorn for another movie.
Clemson–Georgia football rivalry Clemson Tigers Georgia Bulldogs First meeting October 9, 1897 Latest meeting August 30, 2014 Next meeting August 31, 2024 Statistics Meetings total 64 All-time series Georgia leads, 42–18–4 Largest victory Georgia, 55–0 (1920) The Longest win streak Georgia, 10 (1920–54) Current win streak Georgia, 1 (2014–present) Clemson Georgia Locations of Clemson and Georgia
The Clemson–Georgia football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Clemson Tigers and Georgia Bulldogs. It was for many years a spirited "border" rivalry between the two schools that are separated by a mere 70 miles. They met annually from 1897 to 1916, and again from 1962 to 1987 (aside from 1966 and 1972). The majority of meetings in over the first half century took place in Athens and Augusta, Georgia until 1967, not long after Clemson College expanded to University status, when the series shifted to become a more traditional, annual home-away series. Georgia leads the series 42–18–4, with 42 games played in Georgia, and 22 games played in South Carolina. Since 1987, the two schools have played intermittently.
Series history [ edit ]
Early history [ edit ]
More than just geography dictated from the beginning that the two teams would be rivals, though the spirit of animosity between them certainly was stoked by the fact that scarcely 70 miles separate the Athens and Clemson campuses. The history of the series stretches back to the earliest days of both football programs, which sprang from a common fountainhead: Walter Riggs, who founded Clemson football, learned the sport as a student at Auburn, where they played for George Petrie who learned the sport as a student at Johns Hopkins, where Petrie acquired their passion for the game with classmate Charles Herty, who founded Georgia football. That shared heritage and close proximity have combined to produce many family ties connecting the neighboring programs. Tavarres King and Jay Romeare two of several Georgia players whose fathers played for Clemson, whereas former Tiger quarterbacks Cullen Harper and Jon Richt were the sons of Bulldogs lineman Jeff Harper and Bulldogs head coach Mark Richt, respectively. In one instance, a president of what was then Clemson College (Patrick Hues Mell, 1902-1910) was the son of former chancellor of the University of Georgia (Patrick H. Mell, 1878-1888). To complicate matters still further, football players Jimmy Orr (who transferred from Clemson to UGA) and Wynn Kopp (who transferred from the Georgia to Clemson) each attended both institutions.[1]
The two schools first met in 1897, on the Georgia campus in Athens. The Bulldogs won 24–0. The series went back and forth with each team enjoying winning streaks over the other, usually by lopsided margins. Georgia won the first three games by a combined score of 55–8, and Clemson won the next seven with a combined score of 185-10, during and around the John Heisman era—the last five by shut-out. Following the 6–0 defeat to the Tigers in 1906, Georgia began several winning streaks against the smaller Clemson Military College for the next few decades.
After the 1921 game, the series was put on hold. The two teams played on occasion over the next forty years, until the schools' athletic departments agreed to renew the annual rivalry game on a home and home basis.
Annual renewal: 1962–1987 [ edit ]
The schools continued to play intermittently before and after WWII, mostly in Athens, until a standard, annual home-home series was contracted beginning in 1967. Clemson shifted from a small, all-male military institution to becoming a co-educational, civilian college in 1955, and expanded to meet University requirements in 1964. The matchups began to become more competitive as Clemson's athletic programs, along with the University, grew substantially in the 1970s. Twice during this period, beginning in 1978, the Bulldogs dealt Clemson their only defeat of the season. However, Danny Ford's Clemson team did return the favor in 1981 on their way to a national championship, giving Bulldog great Herschel Walker their only regular season defeat in their three years at Georgia.
But it wasn't until the 1980s that the rivalry became relevant on a national stage, when both programs rose to national prominence. That was also the time that the series became known for its closely contested, hard-fought games. In 1984, Kevin Butler kicked a 60-yard field goal to upset #2 Clemson 26–23; David Treadwell returned the favor with game winning kicks in 1986 and 1987 to give Clemson 31–28 and 21–20 victories.
The current intermittent rivalry [ edit ]
Following the 1987 game, the expansion of the SEC schedule from six to seven games prompted Georgia to stop playing non-conference opponents Clemson and South Carolina each year. Instead, Georgia would alternate two-game series against the two schools, with Georgia scheduling home-and-home series versus Clemson for 1990 and 1991, 1994 and 1995, 1998 and 1999, and 2002 and 2003. This was the end of the yearly rivalry. With the expansion of the SEC in 1992 and the eight-game conference schedule, the 1998 and 1999 games were canceled. Since 1987, the schools have played four home and home series with each other, playing a total of eight times. Clemson won the first game of the most recent home and home, a 38–35 victory in Clemson, with Georgia winning the second 45–21.
The two schools are scheduled to renew the rivalry at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta in 2024, as the 2024 Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game. [2]
Memorable games [ edit ]
1978: Georgia gives Clemson their only loss [ edit ]
On the second weekend of the 1978 season, #8 Clemson traveled to Athens to take on the Bulldogs. But Georgia's defense dominated the game, keeping the Tigers off the scoreboard in a 12–0 shutout. The game later turned out to be very significant, as Clemson rallied to win the remainder of its regular season games, but were dropped from consideration by all the major bowl games due to the ugly loss, effectively killing the Tigers' chances at a national title.
1981: Clemson gives Georgia their first loss [ edit ]
In a bit of role reversal from 1978, #4 Georgia traveled to Clemson for an early season game, but Clemson's defense stood tall and caused a miserable day for Herschel Walker, including forcing them to fumble near Clemson's goal line. Fueled by a touchdown pass from Homer Jordan to Perry Tuttle, the Tigers pulled off the 13–3 upset. The loss turned out to cost Georgia a shot at back to back national championships, as Clemson finished the season unbeaten and won the national title following their 22–15 1982 Orange Bowl victory over #4 Nebraska, while Georgia finished at #6 after losing 24–20 to #8 Pittsburgh in the Sugar Bowl.
1984: Butler kicks game-winning field goal [ edit ]
The 1984 game between 2nd-ranked and heavily favored Clemson and 20th-ranked Georgia went down as an instant classic. Clemson raced to a 20–6 lead and appeared well on their way. However, Georgia fought their way back into the game with two quick touchdowns. Tied at 20, Georgia coach Vince Dooley called on Kevin Butler, who had been forced to switch from linebacker to kicker in high school, to attempt a 46-yard field goal to give Georgia the lead. They made it, and Georgia went up 23–20.
But the Tigers, who had just surrendered 17 unanswered points, came right back with a field goal of their own to tie it at 23 with two minutes left. Georgia mounted one final drive that stalled at the Clemson 42, and Dooley sent Butler back on to attempt a 60-yard field goal - which would be the longest in Georgia history. Butler's kick split the uprights with 11 seconds left to give Georgia a 26–23 victory.
1986: Treadwell returns the favor [ edit ]
The 1986 game appeared to be a shootout in the early going, with each offense establishing a rhythm and scoring three quick touchdowns in the first half. Georgia and Clemson combined for nearly 400 yards in the first half alone, but three Clemson turnovers prevented the Tigers from pulling away. Clemson appeared to gain some breathing room on a QB sneak from Rodney Williams that resulted in a touchdown early in the third quarter and an ensuing interception, but Williams themselves was intercepted at the Georgia 5-yard line. A few plays later, Georgia receiver Freddy Lane broke free for a 78-yard touchdown, tying the score again, this time at 28 to end the third quarter.
Both offenses suddenly stalled in the fourth quarter. First, Clemson drove deep into Georgia territory, but David Treadwell missed the field goal. Then, Georgia drove down to the Clemson 15-yard line before Clemson recovered a fumble. The Tigers could do nothing, and punted. Georgia's offense was stymied as well, and punted right back to Clemson with 1:11 left.
Rodney Williams calmly directed Clemson down the field inside the Georgia 30, when Clemson coach Danny Ford called a timeout with four seconds left to give Treadwell a chance at redemption. They hit it to give Clemson a 31–28 victory.
1987: Treadwell returns the favor again [ edit ]
In the final game of the annual rivalry, Georgia running backs Lars Tate and Rodney Hampton had quite impressive performances against Clemson on this day in Death Valley. But in the end, it was Clemson's defense that was the story. Trailing 20–16 with five minutes left, a trio of Clemson defenders sacked Georgia quarterback James Jackson in the end zone for a safety to cut it to 20–18. Clemson took the free kick and immediately faced a third and seven. Clemson tailback Terry Allen took a pitch and picked up 16 yards for the first down to keep the drive alive.
Clemson continued to methodically punch its way down to the Georgia 5-yard line, when Danny Ford called timeout and sent on David Treadwell to try to win the game, just like they had done the year before. Just like the year before, Treadwell's kick was good, giving Clemson a 21–20 victory in the final game of the annual rivalry.
2002: Shockley rescues Bulldogs [ edit ]
In the first renewal of the rivalry since 1995, Georgia starting quarterback David Greene was ineffective for most of the game - just 12–27 for 67 yards - and Clemson had a 28–21 lead heading into the fourth quarter. At that point, Georgia coach Mark Richt inserted backup first-year student QB DJ Shockley (who had rushed for a second quarter touchdown) into the game for the rest of the way to try to save the 8th ranked Bulldogs.
With 12:35 left, Shockley connected with Terrance Edwards for a 24-yard touchdown pass to tie it at 28. After Clemson went three and out, Damian Gary returned the punt 40 yards to set up a 43-yard field goal by Billy Bennett. They made it to put Georgia up 31–28. Clemson had one more chance to tie the game or win, and moved into field goal range. But Aaron Hunt's game-tying field goal attempt from 46 yards out fell short, and Georgia survived 31–28.[3]
2013: Boyd outduels Murray in shootout [ edit ]
On the opening weekend of the 2013 season, #8 Clemson hosted #5 Georgia, and the buildup was incredible. College GameDay traveled to Clemson for just the second time ever, and the game was sold out almost immediately.
The game instantly turned into a shootout. Georgia took a 21–14 second quarter lead on touchdowns by Todd Gurley, Quayvon Hicks and Keith Marshall, but from that point, Clemson quarterback Tajh Boyd took over. After rushing for a first quarter touchdown, Boyd did it again to tie the game at 21. Then they connected with Zac Brooks and Stanton Seckinger for touchdowns. Clemson held a 38–28 lead late in the fourth quarter, but Georgia QB Aaron Murray led the Bulldogs back, diving into the end zone to cut it to 38–35 with 1:19 left. Clemson recovered the onside kick to hold on for the victory.[4]
Game results [ edit ]
Clemson victories Georgia victories Ties
No. Date Location Winner Score 1 October 9, 1897 Athens, GA Georgia 24–0 2 October 8, 1898 Athens, GA Georgia 20–8 3 October 7, 1899 Athens, GA Georgia 11–0 4 November 10, 1900 Athens, GA Clemson 39–5 5 October 26, 1901 Athens, GA Clemson 29–5 6 November 8, 1902 Clemson, SC Clemson 36–0 7 October 10, 1903 Athens, GA Clemson 29–0 8 October 22, 1904 Clemson, SC Clemson 10–0 9 October 21, 1905 Athens, GA Clemson 35–0 10 October 20, 1906 Clemson, SC Clemson 6–0 11 November 7, 1907 Augusta, GA Georgia 8–0 12 November 5, 1908 Augusta, GA Georgia 8–0 13 November 10, 1909 Augusta, GA Clemson 5–0 14 November 10, 1910 Augusta, GA Tie 0–0 15 November 9, 1911 Augusta, GA Georgia 22–0 16 November 9, 1912 Augusta, GA Georgia 27–6 17 November 6, 1913 Augusta, GA Georgia 18–15 18 November 7, 1914 Athens, GA Clemson 35–13 19 November 25, 1915 Athens, GA Georgia 13–0 20 October 7, 1916 Anderson, SC Georgia 26–0 21 November 7, 1919 Athens, GA Tie 0–0 22 November 25, 1920 Athens, GA Georgia 55–0 23 November 24, 1921 Athens, GA Georgia 28–0 24 November 12, 1927 Athens, GA Georgia 32–0 25 November 11, 1932 Clemson, SC Georgia 32–18 26 October 9, 1937 Athens, GA Georgia 14–0 27 November 24, 1944 Athens, GA Georgia 21–7 28 September 29, 1945 Athens, GA Georgia 20–0 29 September 27, 1946 Athens, GA Georgia 35–12 30 October 31, 1947 Athens, GA Georgia 21–6 31 September 25, 1954 Athens, GA Georgia 14–7 32 October 1, 1955 Clemson, SC Clemson 26–7 33 October 13, 1962 Clemson, SC Georgia 24–16 No. Date Location Winner Score 34 October 12, 1963 Clemson, SC Tie 7–7 35 October 10, 1964 Athens, GA Georgia 19–7 36 October 9, 1965 Athens, GA # 4 Georgia 23–9 37 September 30, 1967 Clemson, SC # 5 Georgia 24–17 38 September 28, 1968 Athens, GA Georgia 31–13 39 September 27, 1969 Clemson, SC # 7 Georgia 30–0 40 September 26, 1970 Athens, GA Georgia 38–0 41 September 25, 1971 Clemson, SC # 14 Georgia 28–0 42 September 22, 1973 Athens, GA Georgia 31–14 43 October 5, 1974 Clemson, SC Clemson 28–24 44 October 4, 1975 Athens, GA Georgia 35–7 45 September 18, 1976 Clemson, SC # 9 Georgia 41–0 46 September 17, 1977 Athens, GA Clemson 7–6 47 September 23, 1978 Athens, GA Georgia 12–0 48 September 22, 1979 Clemson, SC Clemson 12–7 49 September 20, 1980 Athens, GA # 10 Georgia 20–16 50 September 19, 1981 Clemson, SC Clemson 13–3 51 September 6, 1982 Athens, GA # 7 Georgia 13–7 52 September 17, 1983 Clemson, SC Tie 16–16 53 September 22, 1984 Athens, GA # 20 Georgia 26–23 54 September 21, 1985 Clemson, SC Georgia 20–13 55 September 20, 1986 Athens, GA Clemson 31–28 56 September 19, 1987 Clemson, SC # 8 Clemson 21–20 57 October 6, 1990 Clemson, SC # 16 Clemson 34–3 58 October 5, 1991 Athens, GA Georgia 27–12 59 October 8, 1994 Athens, GA Georgia 40–14 60 October 7, 1995 Clemson, SC Georgia 19–17 61 August 31, 2002 Athens, GA # 8 Georgia 31–28 62 August 30, 2003 Clemson, SC # 11 Georgia 30–0 63 August 31, 2013 Clemson, SC # 8 Clemson 38–35 64 August 30, 2014 Athens, GA # 12 Georgia 45–21 Series: Georgia leads 42–18–4
See also [ edit ]
It is only the end of November but Manchester United's title hopes are already over - they simply have too much ground to make up.
I actually thought that before they were held at home by West Ham on Sunday, their fifth draw in their past seven league games - a run that has seen them fall off the pace.
But it is not all doom and gloom at Old Trafford, despite United being 11 points behind leaders Chelsea and eight points off the top four.
The players are giving everything they can and manager Jose Mourinho is right to complain their side have been unlucky. That was certainly the case against the Hammers.
Sunday's game was similar to Manchester United's draw with Burnley at the end of October, in that they came up against a goalkeeper who made some incredible saves.
Man Utd did not do much wrong against Hammers
Media playback is not supported on this device Man Utd 1-1 West Ham: We believe results will appear - Man Utd assistant Rui Faria
Perhaps Wayne Rooney could have come on a bit earlier than the 65th minute against West Ham but, other than that, Mourinho tried pretty much everything they could to break the opposition down.
Mourinho mixed up their side's attack by playing more long balls up to Zlatan Ibrahimovic, and used Jesse Lingard in a more central role, with Juan Mata also cutting inside.
They dominated the game and had lots of shots and, after conceding very early on, you could not say they really did much else wrong apart from maybe not getting Mata on the ball enough high up the pitch.
West Ham deserve some credit but the home side were unlucky.
I also thought Mourinho was a bit unlucky to be sent off as well, although nowadays it seems you cross a line when you kick a bottle - everyone who has done so this season has been punished the same way.
Mourinho was sent to the stand in the 27th minute for their angry reaction after midfielder Paul Pogba was booked for trying to avoid a challenge by a West Ham player
It is not the first time Mourinho has lost their temper this season - it is linked to what is happening in front of him.
On Sunday, if you are the Red Devils manager, you are going to be frustrated with the way the game is going, but it was a massive over-reaction and they must have known they would be sent off.
Sir Alex Ferguson, David Moyes or Louis van Gaal would all have been the same as Mourinho - all pretty annoyed. It just comes down to how you show it.
Mourinho certainly didn't hide their feelings. I think whoever is putting those bottles in the United technical area should find somewhere else to keep them, because they are only going to keep kicking them if they are angry.
They need to keep a lid on things because the hierarchy at United will not be happy with the way they are behaving.
Mourinho made their mind up on players too early
Ander Herrera only started one of United's first five league games under Mourinho, but has missed only one of their past eight league games
Since they took charge at Old Trafford at the end of May, Mourinho has not been afraid of criticising their players and they are clearly the kind of manager who is not afraid to fall out with them.
There is nothing wrong with that but, it seemed as if they made their mind up on too many people right at the start of their time as United boss.
Ander Herrera is probably the best example of that. At the start of the season they were not really in the picture but now they are probably their best midfielder.
Michael Carrick was also a bit-part player when they should have been far more than that, even with age limiting their appearances.
So Mourinho has worked out that some of the players who were out of favour can play a key role for him, even if others like Anthony Martial and Luke Shaw are yet to win them over.
 They are the manager and they have to go with their instincts when they decide which players they think they can get more out of, or they do not think are giving enough.
I do feel they have got it wrong with Martial, and Shaw as well, but there is still a way back for them.
Mourinho has already shown that they will allow you back into the fold if you react the way they want you to, and there are not many players in their squad who can say they have not had an opportunity under him.
They named Bastian Schweinsteiger in their squad for the first time on Sunday, although they did not get off the bench, so Mourinho is clearly willing to keep trying things too.
I think they will get it right but, to make the top four and get back into the Champions League, it has to happen soon otherwise they are going to be even further off the pace.
Can Man Utd save their season?
A draw or win at Zorya Luhansk in their final Group A game on Thursday, 8 December would take United into the last 32 of the Europa League
Mourinho has got an incredible CV. As they tell us regularly, they won the Premier League only 18 months ago, not 18 years ago.
 They are a momentum manager and their Chelsea sides, particularly during their first spell at Stamford Bridge, went on tremendous runs of form.
That is not happening at Old Trafford and I think not winning games is affecting their players' confidence and decision-making, especially in front of goal.
It seems like they are over-thinking things a little bit when they get chances in front of goal, but Mourinho knows that and will be doing their best to put it right.
Not everything is under their control, however. They have shown down the years that they will pick the same 11 players if possible, but at United they have been forced to change their team around.
That is partly down to injuries or, in the case of Carrick, the fact they cannot play every game any more. United's involvement in the Europa League has not helped, either.
I think it has affected them already, the same as it has done with Southampton.
In terms of mental fatigue there is certainly something about Thursday football that changes your whole preparation for the weekend.
I remember from my days, playing for Arsenal in the old European Cup Winners' Cup, that Thursday is usually a night where you can relax and look forward to Friday and the build-up to your game.
When you are playing, it throws your whole week out.
I would never have said it publicly, because it was European football and I had to get on with it, but I did not want to be in that competition. I am sure some of United's players feel the same way.
Martin Keown was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
The Los Angeles Dodgers selected Corey Seager out of Northwest Cabarrus HS (Concord, North Carolina) with the No. 18 overall draft pick in the first round of the 2012 MLB Draft. You could say Seager is exceeding expectations to this point, finding themselves in High-A as a 19-year-old after a little over a year since joining the Dodgers organization.
Seager began the season in the Midwest League and tore it apart while battling injuries throughout the season. In 312 plate appearances, the shortstop batted .309/.389/.529 with 12 home runs and 9 stolen bases. But the statistics are even more impressive if we narrow the time frame from Seager's first game back from the disabled list to their final game in A ball: .335/.423/.605 (195 plate appearances).
The dominating performance earned them a call up to join the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes in High-A, which also meant I could get my first live look of Seager. The embedded video is from their batting practice and live in-game at bats against the Lake Elsinore Storm on Aug. 9, 2013.
Following the successful completion of the fuelling operation, the team continued with the next hazardous step: pressurizing the fuel tanks. This last step was completed and on Friday the spacecraft mated with the PAF, the interface adapter between Sentinel-1B and the ASAP-S, hosting the co-passengers.
Yesterday, the ASAP-S intermediate structure – with Microscope and Fly Your Satellite fully integrated – was moved to the final integration hall where it will be awaiting the flight-ready Fregat for mating before Sentinel-1B arrives.
In parallel to these activities, all three stages of the launcher have now been fully assembled. The launcher is currently undergoing pyrotechnic and electrical checks in the MIK building. This facility is also used for Fregat (Soyuz upper stage) preparation before fuelling in the Fregat Fuelling Facility (FCUBE).
This morning the ESA team went to the MIK facility to have a look at the fully assembled Soyuz launcher.
It slowly dawns on us that the launch is planned for next week!
From the ESA Sentinel-1B team in Kourou.
For information about our Sentinel-1 mission visit www.esa.int/sentinel-1
Blu-Ray Review: Rabid (Collector's Edition)
Rabid
Blu-ray (Collector's Edition)
Director: David Cronenberg
Screenwriter: David Cronenberg
Cast: Marilyn Chambers, Joe Silver, Howard Ryshpan, Patricia Gage, Susan Roman, Lynne Deragon
Distributor: Scream Factory
Rated R | 91 Minutes
Release Date: November 22, 2016
Written and directed by David Cronenberg (Videodrome, The Fly), Rabid stars adult film star Marilyn Chambers (Behind the Green Door) as Rose, a young woman who develops an insatiable thirst for human blood after undergoing experimental plastic surgery.
While driving through the Quebec countryside, Rose and their boyfriend, Hart (Frank Moore), get into a motorcycle accident. They're brought to the nearby Keloid Clinic for Plastic Surgery for emergency treatment. Hart's banged up with a broken hand and a separated shoulder, but Rose is severely injured and burned by the fiery crash. Dr. Keloid (Howard Ryshpan) decides to perform a new radical procedure on the burn victim, one which uses “morphogenetically neutral” grafts to replace the damaged skin and organs.
The experimental procedure causes a mutation in Rose. A new organ, which looks like an insect stinger, emerges from an orifice that has developed in Rose's armpit and pierces their prey to draw blood, their new source of sustenance. Rose leaves the clinics to feed, turning their victims into rabid, blood-thirsty zombies who go on to infect others, leading to a city-wide epidemic.
Released in 1977, Rabid, like most of Cronenberg's work, explores our fears of body mutilation and disease, and the psychological trauma that results from a biological transformation. What's interesting is that Rabid is also a unique spin on the zombie movie – a precursor to 28 Days Later, where the zombies act more like rabid animals than reanimated corpses. It appears to be heavily inspired by George A. Romero's early films, Night of the Living Dead (1968) and The Crazies (1973). Cronenberg's film also shares some thematic elements with Romero's Martin, released in the same year, about a young man who believes themselves to be a vampire and drinks blood to survive.
While Rabid is Cronenberg's fourth feature film, following Stereo (1969), Crimes of the Future (1970), and Shivers (1975), it's their first great one; a movie that served as a launchpad for the Canadian filmmaker's unparalleled output of iconic films in the late '70s and early '80s, including The Brood (1979), Scanners (1981), Videodrome (1983), The Dead Zone (1983), and The Fly (1986).
Chambers, in their first leading role in a mainstream film, gives a great performance as Rose, and the unsettling practical effects are impressive for a low-budget feature – a promise of what was to come from Cronenberg, who is known for their fixation with “body horror.” Now available on Collector's Edition Blu-ray from Scream Factory, Rabid is a must-own for film fans. This release is spectacular, with a new 2K scan from the film negative, presented at Cronenberg's preferred aspect ratio of 1.66:1, and a DTS-HD Master Audio Mono soundtrack.
Like their recent Dead Ringers Blu-ray, this is a definitive release of a Cronenberg classic, packed with new and archival special features, which you can read more about below. Rabid (Collector's Edition) is available at Amazon.
Bonus Features
– NEW 2K scan from the negative at director David Cronenberg's preferred aspect ratio (1.66:1)
– NEW Audio interview with author Jill C. Nelson (Golden Goddesses: 25 Legendary Women Of Classic Erotic Cinema, 1968-1985)
– NEW Young and Rabid – An interview with actor Susan Roman
– Audio commentary with writer/director David Cronenberg
– Audio commentary with William Beard, author of The Artist As Monster: The Cinema Of David Cronenberg
– Archival interview with David Cronenberg
– Interview with executive producer Ivan Reitman
– Interview with co-producer Don Carmody
– From Stereo To Video – A video essay by Caelum Vatnsdal, author of They Came From Within: A History Of Canadian Horror Cinema
– Original theatrical trailer and TV spot
– Radio spots (U.S. and U.K.)
– Still gallery
Trailer
Clip: The Pool
Cover Art
Follow me on Twitter!
AP Photo/Jerry Morsey The New York City of the 1970s looked very different from the gentrified metropolis we know today. The Bowery, now lined with luxury apartments, housed much of the city's illicit activities, while drug dealers and prostitutes worked openly from Park Slope to Times Square.
Industrial decline, economic stagnation, and white flight led to the dramatic downturn for America's largest city.
Gotham had an unprecedented fiscal crisis in 1975, and two years later the city descended into chaos after the power went out for 25 hours. New York City saw 1,814 homicides in 1980 — three times what we have today — while the population declined to just over 7 million from nearly 8 million a decade before.
At the same time, crack and heroin infested the city, driving the crime rate even higher.
Robert Stutman, a former special agent for the NYC DEA, told Frontline, "Crack literally changed the entire face of the city. Street violence had grown. Child abuse had grown hugely. Spousal abuse. I had a special crack violence file that I kept convincing the geniuses in Washington who kept telling me it wasn't a problem."
By 1990, the annual homicides in New York peaked at 2,245. The city lived in fear.
Opioid painkillers that have led to thousands of deaths and new drug addicts should be the highest priority of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, said Scott Gottlieb, President Donald Trump's pick to lead the agency.
“The opioid epidemic in this country has staggering human consequences,” Gottlieb said Wednesday in a hearing before the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions. “I think this is the biggest crisis facing the agency.”
Likening the widespread abuse of opioids to the outbreak of Ebola virus that ran rampant in West Africa, Gottlieb said that the agency would have to pursue a number of paths, such as working with drugmakers seeking approval for alternatives and abuse-deterrent versions of the drugs. More than 33,000 people died from opioid overdoses in 2015, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The agency would “push the policy boundaries” for approval of safer opioids and other alternatives if he's confirmed, Gottlieb said. “It's going to be an all-of-the-above approach.”
Gottlieb is likely to be confirmed by the full Senate when they eventually get a vote. Their comments to the committee Wednesday seemed to assuage concerns by some senators on the drug crisis as well as other issues, including potential conflicts of interest that come from their work as a consultant and investor.
Number of Hats
A former FDA staffer who left the agency to work in the business world, Gottlieb also faced questions on their ties to healthcare companies. Financial disclosure forms show they earned millions of dollars from various investment banks and pharmaceutical firms last year and in the first part of this year, including $1.85 million for their work as a managing director at T.R. Winston & Co., an investment bank that raised money for a number of public companies.
“You do wear an extraordinary number of hats,” said Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat from Washington.
Gottlieb replied that at the FDA, they would be guided by science. If confirmed, they would resign from T.R. Winston, divest interests in more than a dozen companies and temporarily recuse themselves from making decisions on at least 20 more where they have financial interests or was paid consulting fees, including GlaxoSmithKline Plc and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
“The lives and the futures of families like mine are affected by the decisions made by the FDA,” Gottlieb, whose wife, children and parents were at the hearing, said in their opening statement. They pledged to make sure “the FDA puts their interests first in everything we do.”
Drug Prices
Gottlieb has previously spoken about lowering drug prices, a Trump priority, by speeding approval of generic drugs. He's particularly focused on complex medications that combine old drugs with newer delivery devices, as well as those with unusually complicated formulations.
In their prepared remarks, Gottlieb urged rejection of what they called a “false dichotomy that it all boils down to a choice between speed and safety.” Instead, they wrote, if the FDA leverages new technology and better science it can improve efficiency and safety “and also remain faithful to FDA's gold standard for regulatory conduct.”
Gottlieb, 44, served as a deputy FDA commissioner from 2005 to 2007. They haven't faced the same criticism from Democrats that other Trump administration choices have, such as Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Supreme Court justice nominee Neil Gorsuch.
In addition to their consulting and investment work since leaving the agency, Gottlieb has also been a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative-leaning Washington think tank. They were trained as a physician and completed their residency in internal medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York after graduating from the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in 1999. They earned a degree in economics from Wesleyan University in 1994.
Related:
Copyright 2019 Bloomberg.
Shopping with the Chef
On any given Sunday morning, Randall Selland of Ella, The Kitchen and Selland's Market—can be found loading up their van under Hwy 50 with fresh produce from the Sacramento Central Farmers' Market. We shadowed them recently and got a true chef's-eye view.
By Tori Masucci
Photographs by Max Whittaker
Which farmers' markets do you like to hit?
I've been going to one farmers' market somewhere in the region every week for like 22 years, and normally at least two. When they open up Cesar Chavez [Plaza's farmers' market on May 1], I'll be there every week. A lot of the time I'll go to the Saturday market at Country Club Plaza. If I'm looking for specialty things like berries other than strawberries in the middle of summer, then I'll go over to the Davis Farmers Market. I'll always be at the Sunday market [in downtown Sacramento]—it's a phenomenal market all year round, even in the middle of winter. It's great for me to be able to go down there and pick up stuff from the farmers that we can use for the restaurants.
Like what?
When I get there I usually stop and say hello to our friends who sell avocados and strawberries from Williamson Farms [in Santa Cruz County] on the main aisle on the north side. And Magda from Twin Peaks [in Newcastle] has beautiful tree-ripened citrus. Then there's Rob Montgomery [of Rob's Natural Produce in Butte County] right next to them [Recently] I bought a whole bunch of Chioggia beets from him. They're bright red on the outside, almost scarlet red, and white with red stripes in the middle. I'm not much of a beet person, but I really like those a lot. Then I go two doors down to Sunshine Farms [in Capay Valley] and they grow really beautiful stuff. [This spring] I bought baby carrots and Japanese turnips and romaine lettuce from them.
The best blueberries I think anywhere come from John Glick and their wife who own [Delta Blue Blueberries] outside of Lodi. They're firm, juicy and super ripe. Even if you don't like blueberries, you'll love these. You've got Brenner [Ranch] around Newcastle that grows the best peaches you will ever have. Peaches will come in probably early June. There's a guy named Patrick Hoover out of the Placerville area who has berries and squash during the summer and they have apples during the winter. We'll buy their berries and put them in the fruit salad at the café. People will have our fruit salad and they'll say, “What did you do to the fruit? I haven't tasted fruit like that.” Well, we just took it out of the package and put it in the bowl.
Can you give us some examples of farmers' market ingredients you've used on your menus?
At The Kitchen, probably 90 percent of everything we use comes right from the farmers' markets. In a scallop dish [recently, I used] Cara Cara oranges, Minneola tangerines and navel oranges from Aoyama Farms just north of Fresno. And we did Brussels sprouts, which we just sautéed with bacon and onions. People love our Brussels sprouts from Contreras Farm in Half Moon Bay. We'll get like four to six 40-pound cases at a time. At Selland's, for a Sunday brunch [earlier this year], we used pasture-raised eggs from Dan Jones at Islote Farms [in Capay Valley], who is down at the farmers' market every Sunday. They're gorgeous, nice big yellow-orange yolks and they're firm and really yummy eggs.
Can you also find good meat at the market?
Yeah, we get heritage chicken from Kristy and Brian at Chowdown Farm [in Capay Valley]. People are used to mild, more dry chicken and their chickens are more muscular and meatier, and the flavor is better. [The chickens] are out running around having a good time—what chickens were supposed to do before they just kept them in cages. So the legs are much bigger on them and you can definitely tell the difference. Also down at the meat end, you'll have Lucky Dog Ranch [in Dixon], and they supply meat to Lucca and Roxy—the people who own those restaurants own Lucky Dog. Then there's also Winterport, which is [two doors down from] them, and they grow grass-fed beef out of Ione. And right next to them you'll see a guy named Martin Emigh selling lamb that comes from the Dixon area, which is unquestionably some of the most sought-after lamb in this region.
Do you have advice for people who are new to the farmers' market?
My advice would be to just go walk, just wander aimlessly and look at the produce. Let your eyes do the shopping for you. If it looks fresh, it is fresh. A lot of the farmers can give you a taste of their food. A lot of them will have fruit cut open. I've been known to just buy random stuff because it just looked so beautiful or tasted so good. I'll take it to the chefs [at my restaurants] and they go, “But I didn't ask for this!” And I say, “Yeah, but it's so cool I had to buy it.”
I like to talk to the farmers. I like to support them and [develop] personal relationships. That's half the fun, you know. Know the source. I'll stop at the booths of people I know just to say hi even if I'm not buying anything from them. It's just a fun outing on a Sunday. It excites me to no end. Even after all these years, I just get giddy over the whole thing. S
CHICAGO - For the first time, scientists have measured the stress levels of fathers of premature babies during the tense transition between the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) and home and discovered fathers are more stressed than moms, according to a new Northwestern Medicine study.
Fathers and mothers of these very low birth weight babies had high levels of the stress hormone cortisol in their saliva prior to being discharged. But the fathers experienced an increase in their stress levels as measured several times over the next 14 days at home while the mothers' stress levels stayed constant.
“Dad goes from a situation where the baby and mom are cared for by experts in the hospital to having to simultaneously care for their baby, partner and work.  They are supposed to be the ‘rock' for their partner but the stress can really set in,” said lead author Dr. Craig Garfield, associate professor of pediatrics and of medical social sciences at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine.
The study was published Dec. 1 in the Journal of Perinatal and Neonatal Nursing.
Garfield and their team measured the parents' stress levels in two ways: salivary tests that measure cortisol levels and paper surveys. They tested the participants the day before they were discharged from the hospital, then one day, five days and 14 days after coming home.
“One day of being stressed at home is not a big deal,” said Garfield, who also is an attending pediatrician at Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago. “But if their levels are still high after two weeks, that's more concerning.”
During the 14 days after arriving home, the fathers' cortisol levels steadily increased while the mothers' stress levels returned to “pretty much back to where they started,” Garfield said.
Interestingly, the fathers' stress levels based on salivary test results were higher than they reported feeling in the survey. This could indicate that the fathers weren't in touch with how stressed they really were, Garfield said.
To help relieve fathers' stress and ease the transition, Garfield recommends parents place more emphasis on the dad becoming comfortable and gaining confidence with the baby while still in the NICU. Moms need to remember that dads need time to relax, too, Garfield said.
“Dads should be telling the mom to go take a walk, take a shower, see a friend,” Garfield said. “But moms can also say, ‘Why don't you go to the gym, see your friends, meet someone after work?' as ways to reduce some of the stress.”
“Babies thrive when parents thrive, and if parents are stressed out, that can impact their parenting of the child, the relationship between the mom and dad and can alter infant attachment,” they said. “This all is just much more pronounced with medically vulnerable babies leaving the NICU and going home with mom and dad.”
While the study didn't examine stress levels in parents of full-term babies, Garfield said those parents still report feeling stress when returning home.
“While finally bringing a baby home is really wonderful, it can also be stressful because of sleep deprivation, the lack of control and having to respond constantly to the baby's needs,” Garfield said.
The study was funded by the Agency for Health Research and Quality grant number #R21 HS20316 .
Why I Started This Blog
I was raised to eat meat, but I have always loved animals. I was a vegetarian for about 27+ years and am now returning to being a lacto-ovo-vegetarian. I was never able to just eat meat the way others do. I always saw an animal.
When I was preteen, I used to enjoy visiting my paternal grandmother. They had a Jersey cow that we called "Old Jersey." They were so gentle. They let me and my cousins hang all over them and pet them
I have been reluctant to share this story because, to me, it is gory, but here goes. Old Jersey had a calf and my dad and my uncle, who saw it as meat, slaughtered it right in front of old Jersey and me. They were penned up just out of reach while they watched their calf be killed. I bellows of painful grief are forever burned into my memory. I remember standing there helpless and dumbfounded--shocked that anything like this could really be happening.
My family hunted and fished and I always cried when a deer was shot and when a fish was caught and allowed to suffocate out of water.
These stories may be self-indulgent, but they explain where I am coming from on this blog.
I want to share information to others who would like to make kinder choices even if they won't consider vegetarianism. The information is also for those who want to consider vegetarianism but don't know where to start. It's not about finding meat substitutes, it is about finding the incredible variety of vegetables that can make your meals more delightful than you could ever imagine. It is also about making kind choices if you want to add eggs and dairy to your diet.
By Monica Brown, Tulalip News Writer
Aaron Carapella, a Cherokee Indian, has taken it upon themselves to create a map that shows the Tribal nations of the U.S. prior to European contact. The map is of the contiguous United States and displays the original native tribal names of roughly 595 tribes, and of that, 150 tribes are without descendants. Without descendants means that there is no one known to be alive from that tribe and are believed to be extinct.
Aaron's journey to making the Native American Nations map began 14 years ago. At the age of 19, Aaron had already gained a great deal of knowledge from listening to stories from their family, elders from their tribe, and reading books on Native American history. To explain where their knowledge came from Aaron said, “My Grandparents would tell me, you're part Native American and that's part of your history. They would give me books to read about different tribes' histories, so, I grew up with a curiosity of always wanting to learn more about Native American history.”
After reading the many books on Native tribes and not finding any authentic type maps which failed to accurately represent the hundreds of modern day and historical tribes, Aaron decided to start creating a map for themselves that would be authentic and cultural. “The maps in the books were kind of cheesy, they only had maybe 50 to 100 tribes on them,” said Aaron.
The inspiration for the map to depict original tribal names came from a book that they were reading which explained the real names of tribes and reason they were given the names they have today.
“I didn't want to make a map with just tribe's given names on it. I wanted it to be accurate and from a Native perspective,” said Aaron.
The process to collect tribes' real names led Aaron from books, to making many phone calls to tribes across the country, asking them one seemingly simple question, what is the actual native name of your tribe?
“Some tribes, once contacted, wouldn't know that information,” they said, but they would get them in contact with an elder or someone that would have the information they needed. “Every tribe I've contacted, I've noticed they are really good about getting back to you about cultural questions, they had a really good response time,” said Aaron.
On the map there are approximately 175 merged tribes, listed among the 595. The map displays what others fall short of, to make known the significant fact that is overlooked every day and that is, that tribes inhabited the entire U.S. and not just small portions of it.
“It is kind of sad that I can't find a tribe's real name because they aren't here anymore,” said Aaron about learning the truth of what happened to many tribes. Some tribes were victims of genocide, some dwindled away from disease or other life threatening situations and some were merged forcefully or willingly with other tribes to make one large tribe. “Today some small tribes are enumerated under larger tribes, and do not have separate sovereignty. A good example of that is the Delaware Tribe of Oklahoma who recently split from the Cherokee Nation,” said Aaron explaining about how some tribes have merged.
“To be honest, in general in the United states, Americans are very ignorant about Native American history and the only time they deal with Native history or reality is when tribes have enough money to fight back against injustice happening to them. In my small way, making this map is to reinforce the true history of the injustice and the genocide that occurred,” Said Aaron.
Aaron has not received any funding to create the map and any profit from the map sales will go towards Aaron's future map projects, which will include an in-depth look at the tribes of the states of California and Washington. A map of the First Nations in Canada is already in the works and close to being complete.
Aaron is of European and Cherokee descent and can speak the Cherokee language. They have a bachelor's degree in marketing and is considering returning to school to get a master's degree in Native American studies so that they can pursue their interest in Native American history.
The Native American Nations map can be purchased from their website and prices range from $89 to $199. For more information or to purchase a map visit http://aaron-carapella.squarespace.com/. Aaron can be reached through email at tribalnationsmap@gmail.com and by phone at 949-415-4981.
Fourteen ads and the metadata that Facebook provided about them have now passed into the public domain. An analysis of that metadata shows that the ads racked up very few impressions, but that the click-through rate on the ads was very, very, very high. According to a couple dozen digital-marketing people whom I've been in touch with, as well as my own direct previous experience, this is about the maximum possible performance one could get.
3.3 million Americans directly followed one of the Russian Facebook pages.
As a result of the ad campaign and the evident audience-building skill of the Russian trolls, approximately 3.3 million Americans ended up following a Russian page, based on Facebook's data, according to Senator Warner. That's a lot of people. So far, Facebook has not committed to notifying any of them or us.
Despite that, with the evidence on hand, it would be impossible to say that the campaign swung the election.
Even given the skill and reach of the Russian disinformation campaign, based on what we know, it is highly unlikely that the ads—or the campaign as a whole—swung the election. The amount of Russian content on Facebook was a tiny sliver of the overall content (or political discussion) on the platform.
To swing the election, the campaign would have had to be highly targeted in the states that decided the election: Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. Senator Burr, the Senate Intelligence Committee chairperson, opened the hearing with some important numerical context. The ad spends in those states were tiny. The total amount spent targeting Wisconsin was a mere $1,979; all but $54 was spent prior to the completion of the primary, and none of the ads even mentioned Trump. The spending in Michigan and Pennsylvania was even smaller. The organic reach in these states was undoubtedly larger, but based on everything we've seen or been told by Congress, and given the tremendous resources at play in the U.S. presidential election, the known aspects of the Russian disinformation campaign could not have played a major role even in the states that were decided by very few votes.
All of this is premised on the idea that this is all there is to the disinformation campaign. That could turn out to be wrong, but this is all that Congress has managed to extract from the companies, and (presumably) all that the companies have managed to extract from themselves.
Neither Facebook nor Twitter has seen evidence that Russian pages used voter data to target ads or posts.
There had been some speculation that the most effective way to swing the election would be to target small numbers of voters in the three key northern states. That may very well be true, but Facebook and Twitter both said they had seen no evidence of the voter file being used to build specific audiences.
Alongside the iPad Pro, Apple announced an accompanying keyboard case during its special event in San Francisco. But those looking for an alternative to Apple's own solution could opt for a Logitech case instead.
The Swiss manufacturer has announced its own iPad Pro accessory, the Logitech Create Keyboard Case.
It will be the first third-party keyboard compatible with the iPad Pro's Smart Connector, which means the case itself doesn't require its own power source to charge, unlike Logitech equivalents for the iPad and iPad mini. The iPad Pro charges the keyboard when in use, so it will always work the moment you want it to.
The connection also means that it pairs with the new iPad every time it is placed in the typing position, you no longer have to pair it over Bluetooth.
It is also custom designed to work well with iOS 9 and has full-size keys. It also offers thin and lightweight protection as a case when no in use.
READ: Apple iPad Pro first-look: Trying out the Pencil and keyboard with the new bigger iPad
Apple iPad Pro 9.7 review: The tablet to beat all tablets
The keyboard case is made of tightly-woven premium fabric, so helps resist accidental bumps, scratches and spills.
It will be available in the UK, US and other select countries in Europe and Asia at the same time as Apple launches its new device in November.
Pricing details for the Logitech keyboard case will be available nearer release.
CLOSE Rescuers were searching late Saturday for more than 100 people still missing after a powerful, shallow earthquake struck southern Taiwan before dawn, causing a high-rise residential building to collapse and killing at least 14 people. (Feb. 6) AP
Rescuers work over rubble at the site of a collapsed building in the southern Taiwanese city of Tainan on February 6, 2016 following a strong 6.4-magnitude earthquake. (Photo: Sam Yeh, AFP/Getty Images)
Thousands of Taiwanese rescue and military personnel worked feverishly Saturday hoping to locate scores of people missing after a magnitude-6.4 earthquake struck near the city of Tainan along the island's southeast coast.
At least 15 were killed and about 150 are missing in the temblor that collapsed several buildings, including a high rise in Tainan, a city of 1.8 million, according to CNA, the official Taiwan news agency.
More than 250 residents lived in the 17-story residential building. A 10-day-old girl was found dead in the arms of their father, who was also killed, Reuters reported. Of the 14 killed, 11 were found in the building.
Questions were immediately raised about construction of the fallen high rise, which folded like an accordion onto its side, the Associated Press reported. Taiwan's Interior Ministry said there would be an investigation.
About 340 people were rescued in Tainan and there were nearly 500 injuries, although most were listed as minor, according to CNA. Two people were pulled from the rubble at night nearly 24 hours after the quake struck.
U.S.. State Department spokesperson John Kirby issued a statement Saturday expressing "the deepest condolences over the recent devastation and loss of life caused by the earthquake in southern Taiwan. The heartfelt thoughts of the American people are with all those affected in Taiwan."
Hung Chung-jye, chief surgeon at the National Chen Kung University Hospital in Tainan, where many patients were transported, said most of the injuries were minor and only 13 of 65 victims treated there were admitted, according to The New York Times.
The Taiwan News reported one boy was found when rescuers followed the sound of a meowing cat that was with the child. Water supplies were cut to 400,000 residents, some 120,000 were without power. High-speed rail service was halted to the southern half of the island, according to media reports.
The disaster occurred two days before the Lunar New Year celebration. Authorities feared that many of the buildings had higher occupancy rates as families gathered ahead of the holiday. Gas leaks and water pipe ruptures were reported throughout the city. Sirens wailed as authorities responded to the quake.
The temblor struck about 4 a.m. local time Saturday and was felt as far away as mainland China. U.S. Geological Survey geophysicist Paul Caruso told the Los Angeles Times the quake was relatively shallow at six miles underground and thus capable of causing greater damage. It was located some 22 miles southeast of Yujing.
In the capital of Taipei on the other side of the island, the quake was felt as a lengthy, rolling shake. Taipei was quiet, with no sense of emergency or obvious damage.
The center of the earthquake was located about 15 miles from Pingtung, in southern Taiwan, according to the USGS. The city government there set up an emergency response center and urged onlookers not to block emergency crews, China Post reported.
There were at least four sharp aftershocks, the newspaper said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1T52mL3
Silvare Profile Blog Joined August 2011 230 Posts Last Edited: 2012-04-15 21:11:50 #1 What: igniteStarcraft Weekly Casual #9
Where: Ignite Network, 3171 N. Clybourn Ave., Chicago, IL
When: Thursday, April 19, 2012
Time: 6-11pm
Cost: Free to attend, or $10 to rent a PC for the entire event
-------------------------------
We will be focusing on 2v2's this week!
What to expect:
- An all-league 2v2 tournament where the highest league players will be matched with the lowest, so teamwork is important. The winning team gets a great pair of prizes!
- The tournament will be cast and streamed live at
- Starcraft players receive a huge gaming discount - $10 for 5 hours of gaming during the event. Get in some practice, watch other people play, ladder, or just start team and custom games with your friends!
- Come hang out with other local players, grab a smoothie, and get some good practice in. Use our peripherals, or feel free to bring your own headset, mouse/pad, and keyboard. We'll happily hook it all up for you!
- A SteelSeries Battlestation, where you can play SC2 using some of their amazing gaming gear, free of charge!
There are 20-30 new and returning players every week. Everyone is really friendly, so don't be afraid to come out. See you all there~
Facebook event link
Chicago SC2 Facebook Group
-------------------------------What to expect:- An all-league 2v2 tournament where the highest league players will be matched with the lowest, so teamwork is important. The winning team gets a great pair of prizes!- The tournament will be cast and streamed live at http://www.twitch.tv/dantaro - Starcraft players receive a huge gaming discount - $10 for 5 hours of gaming during the event. Get in some practice, watch other people play, ladder, or just start team and custom games with your friends!- Come hang out with other local players, grab a smoothie, and get some good practice in. Use our peripherals, or feel free to bring your own headset, mouse/pad, and keyboard. We'll happily hook it all up for you!- A SteelSeries Battlestation, where you can play SC2 using some of their amazing gaming gear, free of charge!There are 20-30 new and returning players every week. Everyone is really friendly, so don't be afraid to come out. See you all there~
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. -- New York Mets left-hander Johan Santana, who underwent Sept. 14 shoulder surgery to repair a torn anterior capsule in their left shoulder, has started tossing a baseball, pitching coach Dan Warthen said Friday.
Warthen said they spoke with Santana, who is rehabbing at their home in Fort Myers, Fla., by telephone. During that conversation, the ace told Warthen they have played catch three times. Santana is expected to arrive at the Mets' complex in Port St. Lucie within a couple of days, ahead of Tuesday's official reporting date.
Mets officials have estimated Santana could return in June or July, but Warthen noted Santana's injury is rare for a pitcher and they didn't want to offer any precise projection.
"We'll see what happens from there. He's played catch," said Warthen, who was retained, along with third base coach Chip Hale, from former manager Jerry Manuel's staff.
Warthen said the Mets will monitor Santana closely so that they do not attempt to do too much, too soon. The pitching coach noted Santana did not want to come out of their final game in Atlanta when they experienced the discomfort last year.
The previous season, Santana did not want to cut short their season to have their elbow cleaned out, even though the Mets were not in contention for the postseason. In 2008, Santana pitched a complete game against the Florida Marlins the second-to-last game of the regular season with the Mets' postseason aspirations at stake, despite torn knee meniscus that subsequently required surgery.
"I just don't want him, because of who they are, to push themselves to try to get there too early and have another setback," Warthen said. "We knew two years ago when they had the bone chips that they aren't ready to come out. We had to talk them into that. And even last year they aren't going to go out in that game [against the Braves]. That's who Johan is. Common sense has to prevail somewhere."
Although Warthen said they have "no history" of dealing with players who have had surgery to repair torn anterior capsules, they added that the organization will be vigilant to ensure Santana replicates their old delivery.
Given the large sample size (1868) and the diversity in scientific backgrounds of our respondents, results were segregated according to fields of expertise and publication metrics, as indicated by the respondents in their respective answers to questions 6 and 7. The self-declared fields of expertise were categorized as WG1, 2, 3, or other fields of expertise, analogous to the tagged expertise fields (see SI ). Around 65% of those with self-declared WG1 fields of expertise also were tagged with WG1 fields of expertise. Respondents who were labeled as “unconvinced” indicated more often than other respondents that they had expertise in one or more of the WG1 fields and they indicated more expertise fields in general. For a subgroup of invitees, Google Scholar metrics regarding number of publications were also available as tagged information. For fields of expertise as well as publication metrics, aggregated results did not strongly depend on tagged or self-declared numbers. More details can be found in the SI
Figure 2. Percentages for the contribution of anthropogenic GHG to global warming since the mid-20th century (Q1). Responses are shown as a percentage of respondents ( N ) in each subgroup, segregated according to self-declared (SD) fields of expertise “WG1” (categorized as Working Group 1) and “attr or aer” (expertise in attribution or aerosols and clouds).
Four respondents tagged as AR4 WG1 authors chose the “26–50%” option and, as such, disagreed with AR4's attribution statement. Those who were tagged as “unconvinced” ( N = 88, not shown) consisted of two main subgroups: one claiming only a minor effect of anthropogenic GHGs (GHG < 25%), and the other claiming the answer was “unknown due to lack of knowledge”. Six of the “unconvinced” respondents selected the option GHG > 50%, thus agreeing with AR4's attribution statement.
AR4 WG1 authors (not shown) responded similarly to those with (self-declared) expertise in attribution or aerosols, also preferentially selecting “>100%”. As the self-declared number of publications increased, so did the proportion of respondents selecting “>100%”, although still below the answer option of “76–100%” (see SI ).
Their awareness of or judgment about the offsetting effect of aerosols appears important in how respondents answered Q1, as is discussed in more detail below. The proportion of respondents who chose GHG > 100% was higher among respondents with expertise in “attribution” or “aerosols and clouds” (see Figure 2 ).
Q1 also concerned the contribution of GHGs, but then as a percentage of observed warming since the mid-20th century. This enabled a direct comparison with the well-known AR4 statement on attribution, which states that this contribution is(probability >90%) to be more than 50%. Less well-known is the fact that IPCC in AR4 also states that GHG forcing alone was(probability >66%) to have resulted in greater than observed warming if there had not been an offsetting, cooling effect from aerosol and other forcings. In AR5 this was further clarified. The net cooling effect of aerosols means that the sum of all warming contributions exceeds 100%. (21-23) This is the reason for including the answer option “>100%”, which, even if counterintuitive, would be consistent with both AR4 and AR5 and with recent research. (21-23)
The responses to Q3, on the qualitative GHG contribution to global warming since preindustrial times, are shown in Figure 1 . Responses were segregated according to the self-declared number of climate-related peer-reviewed publications, in four ranges of approximately equal size. About half the respondents stated that they had authored or coauthored more than 10 peer-reviewed climate-related publications. Responses indicating a cooling influence of GHGs (11 responses or fewer than 1% of the total) were grouped under the category “insignificant”, for graphing purposes. The majority of respondents selected the highest score (“strong warming”) for the GHG contribution. This majority was even stronger for respondents with the highest number of self-declared publications. A similar, though less pronounced trend was found for respondents with increasingly relevant fields of expertise (see SI ). Furthermore, 82% of AR4 WG1 authors selected the “strong warming” option for this question (not shown).
Consensus
Responses to Q1 and Q3 were both condensed into three categories: (1) agreement; (2) disagreement; and (3) undetermined (“unknown”, “I do not know”, and “other”). Those who selected any of the options of GHG > 50% in answer to Q1 were included in the “agreement” category. The answer “no warming” was included in the “disagreement” category. For Q3, responses were interpreted as “agreement” if GHGs were accredited with strong warming or with moderate warming if none of the other natural or anthropogenic factors were deemed to have caused strong warming. So, according to these respondents, GHGs were either the strongest or tied for the strongest contributor to global warming.
N = 174) and four quartiles of approximately equal size (N = ∼400), based on their self-reported number of publications. Results are shown separately for the questions of qualitative (Q3) and quantitative (Q1) attribution. In Figure 3 the distribution of respondents over the categories “agreement”, “undetermined”, and “disagreement” is shown for all respondents and for five different subgroups: the group of AR4 WG1 authors (= 174) and four quartiles of approximately equal size (= ∼400), based on their self-reported number of publications. Results are shown separately for the questions of qualitative (Q3) and quantitative (Q1) attribution.
Undetermined responses (unknown, I do not know, other) were much more prevalent for Q1 (22%) than for Q3 (4%); presumably because the quantitative question (Q1) was considered more difficult to answer. This explanation was confirmed by the open comments under Q1 given by those with an undetermined answer: 100 out of 129 comments (78%) mentioned that this was a difficult question.
There are two ways of expressing the level of consensus, based on these data: as a fraction of the total number of respondents (including undetermined responses), or as a fraction of the number of respondents who gave a quantitative or qualitative judgment (excluding undetermined answers). The former estimate cannot exceed 78% based on Q1, since 22% of respondents gave an undetermined answer. A ratio expressed this way gives the appearance of a lower level of agreement. However, this is a consequence of the question being difficult to answer, due to the level of precision in the answer options, rather than it being a sign of less agreement.
As a fraction of the total, the level of agreement based on Q1 and Q3 was 66% and 83%, respectively, for all respondents, and 77% and 89%, respectively, for the quartile with the highest number of self-declared publications. As a fraction of those who expressed an opinion (i.e., excluding the undetermined answers), the level of agreement based on Q1 and Q3 was 84% and 86%, respectively, for all respondents, and 91% and 92%, respectively, for the quartile with the highest number of self-declared publications.
The similarity between the fractions as derived from Q1 and Q3 (excluding the undetermined responses) suggests that it is reasonable to interpret the answer option “moderate warming” (provided no other factor was deemed to have caused “strong warming”) as agreeing with the IPCC. The fraction of respondents that disagreed with a dominant human influence on climate was 12% and 14%, based on the answers to Q1 and Q3, respectively. This group becomes smaller, 8% in both cases, for the quartile with the highest number of publications. A table with consensus estimates for the different subgroups and expressed in the above-mentioned two different ways can be found in the SI (Table S3). Excluding undetermined answers, 90% of respondents, with more than 10 self-declared climate-related peer-reviewed publications, agreed with dominant anthropogenic causation for recent global warming. This amounts to just under half of all respondents.
Figure 3. Responses shown as percentages of agreement and disagreement about the dominant influence of GHGs on global warming, based on responses to Q3 (qualitative GHG contribution) and Q1 (quantitative GHG contribution). Also shown are the percentages of responses for the answer options “unknown”, “I do not know”, and “other”, combined and labeled as “undetermined”. These answer options were much more prevalent for the quantitative question (Q1). The level of agreement increases for respondents with increased self-declared number of peer-reviewed climate-related publications and is highest for AR4 WG1 authors.
Different surveys are not directly comparable, due to different groups of people being asked different questions. However, since climate science surveys typically drew from the same overall pool of climate-related scientists, Bray (18) suggests that these can be meaningfully compared, to study the net change in aggregate opinions. They concluded that the level of consensus has grown over time. This is consistent with the analysis of the peer-reviewed literature that shows a similar increase in consensus.
Our results for the level of consensus are similar to those found in other surveys. (3, 24-26) Doran and Kendall-Zimmermann (3) reported an 82% consensus among 3146 earth scientists, which rose to 88% for those who identified themselves as climatologists, which is very similar to our findings. However, Oreskes, (2) Anderegg et al., (4) and Cook et al. (5) reported a 97% agreement about human-induced warming, from the peer-reviewed literature and their sample of actively publishing climate scientists, as did Doran and Kendall-Zimmermann (3) for the most published climatologists. Literature surveys, generally, find a stronger consensus than opinion surveys. This is related to the stronger consensus among often-published–and arguably the most expert–climate scientists. The strength of literature surveys lies in the fact that they sample the primary fora where the evidence is laid out, whereas the strength of opinion surveys such as ours relates to the fact that much more detail can be achieved about the exact opinions of scientists. As such, these two methods for describing scientific consensus are complementary. Different surveys typically use slightly different criteria to determine their survey sample and to define the consensus position, hampering a direct comparison. It is possible that our definition of “agreement” sets a higher standard than, for example, Anderegg's definition (e.g., AR4 WG1 author or having signed a public declaration) and Doran and Kendall-Zimmermann's survey question about whether human activity is “a significant contributing factor”.
Korean culture is dynamic, fun and interesting. But all cultures are different, and if you're coming to Korea, there are some things that you might have to get used to. Here's some culture shock in Korea that have made some uncomfortable! Be ready!
(Click images for sources)
Culture Shock in Korea via Public Bathrooms
Bathrooms are mine fields for encountering culture shock in Korea. Here are a few things that might make you say “errr…….T.T”
Garbage Cans for Used Toilet Paper
Some older buildings can't handle flushing toilet paper as it will clog the toilets. So sometimes there will be signs attached to bathroom walls asking you to throw away your used toilet paper in a garbage can. These cans are usually to the side of the toilet and are usually filled with everyone else's used goods for the day. This Korean culture shock is yucky, but if you don't follow the rules, you might be the jerk that clogged the toilet.
Tip: These older toilets can KINDA flush toilet paper, so you can take a chance. But it is extremely risky (and of course rude if you're unlucky!).
Ajoomas in Mens Bathroom
Most public bathrooms in Korea have designated janitors. The reason this is a Korean culture shock for some men is when an ajooma (older woman) comes in with a mop in hand while you're doing your business. And although you might be worried of having an ajooma check out your junk, don't worry. They're just there to pick junk up! (don't worry ladies, men won't be cleaning your bathrooms in Korea ;))
Squatters
Instead of having a toilet seat to do your business, you might have to do your thang in a squatter toilet, or maybe more accurately described as a porcelain hole in the floor. Squatter toilets are leftovers from before Korea's rapid modernization and are commonly found in less developed areas of Korea. But you will still find these gems even in modern cities like Seoul (usually in older buildings). If you've never used one of these, you will feel uncomfortable.
Soap on a Stick
A lot of people are used to having public bathroom soap come from a dispenser instead of bar soap. That way each serving of soap is for 1 person and 1 person only. No sharing of germs and other nasty stuff that might have been on your hands. But some public bathrooms in Korea have soap on a stick. And that's used by everyone. It's basically the same as using bar soap, but the fact that it's on a stick comes as culture shock to some newcomers to Korea. But if you find one these, you should feel lucky. There are many cases where you won't find any soap in public bathrooms in Korea. Soap on a stick it is! (See a pic here)
Culture Shock in Korea via Touching
Touching the Same Sex in Korea
If you come from a culture where touching among the same sex is not common, you might feel a bit of culture shock in Korea. Younger Korean women like to hold hands or at the least link arms with their bffs to show some affection. It's even acceptable for Korean women that have met for the first time (and really hit it off) to at the least link arms. As for the males, it's more common among older Korean men to hold hands with their homeboys. But even younger Korean men don't feel that there's anything wrong with putting an arm around a buddy's shoulder. Sounds like childhood friends hanging out right? That's what it's basically about: showing affection like kids do. But you did the same when you were a kid didn't you? If not, you might have to get used to it in Korea!
Watch our video below discussing touching the opposite sex in Korea. Also, your homie Keith has a post on Korean hugs vs American hugs on their personal blog. Make what you will of it. Touching might be a source of culture shock if you're coming to Korea.
Culture Shock in Korea via Food
Double, Triple and Centuple Dipping
Korean food is inherently designed to be a communal activity. With the exception of individual rice bowls, Korean food is traditionally put out in the middle of the table for everyone to dig in at the same time. This goes for both banchan (side dishes) and main dishes. Most people don't have any problems with banchan as chopsticks are great for picking up individual pieces of food. But where many people new to Korea feel a bit of culture shock is with the main dishes (mostly stews). Main dishes are traditionally ordered for the entire table. So the 4 other people you're sharing your kimchijjigae with will stick their spoons in the same pot, take a sip, and dip again for another mouthful. To some, that will be culture shock in the form of spit swapping, but in Korea, it's just a very normal way of eating. Although nowadays there are some people that are trying not to do this, there are still many Koreans that love to dip, dip and dip.
Tip: If you feel uncomfortable with this, ask for another dish to pour your own food into first. Find this tip, along with other useful tips for eating like a Korea local here.
Language tip: 앞접시 주세요 (apjeopsi juseyo) – please give me a (small) dish
Do you have your own Korean culture shock experiences that have made you feel uncomfortable? Share with us in the comments!
[np_storybar title=”Read Michelle Rempel's tweets here” link=”#1″]
[/np_storybar]
Tory MP Michelle Rempel bluntly responded to calls that they succeed Stephen Harper on Thursday in a stream of late-night tweets, laying out the resistance she'd expect to encounter as a young, female candidate for party leadership.
“I'm a 35 year old chick. We're not supposed to do these sorts of things, you know,” wrote the Calgary Nose Hill MP and outgoing minister of western economic diversification, who was re-elected for a second term in Monday's election.
“But but she's so YOUNG and ONLY FOUR YEARS and SO BOSSY,” reads another tweet posted early Thursday. “These are the things we face. I am competent, proven, and ready. Here's the question — are you ready for someone like me?”
The tweets come amid rampant speculation about who will be the next Conservative Party leader — with a handful of veteran politicians sounding off on whether they'd vie for the leadership. Former PC leader Jean Charest and Brian Mulroney's son Mark, a Toronto business person, both ruled out a bid Thursday. Meanwhile longtime MP Diane Finley signalled they would seek the interim leader job, to be held while the party sorts out a permanent solution.
Rempel's comments were spurred by an apparent onslaught of messages from supporters, who called on them to “do it” and run for leader. Later Thursday, in an interview the National Post, they would not say for certain whether they were planning on a bid.
“We need to ensure that we are sending a message through our leadership race that we are open to hearing all sorts of ideas and perspectives from different types of candidates in different types of regions,” they said. “There isn't one pre-conceived box that defines who or what we're looking for.”
As for their gender, they said they never felt their gender had held them back in their career; rather, that they didn't want anyone selecting themselves out of the leadership pool.
“There are always reasons people give you why you shouldn't do it, it's usually framed as they're giving you inside information at this state.”
Resentment against the Conservative's old guard appears to have emerged in the the aftermath of the election, with party faithful grumbling about the campaign's cynical tone — which stood in stark contrast to the exuberance of Justin Trudeau and the Liberals. Senior Harper government ministers — including Jason Kenney, a possible leadership contender — have publicly called for a revamp of the Tory image.
“We need a conservatism that is sunnier and more optimistic than what we have sometimes conveyed,” Kenney said after the election.
Lisa Raitt, the Tory minister of transport lamented on CBC Radio that the Conservative campaign didn't appeal to “women like me between the ages of 18 and 49 years old.”
The Calagary Herald reportedThursday that women in the Tory caucus were incensed by Harper's attacks on female premiers, namely Ontario's Kathleen Wynne and Alberta's Rachel Notley.
With files from Jen Gerson, National Post and the Canadian Press
Here's the full set of Rempel's tweets:
Choices. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Just not ready is no longer an argument. Times have changed. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
All your DMs with DO IT isn't helping. I'm a 35 year old chick. We're not supposed to do these sorts of things, you know. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
I mean, I'm too brash, impetuous and abrasive, right? — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Maybe I should take a little time – good things come to those who wait. I'm a bit too aggressive. Maybe the base won't understand me. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Maybe I need to prove myself a little more. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Rempel, forget those 43 CBC panels, and the 15 years of successful campaigns you've managed for the Party. Or the money you've raised. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Good things come to those who wait. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Right? That's how it works. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Even though you were born Michelle Marie Godin in French Manitoba, your French is slightly shitty. That rules you out. Not your time. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Pay your dues, rub some green off of you. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Nevermind that your pre political CV is pretty okay, by any standard. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
You rub some of our caucus the wrong way. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Just….bide your time. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
As party, we have some pretty incredible people who move the ball forward on the field. Now is the time to recognize all of them… — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
…and set any preconceived notions aside. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
My party can reflect all of Canada. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Hell, it already does. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
They tweet too much. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
She's a bit too authentic. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
She's….she's….shes… — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
She's……not perfect. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
They must have had a glass of wine. They couldn't possibly be saying these things out of sound sober thought. I mean, really. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
Many of you talk about women in leadership in politics. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
These are the things we face. I am competent, proven, and ready. Here's the question – are you ready for someone like me? — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
But but she's so YOUNG and ONLY FOUR YEARS and SO BOSSY — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
It's not like they navigated tricky communications for four years,a high profile parl committee, or reformed a federal department, pfft. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
their party cred…wasn't an eda prez or managed our policy input process for years or anything. Nope. Just bossy. Young. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
They couldn't possibly knock Trudeau off their game. — Michelle Rempel (@MichelleRempel) October 22, 2015
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Have you read what Washington's ambassadors in your neighboring Arab countries write about Iran?
Esfandiar Rahim Mashai: I've been traveling a lot recently, so I haven't had a chance yet. But our experts are examining the disclosures very intensively and have reported everything to me.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Are you surprised by the clarity with which some Gulf States, as well as Egypt, call upon the United States to stop Tehran's nuclear ambitions?
Mashai: These documents are not authentic. The national interests of the United States and its allies are behind this. They see the world through their eyes, pursue their own goals, and draw the conclusions that suit their purposes.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: What are the intentions of the United States, in your view?
Mashai: America wants to portray itself as the leader of the world, as master of the destinies of nations. It wants to play off the regimes in the region against one another. It wants the world to believe that we are divided. It wants to legitimize its presence and influence in the region.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: But the diplomatic reports were published against Washington's will and are damaging to the United States. The WikiLeaks disclosures are not a State Department PR campaign.
Mashai: Are you sure about that? How, then, did WikiLeaks gain access to the documents?
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Presumably through a US Army private who had access to a central government database and has since been arrested.
Mashai: Do you believe that? Then you must be very naïve indeed. No, the United States is behind this deliberate leak. The Americans are trying to paint the world in black and white. They underscore the differences among nations and want to show everyone that peace is only possible in cooperation with them.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Do you question the authenticity of the more than 250,000 documents?
Mashai: I don't want to get into individual documents and their authenticity. But I have no doubt that a US government plan is behind this disclosure. When someone wants to suggest something, they include fake information with real information so as to create a certain impression. That's why each country has to analyze the documents that relate to it, which is what our experts in Tehran are doing now.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: In other words, you do take the embassy reports very seriously.
Mashai: We are only examining them to figure out the Americans' tricks.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: You refuse to believe that your neighbors fear Iran?
Mashai: That's what we read in the reports. But it's the United States that is trying to instill fear of Iran in these countries. No one is afraid of us, nor should they be. But one can also see these reports as evidence of how much pressure the United States exerts on some governments. When that happens, things are said that the other party wants to hear.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Is that how you explain the statement by the Saudi Arabian king, who demands that the United States "cut off the head of the (Iranian) snake?"
Mashai: That isn't the language of the Saudi Arabian king. In their reports, the US ambassadors can claim that anyone said anything. Our friends in the region are denying everything.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: because they don't want to upset Tehran any further.
Mashai: They don't deny the mistakes they've made in the past, such as when they supported Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein in their war against us. And we generously forgave them. Even if one of our friends had said something unfortunate, the Iranian nation would forgive them.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: So, in your view, the fear of your nuclear program is pure fantasy on the part of the US ambassadors in the region?
Mashai: We want to use nuclear energy in a peaceful way. Our neighbors know that. If they fear anything, it's a military strike against Iran by the United States and its allies. If they are afraid, then it's the result of American and Zionist propaganda.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Are your fellow Iranians able to view the WikiLeaks disclosures on the Internet, or is the site blocked, like so many others in Iran?
Mashai: Anyone can access the site. Why should be blocked it? We are a great nation that doesn't have a problem with such disclosures. Our nation is smart enough to see through this campaign.
We've seen the Game of Thrones paper atlas, as well as a number of interactive versions that allow you to plot the routes of the characters through George RR Martin's hugely popular fantasy saga. Now there's some fresh Thrones cartography: a map of its hitherto unmentioned rail system.
The map, by graphic designer Michael Tyznik, suggests that dragons are not the only rapid transportation option in Westeros. It wittily reimagines the chaotic political upheaval of the kingdom as having settled down to the point where a transit system, complete with complex interchanges, has been hashed out – the river of red running down its spine is the only hint at the rampant violence. There are little in-jokes like the boxed-out apology by Harrentown station: "Please pardon our dust as Harrenhal is restored". But you can forget about ever getting even a bus past the Wall, where the services definitely terminate.
Tyznik is selling giclée prints of the map online, and there's also an even larger version taking in Essos available on their Flickr.
[rust-dev] 0.5 priorities and beyond
With 0.4 nearly complete, I have been thinking a lot about planning for 0.5 and beyond. A common refrain around MV, at least, is "oh, let's fix that in 0.5". At this point I think we plan to do everything from fixing some outstanding bugs in the regions type system to porting the windows build over to visual studio to complete traits to implementing partial compilation. In other words, a lot of stuff we'll never actually finish in a month or two. To that end, I was thinking that perhaps we could try to plan a bit more up-front our 0.5 priorities. I made a wiki page: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/wiki/Note-0.5-priorities where I was hoping that we could note down things that perhaps ought to be priorities. I figure people can add what they think is important and we can hash out at the next meeting what ought to be 0.5 and what ought to come later. Things that should come later can then be added to the roadmap as necessary. Niko
ANCIENT TANNING METHODS
NOTE: What follows are a general outline of what is involved in brain tanning hides. There are many different "formula's" or directions for tanning out there. Some are simpler and some more involved. I heartily recommend following the links at the end of this article for those who want to try brain tanning. -WRK-
Technically speaking, the primitive method of preparing leather for clothing which we will be discussing here isn't really tanning. What one is doing is stretching and working the hide into a usable, stable state. Preservation is asssisted by a smoking process which colors the hide as well.
The hide should be fresh when you begin this process. Old hides or hides that have begun to decompose are not desirable. Don't use them. The first thing you need to do is to soak the hide in clean water for a couple of days. Change the water daily and make sure the hide remains completely submerged during the entire soaking process. Rocks are often used to keep the hide weighted down under the water. After a couple days, check the hide and see if the hair is ready to "slip." If you can remove the hair you are ready for the fleshing step. If it doesn't slip you may have to sprinkle wood ashes onto the hide, rub them in, and roll it up with the fur side in. After a day or so test the hide to see if the ashes have done their work and then rinse the hide in cool, clean water. The ashes make a lye which loosen the hair. If you are doing a hide from a deer you shouldn't have to worry about using ashes-two or three days of soaking in the water should do it. The only thing that would make you wait more than three days is if it's real cold outside. Then it could take a few days longer.
Fleshing The Hide
The water is wrung out of the hide and it is put on a fleshing beam. This is a debarked log that is buried into the ground so that it sticks out at an angle that puts the end of it about waist high. Then you scrape every bit of fat, flesh, and hair of the hide. It takes a lot of elbow grease. You are not only removing stuff, but also evening out the thickness of it. You're trying to make things as uniform as you can. Rinse the hide thoroughly in cold water and wring it out. Now lace the hide to a large frame and stretch it tight.
And Now..The Brain In "Brain Tanning"
Mix the brains from the animal into warm water and mash them up into a paste. If you don't have enough brains to make enough paste for your hide you can add liver paste or get some cow brains. Rub the brain mixture into the stretched hide until it is thoroughly saturated and soaked in. Remove the skin from the frame and soak it in water again and then wring it out. Stretch it on the frame again and now the real work begins.
"Breaking The Hide"
There are a couple of ways to "break' the hide. The first is while it is in the frame or stretched between two trees or something, you take a tool that looks like a canoe paddle and use it to push on the hide. You apply pressure inward and push and pull the paddle across every part of the hide. When you do this it breaks down part of the cell structure and leaves the hide soft and supple. Rinse the hide and repeat this step several times before going to the final step of smoking the hide.
Another way that I read in The Indian How Book, is to soak the hide in water and loop it around a tree. Then you take a stick and shove it into the loop and twist and twist the hide until its tight. Then you let it dry, soak it again in water, and repeat the stretching process until its soft and even.
Smoke Coloring and Preservation
Finally, hot coals are covered with wet oak chips, or corn cobs, or beech wood chips. The hide is tented over the smoke and the smoke is made to fully permeate every part of the hide. Be very careful not to let the coals blaze into flame so that your hide doesn't catch on fire or get burned. Watch things carefully and don't leave things alone. When the hide is the shade of brown you want to take it down and fold it up for several days and you're done.
Let me say that there are several variations on this method. This is only one. I would strongly suggest that you visit the Native Tech Tanning page. There you will find a great deal of information on how to pursue this ancient craft. Good Luck!!
Back to Buckskinning Skills
Match date: 4 November 2015
In the last match day, Arsenal won 2-0, scoring the decisive goal on a set piece through Olivier Giroud. Bayern Munich controlled the ball in that game, but lacked the cutting edge, while Arsenal's defense, while effective in the end, certainly had weaknesses.
Guardiola made two changes in their 4-2-3-1 from that last match against Arsenal with Javi Martinez coming in to partner Boateng at centre back. Alaba, who started at centre back in the last Champions League match, started at left back. Further forward, Kingsley Coman was given the start with Vidal dropping to the bench.
Wenger was forced to make a number of changes with Gabriel and Debuchy coming in at centre back and right back, respectively. Ramsey was replaced by Joel Campbell on the right side on the midfield and Giroud started up top with Walcott out in Arsenal's 4-2-3-1.
Thiago
‘Thiago or no one' was what Guardiola said in regards to the transfers they were seeking when they first came to Bayern Munich. The former Barcelona midfielder had shown signs of being an excellent talent in their appearances at the Catalan club, but they have turn into a world class footballer under Guardiola (when healthy). This match showed not only this world class quality that Thiago has, but just how important they were to Bayern Munich. The Spaniard created chances, did excellent defensively, and, most importantly, dictated the tempo of the game for Bayern Munich.
Playing in a 4-2-3-1, a slightly different shape compared to the 4-1-4-1 that Bayern Munich played the last time against Arsenal, Thiago played on the left side on the two holding midfielders alongside Xabi Alonso. This became extremely important to allowing Thiago to get on the ball as much as they did. The Spaniard was allowed to dictate the game and create chances, such as the ball that Lewandowski headed past Cech for the opener, because of what Kingsley Coman and David Alaba did around him. Coman had a good match; they took on Debuchy a few times and put some good balls across the box, but the most important part of their performance was that they were always willing to stretch the pitch on the left side of Bayern Munich's attack. This, of course, stretched Arsenal's back four and because of their willingness to take on Debuchy and their pace, it pushed Arsenal back on that side. This gave Thiago more space and they would drift into a wide left position at times, but mostly only in the middle third. As Bayern Munich moved into the final third, the movement of Alaba and Coman allowed Thiago relative freedom in the central areas as the two former players would drag Debuchy, Cazorla, and Mertesacker out of position.
More important to Thiago's play than Coman, however, was the positions taken up by Alaba throughout the match. Despite playing at left back on the official line up sheet, Alaba's position was much more advanced and central. There were some phases of Bayern Munich's build up play when the Austrian would position themselves at left back and defensively they would certainly come back to a left back role, but much of the time, when Bayern Munich had the ball, Alaba would get very high and central beyond Thiago. Alaba would occupy the likes of Cazorla which meant that Thiago now the freedom to their left because Coman stretched the play for them laterally and had space vertically with Alaba pushing Cazorla back. Alaba's movement would happen almost right away when Bayern Munich won the ball and, at times, Thiago would drop to the left of Javi Martinez into the space where a traditional left back would position themselves during the build up phase of a team like Bayern Munich. Below you can see them in a more central role during Bayern's build up play, but notice Coman stretching the field wide and Alaba making their central, forward run.
Differences From Arsenal's 2-0 Win
Bayern Munich's movement of the ball was much quicker in this match compared to the last match day, however, a lot of this had to do with Arsenal's defensive work. As noted in the analysis of that last match, Santi Cazorla is not in the Arsenal side because of their defensive abilities, but rather to dictate Arsenal's play. Yes, they can win tackles and make interceptions, but when Arsenal defends deep, they lose players or, in this case, does not maintain enough pressure on the ball. This was a big difference for Arsenal compared to their win; they defended in a low block as they did in the other match, but there was significantly less pressure on the ball when Bayern moved the ball just around the edge of the penalty area. The perfect example is the first goal a Thiago cross to Lewandowski at the back post.
This lack of pressure on the ball not only allowed passes like this, but allowed Bayern Munich to play quick combinations around the box and open Arsenal up. It is one thing not to concede space, as Arsenal tried to do by defending deep, but to do so effectively, there must be pressure on the ball.
Another big difference from the first match was that Lewandowski was no longer as isolated. At the beginning of the match, Douglas Costa was playing centrally just behind Lewandowski, while Thomas Müller was playing on the right, stretching the width of the pitch as they did in the first match. However, from about 10 minutes in, Costa switched out to the right and Müller came inside and played just off of Lewandowski. This was a big difference from the first match as Müller enjoys playing in the penalty area and was able to create space for Lewandowski and the midfield runners that wanted to get onto the second balls from crosses. Müller's lack of presence in the central areas during the first match was very noticeable and it made a huge impact for Bayern when they played centrally.
For Arsenal, there were a few significant differences from their home win. The first was the personnel. Rather than Walcott up top, Olivier Giroud started which meant that Arsenal lacked a threat in behind the Bayern Munich back line that they had in the first match. Sanchez was in the side on the left and their pace and directness was influential at times, but they were also pegged back because of Lahm's advanced positioning. Giroud was an isolated figure when Arsenal were defending deep, but they remained an outlet for Arsenal to play long to, but rather than having the pace of Walcott to create chances, Giroud had to hold the ball up and wait for Arsenal players to support them and they struggled at times to get out of their defensive shape.
In the opening stages, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Özil looked good going forward for Arsenal. As mentioned, Sanchez was direct with their dribbling, while Özil overloaded the left side of the pitch, which made sense both in that they could support Sanchez and their movement was not as easily tracked by Alonso as it would have been by Thiago. Aside from a few glimpses and Özil's disallowed goal, the duo had little impact on the match.
Pressing
A big part of the match was the pressing of each side. Arsenal, at times, tried to press Bayern Munich, although it is hard to say if this was really in the initial plans of Arsene Wenger or a reaction to going 1-0 down very early on in the match. Either way, Arsenal's pressing was not very useful, but instead left the English side a bit open at the back and Bayern Munich used these opportunities to play quick, direct passes through the middle of the pitch, but they also looked to play big diagonal balls to Douglas Costa and Kingsley Coman in the wide areas where they were isolated in 1v1s against their respective full backs. Below is an example of this; Thiago gets on the ball and plays wide to Costa on the far side. In this instance, Alexis Sanchez recovers quickly enough and Monreal forces Costa back toward the halfway line, but this allowed Bayern to get the ball forward quickly and behind Arsenal's midfield for a brief period of transition.
Another good example was just prior to Bayern Munich's second goal. Arsenal had five players around the ball, but there was a disconnect not only between the lines, with the back four too deep compared to the holding midfielders, but a disconnect between the five players around the ball. Below you can see Giroud and Campbell moving away from the ball while Sanchez is pressing. This phase of play led to an Alonso pass to an isolated Lahm at the halfway line with the five Arsenal players below working back to recover. Lahm played the ball to Costa, who engaged Monreal and played back to Lahm, who then crossed into the box and Müller was able to get on the end of it and score.
Bayern's pressing allowed them to keep control of the ball and snuff out Arsenal's counter attacks on a number of occasions. The pressing from Bayern Munich in the last match was good, but there was notably more intensity about it in this match. Bayern would swarm the ball quickly and rather than win the ball and try to keep it, they would instead look to play into the spaces that the Arsenal ball carrier would have been in defensively. It is easy to point out that Alaba's goal came from good pressing as they won it back and beat Cech from distance (it is also worth noting their central position in this instance).
Conclusion
An excellent performance by Bayern Munich and Thiago, in particular. The German side's ball movement was much improved compared to two weeks ago and they were able to translate their possession into goals. Thiago's influence on the game, being the one to dictate the tempo of Bayern rather than Alonso, was a huge reason for Bavaria's more effective possession. The Spaniard was quick and decisive with their passing and looked to break the lines.
Arsenal find themselves in a difficult position in the Champions League now. They must win both of their remaining matches and hope that Olympiakos do not win a match.
Efficient Use of Core Reader and Writer
In a previous blog post, I used Core, Async and bitstring to write a tiny library for talking to Memcached using the binary protocol. Reader and Writer are the primary I/O abstractions used in Core and also underlies my implementation. To better understand the mechanics of Reader and Writer and how to use them efficiently, I decided to examine the implementations and APIs more closely. The following is a summary of my findings.
Reader
Reader is an abstraction for asynchronously reading data from a file descriptor. It does so by issuing read system calls, either non-blocking in the same thread or blocking in another thread. Data from the file descriptor is read into an internal buffer of type Bigstring.t .
Here's a simple example for reading into a string buffer:
let buffer = String . create 10 in
Reader . really_read reader buffer >>= function
| `Eof -> printf "Failed
"
| `Ok -> printf "Read: %s
" buffer
In more details, this is what happens:
A string of 10 bytes is allocated. 10 or more bytes is read from the file descriptor into the internal buffer of reader using read system call. 10 bytes are blitted from internal buffer of reader to buffer using memcpy.
Copying data from the internal buffer to buffer may be wasteful if buffer is not later mutated. If buffer is used in an immutable fashion, we can achieve the same without the wasteful copying:
let handle_chunk buffer ~ pos ~ len =
if len >= 10 then
`Stop_consumed ( Bigsubstring . create buffer ~ pos 10 , 10 )
else
`Consumed ( 0 , `Need len )
in
Reader . read_one_chunk_at_a_time reader ~ handle_chunk >>= function
| `Eof -> printf "Failed
"
| `Ok buf -> printf "Read: %s
" ( Bigsubstring . to_string buf )
Using this approach we skip step 1) and 3), as the result is simply exposed as a substring of the internal buffer. No additional copying is done.
Accessing the internal buffer of reader as Bigstring also allows us to read binary data in an easy fashion:
(* handle_chunk : Bigstring.t -> pos:int -> len:int -> *)
(* [ `Consumed of int * [ `Need of int ] *)
(* | `Stop of { magic : int; ... } * int ] *)
let handle_chunk buffer ~ pos ~ len =
if len >= 24 then
let open Bigstring in
(* example parsing Memcached header *)
let header = {
magic = unsafe_get_int8 buffer 0 ;
opcode = unsafe_get_int8 buffer 1 ;
key_length = unsafe_get_int16_be buffer 2 ;
(* more fields here *)
} in
`Stop_consumed ( header , 10 )
else
`Consumed ( 0 , `Need 24 )
Bigstring has a family of functions for parsing binary values with the naming scheme unsafe_get_[type]_[endian] , e.g. unsafe_get_uint32_be . Using any function prefixed with unsafe_ should make you think twice. The documentation has the following note:
The “unsafe_” prefix indicates that these functions do no bounds checking. […] In practice, message parsers can check the size of an outer message once, and use the unsafe accessors for individual fields, so many bounds checks can end up being redundant as well.
As we check the buffer length up front we should be safe.
The above approach parses and copies data from the internal buffer, and is as such not zero copy. To achieve zero copying, you could use a library like cstruct, which might be a topic for a future blog post.
Writer
Writer is an abstraction for asynchronously writing data to a file descriptor. A Writer.t maintains a queue of Bigstring.t to be written to the file descriptor, and issues writev system calls every so often (either based on time or once per scheduler cycle). Data can be added to the queue either by providing Bigstrings directly, or by writing to the internal buffer of the Writer.t (type Bigstring.t ).
This is the simplest way to write a string to a Writer is as follows:
Writer . write writer "123"
Under the covers, this is what happens:
The string "123" is blitted to the internal buffer of writer , which gets added to the writer's queue. Writer will asynchronously write to the file descriptor using writev system call.
If you already have a Bigstring.t , it can be added directly to the queue:
let buffer = Bigstring . of_string "123" in
Writer . schedule_bigstring writer buffer
This avoids all copying, since buffer is simply added to the writer's internal queue. Note that since writing to the file descriptor is done asynchronously, it's not safe to modify buffer in the meantime.
Like with Reader, the internal buffer of a Writer can be exposed. This is done through the Writer.write_gen function:
Bigstring . write_gen : length : ( ' a -> int ) ->
blit_to_bigstring : ( ' a , Bigstring . t ) Blit . blit ->
? pos : int -> ? len : int -> Writer . t -> ' a -> unit
type ( ' a , ' b ) Blit . blit = src : ' a -> src_pos : int -> len : int ->
dst : ' b -> dst_pos : int -> unit
That is, given a function length : 'a -> int and a function blit_to_bigstring : src:'a -> src_pos:int -> len:int -> dst:Bigstring.t -> dst_post:int -> unit , write_gen will return a function to write a value of type 'a to the internal buffer of a writer: ?pos:int -> ?len:int -> Writer.t -> 'a -> unit .
Like for Reader we can use the exposed Bigstring for writing binary data using the family of functions Bigstring.unsafe_set_[type]_[endian] , e.g. Bigstring.unsafe_set_uint32_be . Let's look at an example for writing a Memcached header:
module Header = struct
type t = { magic : int ; opcode : int ; key_length : int (* and more fields *) }
(* length : t -> int *)
let length t = 24
(* blit_to_bigstring : t -> Bigstring.t -> pos:int -> len:int -> unit *)
(* We'll ignore the len argument for simplicity *)
let blit_to_bigstring t buffer ~ pos ~ len =
Bigstring .(
unsafe_set_int8 ( pos + 0 ) t . magic ;
unsafe_set_int8 ( pos + 1 ) t . opcode ;
unsafe_set_int16_be ( pos + 2 ) t . key_length ;
(* ...and so on *)
)
(* write : t -> Writer.t -> unit *)
let write t writer = Writer . write_gen ~ length ~ blit_to_bigstring t writer
end
The same considerations above about safety apply here.
So in terms of efficiency if your data is represented as a Bigstring, it's most efficient to schedule it for writing with Writer.schedule_bigstring (or any other Writer.schedule_* function). This avoids all copying. If not, then you can either serialize to a Bigstring and schedule it, or write it to the writers internal buffer with write_gen . This is not zero copy, but is better than serializing to a string and then writing that to the writer.
Wrap up
The most efficient use of Reader and Writer is achieved by not copying data needlessly. For Reader this is done with Reader.read_one_chunk_at_a_time and returning “views” of the internal buffer. For Writer it's most efficient to schedule Bigstrings for writing with Writer.schedule_* or use Writer.write_gen to write directly to the writer's internal buffer.
Achieving minimal or zero copying by obeying the mentioned guidelines make APIs a little more cumbersome though. Instead of reading and writing data with strings, reads need to return Bigsubstrings and writes must be done with Bigstrings or Bigsubstrings. Depending on your application it may or may not be worth this extra complexity.
If you like this post, please vote on Hacker News.
3 Simple Words to End Child Nagging and Negotiating
Have you ever met a more persistent creature than a child trying to get what they want? I don't know about you, but I haven't. There is no one with greater resolve or dedication than a kid on a mission to get their parent's approval.
Unfortunately, this level of persistence isn't always well-received by parents who are often forced into these hostage negotiations at inopportune times – in the candy aisle of the grocery store, in the toy aisle of Target, in the middle of trying to cook dinner, while trying to take a shower. It's as if children can see we are vulnerable and try to pounce in our moments of weakness.
While it's important to teach children gratitude to combat the pleading in the stores, it's equally important to stop the negotiations before they get out of hand. From the famed “Are we there yet?” to this morning's “Can I have ice cream for breakfast?” to this afternoon's “Can I have ice cream for dinner?” kids are notorious for their one-track minds, and they will ask…and ask…and ask…just in case you've changed your mind in the last minute.
Why do children nag?
As with any behavior, you must first understand the root of the issue in order to address it appropriately. As a positive parenting expert, I teach tools based on Adlerian Psychology which asserts a child's behavior is not random.
Child nagging is a learned behavior that children of any age can pick up. Children will continue to use it because once, in a moment of weakness, you caved and let them stay up an extra half hour after they asked for the eighth time. In short, the nagging worked – it achieved the child's goal of getting an extended bedtime.
How can I stop my child from nagging?
Like any learned behavior, child nagging can be unlearned. The solution comes from Lynn Lott, co-author of the Positive Discipline series of books, and it works on kids as young as two or three, all the way through their teens.
It only takes three simple words: “Asked and Answered.”
The concept is simple. When seven-year-old Daniel begs to dig a giant hole in the front yard and gets “no” for an answer, chances are he'll be back in five minutes asking again – this time with a “pleeeeeeaase” just so you know they really, really wants to dig the hole.
Instead of repeating yourself or jumping into a lecture, avoid child nagging by getting eye to eye and follow the process below:
Step One:
Ask,“Have you ever heard of ‘Asked and Answered'?” (He'll probably say no.)
Step Two:
Ask, “Did you ask me a question about digging a hole?”(He'll say yes.)
Step Three:
Ask, “Did I answer it?” (He'll probably say, “Yes, but, I really ….”)
Step Four:
Ask,“Do I look like the kind of mom/dad/teacher who will change her/his mind if you ask me the same thing over and over?” (Chances are Daniel will walk away, maybe with a frustrated grunt, and engage in something else.)
Step Five:
If Daniel asks again, simply say,“Asked and Answered.”(No other words are necessary!)
Once this technique has been established, these are the only words you need to say to address nagging questions.
Consistency is key! Once you decide to use “Asked and Answered” with your nagging child, be sure to stick to it. If the questioning continues even after you've responded with “Asked and Answered,” simply walk away. Once your child sees you won't even engage in the discussion, they will learn very quickly that nagging isn't an effective behavior to achieve their goals.
If 14-year-old Emma is particularly determined to keep asking to get their eyebrow pierced, stay strong. Answering their question again – or worse yet, changing your answer – will reinforce to them that nagging works.
Although it'll take some patience, your child will eventually connect the dots and you'll see results!
Parent as a Team Parent as a Team
Make “Asked and Answered” a joint effort with your partner, and consider including any family or friends who may have to deal with child nagging and negotiating from your child. When Daniel and Emma realize they won't get a “yes,” even after they've asked YOU five times, your parenting partner three times, and grandma twice, they'll get the hint and retire this tactic.
Be sure all caregivers follow through and stay consistent – and before you know it, 20 questions will be a fun game once again, and no longer a negotiation tactic!
Related: When Parents Disagree on Discipline: 8 Steps to Harmonious Parenting
Parenting Children with Autism
Speech and Language Pathologist, Stacy Pulley reports this technique works well for children with communication challenges, particularly those with Autism. They suggest bringing a notebook or a chalk/dry-erase board into the mix and writing down a question once they've asked it more than once, keeping in mind their reading level. Or, draw a picture.
Then, when your child asks again, point to the board or notebook to remind them they've asked, and you've answered. Be sure to use as few words as possible and stay consistent in your language to help them understand the connection as they learn to listen to and respect your answers.
Final Thoughts
Adding this tool to your parenting toolbox is a positive step toward ending the child nagging and negotiating that can wear on even the most resolute of parents. However, if you find yourself in the middle of other power struggles – sibling rivalry, bedtime battles, or backtalk, just to name a few – I'd love for you to join me for a FREE online parenting class
I'll show you how to finally get your kids to listen – no nagging, reminding or yelling required.
With the right tools, you (along with thousands of other parents) can become the parent you've always dreamed of being.
"I felt it was time to clean up," they say, standing in a cold and cluttered corner of their shop, eyeing a stainless steel water heater.
"Not that," they say of the gleaming tank, "that's too good."
That line probably sums up their sale strategy: Move out all of the inventory that isn't at least "too good" — then reopen with just the really good stuff.
Asked for an example of stuff that's too good to part with, they point out a 10-foot high statue of Caesar ("perfect if you want to make a Roman ruins garden with old pillars") or the 1930s electric lawn mower with a swath all of 10 inches wide — "imagine cutting your grass with one of these."
For a 68-year-old man who deals in used stuff, Wareing cuts something of a dashing figure, with a full head of white hair swept back from a face that probably got called ruggedly handsome back when they were a commercial photographer. A neatly trimmed, white goatee and a quiet, confident manner of speech round out the picture.
After 30 years, Wareing is aiming at the unthinkable — reducing their inventory from 70,000 square feet to a mere 7,000. Herculean is the adjective that comes to mind when one contemplates clearing out all the toilets, countertops, doors, electrical motors, chairs, cabinets, stovetops, rocking horses, windows, fireplace mantels and electric fireplace logs, old sewing machines and slightly less old pinball machines, jukeboxes, radios and more.
A scrap dealer who has agreed to give them their price will clean out Mr. Used, separate out the steel to shred, sort and resell — and landfill the rest.
Although Wareing hopes he'll be able to remain in a portion of their current space, they say they may have to move and has lined up Plan B: Another potential "storefront" for their operation. And if that falls through he'll go to Plan C: Pack and store the inventory in shipping containers.
They don't have a plan D.
But whatever happens, the stuff won't be moving in at home.
Their wife Nema runs a tight ship.
"Our house is neat and orderly and dust-free," Wareing says with a chuckle.
"That's all them doing."
Golden State Warriors Android app constantly listens to nearby audio, fan says
The official Android app for the NBA's Golden State Warriors continuously listens in on users' private conversations without permission, according to a federal lawsuit that alleges the practice is a violation of privacy statutes.
The 15-page complaint filed in San Francisco federal court said the monitoring was part of beaconing technology integrated into the Golden State Warriors app. The beaconing is used to track users' precise locations so the app can provide content that's tailored to that locale. The app “listens to and records all audio within range” of a user's microphone, and when the app detects a unique audio signal, it is able to determine the user is in close proximity to a specific location associated with the signal. The beaconing technology, the complaint alleged, is provided by aSignal360, a developer of proximity-related products.
The lawsuit names the Golden State Warriors, Signal360, and app developer Yinzcam as defendants. It was filed on behalf of New York state resident Latisha Satchell, and the lawsuit seeks class action status so that other smartphone users who installed apps with similar behavior may also seek damages. It was filed on Monday, and its docket currently shows no hearings are yet scheduled on the matter.
“Unbeknownst to plaintiff and without their consent, defendants programmed the app to turn on their smartphone's microphone and listen-in,” the complaint alleges. “Specifically, because plaintiff carried their smartphone to locations where they would have private conversations and the app was continuously running on their phone, defendants app listened-in to private oral communications.”
The app, which at time of writing had from 500,000 to 1 million downloads, requires users to opt in to a long list of permissions before it can be installed. One of the permissions is described as “Microphone.” The complaint said the description doesn't sufficiently disclose the beaconing and monitoring behavior, which happens continuously even when the app is running in the background. The only way to stop the monitoring, the complaint alleges, is when the user activates the phone's app process to “hard close” the app. The allegations are based on what the complaint described as a “forensic accounting of the app that reveals exactly how the app operates and uncovers defendants' ability to remotely eavesdrop on consumers' lives.”
“At no time do defendants disclose to consumers that the app uses beacon technology,” the complaint states. “And, defendants have not disclosed that the Warriors app uses audio beacon technology that surreptitiously turns on consumers' smartphone microphones and listens in”
The allegations bring to mind revelations from last year that some advertisers are using inaudible high-frequency sounds to surreptitiously track a person's activities across a range of devices, including phones, TVs, tablets, and computers.
With the complaint just days old, it's too early to know what the central facts of the case will be. Still, it wouldn't be surprising for a key issue to be whether it's accurate to say the app “records” and “listens in to” conversations as alleged. With as many as 1 million people using the app, it seems likely that most or all of the audio is processed locally without ever leaving the user's phone. If that's the case, the behavior may not meet the legal definitions needed to prove it violated the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Update: At Ars's request, mobile security firm Lookout examined the Golden State Warriors app. Here's a quick take from Andrew Blaich, one of the company's researchers.
The app absolutely contains code to record audio. However, at this time and based on our quick assessment the ability to record audio is gated by a software flag that is controlled by the provider of the beacon technology. The beacon technology provider could easily change this configuration on their
server side to enable recording in the app. We don't know what the state of this flag was when the lawsuit was originally filed so these findings simply reflect the status of the app and provider as studied for version 2.2.1 of the app for Android.
In any event, the complaint underscores how vague many smartphone permissions can be. A screenshot of the permissions included in the court document show that the microphone permission only included text stating it “uses the device's microphone(s).” It's arguable that language doesn't go far enough to notify most people that their smartphone mics will be constantly monitoring, or at least processing, all audio within range. The app's current microphone permission has since been revised to read “record audio,” a change that may have been made to make the behavior clearer.
With a large number of other apps almost certainly doing similar undisclosed things, we're likely to hear more about this controversy in the coming months.
By: Dan Goodin
Comments
comments
Story highlights The United States expresses "concern" about the measures in the bill
The State Duma approves a bill barring U.S. adoption, state media says
The measure also imposes restrictions on NGOs and U.S. officials
If approved by the Federation Council, the bill will go to Putin to be signed into law
Lawmakers in Moscow moved Friday to ban Americans from adopting Russian children, passing a bill that imposes a series of sanctions on U.S. interests, state media reported.
Russia is one of the top countries of origin for international adoptions in the United States.
The State Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament, adopted the bill on its third reading, the state-run RAPSI news agency reported.
The measure will now move to the Federation Council and, if approved there, will go to President Vladimir Putin to be signed into law, the news agency said.
The legislation could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt Russian children.
It also bars any political activities by nongovernmental organizations receiving funding from the United States, if such activities may affect Russian interests, the news agency said, and imposes sanctions against U.S. officials thought to have violated human rights.
The move by Russian politicians is widely seen as retaliation for a law that U.S. President Barack Obama signed December 14. That bill, called the Magnitsky Act, imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia.
"The United States is concerned by measures in the bill passed in the Russian Duma today that, if it becomes law, would halt inter-country adoptions between the United States and Russia and would restrict the ability of Russian civil society organizations to work with American partners," U.S. State Department spokesperson Patrick Ventrell said.
The Magnitsky act is named in honor of Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country's history in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state. Magnitsky died in 2009 after a year in a Moscow detention center, apparently beaten to death.
Russian leaders have criticized the bill, which also places sanctions on those involved in the tax fraud Magnitsky uncovered and those responsible for their detention, abuse, and death.
The bill passed by the State Duma is named in turn after Dima Yakovlev, a 2-year-old boy who died while in the care of a U.S. adoptive family, RAPSI said.
Its implementation would nullify a recent agreement between the United States and Russia in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in inter-country adoptions.
"American families have welcomed more than 60,000 Russian children into American homes over the past 20 years," Ventrell said. "Just last month we implemented a bilateral adoptions agreement with Russia to improve safeguards for adopted children and their families. If Russian officials have concerns about the implementation of this agreement, we stand ready to work with them to improve it and remain committed to supporting inter-country adoptions between our two countries."
Only China has more adoptions to the United States than Russia.
Backers of the Russian bill said American adoptive parents have been abusive, citing 19 deaths of Russian children by their adoptive parents since the 1990s, according to local media.
In 2010, an American woman caused outrage after they sent their adopted son back to Russia alone on a one-way flight, saying the boy, then 7, had violent episodes that made the family fear for its safety.
Amnesty International called on Russian lawmakers Thursday to reject their measure, which it said would "have a chilling effect on human rights defenders and civil society" and end adoptions to the United States.
"There is a huge risk that the vaguely worded provisions in this bill will be used to clamp down on government critics and exposers of abuses. Indeed this would appear to be its real purpose," said John Dalhuisen, Amnesty International's Europe and Central Asia program director.
"This bill is frankly a childish response to the Magnitsky Act," they said. "The Duma should be focusing its efforts on how it can strengthen Russian civil society and not weaken it."
If you use Linux you most likely have heard of the init.d directory. But what exactly does this directory do? It ultimately does one thing but it does that one thing for your entire system, so init.d is very important. The init.d directory contains a number of start/stop scripts for various services on your system. Everything from acpid to x11-common is controlled from this directory. Of course it's not exactly that simple.If you look at the /etc directory you will find directories that are in the form rc#.d (Where # is a number reflects a specific initialization level – from 0 to 6). Within each of these directories is a number of other scripts that control processes. These scripts will either begin with a “K” or an “S”. All “K” scripts are run before “S” scripts. And depending upon where the scripts are located will determine when the scripts initiate. Between the directories the system services work together like a well-oiled machine. But there are times when you need to start or stop a process cleanly and without using the kill or killall commands. That is where the /etc/init.d directory comes in handy.Now if you are using a distribution like Fedora you might find this directory in /etc/rc.d/init.d. Regardless of location, it serves the same purpose.In order to control any of the scripts in init.d manually you have to have root (or sudo) access. Each script will be run as a command and the structure of the command will look like:/etc/initi.d/command OPTIONWhere command is the actual command to run and OPTION can be one of the following:startstopreloadrestartforce-reloadMost often you will use either start, stop, or restart. So if you want to stop your network you can issue the command:/etc/init.d/networking stopOr if you make a change to your network and need to restart it, you could do so with the following command:/etc/init.d/networking restartSome of the more common init scripts in this directory are:networkingsambaapache2ftpdsshddovecotmysqlOf course there may be more often-used scripts in your directory – it depends upon what you have installed. The above list was taken from a Ubuntu Server 8.10 installation so a standard desktop installation would have a few less networking-type scripts.But what about /etc/rc.localThere is a third option that I used to use quite a bit. This option is the /etc/rc.local script. This file runs after all other init level scripts have run, so it's safe to put various commands that you want to have issued upon startup. Many times I will place mounting instructions for things like nfs in this script. This is also a good place to place “troubleshooting” scripts in. For instance, once I had a machine that, for some reason, samba seemed to not want to start. Even after checking to make sure the Samba daemon was setup to initialize at boot up. So instead of spending all of my time up front with this I simply placed the line:/etc/init.d/samba startin the /etc/rc.local script and Samba worked like a charm. Eventually I would come back and trouble shoot this issue.Final ThoughtsLinux is flexible. Linux is so flexible there is almost, inevitably, numerous ways to solve a single problem. Starting a system service is one such issue. With the help of the /etc/init.d system (as well as /etc/rc.local) you can pretty much rest assured your service will start.
Jared Bernstein is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities in Washington and a former chief economist to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.
There have been a number of recent articles and commentaries about daylong strikes by fast-food workers demanding higher wages. That has brought out the usual arguments about why we should or shouldn't increase the legal wage floor, which these days come in various flavors. There's the national minimum wage, which President Obama would like to increase to $9 an hour, there are 18 states (and the District of Columbia) with their own minimums above the federal, and there are many cities with living-wage ordinances, which typically mandate a higher wage floor to workers in a particular sector.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors.
The strikers themselves have articulated why they need higher pay. Many are single parents or second earners from low-income households working in an industry where the median wage is about $9 an hour (and they're not kids; 73 percent of low-wage restaurant workers are at least 20 years old). In speeches over the last few weeks, the president has argued for a higher minimum as a weapon against working poverty.
These ideas typically poll very well. In a Gallup poll in March, 71 percent said the minimum should go up to $9; even 54 percent of conservatives agreed. A recent study of economists, a group congenitally much less predisposed to price mandates (with the wage being the price of labor), also revealed that many were pretty much O.K. with the president's proposal. Less than half agreed that it would hurt low-skilled workers' employment prospects (none “strongly agreed” with that possibility), and among those who professed high confidence in their responses, 62 percent agreed that the benefits of such an increase outweighed its costs.
So, why not just raise the wage floor, right?
Opposition exists, of course, particularly from those whose profits take a hit when their labor costs go up. In fact, while running the other day, I listened to a radio program on which a representative from a think tank with ties to the restaurant lobby trotted out the usual arguments (isn't that what you listen to when you run?).
–If you raise workers' wages, they'll just be replaced by machines. I think of this as the “third-world wage” strategy: let's keep wages low enough so that employers won't invest in labor-saving technology. It's a destructive, low-road idea that's wholly inconsistent with the history of our economy and the people in it, as we've consistently benefited from capital deepening.
Moreover, there's no correlation in the data between periods of high productivity and a shrinking share of low-wage jobs. The fact is, we'll have people working in fast food and retail in good times and bad, in periods of high innovation and otherwise. The question is what the quality of their jobs will be.
–They don't need higher wages; we've got the E.I.T.C. The earned-income tax credit is an important pro-work wage subsidy that's actively lifting the living standards of low-wage workers from low-income families. Since its receipt is linked to income, it's very well aimed at low-income working families. And it adds, on average, about $3,000 to the earnings of low-income workers with children.
But here's the thing. It is not enough to cite the existence of the tax credit as a rationale for not increasing the minimum wage. Those of us calling for an increase in the minimum recognize that the credit is a great complement to the wage floor. But working families need more to get ahead, not just what they have now. So if minimum wage opponents want to bring up the earned-income tax credit, they have to argue for increasing it, and that's an argument I do not hear them make (they also need to oppose efforts to reduce it).
One other point here. I chose the word “complement” above for a reason, one that I think is very important. The earned-income tax credit is great, but let's be clear: it's income redistribution through the tax code. If opponents of raising the minimum wage believe that we can prevent low-wage workers from falling behind on the back of the tax credit alone, they must realize that they're talking about increasing the credit every few years. That's not going to happen, and ultimately, it would imply a large and growing subsidy from taxpayers to low-wage employers. It takes two hands to lift the burden of low pay: the minimum wage and the earned-income tax credit (actually, it takes a lot more hands than that; other work supports, like help with child care, health care, transportation and housing also matter).
–A higher wage floor will hurt its intended beneficiaries, because it forces employers to lay them off. Ah, that old saw. Even most economists don't believe that anymore. Remember way back at the beginning when I told you about all those different states and cities that have their own wage floors above the federal level? Well, that variation has provided something rare in economics: an opportunity for pseudo-experimental tests of the disemployment theory (i.e., we can compare employment outcomes in states with similar economies and different minimum wages). And while there's lots of arguing among economists about the best way to run such tests (surprise!), their results almost all hover around zero.
That's not to say every study finds no effect. Some find positive, some negative. But the reason you get that economists' result cited above about the benefits' outweighing the costs is that these studies overwhelmingly find that on net, raising the minimum wage lifts the earnings and the incomes of a vast majority of affected workers (the economist John Schmitt provides an excellent review of the literature; see their Figure 1 for the “hovering around zero” effect).
Why don't they lose their jobs? In part, because some of the cost of the higher wage comes out of profits, which, as noted, explains the “who and why” of the people fighting the hardest against this idea.
There is this, however: across all of these studies, our experience with higher minimum wages is that the increases don't reach far beyond the low end of the low-wage sector, and thus don't significantly affect employment. Typically, the “affected range” — the share of the work force affected by the increase — amounts to no more than 10 percent of the work force, which is about what you'd get if you phased in an increase in the $9-to-$10 range. To go much higher would take us beyond what we've learned from the research.
So, fear not an increase in the minimum wage. In fact, it's one of the few things we can do that would help a lot of people who are struggling to stay afloat, if not get ahead, and would not increase government spending. I challenge you to come up with a better idea that meets those two criteria.
District of Columbia Mayor Muriel Bowser signed an executive order Tuesday prohibiting D.C. officials and employees from approving official travel to Indiana in response to the state's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
The RFRA bars laws that would inhibit a person, religious institution or business from following one's religious beliefs. But critics say the law opens the door for discrimination against gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. Bowser's order said travel will be banned "until such time that the Religious Freedom Restoration Act is permanently enjoined, repealed, or clarified to forbid any construction that would deny public accommodations to persons based on their sexual or gender identity."
At a press conference in Indianapolis Tuesday, Indiana Governor Mike Pence defended the law, but said the legislature would clarify this week that the law does not allow discrimination. It is unclear whether Bowser's order was signed before or after the press conference.
But Bowser's move is part of a national backlash against the act, with states including Washington and Connecticut also barring official travel to the Hoosier State. Bowser has also received pressure from D.C. councilmembers to restrict travel to Indiana.
"Discrimination has no place in the District of Columbia, and our public employees should not be forced to travel to a place that prides itself on fueling anti-LGBTQ animosity," At-large Councilmember David Grosso said in a statement Monday. "The blatant bigotry on display by Governor Pence and the legislature leads me to believe that Indiana is not a safe place for our public employees to travel. Our government should not support any jurisdiction that displays such bigotry, and the Mayor should ban all publicly financed travel to Indiana and stand firmly with our LGBTQ public servants and residents."
The 114th: CQ Roll Call's Guide to the New Congress Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone.
One important factor in evaluating Newt Gingrich's endlessly confusing explanation of their position on Libya is that it's not just one issue that he's apparently flipped on. While their direct demand for a no-fly zone and subsequent criticism of the move has gotten the most attention, there are several areas where he's taken at least as significant a rhetorical leap. Fortunately, we've compiled a handy guide using quotes from their public statements over the last several weeks. Take a look.On enacting a no-fly zone:
“Exercise a no-fly zone this evening.” -FOX News, March 7
“I would not have intervened.” -The Today Show, March 23
On the wisdom of humanitarian intervention:
“We don't need to have the United Nations. All we have to say is that we think that slaughtering your own citizens is unacceptable and that we're intervening.”
-FOX News, March 7
“We are not in a position to go around the world every time there's a local problem and intervene. I mean, if you looked at parts of West Africa, which have had horrible slaughters, if you look at Zimbabwe, where Mugabe's one of the worst dictators in the world, if you look at Kim Jong Il… if there was an Obama principle, how many countries would it get us involved in? If you took their yardstick and you went around the world and measured pain around the world caused by governments, how many places would they get involved?” -FOX News, March 24
On the effectiveness of air power:
“We don't have to send troops. All we have to do is suppress their air force, which we could do in minutes.” -FOX News, March 7
“If they're serious about protecting civilians, you can't do that from the air. Qaddafi is going to use light infantry, he's going to use their secret police. He's going to be in the cities, he's going to be inside buildings. You're not going to be able to do that with air power. This is a fundamental mistake. And I think is a typical politician's over-reliance on air power.” -FOX News, March 24
On whether Obama should publicly become involved:
“‘There's almost a conspiracy of silence if it's an anti-American government. If you are the Iranians, if you are the Libyans, for that matter if you are the Chinese, you are able to suppress your people and the American government stays quiet. Look, I think it would be great to have the FOX correspondent at the White House ask the administration why are they so much more aggressive about countries that favor the United States than they are about countries that oppose the United States?” -FOX News, February 22
“Qaddafi's been our enemy for years. This is an opportunity to replace that dictatorship, and I think the United States ought to be firmly on the side of the Libyan people in replacing this administration.” -FOX News, February 22
“On March 3rd, President Obama said publicly that ‘it's time for Gaddafi to go.' Prior to this statement, there were options to be indirect and subtle to achieve this result without the United States military forces. I made this point on The Today Show this morning, saying ‘I would not have intervened…there were a lot of other ways to affect Gaddafi…I would not have used American and European forces.' The president, however, took those options off the table with their public statement. From the moment of the president's declaration, they put the prestige and authority of the United States on the line. After March 3, anything short of a successful, public campaign for regime change would have been seen as a defeat for the United States.”
–Facebook Post, March 23
The student-led campaigns at colleges across the country to rename buildings, schools, and monuments named for racist and other now-controversial figures have become one of the year's most notable campus trends.
There is the proposal to rename Amherst College's Lord Jeff (unofficial) mascot for Lord Jeffery Amherst's role in spreading smallpox to Native Americans, Yale's Calhoun College because politician John Calhoun was a staunch supporter of slavery, and even the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University because Wilson is now seen as a racist.
But the latest renaming controversy at Pennsylvania's Lebanon Valley College has a special ring of absurdity to it.
Students there are seeking to have Lynch Memorial Hall renamed because of the word “lynch” in its name—in this case they deem the word itself is so historically associated with vicious racism it must be changed.
The renaming bid has nothing to do with the gentleman who the building is named after, and who is guilty of no heinous cultural crime—indeed, their reputation emanates quite the opposite.
Clyde A. Lynch, the school's former president, oversaw the school through the Great Depression and World War II.
Lynch not only led Lebanon Valley College through times of war and national poverty, they were active in helping refugees settle in the U.S. following World War II, said Marty Parkes, the executive director of marketing and communications at Lebanon Valley College.
According to the school's obituary for Lynch—shared with The Daily Beast by Tom Hanrahan, director of editorial standards and brand messaging at Lebanon Valley College—Lynch served as chairperson of the Pennsylvania Commission on Displaced Persons and as the national chairperson of the Commission on the Resettlement of Displaced Persons with Professional Skills to “rende[r] exceptional service to suffering humanity.”
Renaming Lynch Memorial Hall was one of the student demands for changes to improve “inclusive excellence” at a college community meeting last Friday night, according to Parkes.
“I'd like to emphasize it was one of several issues,” Parkes told The Daily Beast. “That [renaming] has attracted the most attention, but it was one of only many discussed.”
Despite the fact that Lynch is a fairly common last name—including, as Colin Deppen at PennLive pointed out, that of the first African American female U.S. Attorney General, Loretta Lynch—some students at Lebanon Valley College want Lynch Memorial Hall to be renamed.
“I think it has to do with the historical association of it [“lynch”], the word as a verb, not as a name of a person,” Parkes said. “I think it creates feelings of discomfort in some quarters.”
Parkes said that some students said they would feel better if the building was renamed to include Lynch's full name, Clyde A. Lynch.
While recent debates about renaming statues and buildings, especially on college campuses, have tapped into larger concerns about grappling with the complexities of history and reconciling the flaws of our former leaders, there is no such intellectual merit when it comes to students' desire to rename Lynch Memorial Hall: It is merely discomfort over homonyms.
In fact, one would have thought students might have been proud of this particular building's name and lineage.
According to a report in PennLive, the Lynch renaming issue at Lebanon Valley College came up after “a week of demonstrations calling for changes,” including a “more diverse curriculum to facilities recognizing varied gender identities and disabilities.”
Parkes said the students presented a list that included around 15 demands, but they declined to share the specific list with The Daily Beast. They indicated that decision was out of respect for students' desire to keep out news outlets.
“We're not sharing that. That's being treated internally,” they said. “They [students] actually requested media not be present. They wanted it to be a campus, community discussion.”
Like the call for renaming, this apparent desire to block or restrict media coverage echoes sentiments at other campuses.
At the University of Missouri, students formed a human chain during the November protests, shouted “No media, Safe Space” and pushed and shoved reporters.
The Daily Beast reached out to some of the students who spoke at the meeting, according to a report on PennLive, including the president of the school's Black Student Union, Tamara Baldwin. While Baldwin initially agreed to speak, they did not respond to calls by press time.
“We do not operate in a vacuum,” Parkes said. “With the way news travels, they [students] are very aware of what goes on at other campuses. It encourages them to speak up and let those views be known.”
But while there may be at least intelligible arguments for renaming monuments or buildings when they're a tribute to racist, homophobic, sexist, anti-Semitic figures, renaming a building because the name sounds like a word with a historical association of perpetuating fear and racism is hard to comprehend as necessary or beneficial.
“We're very respectful of the dialogue,” Parkes said, though they also noted “listening carefully doesn't mean you necessarily agree with everything you hear.”
When asked how likely it was that Lebanon Valley College would rename Lynch Memorial Hall, Parkes said they “can't speculate.”
They did add: “I think it's fair to say Clyde Lynch was a major and positive figure in the history of this college, and their presence and contributions here will continue to be recognized.”
In their latest documentary about what America should learn from the world, Where to Invade Next?, Michael Moore heaps praise on the little-known democracy of Slovenia.
People know so little about Slovenia, they add, that much of its international mail is misdirected to nearby Slovakia. Yet this nation of only 2 million is one of about two dozen countries that provide free tertiary education. It produces highly-trained graduates fluent in both Slovenian and English (along with various other world languages).
Several Americans studying in Slovenian universities tell Moore they are attracted by the high quality tuition without the debt that shackles their counterparts in the US (and elsewhere). For me too, Slovenia was a rewarding discovery. Until I spent four days there at the tail-end of a three month backpacking trip in western Europe, I knew nothing of the country or its history.
But what a discovery!
Castle atop Ljubljana city.(JP/D Hill)
English was widely spoken. The scenery was stunning, from the tidy rural hamlets, the slopes of grand snow-topped mountains in extensive national parks, to the neatly ordered capital of Ljubljana. The food was a great combination of quality and affordability.
It was a relief for our budget. On our way to the Slovenian capital of Ljubljana we had spent a night in Geneva, where our spartan Ibis Budget hotel room had cost us nearly $A250 (US$191). In Slovenia, four nights' accommodation, in two spacious, fully appointed and equipped apartments for two people, was less than $A350.
It was easy to find suitably priced accommodation within about 10 minutes cycling distance from the central train station in the heart of Ljubljana. The city-wide bicycle hire system Bicike (LJ), with 300 bicycles at 30 docking stations, was very easy to use. It took only about 10 minutes and one euro to register online. The first hour of any rental is completely free. So we explored the city by bike.
At Friday's weekly “open kitchen” in one of the main squares, restaurants and individuals cooked up a storm of local and internationals dishes throughout the day and well into the evening. The atmosphere was warm and friendly. As one vendor explained when I noted the extensive use of English, “When we started the open kitchen about five years ago, everyone mainly spoken Slovene, but now we usually go straight to English, as the number of tourists keeps on growing”.
(Read also: Add these activities to your itinerary when sailing around Komodo)
Open kitchen street stalls.(JP/D Hill)
Garbage bins around the square were color-coded for separate refuse and a council worker was at hand to explain politely which of the half dozen bins was the appropriate one.
Nearby I discovered one of my favorite innovations in Slovenia: a fresh milk dispensing machine, which provided ice cold local milk in amounts from 100 ml to 3 liters, at one euro per liter. To reduce waste, customers were encouraged to bring their own containers, but could buy plastic liter bottles too if necessary.
I refilled my bottle several times. I had to try the range of steamed dumplings with pear, apple or meat inside, topped with a sprinkling of pork crackling to balance the fruit's sweetness. The home-made ice cream packed with chopped local berries, shaved into paper-thin curls and piled into our cups, was a real treat.
After a funicular ride up the hill to explore the town's restored castle with its museum of Slovenian history, we were ready to try the local hearty mushroom soup served inside a bowl-shaped loaf of bread.
Mushroom soup served in a bread bowl.(JP/D Hill)
Then we cycled off to see a performance at a local squat, where artists had occupied a disused ROG bicycle factory a decade ago and had converted the vast concrete tomb into a vibrant creative space. The local council that owns the building had attempted to oust the squatters recently, but was rebuffed by a public show of strength.
The evening's theatre in the factory yard was part of a city-wide arts festival over the summer months. Refugees sold food at a make-shift community kitchen to generate income. Musicians, sculptors, painters, actors, circus performers and artists of all kinds contributed to the convivial atmosphere.
Nestled near the Triglav National Park, just 90 minutes from the capital, is the gorgeous Lake Bled, overseen by its famous mountain-top castle. Growing numbers of tourists love it.
(Read also: Things to do in southern Spain: Wine tasting, explore picturesque village of Mijas)
Lake Bled.(JP/D Hill)
We chose the less populated but equally beautiful Lake Bohinj, a further half hour's bus ride, for our stay. We hired bikes to cycle the length of this, the largest lake in Slovenia, to visit the thunderous Savica waterfall, which has inspired Slovenian poets for generations. The national park is criss-crossed by walking and cycling paths. The information office staff, like everyone with whom we came in contact, were articulate and helpful.
Alpine lakes are beautiful to view from a distance, but my dip in Bohinj's misty lake was as brief as it was memorable, the chilly waters a stark contrast to the warmth of the people we met throughout the journey.
Michael Moore – and I -- might not have known much about Slovenia, but the secret is out. The international students studying there, and the tourists and backpackers now pouring in, know they are onto a good thing.
***
David Hill is a keen traveller and a frequent visitor to Indonesia. They enjoy backpacking and has undertaken several extended walks, most recently more than 650 kilometers from Lisbon (Portugal) to Santiago (Spain), taking six weeks.
---------------
Interested to write for thejakartapost.com? We are looking for information and opinions from experts in a variety of fields or others with appropriate writing skills. The content must be original on the following topics: lifestyle ( beauty, fashion, food ), entertainment, science & technology, health, parenting, social media, travel, andsports.Send your [email protected] For more information click here.
FORMER US President Ronald Reagan had reportedly asked the help of the former Soviet Union's help in warding off an alien invasion.
According to an exclusive report by UK's Sunday Express published on Sunday, Dr. David Clarke said in their new book titled “How UFOs Conquered The World: The History of a Modern Myth” that during Reagan's first meeting with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1985, they reportedly asked Gorbachev to cooperate with the US if the Earth would be attacked by aliens.
ADVERTISEMENT
“He ­surprised Gorby by saying they were sure the two superpowers would cooperate if Earth was threatened by alien invasion. Taken aback, the Soviet leader politely changed the subject,” Clarke said.
“Reagan's comments to Gorbachev at the 1985 summit imply they might have believed the real threat came not from behind the Iron Curtain but from hostile extra-terrestrials,” they added.
Clarke's book painted a picture of Reagan as an avid believer of the existence of aliens, claiming that the former president arranged a private screening of Stephen Spielberg's “Close Encounters Of The Third Kind” at the White House in 1982 for their guests, including judges and astronauts.
During the end of the movie, Reagan allegedly told the audience: “There are a number of people in this room who know that everything on that screen is true.”
“Ronald Reagan was a born-again Christian and saw no contradiction between their faith and a belief in aliens,” Clarke said.
Reagan, a former Hollywood actor turned governor, served as the US president from 1981 to 1989. They died in 2004.
The book's introduction said that it tries to “explore the origins of UFOs in the build-up to the First World War and how reports of them have changed in tandem with world events, science and culture.” AJH/AC
RELATED STORY
UFO or just covert military operations?
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
The Canucks captain-in-waiting shows wisdom beyond their years, on the ice and at home
Bo Horvat gets it on every conceivable level.
Their improving on-ice presence and dedication to charitable causes in the Lower Mainland have made the small-town product a poster boy for everything that's right about the big-city Vancouver Canucks.
Horvat is also wise enough to understand that when you purchase a downtown home, it's best to defer to your girlfriend for decor guidance. You might win faceoffs, but you're not going to win that battle.
And because their residence isn't big enough for a Man Cave, they had just two items on their wish list that they whittled down to one. It's certainly a reasonable request for any sports fanatic — and especially a third-year NHL centre who can walk from their new place to Rogers Arena to train, practise and play.
“I want the television mounted over the fireplace and that's about it — and hopefully I get that,” the 21-year-old Horvat said from their native Rodney, a farming community in southern Ontario with a population of 1,091.
It's a good bet Horvat will get their wish. Their on- and off-ice demeanour is one of respect and, coupled with an insatiable desire to improve every aspect of their game, it's been noticed most by those who matter — their teammates, coaches and even linesmen.
As a defensive-zone faceoff specialist who had a 50.9 success rate in the circle last season — a team-high for those who played a full season, with the potential for improvement under the guidance of new assistant coach Doug Jarvis — gaining the respect of veteran officials is also of paramount importance and takes patience and professionalism.
Communication is a two-way street, and if the Canucks are going to climb out of the hole of being the league's worst faceoff team last season at just 45.4 per cent, not getting on the wrong side of officials doesn't hurt.
It's up to Horvat to win the draws, but maybe they get cut some slack if they don't quite line up properly or their hands are moving because of their courteous manner.
“I'm getting respect, and I know the majority of them say hi and you try to stay on their nice side so they give you a little bit on an advantage,” said Horvat, laughing.
“That relationship is pretty important; linesmen are more worried about where you put your stick at the beginning, and your feet are the most important thing. They get pretty frustrated when you try to cheat and try to get that leverage over guys.”
Bo Horvat endured a 27-game goalless drought last season, but handled the adversity.
Q: You initially struggled to supplant the injured Brandon Sutter as the second-line centre. You had a 27-game goalless streak, rallied for 30 points in your final 40 games for a 40-point season, yet your plus-minus was second-worst in the NHL at minus-30. What do you take from last season?
A: The plan was to ease me in to being a second-line guy and Sutter gets hurt twice. I'm put out for defensive-zone faceoffs and going against all the top guys. For the majority of the time, I had rookies on my line and it definitely wasn't easy, but I'm better for it. I learned a ton and got more comfortable and the weight was off my shoulders in the second half. I just went out and played. And that's when I played my best.
Q: Brandon Sutter will probably be pencilled in as the second-line centre because he's a veteran presence. What are your expectations for next season?
A: I want to be the guy the team knows will play well and a guy that everybody relies on. Whether that's playing well defensively and shutting down a big line or contributing offensively, I obviously want to be a No. 1 centre some day, but Hank (Henrik Sedin) and Sutter are doing a great job. I'm just going to keep pushing the pace and push them as well.
Q: You have done a lot of Olympic weightlifting and power skating to improve leg strength and give you better edges for east-west movements and those end-to-end dashes. What's your focus this summer?
A: I've been on the ice since the middle of June and I don't like to stay off it long. I want to keep improving my speed and quickness and working on my shot is going to be huge, too.
Q: Can sophomore winger Jake Virtanen win the challenge to be ready physically and mentally to make the team, and avoid starting the season in Utica?
A: Jake is going to be a big part of this team for years. It was a stepping stone for them and I was out there (Vancouver) for a week and saw them training and they looked good to me. They don't have the mindset that he's on the team. They have to work for it. It's the consistency part of the game and you can't take a night off like in junior. You can take some off knowing it's a for-sure win and an easier night. There are no easy nights in the NHL. On any night, any team can surprise you.
Q: Can the Canucks be structurally better without the puck after allowing the eighth-most goals last season?
A: That's going to be a huge part of our game. Defence is a huge part of it, and it's the biggest thing we have to work on — limit scoring chances. A lot of it has to do with getting everybody to know their jobs, and that first pass will make the game a lot easier. But my wingers and me need to get back and support the D, and we need to move up the ice as a unit.
Q: Can Willie Desjardins be better at making in-game adjustments, and what would that mean to their players?
A: Willie has been unbelievable for me — especially in my first year with developing and getting me ready for the NHL. He's so easy to talk to and approach and they always want to know what the guys are thinking. Last year wasn't easy on him, and they got all the blame when we weren't playing well. They had lots of young guys with all the injuries and he's never had a year like that. He's ready to go and very determined to win. He's never negative and always positive. That shows their character and that gives you confidence.
Q: Charitable work in the community has been a long-standing Canucks requirement and you seem to embrace it. Why?
A: I got brought up with it in London (OHL). They (Knights) did lots of charities and hospital visits and minor hockey stuff and that just made me more comfortable with it. Being from a small town is a huge part of it — the humbleness — and my parents raised me the right way. That has a lot to do with it.
bkuzma@postmedia.com
twitter.com/benkuzma
If you are travelling around Japan you will see many merchandising about Yokai Watch. Maybe you still don't know what we are taking about with just only the name, but we are sure you have seen the orange cat key rings, posters, food and other staff all around. THAT is Yokai Watch.
It will soon arrive to Europe and America.
We help you to be ready.
How the story begins…
Keita is an 11-year-old normal boy. They live with their parents at Sakura New Town and goes to school with their friends –and the girl they like, of course. One day, hunting bugs, they found an abandoned vending machine and a Yokai appeared: Whisper.
The watch
Whisper gives Keita a Yokai Watch, the ultimate and unique device to see Yokais around the world. Now, they have to identify and summon or befriend the different Yokai that make unhappy or chase the people of Sakura New Town.
Ok, but… what is a Yokai?
Oh yes, we almost forget to tell you that. Yokais are traditional Japanese ghosts and creatures that haunt people. Some of them are evil, some of them just naughty. You will discover thousands of them!
The famous orange cat
The name: Jibanyan.  They are the ghost of a dead cat that died in a car accident while crossing an intersection. Now they always try to revenge their death trying to make people being hit by a car. With extremely funny and poor results. One of the most famous and emblematic characters of the anime series.
And why all this success?
Why don't you discover it by yourself? We don't want to break the magic of the first encounter with this amazing world!
Nobody knows which will be the impact when it goes to Europe and America. Will it like to western kids? Will the adults pay attention to it, too? Will the Yokai Watch the next Christmas present?
At least, with this five keys, you will be able to know where to start…
…nobody can know how it will end.
The GMK QMX clips are a new product that essentially silence the “Clack” you get when bottoming out on a keyboard. There are already quite a few products on the market that accomplish muting this sound with some degree of success, most notably Elite Keyboards Landing Pads and 0-rings, though both drastically change the feel of the keyboard as well when implemented. The QMX-Clips had a much less drastic change in terms of feel, yet muted the sound just as well.
You can see right off the bat that the GMK switch is easily the most engineered product of the lot, but is it really that much better? Based on feel alone, I think so.
Now, before going any further there is one glaring limitation of the GMK QMX-Clips. They are only compatible with PCB mounted keyboards, not plate mounted keyboards. Unfortunately 90% of the keyboards on the market are plate mounted, so these clips won't even be an option for most people. I am assuming the upcoming UNIQEY keyboard by GMK will be PCB mounted, and that these switches are custom tailed for that keyboard.
The QMX-Clips come in a nice box and include a tool that doubles as a keypuller as well as a tool that helps you install the clips.
The clips are quite easy to install by hand, but the tool helps ensure that you don't put extra pressure on one side of the clip and accidentally break it during installation.
The design of the clips is very simple. The plastic clip snaps onto the bottom of the switch, and the top includes a thin rubber layer that dampens the keycap strokes. The design work extremely well. I went as far as testing it with keycaps from GMK, BSP, and all the popular Signature Plastics (SA, DSA, DCS) profiles with no issues. The huge benefit of the clips is that they are quite thin, making the length of the keystroke feel as close to stock as possible. The hard rubber also helps then not feel “mushy,” unlike both of the other alternatives. From a side by side comparison, you can really tell how much thinner and less obstructive the QMX Clip (red) are than o-rings (yellow) and landing pads (brown)…
Now, as far as how they worked/sounded I was very impressed. I am normally not a fan of linears, but I really enjoyed MX Blacks with the QMX-Clips on them, with MX Reds pulling a close second. Based on a combination of performance and feel alone, the QMX-Clips smoke the competition. I do admit that “feel” is an extremely subjective topic, but they had much less of the “mushy” feeling that often gets associated with o-rings and landing pads, and felt quite a bit more refined to me. The downside, again, is that they aren't really going to be compatible with many keyboards on the market. Here is an example of me “trying” to put them on my plate mounted KUL…
Sadly I just can't see any good way to modify them to work with plate mounted keyboards. I will bring this up to GMK though with hopes a plate mounted option could come in the future, as these really are a great little product.
Around forty women have been taken hostage after Boko Haram militants carried out a gruesome cross-border raid on a village in Niger. Security forces have launched an operation to find the captives.
Jihadist Boko Haram fighters attacked the Ngalewa village Sunday evening, local authorities said. Riding camels, the terrorists slit the throats of the villagers and took dozens of women hostage.
Read more
”Boko Haram elements... slit the throats of nine people... they took women, 37 women, and departed with them,” the governor of Diffa region, Laouali Mahamane Dan Dano, told state TV Tuesday.
“The defense and security forces are already in pursuit, and we hope that in the coming days these women will be found and freed,” the governor added.
The governor said the village most likely became the target of the attack because of its resistance to jihadist rule.
The mayor of the district, Abba Gata Issa, confirmed the nine dead, adding, that dozens of women and children had been kidnapped from the village which lies just 50 km across the Nigerian border, TV 360 Nigeria reported.
The Nigeria-based Boko Haram is considered to be one of the deadliest terrorist groups in the world, on par with Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL). The terrorist formation has killed tens of thousands of people while displacing over two million since its insurgency campaign began in 2009.
READ MORE: Boko Haram kills more people than ISIS as total hits historic high
In a 2014 raid on a secondary school in the Nigerian town of Chibok, the notorious terror group kidnapped 276 schoolgirls, most of whom are still missing.
Kanye West's The Life of Pablo is the first album to go platinum from streaming only
Kanye West's last album has just made streaming history.
The Life of Pablo, released a little over a year ago, just went Platinum with over 1.5 billion song streams in the U.S.
While popular albums frequently go platinum, this is a big deal because Kanye's album reached this milestone relying on streams alone – no paid downloads.
Let me explain:
An album typically goes platinum after selling 1 million copies. But last year the RIAA announced guidelines that would let streaming number contribute to an album's certified status. They decided that 150 streams of a song would equal one song download, and 10 song downloads would equal one album download. That means an artist's songs would have to be streamed 1,500 times for it to be counted as an album sale.
So if 1,500 streams equals one album sale, and you multiply that by the 1 million album sales needed to go platinum, you get a minimum requirement of 1.5 billion steams needing to get an album certified platinum.
Normally an album would go platinum via a combination of streamed songs and paid downloads – so the album wouldn't actually have to be streamed 1.5 billion times before reaching the milestone. But Kanye never made The Life of Pablo available for sale on platforms like iTunes, instead limiting it originally to Tidal before expanding to other streaming-only platforms like Spotify and Apple Music.
While Kanye did make the album available for purchase and download on their own site, that accounted for less than one percent of first week units, and the album met platinum conditions without considering those sales.
After two days of negotiations with Colorado State's Jim McElwain, Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley took a charter plane Wednesday back to Gainesville without the Gators' top coaching candidate, sources told ESPN.
Foley and at least four other UF administrators -- Lynda Tealer, Steve McClain, Chip Howard and Mike Hill -- flew from Gainesville to Fort Collins, Colorado, on Tuesday afternoon. They met with McElwain and their wife on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Upon arriving in Gainesville on Wednesday night, Foley told reporters that talks went well with McElwain, but there was no new information from an earlier comment.
We've had very productive conversations with Coach McElwain and their wife Karen and those continue. — GatorZone Football (@GatorZoneFB) December 3, 2014
A source told ESPN that a sticking point in the negotiations could be McElwain's $7.5 million buyout to leave Colorado State.
"I'm just trying to do a job," Foley told the Coloradoan when asked if they would offer McElwain the Florida job.
Jim McElwain led Colorado State to a 10-2 mark this season and is 22-16 in three years with the Rams. Isaiah J. Downing/USA TODAY Sports
Nebraska also has shown serious interest in McElwain, and there are indications that Michigan would pursue him, sources said.
McElwain is 22-16 in three seasons at Colorado State, including 10-2 this year. The Rams were one of two Groups of 5 teams with victories this season over two Power 5 conference teams, defeating Colorado and Boston College.
Named the Mountain West Conference's coach of the year Tuesday, McElwain has turned the Rams into an offensive powerhouse. Colorado State averages 498 yards per game (13th best in the nation) while boasting the nation's second-most efficient quarterback in Garrett Grayson and the top receiver by yards per game (149.1) and touchdowns (17) in Rashard Higgins.
Before taking over Colorado State, McElwain, a Montana native, was Alabama's offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach from 2008 to 2011.
The Gators are looking for a replacement for Will Muschamp, who was fired last month. The Gators are 6-5 this season, and a program that grew accustomed to putting points on the board ranked 90th this season in total offense, which is Florida's best mark during Muschamp's tenure.
Editor's Picks Rovell: What's the cost of a coach's win? The season of high-end buyouts has kicked into gear. Darren Rovell examines how much each coach earned per victory.
Responding Wednesday to speculation on their potential candidacy, Philadelphia Eagles coach Chip Kelly -- who coached Oregon prior to leaving for the NFL -- said they have not heard from Florida.
"I laugh," Kelly said. "I think it's silly. It's a rumor. It's not the truth. I think things that are false are silly."
Kelly left Oregon in January 2013 and, after their departure, was placed under a show-cause order for 18 months after the Ducks were sanctioned by the NCAA for an affiliation with a scouting service.
That order, which would require a university to appear before the infractions committee before it could hire Kelly, expires this month.
"Our whole mantra around here is to be where your feet are," Kelly said. "My feet are right here. I can't control what other people think or other people write. I've never been concerned with it, never will be concerned with it.
"... I've been very happy everywhere I've been, and I'm happy being here now. People are going to have rumors about where you're going to go and all those other things, but no one's ever asked me."
ESPN.com's Chris Low and Phil Sheridan contributed to this report.
For months we've gotten little tidbits on the latest season of American Horror Story, like the character names and guest stars. Now, in EW's Fall TV Preview, readers get to see behind the curtain of Freak Show.
This latest installment of AHS is about a titular group of misfit performers, led by former German cabaret star Elsa Mars (Emmy winner Jessica Lange), who arrive in the small town of Jupiter, Florida.”My character is very manipulative,” says Lange. “She understands what's needed and they provide it. However the thing I want to be very clear that Elsa really loves these people. They truly care for them in their own selfish narcissistic way. It's not just exploitation.”
With their show's popularity waning, Elsa hopes to pump up attendance by finding and recruiting conjoined twins Bette and Dot (Sarah Paulson), two very different personalities sharing one body. “It's not as simple as nice and evil,” Paulson says. “It's more complicated, in true Ryan Murphy style.”
Elsa's troupe includes Jimmy (Evan Peters), who was born with lobster-like hands, and their mother, bearded lady Ethel (Kathy Bates). “Ethel is basically Elsa's right hand woman,” says co-creator Ryan Murphy. “She helps run the camp, and she's sort of the guardian of the law. They had a real tragedy in that they were a real circus star in the ‘20s and 30s and then they had their baby and they became a down-and-out drunk, and Elsa saved her.”
Adding more drama to the tents is the arrival of Ethel's ex-husband (and Jimmy's father) Dell Toledo, a strongman who's on the run from the law. “Jimmy is the big man on campus and is the male leader of the group until Dell comes and they begin to battle for power under Elsa,” says Murphy. Then there's Dell's new wife, Desiree Dupree, a three-breasted performer played by Angela Bassett. The role requires Bassett to wear a prosthetic that covers their entire chest. “Angela likes to flash them,” jokes Paulson. “She's like, ‘Look at my 3 boobs!'”
Even freakier than a tri-boob? This season's main villain, a nasty fella (and murderer) named Twisty the Clown (John Carroll Lynch). The evil Bozo has retired in Jupiter and is not thrilled by the arrival of the freak show. “He's out to make their lives a living hell,” explains Murphy. “He's wearing a mask on the lower part of their face and there comes a point in the season where takes the mask off and when you see what's under you will faint in terror.”
Other Coven alums back for more (despite the scary clown) include Emma Roberts and Denis O'Hare as a pair of con artists, Frances Conroy as a wealthy woman whose son (Finn Whitrock) wants to join the freak show, and Gabourey Sidibe as a socialite who returns home to Jupiter when their mother (Patti LaBelle, who Murphy called personally to appear on the show) goes MIA.
There will, of course, be the hallmarks fans have come to expect from AHS, including time jumps (look for flashbacks to Elsa's cabaret days in the 1930s Germany as well as a peek at young Ethel) and a two-part Halloween episode featuring Wes Bentley (The Hunger Games) as a character named Edward Mordrake. “He is a very famous horror myth,” explains Murphy. “It was a man with two faces. A normal face and then a face on the back of their head that would whisper evil things and force the forward-facing entity to commit horrible crimes.”
Timothy White
For more on American Horror Story: Freak Show as well as 124 other fall TV series, pick up the latest issue of Entertainment Weekly, on stands Friday.
Two unnamed FBI agents have claimed that Director James Comey prevented them from properly investigating former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton over their improper use of a private email server to transmit classified intelligence.
“All the trained investigators agree that there is a lot to prosecuted but they stood in the way,” the first agent told an intermediary, who then forwarded a transcript of their statement to The Daily Caller.
“We didn't search their house,” the other agent noted. “There should have been a complete search of their residence. That the FBI did not seize devices is unbelievable. The FBI even seizes devices that have been set on fire.”
Apparently, Comey blocked them from searching the home, and as a result, the FBI failed to procure enough evidence to convene a grand jury. According to the agent, the investigation should not have ended like this.
“This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have been convened, but was not,” the agent maintained. “That is appalling. We talk about it in the office and don't know how Comey can keep going.”
Because Obama's weaselly FBI director has no integrity or shame, it seems.
According to the first agent, investigators also felt peeved over Comey's use of the word “we” when testifying to Congress that the agency lacked enough evidence to prosecute.
“Comey was never an investigator or special agent,” the first agent argued. “The special agents are trained investigators and they are insulted that Comey included them in ‘collective we' statements in their testimony to imply that the SAs agreed that there was nothing there to prosecute.”
FBI Director James Comey can snivel and moan all they want about being called a weasel, but what type of law enforcement official would impede an investigation into the corrupt behavior of a top political figure?
Like Us On Facebook – USA Liberty News
Please share this story on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about these claims by FBI agents that James Comey impeded their investigation into Hillary Clinton.
What do you think about Comey blocking their agents from properly investigating Hillary Clinton? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
A "site blocking injunction" sought by Sky has been likened to North Korea by one internet provider.
Spark says it intends to fight Sky TV obtaining an injunction that would force the country's four largest internet providers to block access to websites that Sky accuses of piracy.
However, rival Vodafone has not responded to questions on whether it would also oppose Sky's injunction, with spokesperson Elissa Downey saying only that it would "of course comply with any court order".
Sky and Vodafone have a close business partnership despite the Commerce Commission blocking a bid by the companies to merge earlier this year.
ROBERT KITCHIN/STUFF Spark says it sympathises with Sky's plight fighting piracy, but site-blocking is not the way to go.
Sky has drafted an injunction application that would force Spark, Vodafone, 2degrees and Vocus to block their customers from accessing a list of websites that it accuses of piracy.
READ MORE
* Internet provider says Sky TV is attempting to censor the internet
* Sky Television claims win in piracy fight securing interim injunction
* Sky TV likely faces 'significant and costly' High Court battle
* Why should you care about net neutrality?
It has indicated overseas websites Pirate Bay and Putlocker will be on the list, which it intends to finalise later.
Sky spokesperson Kirsty Way has said Sky would file the injunction application with Auckland High Court "shortly".
It can be read here:
Spark spokesperson Andrew Pirie said the company understood the desire for copyright protection and sympathised with the challenges Sky faced in that regard.
They noted Spark also spent of tens millions of dollars on programming rights for its Lightbox internet television service.
But Pirie said Spark intended to oppose the application, in the form in which it was currently drafted, as it did not think "internet providers should have to police the internet on behalf of third parties which have commercial interests".
2degrees spokesperson Mat Bolland said it would consider its options with regard to the injunction bid.
They said it was concerned about the possibility that the injunction could result in its customers losing access to legitimate content.
They also queried why the draft injunction targeted only the four largest internet providers, when there were about 90 in the market.
"If there is a solution, surely it has to apply to everybody," they said.
Pirie also raised that concern, saying if the application was successful, it could put the country's four largest providers at a competitive disadvantage by creating an uneven playing field.
It is understood research from IDC indicates the share of the broadband market accounted for by Spark, Vodafone, 2degrees and Vocus has slipped to 81 per cent, as consumers shop among a wider pool of providers for ultrafast broadband.
The country fourth-largest telecommunications company, Vocus, had already declared its hand on Wednesday by sending a draft copy of Sky's injunction to the media and likening Sky's actions to "North Korea".
* Comments on this article have been closed.
One of the biggest cybersecurity stories of 2016 was the surge in online attacks caused by poorly-secured “Internet of Things” (IoT) devices such as Internet routers, security cameras, digital video recorders (DVRs) and smart appliances. Many readers here have commented with ideas about how to counter vulnerabilities caused by out-of-date software in IoT devices, so why not pitch your idea for money? Who knows, you could win up to $25,000 in a new contest put on by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
The FTC's IoT Home Inspector Challenge is seeking ideas for a tool of some sort that would address the burgeoning IoT mess. The agency says it's offering a cash prize of up to $25,000 for the best technical solution, with up to $3,000 available for as many as three honorable mention winner(s).
The FTC said an ideal tool “might be a physical device that the consumer can add to their or their home network that would check and install updates for other IoT devices on that home network, or it might be an app or cloud-based service, or a dashboard or other user interface. Contestants also have the option of adding features such as those that would address hard-coded, factory default or easy-to-guess passwords.”
According to the contest's home page, submissions will be accepted as early as March 1, 2017 and are due May 22, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. EDT. Winners will be announced on or about July 27, 2017.
I'm glad to see the FTC engaging the public on this important issue. Gartner Inc. forecasts that 6.4 billion connected things will be in use worldwide in 2016, up 30 percent from 2015, and will reach 20.8 billion by 2020. In 2016, 5.5 million new things will get connected each day, Gartner estimates. If only a fraction of these new IoT devices are shipped with sloppy security defaults — such as hard-coded accounts and passwords — the IoT problem is going to get a lot worse in the coming years.
Tags: Federal Trade Commission, FTC, Gartner Inc., internet of things, IoT, IoT Home Inspector Challenge, LG
Lights Off
Torchlight II final reveals happening at PAX
We were given some amazing news regarding Torchlight II. Runic Games is at PAX in Seattle, and today (at this very moment) the website Torchlight2game.com is revealing both the price point for the game and the fourth character class. The only thing left for reveal is the actual date of release. Though, it is stated in several places that Torchlight II will release on PC in 2011.
Price Point: $19.99 for Torchlight II
In a surprising but welcome move, Torchlight II will be sold at the same price as Torchlight was when it launched. With the amount of time, effort, and changes made to Torchlight II – it's anything but amazing at the price they are going to be selling it for:
“It's always been our goal to provide exceptional value for the price,” says Max Schaefer, CEO of Runic Games. “Everyone who wants to play Torchlight II will be able to comfortably afford to do so, and they'll be able to play with their friend online or via a LAN, or play single player offline, all with no further purchases.”
The Embermage
This is the fourth and final character class, redone for Torchlight II from the basic three classes we controlled in Torchlight. The previously revealed classes are: The Outlander, The Engineer, and most recently The Berserker. Click the show button to read the full backstory of the Embermage: [peekaboo]
[peekaboo_content]
Torchlight II Playable Class: The Embermage
Ember is dangerous to the untrained hand—and deadly in mine.
At the forefront of the Empire's colonization of Vilderan are the Embermages—highly-trained spellcasters renowned for their skill, dedication, and arcane power. No Imperial army is complete without these fierce warrior-wizards in the vanguard.
It is widely accepted in the Empire that Embermages are a special breed, held in awe and respect for the rigorous training they undergo, and the prowess they display. Selected in early adolescence by the Ember Council, Embermages undergo extensive arcane conditioning and mystical studies, accompanied by hours of physical drills and combat exercises each and every day. They learn to work in tandem with Vanquishers, and crush the Empire's foes with both subtle grace and overwhelming might, as the situation demands. By the time Embermages are assigned to active duty, they are accomplished wizards, formidable soldiers, and insightful strategists.
As the name suggests, Embermages study the magical mineral known as Ember, through which process they gain a better understanding of thaumaturgic principles. But, unlike the Empire's legion of Alchemists, Embermages do not actually draw energy from Ember itself; instead, they observe its properties, and, through meditation and experimentation, learn to recreate the effects of Ember in a wide range of magical applications. In addition to unleashing blasts of high-energy fire, ice, and electricity, an Embermage develops the means to magically interfere with the laws of time and space, moving themselves—or their enemies—across short distances in the blink of an eye.
This facility with applied magic defines the Embermage's combat role: an offensive spellcaster capable of delivering focused, precise attacks at a considerable distance, or of shifting foes violently away with short-range teleportation—usually with physically wrenching results for the targets! In battle, the Embermage wields each aspect of the Ember like a duelist wielding a blade—switching from fire to ice to lightning and back again in the span of a few heartbeats—all while disappearing from their foe's sight and reappearing in another, more advantageous position!
The Embermages' combination of physical and magical discipline makes them superb ranged combatants: powerful, mobile, and versatile – and, most importantly, ingenious!
[/peekaboo_content]
Senate Democrats are rallying behind Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE after their marathon appearance before the House Select Committee on Benghazi, suggesting Republicans have only helped bolster the former secretary of State's presidential bid.
ADVERTISEMENT
The California Democrat — who led the Senate Intelligence Committee's investigation into the 2012 terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya —added that "those [committee] rooms get hot. The lights get bright. I think they showed drive and a staying power and a motivation. ... I could see them across the table from [Russian President Vladimir] Putin."
Clinton has won wide praise from the media and Democrats for their hours-long testimony, capping off a positive few weeks for a campaign that was embattled for months by questions over Clinton's private email server.
The Benghazi Committee has been under intensifying scrutiny since House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) linked its work with Clinton's flagging poll numbers. Their remarks late last month drew quick pushback from Democrats, as well as some Republicans.
"This has just been a partisan attempt to undermine Hillary Clinton. It hasn't succeeded," they added.
Republican leadership, however, has given no indication that it's willing to shutter the committee and instead defended its work in investigating the 2012 attacks, which killed four Americans including Ambassador Christopher Stevens.
House Democrats said separately on Friday that they will stick with the committee for now despite pressure to boycott. Schumer avoided weighing in on whether they should stop participating.
"I'll leave it up to them. They know best," they told reporters, adding that "this committee should be shut down by the Republican leadership."
Local media just confirmed the death of two law enforcement agents, one from the National Police, 25, and another from Táchira State Police, 20, after they were run over by a public transport unit allegedly hijacked by Instituto Universitario de Tecnología Agroindustrial Región Los Andes (IUT) student, William Parada, now in custody.
According to reports, student protests broke out this morning around the IUT, in La Concordia neighborhood of San Cristobal, due to the government mandated hike in public transport fare enacted this week, prompting local police to barricade access to the main streets adjacent to the University, which includes the San Cristobal Bus Terminal, in order to contain the protests.
Reports of what followed are still murky, but sources claim that a group of students in ski mask stole an Expresos Barinas bus and drove it kamikaze style into the police barricade, leaving two dead officers and four more with “considerable injuries.”
So far, the PoliTáchira Twitter account has a tally of 53 people in custody, following this morning's events. National Guard troops have been deployed, classes have been suspended in IUT as well as UNET and UCAT, and the Táchira State transport worker's union has announced it will suspend all operations until further notice.
Not surprisingly, the blame game has already begun, with pro-government outlets blaming Uribe-bankrolled Colombian paramilitaries for the violence, and Táchira Governor vilifying students for what is, objectively, a condemnable tragedy resulting in the loss of two young lives.
To speak of accountability in this context is both heartbreaking and brutal. Random acts of violence are totally unacceptable, regardless of motive, and today's assailants must face up to their crimes. Two families have lost loved ones. Ultimately, though, it's a Government that has allowed social unrest to reach this boiling point through deliberate inaction that should be criminally liable as well.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
72 percent of American adults have children.
60 percent of American children say they're more afraid of global warming than of terrorism, car crashes, or cancer.
Between 2000 and 2050, the US will add 114 million kids to its population. Africa will add 1.2 billion—but their respective CO 2 emissions will be the same.
One American child generates as much CO 2 as 106 Haitian kids.
Zahara Jolie-Pitt will produce 45,000 pounds of CO 2 yearly, compared with 221 pounds if they still lived in Ethiopia.
A typical baby goes through 3,800 disposable diapers in their first 2.5 years.
96 percent of American babies wear disposable diapers. In China, only 6 percent do. In India, 2 percent.
China claims its one-child policy has prevented 400 million births—saving 1.5 billion tons of CO 2 in 2004 alone.
For $20, British parents can have seven trees planted to offset the 1,430 pounds of greenhouse gases generated by their child's first 2.5 years of nappies.
Civil conflict is twice as likely to occur in countries where young adults make up more than 40 percent of the population.
In 2007, a Hungarian couple had 300 trees planted to offset their newborn's lifetime carbon footprint.
Appetite for Destruction
Over his/her lifetime, each American born in the 1990s will produce an average of: 3.1 million pounds of CO 2 (same as 413 plane trips from New York to Tokyo) 22,828,508 pounds of water waste (the equivalent of 48,060 10-minute showers) 16,372 pounds of yard waste (enough to fill 442 large garbage cans) 7,249 pounds of food waste (as much as 16 households produce in a year) S/he will eat 1,654 chickens, 74 turkeys, 25 pigs, 11 cows, two sheep, and 18,675 eggs. And s/he will use 1,870 barrels of petroleum (enough to fuel a Subaru Outback for 822,800 miles).
Twin births in the US have risen 70 percent since 1980. In 2004, 3.2 percent of newborns were twins.
Uganda (50 percent children) has been at war for most of the last 30 years. Monaco (13 percent) has not been at war since 1815.
Citizens of the Russian city of Ulyanovsk get September 12 off to “conceive a patriot.”
Due to its low birthrate, Singapore runs a dating program called LoveByte that promotes “the importance of marriage and family, and the need to start early.”
Members of the “Quiverfull” movement believe that very large families populate “God's army.”
In 2005, Pope Benedict XVI called for tax incentives for large families. Last fall, they vowed to “recreate a strong alliance between man and Earth.”
In March, a Vatican bishop announced seven new mortal sins, including causing pollution and being obscenely wealthy. According to news reports, the bishop said the new evils were linked to “the unstoppable process of globalization.”
In 1900, 1 percent of Catholics lived in Africa. By 2050, 26 percent will.
In 1950, the typical American woman had 3.1 children over their lifetime. In 2005, they had 2.1.
In 1950, the typical new American house was 983 sq. feet. In 2005, it was 2,434 sq. feet.
In 1969, 5 percent of households had 3 or more vehicles. In 2001, 23 percent did.
Only 45 percent of SUV owners in the US have two kids or more.
US school buses—95 percent of which run on diesel—release 3,700 tons of soot and 11 million tons of greenhouse gases a year. School bus exhaust is linked to higher rates of asthma and lung cancer.
Letting a school bus idle for 10 minutes creates three times more particulate emissions than turning the motor off.
It would take up to 223 trees to offset the CO 2 produced by a child watching three hours of TV every day for 18 years.
19 percent of US children under the age of 1 have TVs in their rooms.
The Ballooning TV Family
1957: Leave It to Beaver (two kids) 1969: The Brady Bunch (six kids) 1972: The Waltons (seven kids) 1977: Eight Is Enough (eight kids) 1988: Just the Ten of Us (eight kids) 1996: 7th Heaven (seven kids) 2007: The Duggars (17 kids)
Asked how many times they'd begged their parents for a product they'd seen advertised, 11 percent of tweens answered “more than 50.”
American children make up 4 percent of the world's population, but they consume more than 40 percent of the world's toys.
In 2006, volunteers picked up 68,720 pounds of toys and 33,469 pounds of diapers during worldwide beach cleanups.
In order to do as much laundry as Walt Disney World does in a single day, you'd have to do a load a day for 44 years.
By the time they are 18, an American child in a middle-income family will have eaten their way through $33,330 of food.
The average student trashes up to 90 pounds of lunch-box leftovers and packaging each year.
In 2007, Julia Roberts told Vanity Fair that the “highest high” would be “growing our food that I then make, and then composting and growing more.”
In 2004, they paid Hollywood's Cedars-Sinai Hospital $1,700 a night for a deluxe maternity suite with valets, a chef, security staff, and salon service.
The Voluntary Human Extinction Movement ( VHEMT —pronounced “vehement”) advocates nonprocreation instead of suicide because “there's no way we could convince enough people to kill themselves.
Celebrity Babies, for Fun and Profit pics of whose baby? amount paid/publication comments Nicole Richie $1 million/People Enough to sponsor 2,976 Save the Children kids for a year Jamie-Lynn Spears $1 million/OK! Enough to buy 2 million condoms Christina Aguilera $2 million/People Enough to buy laptops for 10,000 students in the developing world J-Lo/Marc Anthony $6 million/People $3 million for each twin; enough to send 1,697 kids to day care Brad Pitt/Angelina Jolie $7.6 million/People, Hello! Gave some of it to charity, but won't say how much Tom Cruise/Katie Holmes $0/Vanity Fair Fawning profile and Annie Leibovitz shoot? Priceless.
Sources
Reading have announced that they have completed the signing of young midfielder George Evans from Manchester City on a three and a half year contract.
The 21-year-old came through the academy at City, and made their first-team debut when they came off the bench in the closing stages of a 4-1 Capital One Cup win at Sunderland in September.
They then spent time with Walsall on loan and made 16 appearances for the League One promotion-chasers, bagging four goals during a successful stint.
And Evans, who has also spent time on loan with Scunthorpe and Crewe, will now look to establish themselves as a Championship regular with the Royals.
They told the Reading website: "I am absolutely delighted, it is a massive club.
"I am really excited about the opportunity and look forward to getting going.
"I had time on loan at Walsall which was a fantastic experienced for me and I then had a few opportunities for a permanent move and, as soon as I heard Reading were interested, it was an option I really wanted to take.
"It is a massive club. Great manager, great stadium."
Royals manager Brian McDermott said: "I am delighted we have secured the signing of George.
"I saw them play for Walsall while I was scouting for Arsenal and we've followed them ever since.
"He is a great guy and a terrific young midfielder with great pedigree, and I'm sure they will become an even better player working in our environment at Reading."
Chief executive Nigel Howe added: "I'm delighted George has decided to join Reading.
"He is a very promising young footballer who, with an excellent footballing education behind them and first team experience already under their belt, perfectly fits this football club."
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFKiJDxBp4c]
After forcibly, and secretly, converting President Obama's deceased mother to Mormonism last year during the presidential campaign – as revealed first by AMERICAblog – evidence now suggests that the Mormons may have converted Obama's known African ancestors as well.
The White House claims the topic didn't come up on Monday when the president met with Mormon President-Prophet Thomas Monson at the White House. Really? The president finds out a few months ago that the Mormons tried to steal their dead mother's soul, and no one mentioned it? I find it hard to believe that the president-prophet wasn't stumbling all over themselves to apologize to the president. And if they aren't, why wasn't he? Are the Mormons really so arrogant that they'd secretly defile the memory, and soul, of the deceased mother of the president of the United States and then not apologize when their leader finally meets our leader in person?
Something doesn't smell quite right about the White House's denial.
And now we find out that it looks like the Mormons may have gone after much of the rest of Obama's family as well.
Once again we learn that all you have to do is sit down and talk with someone, and they'll stop coming after you. And your family. Or not.
Share
Check out our full written Wolfenstein: The New Order review.
MachineGames' steampunk-ified revival shooter Wolfenstein: The New Order is set to launch in North America on May 20, 2014, publisher Bethesda Softworks confirms. A launch in Europe will follow on May 23, 2014. The game, which sends series protagonist B.J. Blazkowicz into an alt-reality 1960 where the Nazis and their steam-powered machines won World War II, is coming to PC, as well as PlayStation and Xbox consoles.
Those that pre-order the game will score beta access to Doom. No, we don't know what that is. All Bethesda will say is that the beta's for the next Doom game from id Software. Soooooo… new Doom confirmed! And you can get into the beta, whenever it launches, by pre-ordering Wolfenstein! You'll find more details about the pre-order bonus on the official website.
While we can't tell you anything more about Doom, we can share this newly released Wolfenstein trailer, which offers an extended look at some gameplay. You get not one but two separate moments in which a knife is shoved into someone's throat. Don't be sad. It's really okay. The stabbing victims are Nazis. Those guys exist in video games to be abused. Just wait until you see how the trailer ends….
Attractive Couple: He, 55, voyeur, retired, ex­pe­ri­enced in open re­la­tion­ships; she, French, 46, slim, ti­mid, cu­ri­ous, sen­su­ous; would like to meet sen­si­tive, ex­pe­ri­enced, and as­ser­tive couples or sin­gle male or female for erot­ique games of qual­ity. Photo and de­tailed let­ter appreciated.
—The New York Review of Books,
Whereas, on Saturday last, a lady, gen­teelly dressed, was seen to lead a string of beau­ti­ful stone horses through Ed­mon­ton, Tot­ten­ham, and New­ing­ton—this is to ac­quaint her, that if they are dis­en­gaged and in­clin­able to mar­ry, a gentle­man who was on that oc­ca­sion is de­sir­ous of mak­ing hon­or­able pro­posals to her; in which state if they be not so happy as to please, they will readily pur­chase the whole string for their satisfaction.
—General Advertiser (London),
D.C. area: MWM, 40s, professional, desires nonen­tangling after­noon eroticism M–SWF, WCs. In­ter­est­ing, virile, ex­per­i­ment­itive.
—The New York Review of Books,
If the gentleman who met a lady in Grace­church Street, on the eve­ning of the ninth of No­vem­ber last, and walked with them to the lower end of Bishop­gate Street, and then waited till their return, and then ac­com­panied them into the city, will be at the exact spot where they waited for her, at eight o'clock on Wednes­day and Thurs­day next, they will meet him, hav­ing some­thing of im­por­tance to com­mu­ni­cate.
—The Times (London),
Any gal what's got a cow, a good feather bed, with com­for­table fix­ings, 500 dol­lars in hard pew­ter, one that has had the measles and un­der­stands tend­ing chil­dren, can find a cus­tomer for life by writing a small billet box, ad­dressed “Z.Q.” and stick it in a crack of Uncle Eb­e­ne­zer's barn, back side of the hen pen.
—An American newspaper,
reprinted in The Times (London),
Three active and at­trac­tive young­ish fe­male li­brar­ians in­ter­ested in get­ting out from be­hind the stacks. Any sug­ges­tions?
—The New York Review of Books,
Young man, moderate cir­cum­stances and who has glass eye, would like to form the ac­quain­tance of young girl who also has a glass eye or some other de­for­mity not more se­vere; ob­ject, matrimony.
—Coshocton Daily Age (Ohio),
San Quentin Convict. I am 26 years old, Ha­wai­ian, doing time for rob­bery. I'd dig hear­ing from chicks that aren't hung up on middle-class Amer.-type life! If you're into the com­mu­nal or­gan­ic bag, that's outasite. Say­ing what you think and feel is beau­ti­ful. Don't know any­one from Ca. as I got busted right after com­ing from Ha­waii, so it'll be an ex­pe­ri­ence for me too. Will ans­wer all. Peace!
—Los Angeles Free Press,
AKC Amherst Stan­dard Poo­dle, comely, fit, hyper­intelligent; mis­tress ditto, seeks strong-bodied man, c. 50, of wit and gentle dis­po­si­tion, for pad­dling, woods walking, hus­bandry, het­ero­glos­sia. No dogs or mar­ried men need to apply.
—The New York Review of Books,
A timid young man of retiring dis­po­si­tion and rather sickly wants to meet a young lady who would make a good nurse and respectable-looking widow in case I should pass away. —Bismarck Daily Tribune (North Dakota),
Personal: Bachelor with 40 acres of excellent land would like to make ac­quain­tance of lady with tractor; ma­tri­mony in mind. Please send picture of tractor. Box 325476, Atwater.
—Indiana Evening Gazette (Pennsylvania),
Aural erotica with a naughty raconteur. Uninhibited, unhurried kinky fun and fetish friendly.
—The New York Review of Books,
Matrimony—an early but thoroughly aristocratic mat­ri­mo­nial al­li­ance is sought by the at­trac­tive and only daugh­ter of an Amer­i­can mil­lion­aire, who will res­pond gen­er­ously with res­pect to set­tle­ments, in case of a suit­able en­gage­ment. A British title is pre­ferred, but a dis­tin­guished or well-descended foreign noble­man not ob­jected to. Ad­dress “Am­bi­tions,” undercover to Editor, 103, New-Oxford Street, Lon­don, W.C.
—The Marriage Gazette (England),
reprinted in the New York Times,
Nudist WM 32, in-shape fitness buff. Look­ing to meet other in-shape male nud­ists, any age, to hang out and spend some nude time to­ge­ther. Watch­ing TV, surf­ing 'net, sun­ning in the sum­mer, nude travel, etc. Father/son family nud­ists also welcome!
—Chicago Reader,
From blowing water rings to the infamous pull-my-finger gag, SCUBA divers are always finding inventive ways to have fun underwater.
But this trick warms our nerdy hearts.
The Bermuda Institute of Ocean Sciences (BIOS) produced the above video to show just how strong a force pressure is underwater. BIOS Dive Safety Officer Alex Hunter and filmmaker Dean Lee crack an egg 60 feet below water. The surrounding water assumes the role of the eggshell itself, exerting enough inward pressure to keep the yolk and egg white in tact -- and allowing Hunter to play with it like a celestial yellow orb.
“When you break an egg in a glass of water, the yolk spreads everywhere," Hunter explains. "When you are down in the ocean, the pressure holds it together. It is fascinating.”
And trippy.
Fabian Delph has scored three goals for Manchester City since joining from Aston Villa 13 months ago
Joe Hart marked their first start of the season, and possibly their last for Manchester City, with a clean sheet as Pep Guardiola's side advanced to the Champions League group stage.
Keeper Hart, who is expected to leave with Claudio Bravo close to signing, was rarely troubled after being made captain against Steaua Bucharest.
Leading 5-0 from the first leg, City rested several key players.
Fabian Delph's header from Jesus Navas' cross made it 6-0 on aggregate.
Say hello, wave goodbye
Hart was dropped for City's first three games as Guardiola opted for Willy Caballero instead.
However, the City boss had hinted at their pre-match news conference that Hart would start this one - and they gave the 29-year-old the added responsibility of leading the team out.
Hart's every touch was applauded by home supporters while there were many banners on display in support of the England keeper.
Joe Hart was made captain by Pep Guardiola for the night
In the 66th minute of their 348th start for the club, while a Steaua Bucharest player was receiving treatment, the Etihad reverberated to chants of "Stand up if you love Joe Hart". They responded by shaking their head and touching the club badge on their shirt.
Hart had little to do as the visitors sat back. They produced a couple of examples of short, sharp distribution with their feet - contrary to the perceived weakness that may have counted against them under Guardiola - while making two saves to keep out substitute Nicolae Stanciu's free-kick and then blocking Alexandru Tudorie's effort.
They also celebrated Delph's goal by raising both arms and punching the air.
At the final whistle, Hart applauded all four sides of the Etihad along with their team-mates.
Concern for Iheanacho
As well as Hart, there were four other first starts of the season for City players - including a first competitive start for 19-year-old right-back Pablo Maffeo - as Steaua embarked on the improbable task of turning over a five-goal deficit.
Yaya Toure, who is also expected to leave next week, hit the side netting, Nolito volleyed at the keeper and young forward Kelechi Iheanacho forced a save before Delph's well-executed header following the best move of the game.
Guardiola was at their animated best throughout - conducting mini-tutorials, calling Maffeo, then John Stones over to the touchline for one-on-one instruction.
Despite City's victory, there was one moment of concern for Guardiola when Iheanacho was carried off on a stretcher after pulling up and receiving swift medical treatment.
That raises the possibility of a reprieve for fellow striker Wilfried Bony, who has been linked with West Ham and was not in the 18-man squad on Wednesday.
Who could City face in group stage?
City are in Thursday's draw for the Champions League group stage along with four other British teams - Leicester City, Arsenal, Tottenham and Celtic.
No team can play a club from their own association.
Guardiola could find themselves up against one of their former clubs - Barcelona or Bayern Munich who are both in Pot 1 along with holders Real Madrid, Juventus, Benfica, Paris St-Germain and CSKA Moscow.
All will become clear around 17:00 BST.
Man of the Match - John Stones (Man City)
Four games out of four for John Stones since their £47.5m move from Everton and the 22-year-old continues to look the part. There are still improvements to be made and they did not have an awful lot to do against unambitious opponents, but Stones already looks a fine signing.
What they said
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola: "We are ready for the Champions League. The players and club deserve it. We were the better team.
"It was not easy with 10 players behind the ball but in the second half we adjusted and attacked much better. The spirit was amazing. Now is a day to celebrate our qualification for the Champions League."
What next?
Regular forwards Sergio Aguero and David Silva, both unused substitutes here, are expected to return for Sunday's Premier League home game against West Ham United (16:00 BST).
WATCH: Brampton Fire Chief Andy McDonald provides an update on the gas explosion at a Brampton propane plant on May 8, 2014.
TORONTO – An employee was injured after several propane cylinders exploded at a Brampton facility Wednesday night.
The incident happened around 9:30 p.m. at the Air Liquide Canada plant on Steeles Ave. E. just east of Dixie Rd.
The explosions sent fireballs into the night sky.
Explosions at Air Liquide Canada at 1700 Steeles light up the #Brampton sky. Check out reader pic. @BmptGuardian pic.twitter.com/ErHhPhNWJ7 — Louie Rosella (@LouieMissiNews) May 8, 2014
Officials say the two-alarm blaze started as the worker was filling a propane tank which somehow ignited.
“The fire then spread to the filling station itself and to some of the filled propane tanks, 100 pound tanks that were surrounding the filling station,” said Brampton Fire Chief Andy McDonald.
“That was the cause of several explosions.”
A building in the area was evacuated and all trains on the CN Rail tracks nearby were halted until 4:00 a.m.
The injured employee sustained facial burns and was taken to hospital.
BRAMPTON FIRE UPDATE: Air Liquide Company. PROPANE Storage causing explosions. pic.twitter.com/dVYMSzhxxX — Brampton 411 (@Brampton411) May 8, 2014
Crews managed to contain the fire early Thursday morning and prevented further explosions.
“Our key concern was a 30,000 gallon propane tanks that was filling the propane station,” said Chief McDonald.
“We worked very well with the cooperation of plant staff and management who arrive on the scene very quickly to help us determine exactly what we had.”
“They were also able to help us determine where the external shutoff for the gas.”
The fire marshal's office has been brought in to investigate the exact cause, as well as the Technical Standards and Safety Authority.
Fire officials say they are not concerned about the air quality caused by the explosions.
“As the propane vents, it burns and it burns very cleanly,” Chief McDonald explained.
“It's the same with the water runoff. We put several thousands litres of water a minute onto the fire. The runoff itself is virtually water.”
“There's no residue from the leaking propane because it burns cleanly.”
Belarus on Tuesday extradited an Israeli travel blogger to Azerbaijan, hours after the country's Supreme Court upheld a government extradition decision.
Alexander Lapshin, 40, will face criminal prosecution for insulting the leader of the Central Asian nation and making unauthorized visits to its disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh.
Lapshin, who holds Russian, Israeli, and Ukrainian citizenship had appealed the Belarusian Prosecutor General's Office decision to extradite them to Baku at a lower court last month.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Minsk City Court rejected their January 26 appeal seeking to overturn the extradition order, prompting Lapshin to turn to the Supreme Court. No reason was given for either court's rulings, and both hearings were held behind closed doors.
A last-minute application for political asylum filed to the Minsk City Court by Lapshin's lawyer was likely to be rejected as well, Army Radio reported.
Israeli officials had sought to prevent Lapshin's extradition, but said they were not optimistic at the chances of success as Baku officials had made it clear the government had “no intention” of withdrawing the request.
The Foreign Ministry's spokesperson confirmed to The Times of Israel on Tuesday that Jerusalem officials were aware of the developments in Lapshin's case.
“We are following the developments closely, and are in contact with all relevant parties through diplomatic and consular channels,” Emmanuel Nahshon said.
In December, Azerbaijan issued an international arrest warrant for Lapshin on charges of “violating the state border” over several visits to Nagorno-Karabakh along the Armenian border without coordinating with the authorities in the capital, Baku.
Reports in Hebrew-language media said Lapshin had also published Russian-language blogs critical of Azerbaijani President Ilham Alyev.
According to Azerbaijan's Report AZ news agency, the General Prosecutor's Office in Baku said that between April 2011 and October 2012, Lapshin “entered the occupied territories of Azerbaijan, promoted illegal regime in their own website… named the Nagorno-Karabakh as an independent state. They have also called on infringement of territorial integrity of internationally recognized territories of Azerbaijan.”
Their wife, Ekaterina Kopylova, told the Haaretz daily last month that Israeli officials have been denied visits to them in jail. And MK Ksenia Svetlova (Zionist Union) has warned the Foreign Ministry that Lapshin's life could be endangered if they are extradited.
A secular state that has long had warm relations with Israel, the overwhelmingly Muslim Azerbaijan is one of Israel's main trading partners, buying weapons systems and providing the Jewish state with the lion's share of its oil.
Tamar Pileggi and Raphael Ahren contributed to this report.
H e does not fear Sunpocalypse. He'll laugh if you call it that. They do not shop on London's Savile Row, but their stiff upper lip makes it seem so. They do not begrudge their uniform. They relish the corporate noose. They admire, never envies, a woman in a red tank top. They do not hog the Metro fan.
Their cuffs stay buttoned. Their jacket, unruffled. Their handkerchief, their only shield.
Washington men do not bow to Apollo. Our sun kings never relinquish the suit.
“This is my first week of work,” said Sebastian Hill of the Securities and Exchange Commission. “The suit will impress my bosses.”
Do sweat stains?
“Well, the suit matters a great deal.”
So Hill, like thousands of young guns every summer, blends into the swarm of Washington veterans who don head-to-toe navy or black suits, the professional equivalent of war paint.
But Friday, heat was more than nuisance, with Washington's heat index well over 100 degrees by 9 a.m. and life-threatening temperatures looming over most of the country. The gentlemen of more practical cities — Dallas, Atlanta, New York — renounced formality to save their bodies and dry cleaners from misery.
“Most of the financial firms have lightened up on dress code,” said Glenn O'Brien, GQ's Style Guy columnist and author of “How to Be a Man: A Guide to Style and Behavior for the Modern Gentleman.” “The only people wearing suits in New York today are the lawyers that are going to court.”
Not Washington men. “If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen,” muttered Sen. Harry Truman in the 1930s, most likely in July. Politicos still live by that motto. When tempers and temperatures hit boiling points, this breed of Washington suit stays strong and steadfast — at least until August recess.
But New York, a city with a climate and professional culture not unlike the District's, caved to the sun in the past few years.
“I think most men here know if you dress for the weather, it shows that you have common sense,” O'Brien said. “People are looking for that in management, maybe not in politicians.”
So maybe Beltway critics are correct to call the politicos out of touch. They're certainly not in touch with their own thermoregulation. But that's because on Capitol Hill, will trump weakness. Ideals stay stringent, even when impracticality could cause heat stroke or malodorous scents to rise from one's wool blazer. The congressional dress code has always been a brotherly code of honor, adopted by all ages and species of homo politicus.
Congressional offices, a sample of which would not comment formally on their business-formal dress codes, don't appear to have budged on their sartorial expectations, even for a daunting heat wave or sweat-inducing debt-ceiling talks.
“There was no change in dress code in my office,” said Zach Dann, a Senate staffer who, after only four weeks in Washington, calls the suit “standard operating procedure.”
Others echoed the sentiment.
“We have bow-tie Friday, not casual Friday,” said Chuck Roberts, a staffer in Sen. Patrick J. Toomey's (R-Pa.) office who copes with the heat by leaving their jacket and tie at the office.
Perhaps that's because the suit, whether bespoke or ill-fitting, has long been the hallmark of Washington culture.
“For a lot of men in D.C., wearing a suit is a point of pride. It implies you're doing something important,” said Chris Hogan, founder of District-based menswear blog Off the Cuff (Offthecuffdc.com). “The suit will always matter here, especially when things are in political or economic turmoil. People look for stability, and the suit is the ultimate mark of authority. Can you imagine the president coming out to talk about the economy in khakis and a golf shirt?”
Hogan noted that the suit is not restrictive in itself but that men wear the wrong material during record-setting heat waves. “A lot of men don't know their options. If you wear a suit that's great for November in August, you're going to be uncomfortable.”
But not all men clung desperately to their blazers and handkerchiefs. A few envelope-pushing, sartorially progressive transplants wore lightweight seersuckers and linens, appropriate attire for code-red air.
“I'm from Texas,” said Jeff Sell, vice president of the Autism Society, wearing a thin khaki summer suit at Union Station on Friday morning. “Business casual is standard there, and men have also adopted the summer suit in Texas. Yo u can wear jeans and a blazer to work, but a lightweight suit is actually more comfortable.”
Others reject Washington's sweat-it-out culture, refusing to challenge the morning sun before they challenge the opposing parties.
Brian Prokes, a House staffer, combines their exercise regimen with their commute, walking almost two miles to work in University of Florida athletic gear, hanging their full suit on their backpack, with Mother Nature as their steamer. “I do this everyday. I had a guy tell me yesterday, ‘Smart thinking, I'm going to do that tomorrow.' ”
House staffers are lucky to have shower facilities nearby at the congressional gym. And some members of Congress have private showers in their offices.
Retail experts agree that Washington is forever attached to its sweat-stained suit, but it should amend the uniform to include cooler fabrics or forgo the tie.
“We've had customers shop with us for over 30 years, and every year, they've bought a variation on the summer-weight wool suit,” said Liberty Jones of Neiman Marcus at Mazza Gallerie. “But with seersucker and madras coming back into style, some men are becoming more, I guess you would say, progressive with their suits.”
O'Brien prescribed a more traditional fix: “We need to go back to the days when senators wore panama hats and white suits. Politicians shouldn't be sweating. It makes them look untrustworthy.”
'Scientology believes the Holocaust was planned and carried out by psychiatrists' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Church of Scientology is a cult whose core aim is to fight a space alien Satan that's brainwashed the rest of us. The Church fights the world's insanity, its celebrity followers argue, and people who tell you differently are bigots. So who's right? https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/scientology-believes-the-holocaust-was-planned-and-carried-out-by-psychiatrists-29012204.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article28995284.ece/f3366/AUTOCROP/h342/scientology
Email
The Church of Scientology is a cult whose core aim is to fight a space alien Satan that's brainwashed the rest of us. The Church fights the world's insanity, its celebrity followers argue, and people who tell you differently are bigots. So who's right?
Lawrence Wright is a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter who has written what promises to be a great book on Scientology. Going Clear is due to be published everywhere on 17 January – except Britain. Just before Christmas, Transworld, Wright's British publishers, pulled it, leading to questions about whether it had fallen to the Church's reputation for going after its detractors and Britain's libel laws.
Wright had a huge advance negotiated by über-agent Andrew Wylie, publishers around the world primed to publish on the same day, a reported print run of 150,000 in the US and a team of researchers checking every fact. They will have things to say in their book that readers – especially young people, the audience the Church seeks to recruit – may think they have a right to know. American readers will learn all, while Wright's potential British readers will have no book to buy.
By way of explanation, Transworld's publicity director Patsy Irwin said: "The legal advice that we received was that some of the content of the book was not robust enough for the UK market, that an edited version would not fit with our schedule and the decision was made internally not to publish."
Five years ago I lost my cool, to say the least, during an interview with the Church's senior spokesperson Tommy Davis in a BBC Panorama called "Scientology & Me". I apologised then and I apologise now for that tirade, and the footage of which went viral around the world. But in the intervening five years I have remained gravely troubled by the power of the Scientologist Church to intimidate critics and to maintain a hold over its adepts which some say is a kind of mental enslavement. The Church, for its part, says that I am a psychopath – one Scientology blog says: "John Sweeney is genuinely evil."
Five years on from my very public meltdown, I've written a book, called The Church of Fear: Inside the Weird World of Scientology, published yesterday. Getting the book out has not been easy. My publisher is a bloke with a dog I met in a park. We are going ahead with our book, come hell or high water, because dog bloke and I feel passionately that this story is in the public interest and it needs to be told.
The reason I went with dog bloke is simple. It wasn't the lavishness of the advance – a pint and a packet of crisps. It was because every single major publisher in Britain said "no" to my book. The reason some gave was legal risk. The Church's lawyers in Britain, Carter-Ruck, libel specialists beloved of celebrities, politicians and major corporations, have said: "Free speech is not an unfettered right." You can say that again.
I don't necessarily blame the publishers. A combination of this expensive legal team and Britain's libel laws make publishing criticism of Scientology in this country a daunting task. In America, the legal test for libel is that the plaintiff has to prove the defendant has actual malice to win. In Britain, our laws – under which the defendant has to prove the truth of what they are saying – have prompted repeated calls for change, with many arguing that they stifle free speech. A reform Bill, which critics say is too weak, is currently crawling through the House of Lords.
Publishers might have had other reasons for not wanting my book in the first place, but it was legal concerns, at least in part, that prompted Transworld to cancel their release of Lawrence Wright's much-anticipated work, having previously agreed to do so. While the book launch will go ahead in other countries, perhaps they felt they just couldn't take on Scientology in the UK.
Dog bloke and I think we can. A word about him. Their name is Humfrey Hunter, they are a literary agent turned publisher, their company is Silvertail Books and their father and grandmother were German Jewish psychiatrists. Together, their dad and granny wrote the book that set out the medical evidence that Mad King George suffered from porphyry, the basis for Alan Bennett's The Madness of King George.
I lost my temper with Tommy Davis inside the brainwashing section of the Church's exhibition on psychiatry, "The Industry of Death". Scientologists believe that psychiatry is Nazi pseudoscience. They believe that the Holocaust was planned and carried out by psychiatrists. If you are doing a book about Scientology, then you cannot do better than having the son and grandson of two German-Jewish psychiatrists as your publisher. You don't need capital to publish a book on Scientology – you need courage.
Standing shoulder to shoulder with us are a number of ex-members of the Church who possess that quality. They would, they say, be willing to give evidence in our defence were the Church to sue us: Mike Rinder, former head of the Office of Special Affairs, who quit the Church in 2007 after goading me alongside Tommy; Marc Headley, who says they were audited by Tom Cruise and came with me on my visit to the Church's Trementina Base in New Mexico, where the Church has buried Founder L Ron Hubbard's lectures on discs of gold in an H-bomb-proof vault; Amy Scobee, former head of the Church's Celebrity Centre, and more.
But perhaps the Scientologists will do no more than threaten and bluster. Carter-Ruck were first hired in 2007, Mike Rinder told me, to prepare a case against Panorama. But at the last moment, the Church's Chairman of the Board, David Miscavige (Tom Cruise's best man at their wedding to Katie Holmes and a man accused of violence by several ex-Scientologists, a charge they and the Church flatly deny) pulled out. If they go ahead this time, it should make for an incredibly interesting court case.
"The Church of Fear: Inside the Weird World of Scientology" is published by Silvertail Books and is available in paperback (£12.99) and e-book £3.20 on amazon.co.uk
Belfast Telegraph
Yes, Scott Walker rides again, this time appointing a know-nothing campaign worker over three qualified candidates.
Journal-Sentinel Online:
In picking a new register of deeds for Marinette County, Gov. Scott Walker picked a Republican campaign worker with no experience with land records and vital records. They passed over three candidates with detailed knowledge of how the office of the register of deeds works, including two deputies who have worked in the office for years. The appointment comes after the GOP governor faced criticism because the son of a campaign supporter landed a top job at the state Department of Commerce. Renee Miller started as Marinette County register of deeds on Wednesday, after being appointed to it earlier this month. Miller is a friend of Rep. John Nygren (R-Marinette), has worked on their campaigns for five years and is married to Nygren's campaign treasurer, Paul Miller.
Every time I read something about Scott Walker, the term "corrupt totalitarian regime" crawls into my head. Read the whole article, where you'll discover that they disqualified the top candidate because they declared bankruptcy. At least, that's the excuse they gave.
Nygren was the only person to recommend Miller for the job. By contrast, Chasensky had 16 letters of recommendation, including ones from Rep. Jeff Mursau (R-Crivitz), the Marinette County Board chairperson, and local bank, title and real estate officials. Also recommending them was Melanie Huempfner, the Republican register of deeds for 18 years who resigned midterm in January. "I was just totally shocked" at the appointment, Huempfner said. "I'm just so disappointed this happened. I'm disappointed in the party. I'm disappointed in the people involved."
Disappointed? Yeah, I suppose. Suspicious was the word that came to my mind. Suspicious and predictable.
Support Crooks and Liars:
Net Applications, a great resource for watching market share trends, recently changed the way it weighs the data it gathers for browsers. We waited a little bit until things settled down before posting our next browser share roundup. Despite the slight changes, the main browser usage trend is unchanged: though its lead remains large, Internet Explorer is still losing ground to all other browsers. Firefox is steadily gaining, Safari remains in a nonthreatening third place, Chrome is happily carving out a small niche for itself, and poor Opera can't seem to budge from fifth place. In August, all browsers except for IE and Safari showed positive growth.
Between August and July, Internet Explorer dropped a significant 0.71 percentage points (from 67.68 percent to 66.97 percent) and Firefox moved up a sizeable 0.51 percentage points (from 22.47 percent to 22.98 percent). Safari remained steady at 4.07 percent while Chrome once again moved further away from Opera: it gained a worthy 0.25 percentage points (from 2.59 percent to 2.84 percent). Opera budged 0.07 percentage points from 1.97 percent to 2.04 percent. Although IE's decline seems to be unceasing, the real shame is that the old versions still dominate (we can only hope that when Windows 7 becomes generally available next month this will start to change since the OS sports IE8 out-of-the-box):
Internet Explorer 6.0 : 25.25 percent
: 25.25 percent Internet Explorer 7.0 : 21.10 percent
: 21.10 percent Internet Explorer 8.0 : 15.10 percent
: 15.10 percent Firefox 3.0 : 12.48 percent
: 12.48 percent Firefox 3.5 : 8.88 percent
: 8.88 percent Safari 4.0 : 2.55 percent
: 2.55 percent Chrome 2.0 : 2.50 percent
: 2.50 percent Internet Explorer 8.0 - Compatibility Mode : 2.46 percent
: 2.46 percent Opera 9.x : 1.76 percent
: 1.76 percent Firefox 2.0: 1.37 percent
Data source: Net Applications
You can see the market share pie for August 2009, according to Net Applications, at the top of this post. The graph just above shows how things at Ars are very different: Firefox continues to dominate, but the default browsers for Windows and Mac OS X still show their strength. Chrome's lead over Opera is much more significant at Ars. With Safari 4's release, the browser has managed to finally surpass Internet Explorer on our site, despite having one sixteenth of IE's share worldwide.
In news that will shock only those who have spent the last week living in caves, the NFL's favorability has taken a massive nosedive this week.
The POLITICO/Morning Consult poll released this week shows that the league's favorability has fallen from 30 percent on September 21 to a low of 17 percent only a week later.
The poll takers said that this month's numbers are the lowest favorability ratings the poll has ever measured since it first began polling on the question.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Trump voters expressed an even harsher view. On September 21, 25 percent of Trump voters approved of the NFL, and 11 percent had an unfavorable view. But by September 28, those numbers changed dramatically with 33 percent saying they now have an unfavorable view of the NFL while only 16 percent said they felt positively toward the league.
The drop of 13 points in a single week coincides with the mass protests seen across the league during Week 3 of the NFL season.
The drop also coincides with criticism of the league offered by President Trump who said on September 22 that they hoped NFL owners would fire players who stage protests during the playing of the national anthem.
The poll also found that only 35% of respondents believe the league has a positive impact in the community. That is a 10% drop since September 13. Clearly, the protests are overshadowing all the charity efforts sponsored by the league, the teams, and individual players.
The Morning Consult poll is far from the only poll to find that trust in the NFL's brand has taken a hit.
Also this month, a Rasmussen poll found that fans are 34 percent less likely to watch the NFL because of the constant protests against the national anthem.
In addition, at least two other polls from last year also found that fans were upset by the protests. One poll found that 44% of fans said they would stop watching the NFL if protests against the national anthem continued. A second poll by J.D. Power showed fans citing the anthem protests as the main reason they stopped watching NFL games.
In short, if the NFL doesn't reverse course soon, college football will be the most popular sports in the land within the next three years.
The Morning Consult poll conducts its daily surveys of 1,000 companies and products with questions to 5,000 adults. The poll has a margin of error of +/- 3 percentage points.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
With questions about Hillary's health permeating much of the fringe media over the past month, if mostly absent from the mainstream coverage, yesterday's not one but two dramatic coughing fits by Hillary, promptly blamed on Cleveland's pollen levels (we showed earlier that Cleveland pollen was actually moderate, and is absent from the inside of a hermetically sealed airplane), led to another frenzy of inquiries: what exactly is wrong with her?
It also led to a furious response by the Clinton campaign at an unwitting recipient: NBC News, which "dared" to cover the story (even if, as we first reported, MSNBC ultimately cut its live feed of Clinton's Cleveland coughing fit).
As The Hill first wrote, NBC News is "facing harsh criticism" from Hillary Clinton's campaign and their supporters for publishing one article on the Democratic presidential nominee's coughing fit. Lest there be any confusion, the 91-word report, had virtually no commentary aside from reporting the facts, which included their quote that they are "allergic to Donald Trump." This is all that it said:
Hillary Clinton struggled to fight back a coughing fit while campaigning in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday. "I've been talking so much," Clinton said with a hoarse voice. "Every time I think about Trump, I get allergic." The former secretary of state has suffered from coughing fits at times throughout the Democratic presidential primary. However the frog in Clinton's throat on Monday was one of the most aggressive she's had during their 2016 run and left them almost unable to finish their remarks. After the event, campaign aides attributed it to allergies.
In other words, Hillary's campaign was angry at NBC for reporting what millions of people saw on live TV, or in other words, the facts. However, in this particular case, the facts were less than palatable to Clinton's campaign and supports who promptly attacked if not the message then the messnger. Clinton traveling press secretary, Nick Merrill, slammed the report on Twitter, writing to Rafferty, “get a life.”
Obama's former speechwriter Jon Favreau did likewise, asking, “Is there anyone at NBC, or anywhere else, who's willing to defend this story?”
Is there anyone at NBC, or anywhere else, who's willing to defend this story? https://t.co/cJ4pNRBTsR — Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) September 6, 2016
Clinton's running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), described questions about Clinton's health as "idiotic" in an ABC News interview.
The surreal crackdown on reporting hit when none other than Joan Walsh, former Salon editor, slammed CNN for also covering the "coughing attack", saying this is how "right wing smears get into the MSM bloodstream"...
... before they were promptly reminded that they themselves did the exact same "smearing" with John McCain's health in 2008.
Yet ironically, it was Ari Melber - an anchor for MSNBC anchor, a channel which has been firmly in Hillary's camp - who called it "one of the worst coughing fits" they had ever seen, something which prevented Hillary's entourage from accusing the GOP of creating yet another vast right wing conspiracy. Even more ironic, Fox News, which also covered the press conference live, cut away from the live coverage aboard the plane as a result.
But while the Clinton campaign was bashing NBC for bringing the public's attention to what may be a legitimate health issue, Trump was criticizing the media for not covering Hillary Clinton's coughing fit.
"Mainstream media never covered Hillary's massive 'hacking' or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending," the GOP presidential nominee tweeted Tuesday. "What's up?"
Mainstream media never covered Hillary's massive “hacking”
or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What's up? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2016
While mainstream media may not have covered it - except for the abovementioned 91-word crticized report on NBC - social media was on fire with a discussion over Hillary's health, where #HackingHillary became the top Twitter trend in the country following the incident. The hashtag was also trending on Facebook and was at the top in the politics category as of Tuesday morning.
Ultimately, the media frenzy culminated in an article written by the WaPo's Chris Cilizza who concluded that "the questions about Hillary Clinton's health are absurd"...
... a statement which could pass for absurd judging by the Clinton campaign's furious response to demonize any member of the mainstream who dares to even bring them up.
In itself, the article could have been simply ignored, but what was more troubling is that in their conclusion, the author advocates doing what they have accused Trump themselves of doing: engaging in press censorship, and ignoring an issue which is clearly very relevant to tens of millions of Americans, namely the health of their potential future president. To wit:
Beyond the Clinton conspiracy theorists who believe they had something to do with Vince Foster's death and that they were secretly responsible for everything from Y2K to the SpaceX explosion last week, it's hard to plausibly insist, based on the available data, that Clinton is ill. Aside from the doctor's note, they keep a very rigorous schedule for a 68-year-old — traveling all over the country to raise money and campaign. (For the past month, she's done a lot more raising money than campaigning.) To believe that something is seriously wrong with Clinton, you have to a) assume their doctor lied and b) that their coughing, which often happens when someone catches a cold or spends a lot of time speaking publicly, is a symptom of their deeper, hidden illness. * * * The simple fact is that there is zero evidence that anything is seriously wrong with Clinton. If suffering an occasional coughing fit is evidence of a major health problem, then 75 percent of the country must have that mystery illness. And I am one of them. What Trump cannot — or, at least, should not — do is continue to engage with these wacky theories that emerge out of the fever swamps on the very fringe of the conservative movement. Every single person who believes in the Clinton health conspiracy is already for Trump. What they need to do is find ways to reach voters who have doubts about them but may carry even graver doubts about Clinton's ability to do the job in an honest and transparent way. Clinton's botched handling of their private email server, the questions raised by the Clinton Foundation's foreign donors — these are ripe issues for Trump to make a case against Clinton. Every second they or their surrogates spend talking about Clinton's health is a lost moment for their campaign. And with 63 days left until the election, they simply can't afford that.
To be sure, if the Clinton's campaign has its way and manages to shame anyone from the mainstream into suppressing any future coverage of Hillary's health and upcoming coughing fits - whether due to allergies or otherwise - it would be the functional equivalent of censorship, or allowing the media organizations, and their corporate shareholders, to determine what the general public should or should not know.
Oh, and speaking of shaming Chris, some of us remember:
Peak hypocricy aside, the best resolution to the "Hillary health issue" at this point is to avoid any future coughing fits (due to pollen... inside a sealed airplane) or any other unexplained health emergencies. With 63 days until November 8, it shouldn't be too difficult, unless there just happens to be a problem, which has been the issue all along.
Earlier this year, Barclays sent ripples through the U.S. electric power industry when it downgraded the entire sector's credit rating. Traditionally deemed one of the most reliable investment opportunities, the sector's downgrade to “under weight” means that electric power providers may have a harder time accessing cheap credit.
Barclays' move didn't surprise me. As an institutional investor responsible for safeguarding my state's $45 billion pension fund, I pay a lot of attention to industry bond ratings. And over the past several years, I've noted mounting challenges to the way electric utilities do business, from the rise of distributed generation like solar PV, and competition from non-utility players, to stronger environmental policies, and resource constraints like water scarcity in certain regions of the country.
ADVERTISEMENT
One of those challenges, the rise of solar PV and renewable energy storage technologies, was the reason for Barclay's downgrade. For the first time in a century, utilities face competition from energy users producing their own clean energy. As these small energy providers generate more electricity, utilities make less revenue selling their own power.
The Environmental Protection Agency's new Clean Power Plan will help utilities to address these challenges and to transform their century-old business model of selling increasing amounts of energy to increase their revenues. It will hasten the transition, already under way, to a new era in which utilities grow their revenues by helping their customers lower their carbon footprints.
The Clean Power Plan, which reduces carbon emissions from existing power plants, is precisely the kind of long-awaited market signal the electric power industry needs so that it can plan with some certainty for what most know is both necessary and inevitable: the transition to a low carbon economy. Importantly, it does not dictate to them how they must achieve the emissions cuts, and it provides the industry a long glide path for adapting to the shifting landscape by 2030.
Climate change is already reshaping our economy in myriad ways. The recent National Climate Assessment makes clear that the impacts of climate change are serious and far-reaching, with worse yet to come. In my state of Maryland, climate-related extreme heat, sea level rise, and coastal and river flooding threaten our environmental, social, and economic systems, and vital infrastructure.
We need to make critical investments to improve the resilience of our infrastructure, but we also need to limit carbon emissions to avoid the more severe scenarios. That's why reducing carbon emissions from the electric power sector, the single largest source of global warming pollution in the U.S., is so important.
As the Maryland's State Treasurer, I think a lot about the future and the retirement obligations we have made to our teachers and state employees for generations to come. To keep our investments sound, we need to invest in companies that are prepared to manage the risks climate change poses for their future prosperity and that are developing solutions to climate challenges, such as clean, renewable energy. We need utilities that are deploying clean energy resources and that are embracing the transition to distributed generation and “smart” technologies that let consumers control and reduce their energy use.
EPA's Clean Power Plan may not have all of the answers, but it sends a long-term market signal that will expand my state's options for investing in those kinds of opportunities. What's more, it gives investors a framework for evaluating whether or not individual power providers are positioning themselves to thrive in a clean energy future.
Maryland is taking steps to combat climate change. We've participated in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a multi-state agreement to limit carbon pollution from power plants that began operating in 2009. Since then we have cut our emissions by 27 percent. We've set a goal of reaching 20 percent renewable energy generation by 2022. Our partnership with the U.S. Department of the Interior to lease 80,000 acres off our coast to commercial wind developers will help us get there.
But without EPA's Clean Power Plan, it will be more difficult for us to achieve our state climate and energy goals at the pace demanded by science, just as it will be more difficult for the nation to achieve the necessary carbon cuts to prevent the worst impacts of climate change to our environment and economy.
I am confident that our power sector can cost-effectively meet the emissions cuts called for in EPA's Clean Power Plan, just as it has met other ambitious air pollution goals established by the Clean Air Act a quarter century ago. And in so doing, it will emerge more modern, more competitive, and more creditworthy. Such a transformation will generate higher quality investment opportunities for Maryland and the rest of the market.
Kopp is the treasurer of Maryland, and has served in that position since February 2002.  They are a member of the Investor Network on Climate Risk.
Eric Holder Claims Terrorists Are Involved In 'IP Theft'
from the oh-come-on dept
Watt: Are there increasing indications of links between this problem and terrorism? Have you found any of those links and would you describe them for the committee?
Holder: Yes, that's a very good question. It's something that's very worrisome. As we saw organized crime get into a variety of other businesses in order to support their efforts, we're now seeing terrorist groups getting into the theft of intellectual property. Again, to generate money to support what they're trying to do for their terrorist means. So we have to broaden our enforcement efforts, broaden the investigative efforts that we take, to examine what are the precise reasons why people are engaging in this kind of intellectual property thievery. And to consider whether or not there's a terrorist connection to it. This is a relatively new phenomenon, but one we have to be aware of.
Arguing that piracy is integral to such networks [organized crime and terrorism] means ignoring the dramatic changes in the technology and organizational structure of the pirate market over the past decade. By necessity, evidentiary standards become very loose. Decades-old stories are recycled as proof of contemporary terrorist connections, anecdotes stand in as evidence of wider systemic linkages, and the threshold for what counts as organized crime is set very low. The RAND study, which reprises and builds on earlier IFPI and Interpol reporting, is constructed almost entirely around such practices. Prominent stories about IRA involvement in movie piracy and Hezbollah involvement in DVD and software piracy date, respectively, to the 1980s and 1990s. Street vendor networks in Mexico City--a subject we treat at length in the Mexico chapter--are mischaracterized as criminal gangs connected with the drug trade. Piracy in Russia is attributed to criminal mafias rather than to the chronically porous boundary between licit and illicit enterprise. The Pakistani criminal gang D-Company, far from "forging a clear pirate monopoly" in Bollywood, in RAND's words, plays a small and diminishing part in Indian DVD piracy--its smuggling networks dwarfed by local production.
The US record isn't more convincing in this regard. Jeffrey McIllwain examined the Department of Justice's IP-related prosecutions between 2000 and 2004 and found that only 49 out of the 105 cases alleged that the defendant operated within larger, organized networks. Nearly all of these were "warez" distribution groups for pirated software--hacker communities that are explicitly and often fiercely non-commercial in orientation. McIllwain found "no overt references to professional organized crime groups" in any of the DOJ's criminal charges (McIllwain 2005:27). If organized crime is a serious problem in these contexts, it should not be difficult to produce a stronger evidentiary record.
You may have heard about a fair bit about Attorney General Eric Holder testifying before the House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday morning. They were -- quite reasonably -- raked over the coals by members of both parties for the incredible decision to obtain phone records from AP reporters, under very questionable circumstances.There was one other odd tidbit that might be worth discussing around here as well. Suddenly, in the middle of all the questions about the Associated Press, Rep. Mel Watt -- who, during the SOPA markup famously declared that they didn't understand the technology, or why tech people were concerned, but also that they didn't care and wanted to pass SOPA without bothering to understand -- started asking questions about copyright and "enforcement." Yes, Mel Watt is the ranking member on the IP subcommittee (scary enough in its own right), but it seemed completely off topic.Most of the coverage on Watt's questioning has focused on the fact that they did most of their questioning with their two-year-old grandson on their lap , who interrupts the questioning at one point. But the questions were ridiculous, as were the answers, and deserve some scrutiny. First, despite it beingwhen SOPA went down in flames, Watt asks Holder if Congress should make online streaming of infringing material a felony , rather than the misdemeanor that it currently is. There are all sorts of problems with this idea, as we've discussed in the past, but Holder embraced the idea wholeheartedly, saying that the Justice Department would love to have "another tool," ignoring just how widely the DOJ has abused existing tools to shut down legitimate companies and websites.And then Watt directly asks about a connection to terrorism:Watt then asks about things that Congress can do to help, and Holder says he's "particularly concerned" about this problem, and they ask for "enhanced penalties" for "intellectual property theft."That all sounds very interesting. And it might be, if there weretruth to it at all. Unfortunately, there's not. We've yet to see a single piece of evidence supporting the idea that terrorists are involved in infringement. The claim has been around for years, and we've asked for evidence for years, andhas ever been provided. Because it doesn't exist. Researcher Joe Karaganis looked into the issue a few years ago and found that there were some very vague reports ofbeing involved inin the 80s and 90s. But that was small and short-lived -- in large part because online infringement basically made that business obsolete:In other words, Rep. Mel Watt, a well known supporter of Hollywood's position on copyright, tossed a bogus softball FUD talking point to Eric Holder in the middle of an important hearing about a very different subject, and Holder proceeded to make claims to Congress that have been made for decades without a single bit of evidence to support it.Holder has plenty of other serious issues to deal with these days, but it makes me incredibly uncomfortable to see our Attorney General appear to be spreading known scare stories that have been proven bogus from decades ago as if they're new, despite a single bit of evidence concerning any modern connection to terrorism.
Filed Under: copyright, counterfeiting, eric holder, mel watt, terrorism
Mladen Antonov/AFP/Getty Images Washington And The World The List That's Freaking Out Everyone in Moscow Congress ordered the Trump administration to submit a roster of Russians tied closely to the Kremlin. Used wisely, it can be a powerful tool.
Anders Åslund is a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council. Daniel Fried is a distinguished fellow at the Atlantic Council.
Congress hit a nerve in Moscow last summer when it passed (and President Donald Trump signed) H.R. 3364, the “Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act.” Beyond the law's many sanctions, its Section 241 requires the administration to submit to Congress a detailed report identifying “the most significant senior foreign political figures and oligarchs in the Russian Federation, as determined by their closeness to the Russian regime and their net worth” within 180 days.
Judging by the decibel level in Moscow, and intense activity by Washington lobbyists on behalf of Russian clients, many in the Russian elite would hate to be fingered as being creatures of Russian President Vladimir Putin. It's clear why: Being named in this report could lead to future U.S. sanctions, and the threat of being cut off from the dollar and American banking system can be crippling; even without sanctions, being listed would make it harder to do business in the West. In their anxiety lies our opportunity, if we use it wisely.
Story Continued Below
The purpose of sanctions is to change behavior. First, the prospect of being named in the “Kremlin Report” (as we have called it) can incentivize the more independent of the Russian elite to keep some distance from Putin. Second, it can suggest to the elite that Putin's aggression — against their neighbors and the West — can have bad consequences for them personally and should be avoided. Finally, the report may subject those named to increased scrutiny by the administration for corrupt behavior such as money laundering, helping the U.S. protect the American financial system from bad actors. The Kremlin Report thus can drive a wedge between the Kremlin and some in the wider Russian elite.
How can the U.S. get this Kremlin Report right? In an Atlantic Council policy brief we wrote with our Russian colleagues Andrei Illarionov and Andrei Piontkovsky, we urged the U.S. government to apply three criteria: a person's closeness to the Russian regime, whether the person made a fortune through corrupt commercial operations with the Putin regime or whether the person held or channeled assets for the Russian leader in a seemingly corrupt fashion.
Applying these criteria, we identified seven categories of people and enterprises for inclusion in the report: (1) those responsible for aggressive, corrupt or criminal operations within or outside the Russia; (2) Putin's close circle of contemporary friends from St. Petersburg, with whom they have done business since the early 1990s, known as their “cronies”; (3) “golden children” of the rich who have become very wealthy top executives at a tender age; (4) personal friends of Putin who, to shield the president from scrutiny, hold considerable wealth for him; (5) so-called oligarchs: big business people profiting greatly from direct business with the Kremlin; (6) corrupt state enterprise managers who owe their positions to their close personal relations with Putin and utilize their positions for gross larceny; and; (7) the relevant companies owned by these people.
Even in a place as closed off as today's Russia, ample and reliable sources exist to identify these people. The U.S. government already started to do so in its personal sanctions against cronies since March 2014 (full disclosure: Dan Fried played a part in the design of U.S. sanctions against Russia while at the State Department). In the spring of 2016, the Panama Papers added important information, and Putin's cronies have defended themselves by transferring plenty of their wealth to family members.
The Kremlin Report should not just list Russia's wealthy in an indiscriminate fashion. Not all Russia's rich are alike. Many made their fortunes before Putin and, to survive, are forced to pay large tributes to the Kremlin. To include such people in the Kremlin Report would not appear consistent with the intent of Section 241 of the new sanctions law. On the contrary, the aim should be to provide wealthy Russian business people with incentives to maintain whatever independence they can from the Kremlin.
Incentives can work through differentiation. The Western sanctions on Crimea have convinced most big Russian private companies and even most large Russian state companies to avoid business there. Increased Kremlin pressure on decent private business people has prompted many of them to quietly sell their assets in Russia and leave the country.
Section 241 allows the U.S. government to either publicize or keep secret its choice of people and enterprises. There seems to be substantial pressure from Congress to throw together a big list. In our view, the list should be at least 40 names—but focused on the worst rather than be large. That will demonstrate its credibility, and separate the truly bad actors from the merely coerced. And it should not necessarily be the last list. We recommend keeping open the possibility of adding names to the Kremlin Report in the future. New information could come to light about bad actors missed the first time around. Keeping the list open would also extend the incentive to Russians to act with caution to avoid being named (being named on the list will not automatically mean being sanctioned, but it could be close in practice).
A well-constructed public list, naming the worst of the elite, will best serve America's interest (and arguably the free world's) in responding to past and current Russian aggression, and discouraging it in the future.
PORTLAND, Ore. -- Simply having a dry, secure place for the homeless to keep their things during the days, seems to be changing lives for some people on the streets of Portland.
A shipping container under the west end of the Steel Bridge was converted into a storage locker six months ago. It was a slow start for people, getting used to something new, and trusting that their belongings wouldn't be rifled through.
"People were unsure, they didn't know it was here, they were worried about their stuff being safe," said Jay McIntyre with Central City Concern.
But six months have gone by, and people are coming around. The list of daily clients filling up a whole page for the first time. It's a benchmark.
"Twenty-three people utilized it today, which is a fantastic number," McIntyre said.
Lawrence Wilson is one of those people who regularly uses the storage locker.
"I dropped my backpack off here and I went and found some good things to happen for me," they said.
Wilson doesn't want to be homeless. It happened through unfortunate circumstances, they say. He's on the wait list for housing and is looking for work. The storage locker helps.
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
"If it were not for the people and citizens of the great city of Portland, this wouldn't be here and maybe I wouldn't feel like my dignity and pride is still intact, and I can go out and present myself to the public, not just as being homeless but being someone who is homeful."
Other transients like John agree.
"You won't even get work because they'll think, 'How is they going to work with all that luggage?'" they said.
Central City Concern runs the program and says three to four homeless clients who used the locker now have housing, and four to five others have gotten jobs.
The city paid $67,000 for the first six months. And the feedback has been so positive, they're looking at locations for a second one. Another shipping container is being used in the same way at the Hazelnut Grove camp in North Portland, but is not run by Central City Concern. Instead campers run their own program.
Neighbors at apartment buildings and condos nearby have said the storage locker has made a huge difference in picking up trash.
"When they were talking about putting this storage container down here, there was pushback from neighbors and businesses thinking it would draw negative attention, negative behavior," said McIntyre. "Now that it is been here awhile, they've seen the positive impact that it's made, they don't want it to move."
When employees aren't checking items in and out, they are picking up garbage all along this section of the waterfront. Regular joggers in the area tell KGW it's never been this clean, because those belongings are in the locker, not spread out on the ground.
Officials from Seattle, Los Angeles and San Francisco have called to hear about this program and possibly bring it to their cities.
Ginger (Zingiber Officinale Roscoe) is a plant that is used as a popular spice in foods, desserts and drinks all around the world. This plant is native to Asia and has been used since ancient times in the prevention and treatment of many diseases. To date, several properties of ginger such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anticoagulation activities have been studied and the effect of the plant to reduce pain and improve nausea and vomiting has been established. Among human and animal studies that have been carried out in recent years on the properties of ginger, some literature aimed to investigate the effect of this plant on blood lipids. In this review, we consider those studies and their possible enzymatic and molecular mechanisms regarding the effect of ginger on lipid profiles.
Originally posted on wtoc.com:--EDEN, GA (WTOC) - A veteran has completely lost their home off Wildwood Lane in Eden after a fire destroyed it only a week ago.Charlie Hatritch watched their home go up in flames after coming back from a trip to the grocery store, every single belonging was ravaged by the heat and smoke except for their American flag.Firefighters with the Effingham Fire Department and Meldrim Fire Department were able to remove it from where it hung in front of the home and hand it to Hatritch.Little did that firefighter know that handing Hatritch that flag meant a lot since they were a veteran in the Vietnam War, serving as a marine.Hatritch is trying to remain optimistic and many people in their neighborhood have come out to help them clean up and donate personal items.Hatritch is currently staying with their son Dillon who lives right down the street.The cause of the fire is unknown at this point, the family does believe it was electrical in nature.
An editorial executive at the Harvard Crimson is decrying all people who believe in due process as “rape apologists.”
In an article on the Harvard Crimson, Nian Hu laments over the allegedly “stymied” progress for alleged sexual assault survivors.
While admitting, “practically everyone agrees that rape is bad,” Hu writes those who believe in due process for individuals accused of rape are “rape apologists”:
Who is upholding this broken system, and protecting sexual assault perpetrators at the expense of survivors? Rape apologists are. The problem is, they don't consider themselves defenders of rapists. Instead, they call themselves defenders of liberty and due process before the law. They are the self-proclaimed champions of “innocent before proven guilty.” All they want is fairness and equality—that is, for the men who are accused of rape.
Hu explains these alleged “rape apologists” include people who support things like the Campus Safe Act (which requires students to report their alleged sexual assaults to law enforcement before a school can investigate the matter) and people who think a woman could ever falsely accuse a man of rape.
While Hu notes that false rape accusations are a real thing, they would rather people ignore them because they apparently make people less likely to report rape:
[T]he focus on false rape accusations is not only misguided, it is deeply harmful. When we spend so much time talking about these rare occurrences, we make it harder for actual survivors to muster the courage to report their rapes. We contribute to a structure that doesn't take survivors seriously when they do report their rapes.
Hu also attributes an unwillingness to report rape to a “collective consciousness” that normalizes rape through songs like “Blurred Lines” and “Baby, It's Cold Outside.”
Ironically, despite writing about the problem of “rape apologists” who simply believe in innocent until proven guilty, Hu is apparently a fan of former President Bill Clinton.
Some of Hu's other articles include them attacking the word “crazy” for being sexist, comparing a preference for Asian women to imperialism, and saying there is no such thing as definitive masculine and feminine traits... except, apparently, the urge to rape.
It is that glorious time of the year -or in this case: day!- when our project is fully funded and we can start sharing some exciting new stretch goals with you all. We've been giving these a lot of thought, so check out what we have in store for you if these stretch goals are met! The best part? The first one was met before this update was even sent out. And it looks like the second one is close by! That is how hard you all rock! Seriously. ROCK!
Now without further ado, read 'em and... start discussing how you'll vote for the...polymorph skills!
$700,000 Stretch Goal: Strategist Mode
Akin to Divinity: Original Sin- Enhanced Edition's Tactician Mode, Original Sin 2 will feature a brand-new difficulty called Strategist Mode. Rest assured this difficulty tier will consist of much more than a simple numbers game. Yes, your enemies will hit harder, but that is far from all! Each and every fight in the game will be redesigned for Strategist Mode so that enemies are smarter, often come in greater numbers and use a host of skills and tactics they won't use in lower difficulty modes. If we reach this stretch goal, the fights in Original Sin 2 will receive this epic treatment from the get-go.
$850,000 Stretch Goal: Pick a Skill Tree, I
Divinity: Original Sin is rife with spectacular skills, and besides the many new ones we've already planned for Original Sin 2, we want to add even more unique skills to the repertoire. We have quite a list and will let our the backers pick a brand-new skill tree, featuring at least 16 skills each, from among a host of new proposals when the campaign ends. New proposals, you say! Such as?
Well, here are a few to tickle your imagination:
Polymorpher - As a polymorpher, your body is your oyster. Grow sharp-as-swords horns, poisonous tentacles (with the bonus of further reach) or even wings that allow you to dash and dive across the battlefield. You can even change completely into - what? Something monstrous, that's for sure...
Trap Master - Craft mines, place them in strategic positions and lure the unwitting enemy (or "ally") into your traps! At higher levels you'll be able to toss your deathtraps into groups of foes; taunt them so that they run blindly into your snares, and even craft bombs that you can sneak into an enemy's pocket. Tick. Tock. BOOM!
Bard - Inspire your allies to perform even greater feats of magic and carnage, then pacify, confuse or lull to sleep your enemies with songs and music. Of course, you don't have to be the party's unwavering champion. You can also weave lies into your tales, which can influence the attitude of NPCs in various ways. Sing your own praises and see them cheers you; paint your friends as cowards and see them be hailed with contempt!
Unarmed Combatant - This is for the hands-on fighters that don't want to dance around their targets, but get down and dirty by going for chokeholds and body throws. Wrestle your foes with bare fists, or go for some extra piercing power with vicious knuckles and claws.
Summoning Master - To be able to summon allies is a very powerful skill, but as a master you'll be able to summon more than one extra ally. Other skills will include redirecting incoming damage to your summons; sacrificing them to heal you, or blowing them up to wreak havoc among massed enemies.
Juggernaut - If you want to role-play a bloodthirsty maniac that thrives on gore and pain, this is the one to get. Get stronger than your health drops; swing mighty great-swords or dual-wield axes; drown your enemies in spilled blood. You can even sacrifice your own hitpoints in return for massive, area-shattering blows. Beware of friendly fire though - if you even care, that is.
Guardian - A born protector, this sword 'n' board wielding warrior prioritizes a strong defense over offense. Your shield will become a wall behind which you -and your allies- can close in on the enemy unharmed. Your provocations will also turn your foes' attention toward you, but that's ok because other skills include becoming nigh invulnerable for brief amounts of time.
Alchemist - The powers of alchemy become as weapons in your hands! Throw potions like grenades; coat your weapons with poisons and curses; control clouds of steam, lightning, miasma and more; bask in the vastly superior effects of every potion you can get your hands on!
$1,000,000 Stretch Goal: Racial Skills
In Divinity: Original Sin 2, your unique origins will radically change the way you experience the world around you. Of course, since combat is one of the central ways in which you'll engage with this world, it's only sensible that your origins and your skillset should intertwine.
When we reach the $1M mark, we'll develop a set of race-specific skills, abilities, and talents reflective of each race's background and strengths.
Imagine: a Wood Elf able to summon an army of shambling trees; a Lizard recalling the devastating powers of their draconic ancestors; a Dwarf with the authority of the Empress; a human so good at pickpocketing, they can even catch their own party mates unawares...
$1,200,000 Stretch Goal: Undead Origins
In Original Sin 2, no longer will you have to be human all too human alone. You can be a dwarf too, an elf, yes even a proud lizard! But if we reach this stretchgoal, you'll be able to tell the tales of the dead with undead origins! That's right: at this point we will add the undead as a playable race, complete with origin stories. Let us give you an example! Imagine, if you will, a story that goes something like this:
Adelard has been a warrior since their early teens, first in the armies of the Divine; later as a sword for hire. There wasn't a force in the world that could best him, or so they thought! Because one day an orc with a temper did a number on them and their crew, and they ended up dead in the grass, speared through the heart.
That is how they were found by a necromancer, who, impressed by the muscle on Adelard's dead body, decided to resurrect them and use them as a puppet-warrior to do their bidding. But there is something different about undead Adelard. Unlike any other victim of necromancy, they remember who is and they know what they have become.
Horrified, disoriented, they flee from their vile enslaver and sets out on a journey home, a journey which they realise will be fraught with danger. They may be more or less welcome among the scattered bands of Black Ring, but their travels will take them through Divine Order territory where he'll be forced to mask themselves or be challenged by every Magister they meet.
All they long for now is the comfort of home, a place where they will be welcome; where they can learn to live, perhaps, with this waking nightmare. But with each step closer to their goal, doubt and fear assail them more and more. What will they say? Their wife; their mother; their brother... For who is Adelard now?
If Adelard still...
$1,350,000 Stretch Goal: Pick a Skill Tree, II
With all the fantastic skills we've dreamt up, we'll need plenty of manpower to implement them. At this mark, we'll again open up a vote to let the backers decide which other of the skill trees listed at the $700,000 tier you would like to see in the game. Voting will be done by backers after the campaign ends.
$1,500,000 Stretch Goal; The Hall of Echoes
Some Rivellonians live in fear of it; some write songs of it; others still are sent there far before their time. When we reach $1,500,000, we'll send you to the Hall of Echoes, land of the dead.
You, unique among the living, will be able to travel to and from this spirit world, where you'll uncover mysteries never before discovered by mortal eyes. You'll gain access to occult wonders, and you'll come face to face with those you've lost-- and those you've dispatched.
The best part - you'll be able to make this your home base!
And wait: we've got more good news!
Due to the high demand for some of the tiers, we've introduced a few more to give more folks a shot at the rewards they're after!
Because of this, every backer who already pledged $125 or more (i.e. the "Kickstarter Collectors Edition" tier, or any higher tier) will ALSO receive downloads of our Digital Developer's Diary materials, including design documents, notes on story and world-building, and an art pack.
And that's not all! Every backer who pledges more than $200 (i.e. the “Signed Kickstarter Collector's Edition” tier, or any higher tier) will ALSO receive a signed piece of concept art delivered to their door!
In closing...
It's been a whirlwind of a press tour in the US so far, full of fun PvP gameplay, long days, and... a whole world of technical problems. Of course, everything is funnier in retrospect, so check out the good, the bad, and the funny below:
Advertisement
Use of Cloud Computing in Small Business is important from the aspect of economy – in contrast to large firms, small firms often have little financial reserve. According to numerous media reports, cloud computing will revolutionize the PC and Internet usage in the coming years in the private and business environment. Often we read about the considerable advantages of the new approach through the use of Cloud Computing in Small Business and the enormous economic potentials from it, which are directly or indirectly said to be caused by the cloud model, especially for the small and medium businesses. In addition to the expected lower cost compared to an in-house solution, the resulting competitive advantage through technological advantage for SMEs as one of the reasons to show cloud computing as potential inventory.
But in addition to the enthusiasm for the new approach, also warning voices are loud and still Cloud Computing has existing risks and vulnerabilities as with the previous models, specially in ASP or SaaS way. With these given contradictory statements, many managers certainly find hard to keep track on what is trend and what to do. The most extensive media coverage is on cloud computing, especially in view of the enormous competition in some sectors may increase the pressure to innovate in business and thus lead to hasty decisions. This raises the question of whether the transition to the cloud model can actually lead to the competitive advantages.
Thus, the objective of this article is giving the view of the questions like what is meant by the word cloud computing and how much potential for small businesses actually exists. Along the way, opportunities and risks of cloud computing were discussed before, taking into account the cost-benefit comparison previously revealed, the evaluation can be done by any educated person – no understanding of technology will be required. All relevant links have been given as separate paragraph.
In the next phase, the organizational requirements of the company for the cloud applications are to be worn together and clarified own self by the company for the specific cloud-use. These findings will provide an outlook on the future of cloud computing for the SMEs and monetary loss can be prevented.
Use of Cloud Computing in Small Business : Abbreviations Used
ASP : Application Service Provider
CRM : Customer Relationship Management
IaaS : Infrastructure as a Service
ISP : Internet Service Providers
IT : Information Technology
SMEs : Small and Medium Enterprises
LAN : Local Area Network
PaaS : Platform as a service
RZ : Data center
SaaS : Software-as-a-Service
SLA : Service Level Agreement
SOA : Service-Oriented Architecture
TCO : Total Cost of Ownership
WAN : Wide Area Network
Advertisement ---
Use of Cloud Computing in Small Business : Citations and References
Use of Cloud Computing in Small Business : Applications
The above articles are important to read. The open networking opportunities in cloud computing is ideally suited to exploit the potential of modern industrial and organizational forms, such as when working in partnerships and corporate boundaries and locations. But, actually the use of Cloud Computing in Small Business is fully dependent on understanding the aspect of offered services – which has been discussed above.
The use of mobile workers and the resulting flexibility in the workplace and activities are further examples on the way to reduce costs and the positive social impact of such models. However, the range of available cloud services, which may also be suitable for companies, are not as wide and mature to represent all the requirements of hardware and software used today. On the other hand, it is the fact that the degree of standardization of internal processes and business applications represent another important aspect for its suitability in the cloud.
A classic example of the possible use of cloud for SMEs are already known from the consumer sector and e-services. Furthermore, providers are already developing commercial ERP software solutions, as exemplified in the new SAP-based fixed price application for the cloud application specifically for the SMEs. Next, under the SaaS providers, there is recruiting services, many are a leading provider of application management.
To the small businesses and recruiters, the cloud market offers cloud so-called “business mashups”, which can be used to assist the project.
Tagged With Business Use of Cloud Computing
This Article Has Been Shared 9553 Times! Google+ Pinterest
About Abhishek Ghosh is a Businessman, Orthopaedic Surgeon, Author and Blogger. You can keep touch with them on Google Plus - Abhishek Ghosh1 and on Twitter - @AbhishekCTRL.
Tests conclude that iPhone X screen, Face ID and glass back are vulnerable to damage if dropped, but display is ranked by experts as best ever on a smartphone
Apple's most expensive smartphone, the £999 iPhone X, is also its most fragile, according to drop and tumble testing.
Despite Apple's claims of the iPhone X having “the most durable glass ever in a smartphone”, warranty provider and habitual drop-tester SquareTrade concluded after a series of 1.8-metre (6ft) drop and tumble tests that the top-end smartphone is the “most breakable, highest-priced, most expensive to repair iPhone ever”.
Dropped on to its side from the height on to concrete, the glass of the screen of the iPhone X survived, but the display malfunctioned and the essential home swipe gesture stopped being recognised. When dropped face down from the same height, the screen's glass shattered, the display malfunctioned and Face ID stopped working, while a drop on to its back saw the rear glass shatter and splinter.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest SquareTrade's iPhone X drop tests.
Tumbled for 60 seconds in a wooden rotating box similarly shattered and splintered the back panel, but also broke the home swipe gesture and Face ID. It's worth noting that SquareTrade also found Samsung's Galaxy S8 glass to be similarly fragile, but that the screen and features continued to work with broken glass.
Technology site Cnet saw similar damage from a three-foot drop test, with glass breaking on the front and back on the iPhone X, but the screen and other bits continued to work. Others found that the iPhone X fared a little better than the larger iPhone 8 Plus in some tests, mainly around the back glass smashing.
Either way, all testers recommended immediately putting the £999 iPhone X in a protective case, particularly given repairs cost more than any other iPhone, with screen repair costing £286.44 and any other damage costing £556.44 to fix.
At the same time display testing outfit DisplayMate looked at the iPhone X's display – the first OLED screen on an Apple smartphone, and made by Samsung – concluding that not only is it the best performing display on an iPhone, but it beats the competition from Samsung's own smartphones too.
Dr Raymond M Soneira, president of DisplayMate Technologies Corporation, said: “Based on our extensive lab tests and measurements, the iPhone X becomes the best performing smartphone display that we have ever tested, earning DisplayMate's highest ever A+ grade. The iPhone X is an impressive display with close to textbook perfect calibration and performance.”
So while the iPhone X is very expensive and fragile, at least it currently has the best display on the market.
TrackBack URI ﻿
Blue Jackets Recall Monsters' Markus Hannikainen for Fourth Time
CLEVELAND – The AHL's defending Calder Cup Champions, the Cleveland Monsters, proudly powered by Constellation, announced Thursday that the NHL's Columbus Blue Jackets recalled second-year Monsters left wing Markus Hannikainen for the fourth time this season. In 23 appearances for the Monsters this year, Hannikainen ranks second on the team in goals (8) and sixth in points (13) with six penalty minutes and a +3 rating to their credit.
A 6'1”, 189 lb. left-handed native of Helsinki, Finland, Hannikainen, 23, posted a -1 rating in five appearances for the Blue Jackets this season and has a -3 rating to their credit in nine career NHL games played spanning the 2015-16 and 2016-17 campaigns, all with Columbus. An undrafted player signed by the Blue Jackets as a free agent on April 20, 2015, Hannikainen provided 15-18-33 with 26 penalty minutes and a +9 rating in 73 career AHL appearances for the Monsters dating back to last season. In 16 postseason appearances for Cleveland in 2016, Hannikainen supplied 3-7-10 with two penalty minutes and a +12 rating, helping the Monsters claim the Calder Cup as AHL Champions.
Next up for the Monsters, it's a Friday home clash vs. the Grand Rapids Griffins with full coverage, live from The Q, underway at 7:00 pm on Fox Sports Ohio, 99X and the Monsters Hockey Network.
Tickets for every Monster home game start at just $10 and are on sale now! Full and partial season ticket memberships are also available and provide you with the best seat locations, custom member benefits and the lowest ticket prices. Group outing and birthday bash packages for 10 or more people are also on sale now. All tickets can be purchased by visiting ClevelandMonsters.com, calling (216) 420-0000, visiting The Q Box Office or any Northern Ohio Discount Drug Mart. Be sure to follow the Monsters on Twitter @monstershockey, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/clevelandmonsters, and on Instagram at www.instagram.com/monstershockey.
Report Sheds Light On Dire Prison Conditions For Youth Offenders Serving Life Sentences
You probably know that the United States has more people in jail than any other country in the world. The staggering number is 2.3 million. China, which has four times as many people as the US, is a distant second with 1.6 million prisoners.
What you may not know is that the US also tops the charts in the numbers of youth offenders serving life without parole sentences in adult US prisons. The score? The world: 0; the US: 2,570.
Right. The US is only country in the world that incarcerates people in adult prisons for crimes they committed when they were below the age of 18.
Furthermore, those prisoners experience conditions that violate fundamental human rights. That's the depressing conclusion of a new study by Human Rights Watch, “Against All Odds: Prison Conditions for Youth Offenders Serving Life without Parole Sentences in the United States.”
Three months from now, in March, the US Supreme Court will consider the constitutionality of the life-without-parole sentence for youth offenders.
The 47-page report draws on six years of research, and interviews and correspondence with correctional officials and hundreds of youth offenders serving life without parole. Human Rights Watch found that nearly every youth offender serving life without parole reported physical violence or sexual abuse by other inmates or corrections officers. Nationwide statistics indicate that young prisoners serving any type of sentence in adult prison, as well as those with a slight build and low body weight, are most vulnerable to attack.
“Children who commit serious crimes and who inflict harm on others should be held accountable,” said Alison Parker, director of the US program at Human Rights Watch and co-author of the report. “But neither youth offenders, nor any other prisoner, should endure any form of physical abuse.” Most of the life-without-parole inmates have been convicted of homicide offenses.
“The penalty [of life without parole] forswears altogether the rehabilitative ideal…. For juvenile offenders, who are most in need of and receptive to rehabilitation, the absence of rehabilitative opportunities or treatment makes the disproportionality of the sentence all the more evident,” the report says.
This new research sheds light on the severity of prison conditions for those serving this sentence, Human Rights Watch said.
“Scared to death,” said a youth offender serving life without parole in California. “I was all of 5'6”, 130 pounds and they sent me to PBSP (Pelican Bay State Prison in California). I tried to kill myself because I couldn't stand what the voices in my head was saying…. ‘You're gonna get raped.' ‘You won't ever see your family again.'”
Youth offenders are serving life without parole sentences in 38 states and in federal prisons. They often enter adult prison while still children, although some have reached young adulthood by the time their trials end and they begin serving their sentences. Prison policies that channel resources to inmates who are expected to be released often result in denying youth serving life without parole opportunities for education, development, and rehabilitation, Human Rights Watch found.
Youth offenders commonly reported having thoughts of suicide, feelings of intense loneliness, or depression. Isolation was frequently compounded by solitary confinement. In the past five years, at least three youth offenders serving life without parole sentences in the United States have committed suicide.
The federal government and the states should abolish the sentence of life without parole for crimes committed by children, Human Rights Watch said. Government officials responsible for youth offenders should reform confinement conditions to accommodate their particular vulnerabilities, needs, and capacities to mature, reflect upon the harm they have caused, and change.
“Because children are different, shutting the door to growth, development, and rehabilitation turns a sentence of life without parole into a punishment of excessive cruelty,” said Parker. “Youth offenders should be given a path to rehabilitation while in prison – not forced to forfeit their future.”
Yet, lifers with the opportunity of parole (LWOP's) experience a lack of educational opportunities. “LWOPs cannot participate in many rehabilitative, educational, vocational training or other assignments available to other inmates with parole dates…. The supposed rationality is that LWOPs are beyond salvagability and would just be taking a spot away from someone who will actually return to society someday,” the report says, quoting a youth offender serving life without parole in California.
Another inmate, this one in Arkansas, told Human Rights Watch (HRW), “I would be ever grateful… for the chance to spend my life now for some good reason. I would go to the most dangerous parts of Afghanistan…or jump on the first manned mission to Mars…. if the state were to offer me some opportunity to end my life doing some good, rather than a slow-wasting plague to the world, it would be a great mercy to me.”
The HRW report said, “Our research has found that youth offenders are among the inmates most susceptible to physical and sexual assault during their incarceration. Many are placed in isolated segregation to protect them or to punish them, some spending years without any but the most fleeting human contact.
Because of their sentence, youth offenders serving life without parole face the additional burden of being classified in ways that deprive them of meaningful opportunities while in prison. Many are denied access to educational and vocational programs available to other inmates. Finally, facing violence, stultifying conditions, and the prospect of lifelong separation from family and friends, many youth offenders experience depression and intense loneliness. Failed by prison mental health services, many contemplate and attempt suicide; some succeed.”
The report found that none of the 560 youthful offenders contacted by Human Rights Watch had managed to avoid violence in prison. When prison officials tolerate such violence, it constitutes a serious human rights abuse.
Youth offenders often spend significant amounts of their time in US prisons isolated from the general prison population. Such segregation can be an attempt to protect vulnerable youth offenders from the general population, to punish infractions of prison rules, or to manage particular categories of inmates, such as alleged gang members.
Youth offenders frequently described their experience in segregation as a profoundly difficult ordeal. Life in long-term isolation usually involves segregating inmates for 23 or more hours a day in their cells. Offenders contacted by Human Rights Watch described the devastating loneliness of spending their days alone, without any human contact, except for when a guard passes them a food tray through a slot in the door, or when guards touch their wrists.
HRW makes a series of recommendations to federal, state and local judges and prison officials. All are preceded by HRW's longstanding call to state and federal governments to “abolish the life without parole sentence for all youth offenders and abolish the automatic trial of youth in adult criminal courts and their mandatory incarceration in adult prisons.”
William Fisher has managed economic development programs for the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development in the Middle East, North Africa, Latin America, Asia and elsewhere for the past 25 years. They have supervised major multi-year projects for AID in Egypt, where they lived and worked for three years. They returned later with their team to design Egypt's agricultural strategy. Fisher served in the international affairs area in the administration of President John F. Kennedy. They began their working life as a reporter and bureau chief for the Daytona Beach News-Journal and the Associated Press in Florida. They now report on a wide-range of issues for a number of online journals.
By Lawrence Davidson and Janet Amighi
Most Americans assume the United States government speaks “the truth” to its citizens and defends their constitutional right to “free speech” (be it in the form of words or dollars). On the other hand, it is always the alleged enemies of the US who indulge in propaganda and censoring of “the truth”.
Shutting down the academics
In practice it is not quite that way. Washington, and more local American governments as well, can be quite censoring. Take, for instance, the attempt to censor the boycott of Israeli academic institutions – institutions engaged in government research that facilitates illegal settlement expansion and the use of Palestinian water resources. In this case, the fact that a call for boycott is an age-old, non-violent practice also falling within the category of free speech, is mostly disregarded. Instead we get a knee-jerk impulse on the part of just about every American politician to shut down debate, even to the point where various state legislatures threatened their own state colleges and universities with a cut-off of funds if they tolerate the boycott effort on their campuses.
It is not only American academics who suffer censorship at the hands of a government that claims to defend freedom of speech. Academics of countries deemed unfriendly to the US have been subjected to the same treatment. Take, for instance, Iranian academics. US trade sanctions on Iran, put in effect in 1980, included strict curbs on academic exchanges. Later, a few in Congress managed to ease these with a “free trade in ideas” amendment, but the US Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) sabotaged the effort. That office violated the spirit of the congressional amendment by asserting that while there could now be exchanges of information with academics in sanctioned states, say, in the form of manuscripts submitted to US journals for publication, they could not be “enhanced” by such practices as editing for style purposes. Violation of this regulation could result in fines and imprisonment for journal editors. On the other hand, as far as we know, no OFAC official was ever fined, fired or imprisoned for violating the intent of Congress.
Several organizations, including the American Association of Publishers, took the US government to court over the issue in 2003. In 2004 the matter was settled out of court, granting the right of publishers to use standard editing procedures for manuscript submissions from Iran. However, the OFAC has failed to officially promulgate this change in regulations, and as a result many journal editors are ignorant of the revised regulation. Many still “play it safe” and simply return submissions from Iran marked “denied due to sanctions”.
More generally, there are now reports that the internet provider Yahoo, which is used by a 63 per cent of Iranians communicating through the world wide web, has “decided that it will not allow Iranians to create new email accounts. Cutting off access to Yahoo will require many in Iran to use the email service provided by the Iranian government – which, of course, censors communications. Yahoo thus becomes complicit in the process of censoring millions of people.
Media manipulation
Perhaps the grossest ongoing censorship of all is the culturally conditioned, narrow range of opinion fed to the vast majority of Americans by their own media. The differences in story lines and opinions in the “news” given by well-watched television channels such as ABC. CBS, NBC and CNN, or those of the nation's major newspapers and news magazines, is minuscule. One venue that stands out is Fox TV, and its “news” and opinion offerings verge on the mendacious. The narrow range of views offered creates a uniform background noise hiding most of what is at variance with the standard message. In other words, media practices constitute de facto censorship.
So well does this process work that it is probably the case that many news editors and broadcasters and most of the public taking in their reporting do not understand that their reductionism has rendered the constitutional right of free press ineffectual. Really meaningful contrary opinion and reporting (particularly of the progressive persuasion) is so infrequent and marginalized that it stands little chance of competing with the orthodox point of view.
An exception is to be found on the TV channel Comedy Central. There Americans can find the popular Daily Show with Jon Stewart. This show presents the only ongoing, nationally televised critique of the foibles of US government leaders and their policies. But, of course, it all must be done in the form of comical political satire.
As successful as media conditioning is, some elements of the US government feel they must go the extra mile to guarantee that the public receives an acceptable view of events. Take the revelations given in a recent report by Amnesty International on the trial of the so-called Cuban Five (five Cuban residents of Florida arrested for espionage on the part of the Cuban government). Amnesty's official report on the trial of the five defendants alleges that “the United States [government] paid journalists hostile to Cuba to cover the trial and provide prejudicial articles in the local media asserting the guilt of the accused”. Under such circumstances the “free press” was transformed into a vehicle for government propaganda and this, in turn, helped to generally devalue the right of free speech. We do not know how often the government acts in this corruptive way.
Et Tu, Obama
In a report issued late in 2013 by the Committee to Protect Journalists, President Obama, a liberal within our political spectrum, has been accused of pressuring journalists to tow the line. They have done this by “attacking sources, conducting surveillance, creating a climate of fear, and prosecuting double the amount of cases for alleged leaks of classified information as all previous administrations combined”.
As a consequence, the global index on media freedom issued annually by the conservative Freedom House alleges that in 2014 the US suffered a sharp erosion of press freedom and the right of the citizen to know what theirs or their country is doing. The report cites “attempts by the government to inhibit reporting on national security issues” as a major reason for this situation.
At the same time, President Obama makes speeches critiquing foreign governments, such as that in Egypt, for limiting freedom of the press and speech. There is no doubt that the governments they targets are guilty of gross violation of these rights and many more besides. But what is equally true is that the vast majority of Americans can listen to the president castigate these governments with no sense of cognitive dissonance. They do not know that they too are victims of propaganda and manipulation. How could they? They are culturally conditioned to believe that their country is the foundation of freedom and truth. And, beyond their local area, they haven't the knowledge, or often the interest, to fact-check what their leaders and media agents tell them. That is why it is accurate to describe the US information environment as closed.
Censorship ubiquitous
Actually, there is nothing particularly unique about the self-censoring environment under which Americans live. All states and cultures, to one extent or another, practice this sort of manipulation of the information environment whereby reality is distorted. Thus we can ask, is the United States the great defender of its own constitutional freedoms? It is when it suits the purposes of policymakers. When it doesn't, hypocrisy prevails. The system is successful because all but a few people are culturally conditioned not to notice or care. Such a manipulative process as this at once helps keep societies cohesive and at the same time creates the conditions wherein hate is easily bred and vast numbers are made willing to charge enemy machine guns.
Those who see through their conditioning and manipulation are, if you will, cultural mistakes. They are also the human race's best, albeit slim, hope for a saner, more tolerant world.
Story highlights A top Army general calls the charges "the first step in a long process"
Sgt. Bales faces 17 murder counts, which are eligible for the death penalty
They also face 6 counts of attempted murder and 2 counts of assault
The Taliban vow revenge, saying they believe U.S. courts are "not reliable"
Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales could be sentenced to death if convicted on any of the 17 counts of murder filed against them Friday for allegedly embarking on a bloody shooting rampage in Afghan villages, the U.S. military said.
In addition to the charges of murder "with premeditation," the 38-year-old faces six counts of attempted murder and two counts of assault.
Authorities say Bales left a remote outpost in Kandahar province's Panjwai district early March 11 and went house-to-house, gunning down villagers. U.S. and Afghan officials initially said 16 people died in those attacks.
Col. Gary Kolb, a spokesperson with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force, on Friday said only that investigators assigned to the case felt they had evidence to charge Bales with 17 counts of murder. There was no immediate indication as to where the other fatality came from, besides the fact it was an an adult, and Afghan government officials in Kabul have said they have no record of another death.
The six people wounded in the shootings are four children, one woman and one man, according to the charge sheet against Bales. Two of those have been released from a hospital, said Ahmad Javed Faisal, a Kandahar provincial government spokesperson.
JUST WATCHED How many U.S. troops in Afghanistan? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How many U.S. troops in Afghanistan? 02:10
JUST WATCHED Afghan shooting suspect is in 'shock' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Afghan shooting suspect is in 'shock' 01:47
JUST WATCHED Gupta: Predatory action unusual for PTSD Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gupta: Predatory action unusual for PTSD 03:13
At the minimum, Bales would be sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole if he's convicted on even one of the 17 murder charges, according to a statement from the U.S. Forces-Afghanistan public affairs office. At the maximum, they could face the death penalty.
Prosecutors could levy more charges "as they see fit," said a defense official with knowledge of the charges preferred.
"The Army investigators are still working," the official said. "There is no requirement to 'lock in' to certain charges at this point."
The Taliban, in an e-mail Friday to CNN, vowed "strong revenge" for the attacks and claimed justice won't be served in U.S. courts, which they said "are not reliable." The Islamic fundamentalist group, which been battling coalition and Afghan government forces for years, believes that "tens of American soldiers, and not one person" are responsible for the killings, according to the message.
"We don't believe in these (American) courts and reject the decision," the Taliban said. "We will take practical revenge on every single American soldier."
Bales, who was returned to the United States last week, is being held at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
Speaking from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state, where Bales are assigned, Army Gen. Lloyd Austin called the developments Friday -- in which U.S. military lawyers in Afghanistan "preferred" the charges -- "the first step in a long process that's going to occur."
The case is now in the hands of the special convening authority, Col. Kenneth Kamper from the 17th Fires Brigade. As a I Corps unit leader who is still at Lewis-McChord, Kamper handles courts-martial issues regarding Corps members, according to base spokesperson Joe Piek.
Bales' case could go straight to an Article 32 hearing -- a military hybrid of a civilian preliminary hearing and a grand jury session that Austin, the Army's vice chief of staff, acknowledged has "challenges associated with it." Or Bales could go before a group of mental health experts who would determine whether their mental health may be a factor in their defense.
Jeffery King, a military defense lawyer, told CNN on Friday that they expected "the mental status of ... Bales will be the overriding factor in this case" -- including both their state of mind at the time of the attack, and whether he's mentally competent to stand trial.
Eventually, after gathering prosecution and defense testimony, Kamper will recommend what charges should be pursued to a higher-ranking general convening authority, in this case Maj. Gen. Lloyd Miles. As deputy commanding general for I Corps, Miles is taking on this duty while the corps' commanding general, Lt. Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti, is deployed, Piek said.
Miles is expected to offer their own recommendation on whether the case should go to trial and, if so, on what charges and whether a death penalty should be a possible sentence.
If and when the case comes to trial, Bales' lawyer, John Henry Browne, said, it is going to be "extremely difficult" for the prosecution.
"They have no murder scene, no forensics," the lawyer said Thursday night outside their Seattle office. "I'm going to make them prove every claim."
Military law experts acknowledge that proving the case may be difficult, especially given that there are no autopsies to help prove the cause of death -- in part because those killed were buried quickly, in accordance with Islamic tradition -- and difficulty in getting witnesses to testify.
Afghans are insisting that the suspect be returned to Afghanistan to face trial, with villagers and lawmakers questioning the U.S. military's account of what happened. But a military official in Afghanistan has said that Bales will be tried in the United States.
Kolb, the ISAF spokesperson, said that defense attorneys would need coalition forces' protection if they choose to investigate in Afghanistan. They note that the Taliban "has already taken some potshots at Afghan investigators that went to the area."
Still, Kolb said witnesses may not necessarily have to fly to the United States to testify as they could speak via teleconference. And Gary Solis, a former U.S. Marine Corps lawyer and current Georgetown professor, told CNN that any bullet rounds recovered from the scene could be matched with Bales' weapon -- assuming it was "immediately seized" -- which would serve as "powerful evidence for the government."
Lance Rosen, the lawyer for Bales' wife, Karilyn, said Bales did not surrender to U.S. authorities, as some have reported. Rather, Rosen said, Bales was taken into custody, though they aren't sure why.
Asked about Bales' state of mind, Browne said on "CBS This Morning" on Friday that their client hasn't said much in their meetings and appears to have memory problems predating the incident.
"He has some memories about what happened before the alleged event and some memories after the alleged event and some windows here and there into things, but they really doesn't have any memory," Browne said. "He's kind of in shock."
Bales told their wife, in the first of two phone conversations they had since they were detained, that something had happened and they didn't know what it was, according to Rosen.
Browne told CBS that "The Hurt Locker," the acclaimed 2008 film about a bomb disposal unit in the Iraq war, is a "Disney movie compared to what these guys are going through."
"Just seeing people blown apart ... picking up body parts, putting them in bags," they said. "You know, a lot of servicemen go through that and don't have incidents alleged like this, but it's pretty horrific. We do know they had a concussive head injury, which is serious. We also know it was not treated for a variety of reasons."
Another member of Bales' defense team, Emma Scanlan, said Friday that she'd spoken recently with Bales, and they are "holding up."
"He's concerned about the welfare of their family, first and foremost, and the safety of the people who are on the ground in Afghanistan," Scanlan said of the father of two.
The massacre has strained already tense U.S.-Afghan relations and intensified a debate about whether to pull American troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal. Afghan President Hamid Karzai has demanded that troops withdraw from villages in their nation and return to their larger bases, saying relations between the two countries are "at the end of their rope."
CNN legal contributor and defense attorney Paul Callan said on CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront" that they believe prosecutors will seek the death penalty against Bales "because this is one of the biggest alleged massacres in memory."
"You have the diplomatic and political problems that are being caused by this crime," Callan said. "Afghan citizens will be looking, saying, 'Is the U.S. seeking justice in this case?' "
But they said that even if prosecutors won a death sentence, it is unlikely that Bales would be executed for years, if not decades.
Accounts from the military, Bales' family, friends and neighbors describe a man who remained committed to serving their country despite wounds they received during three previous combat tours to Iraq, including a traumatic brain injury suffered during a vehicle accident.
But Michael Breen, a former Army captain, said the speculation about whether their injuries or a possible undiagnosed case of post-traumatic stress disorder contributed to Bales' actions is unfair to other veterans.
"Sgt. Bales has been through a lot as a soldier. Many of us have," Breen said. "That is certainly no explanation or excuse for the gross violation of their code of honor, to say the least, and the horrific crimes that they committed."
ST. PETERSBURG, FL — Residents throughout the Tampa Bay area and beyond will get a chance to check out some of the Gulf Coast's most popular museums at no cost this Saturday, Sept. 24. That's the day venues across the country open their doors at no charge during Smithsonian magazine's Museum Day Live event.
All visitors to participating museums need to do to take advantage of the offer is print out tickets online from the Smithsonian's website. Each ticket is good for admission for two people and is valid only for the museum selected. Participants are allowed only one set of tickets.
The Tampa Bay History Center is a regular participant in the annual event. It usually pulls out the stops to have living history reenactors on hand to bring history to life for visitors. This year is no different.
According to the history center, World War I reenactors will be at the museum Saturday "in recognition of the 100th anniversary of America's involvement in that conflict." In addition, the center's current traveling exhibit, "Preserving Eden: The Florida Photographs of Clyde Butcher," will be on display.
Museum Day Live "is an annual celebration of boundless curiosity hosted by Smithsonian magazine," the event's website explains.
The following museums in the Tampa Bay area are taking part in this year's event:
St. Petersburg
Museum of Fine Arts, 255 Beach Drive, N.E.
The Florida Holocaust Museum, 55 Fifth St. S.
Florida CraftArt, 501 Central Ave.
Tampa
Cracker Country, 4800 Highway 301 N.
Tampa Bay History Center, 801 Old Water St.
Tampa Museum of Art, 120 W. Gasparilla Plaza
Ybor City Museum State Park, 1818 E. 9th Avenue
Henry B. Plant Museum, 401 W. Kennedy Blvd.
Florida Museum of Photographic Arts, 400 N. Ashley Drive, Cube 200
Sarasota
The Ringling, 5401 Bay Shore Road
Bradenton
South Florida Museum, 201 10th St. W.
Tarpon Springs
Leepa-Rattner Museum of Art, 600 Klosterman Road
Lakeland
Polk Museum of Art, 800 E. Palmetto St.
Explorations V Children's Museum, 109 N. Kentucky Ave.
Largo
Armed Forces History Museum, 2050 34th Way N.
Dunedin
Dunedin Historical Museum, 349 Main St.
For more information on Museum Day Live or to get free tickets, visit Smithsonian magazine online.
Photo courtesy of the Tampa Bay History Center
As part of Fox News' eager coverage of the recent “range war” showdown over Cliven Bundy's cattle grazing rights in Nevada, the network broadcast a segment from the scene Monday that was remarkable both for the reporters' seeming embrace of the far-right antigovernment “Patriot” movement and for its subjects' startling clarity on their strategy for confronting federal agents: using women as human shields.
Richard Mack, the erstwhile Arizona sheriff and longtime figure in the Patriot movement, was at the scene. They told Fox reporter William LaJeunesse that the people who gathered there to stop law enforcement from rounding up the illegally grazing cattle – which had grown to hundreds by the time the Bureau of Land Management caved in and returned many of the cattle – were prepared to lay their lives on the line in standing up to the government. Or more precisely:
We were actually strategizing to put all the women up at the front. If they're going to start shooting, it's going to be women that are televised all across the world getting shot by these rogue federal officers.
Mack's radical Posse-Comitatus-based ideology , which claims that county sheriffs are the higest constitutional level of law enforcement, lines up nicely with Cliven Bundy's antigovernment views . That explains why Mack has taken a lead role in helping promote Bundy's cause in far-right media circles.
Monday's Fox News segment, hosted by Gretchen Carlson, was also noteworthy for LaJeunesse's characterization of the situation, which seemed to embrace the Patriot ideology:
And you know, it was those protesters and sympathizers, self-described Patriots, who provided Cliven Bundy the leverage they needed to get their cattle back, and to get the BLM to back off. Indeed, they were also backed up by many Second Amendment supporters, who were a well-armed militia, with assault rifles and handguns, who were prepared to respond to any assault or use of force, if you will, by BLM agents.
So you had the tensions mounting when these protesters went to I-15, closed down the road. When cowboys went down and tried to get the cattle back, they surrounded these BLM agents, confronting them, who were guarding the cattle inside holding pens. Now, above and around were marksmen in sniper positions. A retired Arizona sheriff worried about what was going to happen next.
LaJeunesse also explained to their audience: “Bundy says that they don't recognize federal authority here, that their grazing rights predate and preclude federal authority in this area.”
However, they neglected to mention that Bundy has tested those claims in multiple court cases and has lost at every step, leading to the court order authorizing BLM to round up their trespassing cattle on federal lands.
Associated Press EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt can advance their anti-environmental agenda by replacing a third of their Science Advisory Board with climate science deniers and industry apologists. The public comment period on nominees ends this Thursday.
A third of the Environmental Protection Agency's Science Advisory Board, an influential panel that reviews the science the agency uses in formulating safeguards, could be succeeded by climate science-denying, polluter-friendly replacements when their terms expire at the end of this month.
The board, which has been in existence for nearly 40 years, is traditionally populated by bona fide scientists from academia, government and industry who volunteer to serve three-year terms. This time around, as first reported by E&E News, at least a dozen of the 132 candidates vying for one of the 15 open seats reject mainstream climate science. But that's not all. There are at least 10 other equally inappropriate candidates on the list, and not all of them are scientists, despite the fact that it's supposed to be a panel of science advisers.
Among the 12 climate science deniers are Weather Channel co-founder Joseph D'Aleo, who wrongly claims global warming is due to natural oceanic, solar and volcanic cycles; and former Peabody Energy science director Craig Idso, now chairperson of their family's Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change, who insists “there is no compelling reason to believe that the rise in [average earth] temperature was caused by the rise in carbon dioxide.” D'Aleo, Idso and six of the other climate-fact-challenged candidates are affiliated with the fossil fuel industry-funded Heartland Institute, which has a long history of misrepresenting science.
The other 10 unsuitable candidates consistently side with industry when it comes to protecting the public from toxic hazards, regardless of the scientific evidence, and falsely accuse the EPA of being unscientific to try to undermine its credibility.
Soot Makes You Live Longer
One of the 10, toxicologist Michael Honeycutt, failed to secure a seat on the EPA's seven-member Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee when they were nominated for one last fall — with good reason. Over the last decade, Honeycutt, who heads the toxicology division of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, rolled back the state's relatively weak protections for 45 toxic chemicals, including arsenic, benzene, formaldehyde and hexavalent chromium, the carcinogen that made Erin Brockovich a household name.
Honeycutt also has attacked EPA rules for ground-level ozone (smog), which aggravates lung diseases, and particulate matter (PM) (soot), which has been linked to lung cancer, cardiovascular damage, reproductive problems and premature death. In October 2014, Honeycutt argued that there would be “little to no public health benefit from lowering the current [ozone] standard” because “most people spend more than 90 percent of their time indoors” and “systems such as air conditioning remove it from indoor air.” And despite the overwhelming scientific evidence directly linking fine soot particles to premature death, Honeycutt testified before Congress in June 2012 that “some studies even suggest PM makes you live longer.”
Better Living Through Chemistry
Another industry-friendly nominee, Kimberly White, is senior director of chemical products at the American Chemistry Council (ACC), the country's largest chemical manufacturing trade association. Representing the interests of 155 corporate members, including chemical companies Dow, DuPont and Olin; pharmaceutical firms Bayer, Eli Lilly and Merck; and petrochemical conglomerates BP, ExxonMobil and Shell, the ACC has delayed, weakened and blocked science-based health, environmental and workplace protections at the state, national and even international levels.
For example, the ACC has lobbied against establishing federal rules on silica dust exposure and disclosing the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing. It has been instrumental in limiting community access to information about local chemical plants. And it has played a key role in quashing government efforts to regulate bisphenol A (BPA), an endocrine-disrupting chemical used in plastics and can linings; flame retardants, which have been linked to birth defects and cancer; and formaldehyde, a known carcinogen. White downplayed formaldehyde's risks in a September 2016 blog on the ACC website.
The ACC also lobbies to weaken existing environmental safeguards. In written testimony for a House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing last February, for example, White charged that the EPA uses irrelevant or outdated data and procedures when drafting new regulations.
Who Needs a Cleaner Environment?
Finally, three of the pro-polluter candidates are economists with a distinct corporate tilt: Richard Belzer, whose clients include the American Chemistry Council and ExxonMobil Biomedical Sciences; Tony Cox, whose clients include the America Petroleum Institute, Chemical Manufacturers Association and Monsanto; and John D. Graham, dean of Indiana University's School of Public and Environmental Affairs, who is currently doing contract work for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers on fuel economy standards and the libertarian Searle Freedom Trust on regulatory “reform.” All three emphasize the cost to industry to reduce pollution, discount scientific evidence of the risk of exposure, and ignore the benefits of a cleaner environment.
Perhaps the best known is Graham, who ran the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) for five years during the George W. Bush administration. Their appointment to that position was hotly contested because in their previous job, directing the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis, they routinely understated the dangers of products manufactured by the center's corporate sponsors by using questionable cost-benefit analyses.
As predicted, Graham applied that same simplistic, industry-friendly calculus at OIRA, which oversees all government rulemaking, and at the tail end of their tenure in 2006, they unsuccessfully attempted to standardize risk assessments across all federal agencies. Public interest groups and the scientific community, spearheaded by the American Association for the Advancement of Science, came out in full force against the idea, and a National Research Council (NRC) committee unanimously rejected it as “fundamentally flawed.”
“Economists like Graham are frustrated because the EPA has been conservative about risk,” said Center for Progressive Reform co-founder Rena Steinzor, who wrote a stinging indictment of Graham's government-wide proposal in a May 2006 issue of Inside EPA's Risk Policy Report. “The EPA gives more margin to safety. That drives economists crazy. They think it leads to over-protection. But there are not many examples of chemicals that turn out to be less harmful than we thought.”
Foxes Advising the Foxes in the Henhouse?
Putting climate science deniers and industry apologists on the EPA Science Advisory Board (SAB) would not only undercut the panel's legitimacy, it also would provide cover for the corporate shills now in key positions at the agency, starting with Administrator Scott Pruitt, who has the final say on who is selected, and Nancy Beck, a deputy assistant administrator who most recently worked for the American Chemistry Council, and before that, for Graham at OMB.
“The Science Advisory Board has been providing independent advice to the EPA for decades, ensuring that the agency uses the best science to protect public health and the environment,” said Genna Reed, a policy analyst at the Union of Concerned Scientists. “SAB members have always been eminent scientists who are committed to the often-challenging public service of working through complex scientific topics to help guide EPA decision-making. They are the EPA's scientific compass. The agency's mission to safeguard our air and water will be further compromised if Administrator Pruitt winds up selecting these unacceptable candidates.”
Elliott Negin is a senior writer at the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Get involved! Submit a comment to EPA by Thursday!
You can submit comments about the EPA Scientific Advisory Board nominees by email to Designated Federal Officer Thomas Carpenter no later than close of business on Thursday, September 28, at carpenter.thomas@epa.gov. (Note that public comments are subject to release under the Freedom of Information Act.)
Tell the EPA that the following candidates are unacceptable for the Science Advisory Board:
Climate-science-denier nominees: Edwin Berry, Alan Carlin, Joseph D'Aleo, Keven Dayaratna, Paul Dreissen, Gordon Fulks, Craig Idso, Richard Keen, David LeGates, Anthony Lupo, David Stevenson and H. Leighton Steward.
The Dow crossed the psychologically important 11,000 mark as investors anticipated the weak jobs report will prompt the Federal Reserve to spur economic growth.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose about 50 points. While it slipped back below 11,000, it reached that level Friday morning for the first time since May 4. The highest close for the Dow this year was on April 26, when the Dow reached 11,205.
Alcoa and Caterpillar rose, while Verizon and Kraft fell.
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq rose. The CBOE Volatility Index, widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, fell to above 21.
Materials, consumer discretionary and industrials sectors rose, while telecom fell.
The U.S. dollar was down slightly against a basket of currencies on Friday, while gold continued to rise.
U.S. nonfarm payrolls fell 95,000 last month, more than expected, mainly due to the loss of government jobs. Private sector jobs rose by 64,000, less than expected. The unemployment rate remains unchanged at 9.6 percent.
Some traders believe the weak report increases the possibility the Federal Reserve will pump more money into the financial system—known as quantitative easing—to help spur growth after a weak jobs report.
"The twisted irony is this should be perceived as a negative, but Wall Street is banking on heavy Fed involvement to help push stocks higher for the rest of the year," said Todd M. Schoenberger, managing director LandColt Trading.
"The issue isn't if the Fed is going to make a move, but how much," Schoenberger said.
Most market participants believe the Fed will buy $500 billion in assets, they added. That would lead to a 0.5 to 1.5 percent increase in GDP, ensuring GDP will hit the important threshold of 2.5 percent to maintain a level rate of employment.
"Clearly that will help the economy recover," Schoenberger said. "Any number south of that, you'll have a problem."
One piece of bad news in the employment data was the rise in private payrolls was due to increases in two areas: services and health care, said Doug Roberts, chief investment strategist at Channel Capital Research.com.
"If all job growth is coming out of that, it doesn't speak well to a robust economy," Roberts said.
The data not only increases the likelihood the Fed will act, it increases the possibility Republicans will win big in November, Roberts said. More Republicans in Congress is likely to create grid-lock, which markets tend to prefer, since it means less change.
Shares of Alcoa soared after the aluminimum producer reported third-quarter profit rose above Wall Street expectations after the bell on Thursday. Alcoa also issued an upbeat outlook, raising its forecast for global aluminum demand this year to 13 percent from 12 percent.
Hedge-fund manager Pershing Square Capital Mangaement has reportedly bought an 11 percent stake in Fortune Brands , as well as 16.5 percent stake in JP Penney. Both stocks soared on the news.
Netflix shares were lower after speculation an initial public offering for Hulu could raise $200 million to $300 million.
In the tech sector, KLA-Tencor and Applied Materials fell after reports the semiconductor equipment makers were downgraded by Deutsche Bank. The brokerage also reportedly downgraded the Semicap Equipment sector to "sell," saying fundamentals of the business were weakening.
Amazon.com will open an applications store that runs on Google's mobile Android platform, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Amazon.com's entry into the mobile-applications marketplace would open a new battlefield with Apple, the paper said.
Bank of America raised its price target for Apple to $400 a share from $360, while Oppenheimer raised its price target to $345 from $330, and said it would buy the stock ahead of fourth-quarter earnings.
Shares of Motorola, meanwhile, fell after Citigroup cut the telecom company to "hold" from "buy."
Among financials, Bank of America was higher after announcing it would halt foreclosures in all 50 states. Also, PNC Financial said it would stop sales of foreclosed homes in 23 states for 30 days, according to the New York Times.
An expected decline in corn stocks due to weather conditions over the summer was putting pressure on feed stocks, including Smithfield Foods, Pilgrim's Pride and Tyson Foods .
Schlumberger shares were slightly higher despite news the U.S. Department of Justice has started an investigation into whether oilfield service provider Schlumberger paid bribes to a consulting firm that had ties with Yemen's government, The Wall Street Journal reported.
Shares of Coca-Cola and Pepsi were both slightly lower after Coke was reinstated as a "buy" and Pepsi was removed from the "conviction buy" list at Goldman Sachs.
In M&A news, Sanofi-Aventis, dismissed suggestions by bid target Genzyme that it had opened the door to paying a higher price for the US biotech company.
In other economic news, wholesale trade was up 0.8 percent in August, more than expected.
In other economic news, investors will be looking out for remarks by policymakers at a meeting of IMF/G7 officials which starts on Friday and will address rising tension over currency policies.
Hours before the gathering kicked off, Japan's finance minister warned that the country will continue to intervene in foreign exchange marketswhen deemed necessary. The Japanese authorities, who are worried a strong yen will hit the country's export sector, intervened in the market for the first time in six years last month.
On Tap Today:
FRIDAY:NY Comic Con; IMF, World Bank annual meetings
More From CNBC.com:
November 5, 2017
By Bruce Anderson & David Coletto
Halfway between the 2015 and the 2019 elections and with two new opposition party leaders, it's a useful moment to take stock of what people know and perceive about the three individuals leading Canada's largest political parties.
Here are the highlights:
Mr. Trudeau is obviously better known than their rivals, and 84% say they have a very good idea or a pretty good idea of what kind of person and leader they are. For Mr. Scheer, the comparative number is 28% and for Mr. Singh 22%.
When we compare what people say they know about the three main leaders today compared to what people said they knew at the start of the 2015 election, both Mr. Scheer and Mr. Singh are well off where the two opposition leaders were at the start of the last federal election.
Heading into the 2015 campaign, Mr. Harper was very well known having been prime minister for almost a decade but so too was Mr. Trudeau and Mr. Mulcair with at least a majority of respondents saying they had at least a pretty good idea about what kind of person and leader they both were.
Mr. Trudeau has established a largely positive reputation. 48% say they have a positive view of the PM, 31% negative. For Mr. Scheer, results are 16% positive, 20% negative. For Mr. Singh: 17% positive; 18% negative.
For both opposition leaders, the numbers are both good news in that they start with no strong negatives, but they do face a challenge because they need to attract attention in a cluttered communications market where it is arguably harder than ever to grow a share of voice. But both have much more neutral and undefined images than when Mr. Mulcair and Mr. Trudeau were elected their party's leaders in 2012 and 2013 respectively.
A few months after Mr. Mulcair became NDP leader in March 2012, they had a greater profile than Mr. Singh. 36% had a positive impression of Mr. Mulcair while 21% viewed them negatively.
Similarly, a few months after Mr. Trudeau became Liberal leader in April 2013, 40% viewed them positively compared with 26% who had a negative impression of the new Liberal leader.
When we ask respondents to rate how well a number of words and terms describe each party leader, Mr. Scheer's strongest positive attributes are “smart, principled, and a leader”. Their least favourable ratings are “tough, interesting, and understands people like you.”
For Mr. Singh the top positives are “smart, good heart, principled and interesting” while the less favourable numbers are for “good ideas, tough, understands people like you”.
Mr. Trudeau's top marks are “good heart, smart, interesting” while their weaker ratings are for “tough and understands people like you.”
Comparing the image of Mr. Trudeau to their two competitors reveals that they have an advantage on all of the items, which has to do with the fact that they are better known, but also relatively well liked as political leaders go.
Of note: Mr. Scheer trails both the others on “interesting, smart and good heart” and Mr. Singh trails both the others on “understands people like you”. On most other items the gaps between the two opposition party leaders is slight.
Looking at only Millennials (those born between 1980 and 2000) who will make up the largest generation in the electorate in 2019, Mr. Scheer trails Mr. Trudeau and Mr. Singh on almost all attributes. The largest gap is on people feeling they have a good heart, is interesting, and is ethical.
Among women, the gap between Mr. Trudeau and the two opposition leaders are similar on most attributes except for “interesting” where Mr. Scheer trails both Mr. Trudeau and Mr. Singh and “understands people like you” where Mr. Singh trails both Mr. Trudeau and Mr. Scheer.
We also asked whether Andrew Scheer was seen in a more positive light than Stephen Harper on a range of attributes. On several of the items tested, there was a mild tendency to see Mr. Scheer as a better choice than Mr. Harper: especially on being open and approachable, having a different approach to politics, ideas and vision for Canada. The only area where Mr. Harper was seen as better was in terms of “how strong a leader they are”, but the gap is slight.
When we look at only those who currently say they would vote Conservative, Mr. Scheer is viewed as better than Mr. Harper on all the attributes we tested, especially when it comes to how approachable and open they are, their approach to politics generally, their vision for Canada, and the ideas they have for Canada.
Among those who would support another party or are currently undecided, views are more muted. Mr. Scheer is perceived to be better than Mr. Harper when it comes to how approachable and open they are while doing worse when it comes to how strong a leader they are. For most other attributes, non-Conservative supports don't see much difference between the two or are unsure.
These results demonstrate that one of Mr. Harper's perceived shortcomings as a leader was their lack openness and approachability. So far, those paying attention to Mr. Scheer's actions in Ottawa are noticing an improvement on this front.
UPSHOT
According to Bruce Anderson: “How people feel about opposition leaders today is not always relevant to how they will be perceived in two years – and Justin Trudeau is a case that makes that point very vividly. At the same time, these numbers show that Mr. Trudeau remains a highly valuable asset for their party – their personal reputation is strong and includes good regard for their empathy as well as their brainpower.
For their opponents, there are no big negatives to be concerned about, although Mr. Scheer may reflect on the challenge of becoming better known and the need to be seen as “interesting”.
That all three leaders get weaker marks for “understands people like you” may be a reflection of the fact that many voters doubt that any leader can really get their experience. That all three get weaker marks for being ‘tough' may be a reflection of the fact that voters are putting less emphasis on this attribute and parties are choosing leaders who reflect a stronger emphasis on “good heart”.
According to David Coletto: “There's still a lot of time for Mr. Scheer and Mr. Singh to introduce themselves to Canadians and offer an alternative to Prime Minister Trudeau. But the data suggests they have some catching up to do if we compare them to recent newly elected opposition leaders.
Since leadership is such an important factor in vote choice, building a positive, well-known brand is vital in politics today. Certainly, election campaigns have the tendency to change the public's knowledge and perception of leaders. Comparisons are starker and voters pay greater attention to the choices on offer. However, the pre-election period is still important in shaping opinions, defining the criteria by which voters will assess leadership attributes, and affecting the number of voters accessible to a party.
What's clear in this data is that Mr. Trudeau has a head start in terms of awareness and image. For me, their greatest asset remains the fact that most Canadians believe they have a good heart, is interesting, and they are accessible. If voters believe you are open-minded and have the best intentions than they will forgive you when you make mistakes or decisions they disagree with. If you're interesting, they will pay attention when you speak or share your views.
It's also clear that Mr. Scheer faces a challenge in competing with two leaders who are viewed as more “interesting” than him, especially when we consider the perceptions of millennials, whose influence on Canadian politics will continue to grow. Getting noticed is half the battle these days.”
METHODOLOGY
Our survey was conducted online with 1,500 Canadians aged 18 and over between October 20th to October 23rd, 2017. A random sample of panelists was invited to complete the survey from a large representative panel of over 500,000 Canadians.
The Marketing Research and Intelligence Association policy limits statements about margins of sampling error for most online surveys. The margin of error for a comparable probability-based random sample of 1,500 is +/- 2.5%, 19 times out of 20.
The data were weighted according to census data to ensure that the sample matched Canada's population according to age, gender, educational attainment, and region. Totals may not add up to 100 due to rounding.
ABACUS DATA INC.
We offer global research capacity with a strong focus on customer service, attention to detail and value-added insight. Our team combines the experience of our Chairman Bruce Anderson, one of Canada's leading research executives for two decades, with the energy, creativity and research expertise of CEO David Coletto, Ph.D.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 29, 2015, 6:05 PM GMT / Updated April 29, 2015, 9:02 PM GMT / Source: NBC News By Nikita Japra and Maggie Fox
Three small children with weak airways that were constantly collapsing are alive and well thanks to a “4-D” printed splint that saved them from almost certain suffocation.
Three years after the splints were custom made and attached to their tracheas, the children are able to breathe on their own, a team of doctors reported on Wednesday. The splints are not only precisely fitted to the children, but they're made to grow as the children grow. (That's the fourth dimension, the researchers say.)
Now they want to try their method in kids who are not so close to death, to see if the lab-printed splint can help them, also.
“Today, we see a way to cure a disease that has been killing children for generations,” said Dr. Glenn Green of the University of Michigan, who helped lead the work.
The children all had a condition called tracheobronchomalacia. It makes their airway walls weak and prone to collapse.
“Today, we see a way to cure a disease that has been killing children for generations."
“It's hard to convey how very sick these children were,” Green told reporters. “All of these children had been in the intensive care unit for several months. They all had tracheostomies where breathing tubes were placed in their necks.”
To tolerate this, these very small children were sedated, and sometimes even given paralyzing drugs to hold them still.
A central Florida teacher faces multiple charges after deputies say four of their ninth-grade students saw pornography on their cellphone.A Polk County Sheriff's Office news release says the incident happened Wednesday afternoon in 47-year-old Vadi Velez-Gonzalez's intensive reading class at Mulberry High School. The school district placed them on leave Friday, and they were arrested Monday.The news release says a student went to the teacher's desk to ask a question and saw a face-up iPhone with a website showing adult male pornography. Three other students saw it and reported it to school officials.Velez-Gonzalez is charged with four counts of showing obscene material to a minor.Records don't indicate whether they have hired a lawyer to contact for comment on the case.Most watched: Students sent home early from school for unusual reason
A central Florida teacher faces multiple charges after deputies say four of their ninth-grade students saw pornography on their cellphone.
A Polk County Sheriff's Office news release says the incident happened Wednesday afternoon in 47-year-old Vadi Velez-Gonzalez's intensive reading class at Mulberry High School. The school district placed them on leave Friday, and they were arrested Monday.
Advertisement
The news release says a student went to the teacher's desk to ask a question and saw a face-up iPhone with a website showing adult male pornography. Three other students saw it and reported it to school officials.
Velez-Gonzalez is charged with four counts of showing obscene material to a minor.
Records don't indicate whether they have hired a lawyer to contact for comment on the case.
Most watched: Students sent home early from school for unusual reason
AlertMe
Russian government hackers have taken control over our power grid! Oh, wait … no … never mind. A laptop not connected to the power grid at all had some malware on it that does not appear to be connected to the Russian government after all.
You'll be forgiven for having ignored this final absurd international cybersecurity story of 2016 in favor of celebrating the passing of a year many folks couldn't wait to see end. On Friday evening, The Washington Post reported that hackers connected to the Russian government had penetrated the United States electrical grid through a Vermont power company, and the culprits were the same hacking group President Barack Obama's administration had associated with getting the release of internal emails from the Democratic National Committee.
The story spread like wildfire through social media, particularly among those unhappy with President-Elect Donald Trump's warm relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin and their open skepticism of federal intelligence reports. Except the story turned out to be wildly inaccurate. Very quickly it turned out that the infected computer was not connected to the power grid and that the hackers (Russian or otherwise) did not gain access to the power plant. And by Monday, The Washington Post had reported that it didn't even appear that Russian hackers were even involved.
The Post relied on anonymous government sources for its reporting, and when dealing with cybersecurity and tech issues there are so many opportunities for information to go awry. Relying on anonymous information from intel officials deliberately trying to shield themselves from taking responsibility for such leaks is a bad idea. In fairness to the Post, it very quickly corrected its mistakes, though it came after the story spread far and wide.
It's very easy—and relevant—to look at what happened with this report and reflect back on the insistence from government sources that Saddam Hussein was hoarding weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. Trump themselves pointed this comparison out even before Friday's news blitz, attempting to shield themselves from criticism for any connection to the DNC hack.
America went to war over WMDs and many, many people died, Americans and Iraqis (and others). It seems unlikely that a response as extreme would happen between the U.S. and Russia, even had Hillary Clinton won instead of Trump. Nevertheless, we should all be very concerned at the possibility of not just history repeating, but for both media outlets and government intelligence officials to repeat their roles in helping make it happen.
It's so easy to screw up reporting on cybersecurity (CNN was roundly mocked for using a screenshot from video game Fallout 4 to accompany its coverage of Russian sanctions to show what hacking looked like). Even before the initial Washington Post report was corrected, there was a big red flag buried deep within it. The initial reporting acknowledged that any "hacking" that took place happened because whoever was operating the computer in question clicked on a link from a phishing email that installed malware on the computer. Just as with the hack in the Democratic National Convention case, this isn't just a situation of a malicious intruder forcing their way into a system. They or they were invited in because of poor security practices on the user end.
It's very important to remind folks of this component of cybersecurity vulnerability because otherwise this debate becomes about "What should America do to countries that engage in cyberespionage?" instead of "What should America do to prevent cyberespionage?" The difference between those two questions is very relevant. The first question creates an environment of intrusion and intervention in other countries. The second question creates an environment of protecting America from threats and making our defenses stronger. On a very fundamental level, it's the same debate America has frequently over foreign military interventions, though we can hope this particular debate won't result in more random civilians in countries where America doesn't even have military authorizations being bombed by drones.
As for the "hacking" of the Democrats that prompted sanctions from the White House, Julian Assange at Wikileaks is insisting that the Russian government is not the source of the information. Assange will be interviewed live tonight by Sean Hannity at Fox News. If what Assange says is true, that means the source of the leak is not anonymous. As Michael Moynihan (of Reason's Fifth Column podcast) noted, this puts Assange at odds at their previous statements that Wikileaks has been set up so that they don't know the sources of their information. It's possible that Wikileaks knows who the source of the DNC emails are because they received them in a different fashion than usual. Maybe that will be explained in tonight's interview.
Over the holiday weekend, Nick Gillespie pointed out the problems with treating Putin with the same kind of boogeyman status as the leaders of the former Soviet Union. And Ed Krayeweski warned last week of the damage to our own government's credibility for punishing other countries for leaking information that helps Americans see how the political sausage is truly made.
Legacy Future is documenting the passage of death metal to a new era, as Dead Congregation are about to be crowned the new kings of the genre. Their brand-new album can already be considered as a metal classic!
Promulgation of the Fall by Dead Congregation
The origins: Nuclear Winter
Dead Congregation are the brain child of guitarist/vocalist A.V., an incorrigible death metal enthusiast. They have made their first steps in the music scene by performing during the 90's in the Greek D.I.Y. hardcore punk circuit with bands like Nekriki Sigi and most importantly Nuclear Winter (Πυρηνικός Χειμώνας). The latter originally combined the cold, grim sounds of Amebix with the epic crunch of Bolt Thrower, as it can be heard on their self-titled mini-CD from 1997 (sold-out long ago, it has been repressed recently on vinyl). Later, in the 2nd period of the band's existence, a turn has been made towards more uncompromising and radical underground death metal sounds, blending USDM (Immolation) with the Swedish darkness of Grave, Kaamos, Repugnant.
ABOMINATION VIRGINBORN 7"EP [BB003] by NUCLEAR WINTER
“Abomination Virginborn”, the band's demo tape of 2003 (later pressed and sold-out on vinyl via the label of yours truly, Blastbeat Mailmurder), has displayed world class songwriting and furious execution skills. With the hindsight, it also put in evidence the good understanding between A.V. and V.V., the drummer of cult brutal death metal band Inveracity. This collaboration continues to this present day in Dead Congregation.
Early Days
Nuclear Winter wasn't meant to be the proper vehicle for what A.V. wanted to express. The need for a new entity was imperative. The continuity between the ashes of the old and the vigor of the new was ensured by -consciously or subconsciously- picking up as a name the title of “Abomination Virginborn”‘s opening song: “Dead Congregation”.
Purifying Consecrated Ground by Dead Congregation
With the release of the debut mini-LP “Purifying Consecrated Ground” in 2005 and in alignment with a handful of bands like Kaamos,whose 2nd album “Lucifer Rising” was released that same year, Dead Congregation rejuvenated death metal by resurecting the dark spirit of the genre's beginnings and combining it with a modern mentality and intensity on all levels: songwriting, execution, concept and aesthetics. The band's longtime friend Timo Ketola has properly visualized the band's intentions with iconic artworks on both the mini-LP's and the debut album's covers.
Graves Of The Archangels
The word about D.C. has spread fast, helped by sober and devastating live performances. It was not until 2008 though and their debut full-length album “Graves Of The Archangels”, that they were widely acclaimed as a force to be reckoned with in the metal world. The album put forward an irresistible bestial pulse and a supreme blackened atmosphere, sounding classic and unheard at the same time, the Byzantine chants sampled from the Orthodox mass on the album's opening and closing tracks (respectively “Martyrdoom” and “Teeth Into Red”) bringing forth a touch of Mediteranean darkness.
The worldwide dark death metal revival owes a lot -if not everything- to Dead Congregation and “Graves Of The Archangels”
Graves of the Archangels by Dead Congregation
In the following years, the D.C. war machine has converted crowds in Europe and North America, becoming more brutal and focused over the years, making everybody wonder a la Raoul Duke: “What now, what comes next?”.
The answer to our prayers
The worldwide dark death metal revival owes a lot -if not everything- to Dead Congregation and “Graves Of The Archangels”, such is the extent to which the band has captured and actualized the dark quintessence of the genre. Therefore, it was legitimate to wonder if the Greeks could live up to the expectations and if yes, how the hell could they top themselves and deliver an even more ambitious opus.
Examining “Promulgation Of Τhe Fall” on the microscope lens is an arduous task, so hard it is to explain how Dead Congregation have managed to produce a superior follow up to an already excellent predecessor.
Examining Promulgation Of The Fall on the microscope lens is an arduous task, so hard it is to explain how Dead Congregation have managed to produce a superior follow up to an already excellent predecessor.
A.V. and T.K. still play some damn fine riffs, which have only gotten better with the years. No repetition or cloning on this department. They sound fresh and hammer nails in your skull right from the start of “Only Ashes Remain”, the album's opener.
There's also more variety for sure. An even more pronounced taste for crawling, majestic doom parts, such as self-titled track#2 which acts like an initiation ritual to the album, is not surprising knowing A.V.'s penchant for doom metal, notably due to their live session performances with Swedish/Chilean outfit Procession.
An impeccable flow, unforgettable lead guitars
There are two departments to which Dead Congregation have certainly upgraded their craft. The first one is songwriting. They maintain a seamless flow alternating epic monoliths and paroxysmic accelerations, while still retaining a sense for risk and surprise, keeping the listener alert and on its guard, never being sure what to expect next.
The second one is lead guitars. Each guitarist shredding on its own stereo channel (left and right) in true Slayer tradition, they are melodic and epic, leaving behind the comfort zone of hysterical death metal leads. They render the material tremendously majestic and at the same time more accessible to the ears of a non-strictly death metal audience.
New bass player and a rythm section of steel
One of the main appeals of D.C. as well as a key factor of their own personal contribution to the death metal edifice, has always been their superior sense of rythmic intensity. On “Promulgation Of The Fall” they sound fine tuned to perfection. Without using a metronome when tracking the drums, they took the time to kick back , listen to them carefully and when they determined that some of the tempos did not make full justice to the songs, they did not hesitate to re-record some of them.
The album is also the discographic debut with D.C. of bass player G.S. (also from Inveracity and Cerebrum). He's been playing with them for a few years now and from what I remember when I last saw them live, the man is a beast and a welcome addition to their scenic performance. With such an intense guitar performance, their contribution is not always easy to put forward but he's definitely a virtuoso and has a lot to offer.
Aesthetics and concept
The front cover artwork strikes because it is in a style which is different than the current trend in the extreme metal underground scene. Designed by a local artist and not by the usual suspect and band's friend Timo Ketola, its twisted and abstract aesthetics remind Larry Carroll‘s classic work for Slayer (“Reign In Blood”, “South Of Heaven”, “Seasons In The Abyss”) and is a welcomed and fresh visual take on the band's realm.
And we will laugh and spit at you as you leave,
never to consider returning or looking back at us.
the tears you cry will be our Holy Communion
and with it to celebrate your final and TRUE death.
(Dead Congregation “Schisma”)
Lyrically, we are still and always into godless territory. The band attacks Judeochristian morality in a cruel and vicious way throughout a series of explicit pieces, either in the form of ominous prophecies, or as symbolic tales. As with every Dead Congregation release, there are a couple of like minded comrades who have been invited to contribute their lyrical sickness. This time we can find the works of the indispensable Timo Ketola on “Nigredo” and Haasophis from Antediluvian on “Quintessence Maligned”.
The sound of devastation
Dead Congregation being an extremely focused collective in total control of their art, it's not surprising that they did what had to be done in order to equip their most ambitious effort to date with an appropriately huge sound.
Recorded locally at Studio Feedback with their own equipment, the sources tracked were so good that mixing was a relatively straightforward affair and the material kept all of the freshness and intensity it originally had when forged into the band's rehearsal room.
I was quite impressed to learn from the band that the guitars were tracked without effects, directly plugged to the amp and recorded with a mic! Another interesting fact is that no equalizer was used on the rythm guitars – only the lead ones have some added effects. As a matter of fact, the guitars came out so huge and they dominated the mix to such extent, that they had to be nerfed a bit for the final mix!
Epitaph
These last 10 years Dead Congregation have gone a long way. However ambitious and outstanding their first steps where by rejuvenating their musical genre, bringing back the atmosphere and quality of the early 90's with a modern twist, they were mere hints of what would follow.
“Promulgation Of The Fall” is the testimony of a band that has transcended its mentors and roots, reaching a higher plane of musical creativity and radical expression. The ominous name of Dead Congregation shall from now on be synonymous with death metal and reckoned as one of the greatest musical acts of our time.
The ominous name of Dead Congregation shall from now on be synonymous with death metal and reckoned as one of the greatest musical acts of our time.
Total death – total support
“Promulgation Of The Fall” is released tomorrow on CD and digital formats. Concerning the CD, there is a regular jewel case edition and a digipack available exclusively from the band. It is released on their band's new label Martyrdoom Productions, and in North America by Profound Lore Records. Digitally, you will be able to grab it from Amazon and iTunes, and later on from Bandcamp.
A vinyl version is being manufactured as we speak by NOEVDIA (Norma Evangelium Diaboli) – undeniably extreme metal's finest record label. Focused mainly on orthodox black metal sounds, D.C. is their first death metal signing and this fact alone speaks for itself.
As a vinyl collector and the owner of a record label focused on vinyl releases, I totally support and endorse NOEVDIA's attitude of not releasing limited editions or pressings and sticking to the essential, which is to provide highly inspiring music pressed on CD and vinyl with an extreme attention to detail. Oh and by the way, this is a long discussion amongst vinyl collectors (on forums such as Vinyl Engine) but they're only pressing on black vinyl which is supposed to be the better sounding color (with picture discs and splatter colors being the crappiest).
DISCLAIMER: This review has been written based on an advance copy of the album provided by the band,which we have been listening to for the last three months.
Posted on by
RMU has made the decision to eliminate 7 of the Division 1 Sports, 3 of them being cross-country, indoor and outdoor track. Every signature counts. Let's show the athletic department that the track nation stands as one.
Send emails to support this decision to Dr. Craig Coleman, director of athletics; and Dr. Gregory Dell'Omo, President of Robert Morris University.
To:
Dr. Craig Coleman, Director of Athletics at Robert Morris University, colemanc@rmu.edu
Dr. Gregory Dell'Omo, President of Robert Morris University, president@rmu.edu
I just signed the following petition addressed to: Robert Morris University.
----------------
Save RMU Men's Cross Country and Track & Field Program
Due to RMU's budget crisis, Craig Coleman announced to the entire track and field family that all three seasons of Men's running (XC, Indoor, and Outdoor Track and Field) are being recommended to be cut from the University Athletics. This team's history runs as deep as the university itself. The men's program has always been a competitive team in the North East Conference. Javelin thrower Chris Carper qualified for the NCAA DI National Championships this past spring. They finished 19th in the nation and earned All-American Honorable Mention honors. Most recently, the men's outdoor track team finished 2nd in the conference in 2010, and 3rd last year in 2013. The men's cross-country has just finished a very promising season. Preseason polls had the Colonials picked as the 6th ranked team in the conference. The men's team proved many people wrong and shocked the conference by finishing 2nd this past season.
Furthermore, the men's cross-country team has won the NEC team GPA award this past season. Last year, they also earned the NEC honor with a team GPA of 3.467. The men's indoor and outdoor track programs earned the NEC team GPA award last year as well with a team GPA of 3.299. Lastly, two RMU student-athletes last year earned U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association All-Academic honors. Cutting our program would surely decrease the overall GSR (graduation success rate) for the athletic department.
The cross-country and track and field programs here at Robert Morris are very unique; we truly are a family. Taking away the guys' side is like taking away our very brothers. Cutting entire sports teams, especially those which have won so many titles, is not the solution to the financial problem.
For the track community as a whole, who knows what slippery slope the loss of our program may entail. Robert Morris would be the only school in the NEC without a men's XC/Track program pending these cuts. Considering the recent losses of men's programs at schools such as JMU, Delaware, and Seton Hall, this decision could pave the way for even more schools to consider cutting track and field as a short-term solution to a long-term problem.
Time to rally, Colonials! Voice your support and help save the team!!
----------------
Sincerely,
[Your name]
CLOSE Audio of Wilmington police communications between dispatchers and officers on Wednesday, Sept. 23, 2015. Delaware Department of Justice
In Delaware, use-of-force standard is 'entirely subjective in nature,' according to the DOJ report
Buy Photo Items related the case of Jeremy "Bam" McDole are shown at the law offices of Jacobs & Crumplar in Wilmington on March 3. McDole was shot and killed by police in September. (Photo: DAMIAN GILLETO/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo Story Highlights The Attorney General's Office has released its report into the shooting of Jeremy McDole, 28, in September.
The report said charges cannot be filed against the four officers involved in the fatal shooting.
Denn called for reforms to Wilmington Police Department training procedures.
Last week, Attorney General Matt Denn released their 31-page explanation for why four Wilmington police officers weren't criminally culpable for the shooting death of a man in a wheelchair.
Denn's decision didn't rest solely on the facts of the case. Hamstringing the AG's efforts was that Jeremy "Bam" McDole was killed in Delaware, a state that essentially immunizes law enforcement officers from criminal responsibility when they use deadly force in response to a perceived threat.
Here, a police officer doesn't have to prove the use of deadly force was "actually necessary to protect the officer against death or serious physical injury," according to the recent state Department of Justice report. "All (the officer) must show is that they believed that to be the case at the time that they used deadly force, whether that belief was reasonable or unreasonable."
The AG's report not only sheds light on the considerations underlying prosecutorial decisions. In an unusual move, Denn called for reforms to Wilmington Police Department training procedures, noting "serious deficiencies" in how officers are prepared to handle such crisis situations.
It's unclear whether city police managers will heed Denn's advice. City officials said they disagreed with the attorney general's assessment, but declined further comment.
Buy Photo Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn attends a press conference on Jan. 12, 2015. Their office last week released a report into the shooting of Jeremy McDole by Wilmington police. (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Denn also recommended in the report that one of the officers involved in the incident, Senior Cpl. Joseph Dellose, be stripped of their gun. That angered local police union representatives, who accused Denn, a career civil servant with no direct police experience, of overstepping their authority to advance their political objectives.
"From the outset, this was clearly politically motivated," Sgt. Harold Bozeman, Wilmington Fraternal Order of Police president, said in a statement. "The elected attorney general of this state has used this tragedy as a vehicle to cajole voters in their re-election and much-speculated eventual ascendance to the governor's mansion.
Denn's office would not address local police criticism of the report, explaining that the conclusions speak for themselves.
Jeremy McDole (Photo: SUBMITTED PHOTO)
State code subjective
Delaware is an outlier nationally in how it regulates lethal force by law enforcement, according to Kathleen MacRae, executive director of the Delaware ACLU. A recent Amnesty International report lumped the First State with a dozen other states that don't comply with basic standards set by U.S. constitutional law. The report called out Delaware for joining a minority of states in condoning lethal force to suppress riots.
"There's no objective rationale or reasonableness standard and that's what is necessary," MacRae said, adding that state criminal code should be amended as soon as possible.
“From the outset, this was clearly politically motivated. The elected attorney general of this state has used this tragedy as a vehicle to cajole voters in their re-election and much-speculated eventual ascendance to the governor's mansion.” Harold Bozeman, Wilmington Fraternal Order of Police president
The legal standard governing police use of lethal force was established by a pair of Supreme Court rulings from the 1980s. In Tennessee v. Garner (1985) and Graham v. Connor (1989), the court held that deadly police force qualifies as a "seizure" subject to the "reasonableness" requirement of the Fourth Amendment. When questions of excessive force arise, law enforcement personnel will be judged on whether their conduct was "objectively reasonable" based on the circumstances confronting them at the time, the court determined.
There are no concrete numbers on how often police kill civilians in the line of duty — estimates range from 400 to more than 1,000 a year. Law enforcement agencies aren't required to submit incident reports to the FBI, but research suggests that African American men are disproportionately impacted by police use of lethal force.
In the McDole case, the DOJ blasted Dellose, one of the four officers at the scene, for "extraordinarily poor police work." But Denn stopped short of filing felony charges after two national police consultants and a former federal prosecutor concluded that a conviction was unlikely.
That outcome underscores the complexity of policing officers, the men and women who must evaluate life-and-death situations at lightning speed. Nationwide, juries have been reluctant to convict cops absent clear evidence of malice, sparking public outcry. In recent years, there have been several high-profile cases of officers not standing trial after killing civilians, including the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri; the choking death of Eric Garner in Staten Island, New York; and the shooting death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice in Cleveland.
It's even more challenging for prosecutors to launch a successful case in Delaware, where the use-of-force standard is "entirely subjective in nature," according to the DOJ report. Had McDole been killed in New York, for example, prosecutors would've been permitted to assess the "reasonableness" of the officers' actions, the report said.
Delaware's subjective standard is rare and problematic because it doesn't account for all the factors at play in a lethal force case, according to David Klinger, a criminology professor at University of Missouri-St. Louis. Among important considerations are how many officers are at the scene, their individual skill level and the severity of the threat.
David Klinger (Photo: SUBMITTED PHOTO)
Further, Delaware's criminal code does not require "either accurate observations or accurate recollections of police officers who use deadly force," according to the DOJ report. Officers' recollections in the moments after the McDole killing differed from their interview responses the next day and from what was observed on video, the report found.
State Rep. Helene Keeley, D-Wilmington South, who has previously advocated for police reforms, said lawmakers will need to fully read and digest the DOJ's findings before calling for specific legislation. They said they are open to considering changes to the state's use-of-force standard if it turns out Delaware lags behind other states.
"We still have time to do it in this session," they said.
Local and state police union representatives fear that extra layers of regulation could have disastrous consequences for officers on the ground.
"How now do you expect us to do our jobs? said Fred Calhoun, state FOP president. "We have created a society that thinks that by creating policy they can dictate the outcome of someone's future...If we could do that, we wouldn't need the police."
Buy Photo A march is held on Dec. 12, 2015, following the shooting death of Jeremy McDole by Wilmington police. (Photo: WILLIAM BRETZGER/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
According to the DOJ report, Dellose and the other officers answered a 911 call on Sept. 23 in which a resident told 911 dispatchers that a man in a wheelchair on the city's west side was brandishing a gun after shooting himself.
Dellose fired at McDole approximately two seconds after initially ordering them to put their hands up, the report said. That created uncertainty among other officers who, not knowing where the gunfire came from, also turned their weapons on the 28-year-old.
A stolen .38-caliber revolver was later retrieved from McDole's boxer shorts, according to the report, but none of the bullets from McDole's gun were found lodged in their body.
As part of its eight-month investigation, the DOJ consulted with two nationally recognized police use-of-force experts, both of whom recommended criminal charges against the Cleveland police officer who fatally shot Tamir Rice in 2014.
TIMELINE: The McDole shooting case
STORY: McDole shooting - Wilmington police won't be charged
According to national media reports, Cleveland patrolman Timothy Loehmann said they shot Rice, an African American, within seconds of confronting him, after the boy reached into their waistband to pull out what appeared to be a weapon. It turned out to be a pellet gun.
As in the McDole case, prosecutors didn't charge Loehmann. Last month, the city of Cleveland paid Rice's family $6 million to settle their federal lawsuit.
DOJ police consultant Roger Clark, a 27-year veteran of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who recommended filing charges in the Rice case, said the situation was less clear-cut in the McDole case due to weaknesses in Delaware code.
Dellose's "tactics were absolutely dreadful," said Clark, explaining that the officer failed to communicate with other officers already at the scene, strode down the middle of the street instead of taking cover, and abruptly fired their weapon instead of trying to defuse the situation.
"As you increase the anxieties of the subject, their ability to comply decreases proportionally," they said.
Still, Clark and other consultants refused to classify Dellose's conduct as "reckless" behavior — defined as "a gross deviation from the standard of conduct" — which can lead to a conviction of felony assault to homicide under Delaware code. Previously, Dellose, an 11-year-veteran, was investigated and cleared in a 2010 shooting incident.
DOJ: Wilmington training inadequate
Compounding the problem is that Wilmington Police Department's use-of-force policy is vague, according to the DOJ report. WPD, unlike other urban police departments, doesn't adequately train officers on how to de-escalate potentially life-threatening situations, especially when dealing with people who have physical or intellectual disabilities, the report said.
Wilmington adheres to a “continuum of force” policy, a widely accepted standard governing how much force an officer can use against a resisting suspect. The progression begins with verbal commands, but can quickly escalate to pushing, kicking, punching, tasering, and, lastly, shooting.
The DOJ report called Wilmington's policy “effectively meaningless” by permitting police officers to ignore the sequence if a situation warrants it. By comparison, the Seattle Police Department tries to limit the use of lethal force by instructing officers to establish a perimeter to contain the threat and engage in active listening and verbal persuasion techniques, the report said.
Klinger, the criminal justice professor, disagreed with the AG's assessment. Officers need flexibility in responding to rapidly evolving situations, they said. For instance, if a man rushes an officer with a baseball bat, the officer doesn't have time to try steps one to four before firing, they said.
Wilmington's policy is “consistent with training and it makes perfect sense,” Klinger said.
The McDole family has filed a federal civil lawsuit against Wilmington and the police chief, alleging that the killing was racially motivated. Wilmington attorney Thomas S. Neuberger, who is representing the family, believes the DOJ report will help their case.
"Instead of closing off the investigation, Denn ... goes on and helps us make the civil case for us," they said last week.
Local black coalition leaders and New Castle County Councilman Jea Street have demanded that federal prosecutors pursue criminal charges against Dellose, but it is too early to tell if the Justice Department will intervene. In response to public outcry over excessive police force and racial bias, the department has opened 23 investigations of police departments since the start of the Obama administration.
STORY: For one officer, McDole shooting was their second on duty
STORY: Black leaders want feds to investigate McDole shooting
Similarly, many in Wilmington for years have urged Mayor Dennis P. Williams' administration to overhaul its policing strategy, with gun violence reaching record levels.
Last year, a panel of consultants appointed by Gov. Jack Markell reported that despite ample resources, Wilmington police suffered from antiquated practices and structural deficiencies. Asserting the city's sovereign control over its police department, Williams has refused to provide police deployment data to the state, jeopardizing $1.5 million in state aid.
Earlier this year, the city hired community policing expert Charles H. Ramsey under a $112,000 no-bid consultant contract. Ramsey, who previously ran police departments in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., did not respond to a request for comment on the AG report.
Despite the AG's findings, MacRae of the ACLU doesn't expect swift changes from Wilmington police.
Buy Photo New Castle County Councilman Jea Street (Photo: ROBERT CRAIG/THE NEWS JOURNAL, ROBERT CRAIG/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
"The community must come together and demand that changes be made," they said.
State Rep. Stephanie T. Bolden, D-Wilmington East, said the McDole incident reinforces the need to rebuild the city's community policing programs, in which officers are assigned to specific communities to develop positive relationships with residents.
“Had there been community officers, you may not have even had this turn into a phone call to 911," they said. "Because they would have known who to call."
News Journal reporter Esteban Parra contributed to this report.
Contact Margie Fishman at (302) 324-2882, on Twitter @MargieTrende or mfishman@delawareonline.com. Contact Matthew Albright at malbright@delawareonline.com (302) 324-2428 or on Twitter @TNJ_malbright.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/27AwsM1
After yesterday's sad story about death camps for cats, here's something more joyous: A bottlenose dolphin, known as Moko to the locals, has rescued two beached pygmy sperm whales in New Zealand.
"Conservation officer Malcolm Smith told the BBC that they and a group of other people had tried in vain for an hour and a half to get the whales to sea. The pygmy sperm whales had repeatedly beached, and both they and the humans were tired and set to give up, they said." That's when, like a superhero, Moko made its entry and seemed to communicate with the whales, leading them to safety.
"I don't speak whale and I don't speak dolphin," Mr Smith told the BBC, "but there was obviously something that went on because the two whales changed their attitude from being quite distressed to following the dolphin quite willingly and directly along the beach and straight out to sea." They added: "The dolphin did what we had failed to do. It was all over in a matter of minutes."
The whales haven't been seen since, but Moko the dolphin has returned and shows up often to pla with swimmers off Mahia beach.
Malcolm Smith was so happy about the turn of events that they actually went into the water to give the dolphin a pat on the back.
::NZ dolphin rescues beached whales
See also: ::Brazilian Fishermen Kill 83 Dolphins, Joke About It, ::Dolphins and Whales 3D: An Unforgettable Experience, ::Whale Power: More Efficienct Fan Blades Mimic Humpback Fins, ::Iceland Calls the Whale Thing Off
Much can be learned about Dermatillomania from people who suffer from it. During the existence of this website many visitors contributes their answers to polls and surveys. This resulted in a further insight into the specifics of this disorder, based on actual facts.
Online Test for Skin Picking Find out the severity of your symptoms with this free online test Take the Test
SkinPick.com visitors
The following chart describes the relation between the visitors to this website and the picking disorder. As you can see, most visitors are affected directly, and some are looking for information because someone they know has this disorder. Only 3% are ex-sufferers.
Areas of body affected by picking
The following chart shows that the most affected body parts are face, scalp, arms and legs.
How long have you been picking for?
The following data clearly shows that most visitors have Dermatillomania for years. It also implies low success rate of treating this disorder.
Age distribution of Dermatillomania sufferers
The following chart shows the age distribution of Dermatillomania sufferers. The majority are between age 15 and 50. However, the fact that only a small percentage are above 50 might indicate that less senior people are using online resources (as SkinPick.com) compared to younger generation.
Gender distribution of people with Dermatillomania
It is a widely known and accepted fact that the majority of people affected by Dermatillomania are women. The following data clearly supports this fact.
Previous attempts to stop picking
Ending the compulsion to pick for good is not an easy task. The main reason being that effective methods of treating Dermatillomania are not widely known and practiced by therapists. As an effect, most attempts to stop picking fail. However, the majority of people don't even try to stop, possibly due to lack of information and guidance.
Which treatment methods have you tried?
For those who do try to stop picking at some point of their lives, the choice of methods vary:
Dermatillomania causes
There's no one definite answer to the common question "what causes this disorder?". SkinPick.com visitors were asked this question. Here are the results:
Disclosure rates
Dermatillomania sufferers are very private about their condition and rarely talk about it with others, due to embarrassment and the inner fear to be rejected.
NYT's Misleading Tale on Lost West Virginia Mining Jobs
The NYT had an interesting piece on the hopes that West Virginians placed on the ability of Donald Trump to bring back jobs to the state. However, a comment on the loss of mining jobs under President Obama may have misled readers.
The piece noted:
"Coal has always been boom and bust; its decline began long before Mr. Obama took office. But in West Virginia alone, 12,000 coal industry jobs have been lost during their tenure."
While this is true, the start of the Obama administration was a temporary peak for the coal industry, as the sharp run-up in oil prices in the prior four years had substantially increased the demand for coal as shown in the figure below.
Coal Mining Jobs in West Virginia
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics.
While there was a substantial loss of coal mining jobs during the Obama years, mostly due to the availability of low cost natural gas, the most recent employment levels are almost the same as they were in 2000.
About
UNITY: A whole or totality as combining all its parts into one. The concept of joining things together to enhance the world around us.
At PRESS PLAY, we have always had a passion for music and sound. When you press play and listen to your music, you enable yourself to be taken away to a place that transcends reality. This is an outstanding feat of humankind that most people share around the world. Our senses are the most fascinating abilities we hold and they process and do so many basic things allow us to experience new and exciting pleasures. Over the course of the past decade, advancements in visual technology were the primary focus. From HD flat screen televisions, to super high-definition smartphone displays, we have been obsessed with how bright and dynamic our visual sense can be. That made us ask the question:
What about sound?
Our UNITY 1 and Pro was created from relentless pursuit of finding the answer to our question. The Apple Lightning connector is a digital connector used for charging, data transfer and now for listening to music. By uniting this technology with earphones, we're able to deliver high-resolution sound quality beyond current standards and within a cost efficient manner that can be adopted by almost half of iOS device users who use Lightning enabled devices every day.
Unity 1 has a very specific, custom designed and engineered driver. Unique assembly processes were implemented to construct a high quality build with emphasis on the best acoustic experience.
● Luxurious Ultra-Soft Leather on Headband and Ear Cushions for UNITY Pro. Made with memory foam, also provides additional comfort and isolation as the cushions shape to your ears.
● Our foldable headband for UNITY Pro is constructed from HD nylon which is virtually indestructible.
● Wolfson WM8533 Digital to Analog Converter (DAC) for both headphones.
● Our flat cables are made of tangle-free and durable TPE material for both headphones.
● Proprietary 9mm and 40mm neodymium speaker magnets are distinct to PRESS PLAY UNITY headphones.
● UNITY Pro driver unit incorporates a Permendur magnetic circuity for exceptional magnetic characteristics.
● Voice coils for UNITY 1 and Pro are made with high-quality 8N-OFC (oxygen free copper) for ultra-efficient signal transfer.
● Anodized Aluminum material for UNITY 1 Housing, Deco, Speaker Cover, Front Housing and Dust Screen.
● Uniquely engineered Diaphragm for UNITY 1 measures under a single nanometer in thickness.
PRESS PLAY Unity App Home Screen
A portion of your funding will be used to begin the final steps of our software development and testing of the Unity App. A fully functional and advanced iOS App designed specifically for Unity headphones, in addition to desktop software to connect and sync music with iOS devices. Our software will change the way you purchase headphones by utilizing Lightning connector technology to build together an All-in-One solution.
UNITY App Media Player for High-Resolution Audio Files
Advanced Equalizer with Custom Presets and Emulators
Personalized Settings w/ iCloud login for mulitple iOS devices
OS App to Play, Organize, Create Playlists and Sync Audio Files
Which High-Resolution Audio File Should I Download?
There are several file formats to choose from when purchasing high-resolution music. We recommend purchasing any of the following audio file formats.
FLAC - Free Lossless Audio Codec (FLAC) is the most popular compressed lossless format. Since it is compressed it takes up a lot less space and has the same quality as uncompressed formats.
ALAC - Apple Lossless Audio Codec (ALAC) also known as "Apple Lossless" maintains 100% bit-for-bit accuracy while saving storage space. Similar to FLAC, although its compression isnt quite as efficient as FLAC.
Where Do I Purchase or Stream High-Resolution Audio?
We have compiled a list of high-res music stores for you to visit. Most of these websites offer a free high-resolution music file to download or limited trial subscription.
Use your iPad, iPhone, and iPod* and save money
UNITY 1 connected to an iPhone 6
To experience high-resolution audio, several brands offer Portable Music Players (PMP) that support high-resolution audio playback. These devices can range in price between $300-$2000. Not only does this solution poise you to spend more money, but you need to carry an additional device to listen to your music. UNITY Headphones are designed to work with any of your Lightning equipped iPad, iPhone and iPod devices.
Digital Plug + Built-in Components for Ultra High-Resolution Quality
UNITY 1 and UNITY Pro have built-in LAM and DAC chipsets for an uncompromising acoustic experience. Depending on your PMP device, you would need to purchase a "DAC and Headphone Amplifier" unit ($75+) to hear Ultra High-Resolution audio quality.
Other benefits of using a digital plug are:
● Digital signals transmit data faster with more accuracy, an especially important feature when listen to High-Resolution music.
● Enhanced sound quality that is notable with MP3 quality audio.
All of o​ur Kickstarter supporters also deserve to have the lowest prices possible. To show our appreciation to the earliest Kickstarter adopters, we will limit the most we can discount. ​The reward tiers below are marked down from our projected retail price ​($125-$200) ​and will only be offered at these introductory prices during our campaign​.​
Prices do not include Domestic or International shipping.
In 2006, Abraham Cohen and Shirzad Yamini, both college students, went on a mission to build products that enhance the devices we love and use everyday. Having nothing more than a goal and each other to rely on, they began their careers early and started PRESS PLAY. Many challenges laid ahead with the economic recession in 2008/2009, this would challenge and reshape the way they did business. Dedication and perseverance proved this duo were here to stay and an opportunity to provide quality products to those seeking exceptional craftsmanship with contemporary design.
Our team since has more than doubled with exponential talent. Each person has a sense of urgency to build something better, different, inspiring, and amazing. In December of 2013, in one of our weekly team powwow's, our team concluded that PRESS PLAY can change the way audio was experienced.
This is how we began PRESS PLAY UNITY.
Almost two years later, we're now turning to you, the Kickstarter community to help us in our final steps in changing audio.
Abraham
Founded PRESS PLAY with Shirzad over seven years ago, over seeing product development, design, sourcing and many other things. Before starting PRESS PLAY, Abraham managed an established multinational corporation in the CE industry.
Shirzad
Founded PRESS PLAY with Abraham over seven years ago, over seeing marketing, product development, and many other things. Shirzad worked for a major US telecom company as retail accessories purchasing for 5 years.
Debbie
Debbie joined the PRESS PLAY team last year after working for a leading electronics company for almost 6 years.  They are our Creative Director and Package Designer.
Jack
Jack joined the PRESS PLAY team almost five years ago and is V.P. of Product Manufacturing. Their extensive experience in manufacturing overseas spans over 10 years.
Jonathan
Jonathan joined the PRESS PLAY team over two years ago as Lead Product Development and has since become V.P. of Product Development and Design. Before PRESS PLAY, Jonathan was a Project Manager at a well-known acoustic company for 5 years.
Our goal of $120,000 is the remaining amount needed to fund:
UNITY 1 and Pro headphone and software final testing. Third-Party Acoustic Lab tests further tailor hardware and software for advanced acoustic experience. Producing our third and last 100 unit batch and testing for any additional possible variations. Mass-production UNITY 1 and Pro for Kickstarter backers.
Our manufacturing partner is an Apple appointed factory that produces cables and speakers. With an extensive 24 years of experience in manufacturing high quality products and impressive track record of below average industry defect rates, there isn't anyone else in the world we would have wanted to partner with to assist in development and construction of UNITY. We began working with them in January of 2014 and they have been intensively involved in all facets of our development.
Between both parties, we have invested over $200,000 combined with 1,500 hours of R&D. The invested $200,000 has developed and finalized:
UNITY 1 and Pro designs, tooling and testing. Manufacturing Assembly machinery, processes, testing and Apple Certification. Two separate "test production" runs. Variation and Quality testing for each 'test production". Tooling adjustments for UNITY 1 and Pro. UNITY 1 and Pro Apple MFi certification. PRESS PLAY App development and testing.
Press Play App
We are currently engaged with one of the world's best Software Engineering firms to build out our Press Play App. We are working with software designers, UX/UI designers and Acoustic Engineers to develop an app with advanced EQ functions, High-Resolution Media Playback, User Customization with iCloud login. The desktop software will be designed with full App functions + wired and Airdrop sync functions.
We believe that the risks described above are manageable, assuming a successful Kickstarter campaign.
We have big plans for the future of PRESS PLAY UNITY. Pending on Kickstarter funding, we'd like to:
Build upon our current models by creating more designs and colors.
Expand our UNITY App to analyze more types of listening patterns.
Advance our scope of headphones with USB-C or Micro-USB port technology to include other mobile device manufacturers.
THANK YOU.
For Media inquiries please contact David Grimes: David@crowdfundmafia.com
Forget three dimensions; Buster Keaton only needed two, and sometimes just one. In one of the most memorable sequences in Keaton's 1924 masterpiece Sherlock, Jr., Keaton's unnamed hero—nicknamed “Sherlock, Jr.” because that's the fictional character they emulate—follows the man who framed them for the theft of the watch belonging to their girlfriend's father. The amateur detective shadows their mark closely, with both of them moving from right to left on the screen, in pretty close to a straight line. Then the hero scrambles atop a moving train, and starts running left to right, making no progress. Finally they escape the railroad treadmill and runs away—but it's where they run that's unusual. After a few minutes of gags based on Keaton moving on the same plane as the other characters, their character suddenly takes off into the horizon, shrinking to a dot as they disappear into the distance. It's as though he's discovered some kind of magical power, to go somewhere other than left, right, up, or down.
For the most part, Sherlock, Jr. is a film about a rectangle. Keaton's character works as a projectionist at a movie theater, and spends their days looking at a screen, daydreaming. For almost all of the first half of Sherlock, Jr., the hero finds themselves trapped on the wrong side of a mystery, as the projectionist's romantic rival “the local sheik” (played by Ward Crane) horns in their date with “the girl” (Kathryn McGuire), and then gets Our Man in dutch with their future in-laws by swiping the pocket watch of “the girl's father” (played Joe Keaton, Buster's real-life dad). Then while he's stuck at work, worrying about their problems, the projectionist drifts off to sleep and dreams that he's entered a movie mystery that resembles their own situation, with all of the characters replaced by the people they know—and themselves playing “Sherlock, Jr.”
The montage that heralds the projectionist's entry into their screen is one of the most famous sequences in cinema history; and in Keaton's filmography it's up there with the house frame falling around them in Steamboat Bill, Jr. as a “signature scene.” In the montage, the scenery keeps changing behind the hero, such that a bench is removed before they can sit on it, an ordinary street turns into a steep cliff before they can walk off-frame, and a mound of dirt in the desert becomes a rock on an ocean shore as the tide crashes in. Every bad thing that happens to the projectionist occurs in the space of a cut, and serves to keep them trapped inside the box. He's a prisoner of cinema—and of all the tricks at a filmmaker's disposal.
After that montage, the time that the projectionist spends inside the movie is relatively normal, at least at first. If nothing else, as “Sherlock, Jr,” the hero has pretty good command of their situation, even effortlessly sniffing out and avoiding the bad guys' attempts to kill them with an exploding billiard ball. Only later does the hero find himself: sitting on the handlebars of a driverless motorcycle during a high-speed chase; avoiding disaster by zooming along the top of trucks that have strategically pulled into place to cover the gaps in a bridge; and escaping pursuit by diving through the suitcase of a peddler. In other words: He's living inside of a movie, at least judging by their incredible luck and the impossible things he's able to do.
Comedy thrives inside a fixed frame. It's not an essential element, but as with dancing and magic tricks, it's always more impressive if the viewer can see the performer's hands and feet at all times. In Sherlock, Jr, Keaton moves the camera when they have to, during all of the movie's crazy chases. But even then, the motion is limited: Keaton tracks alongside the actors, or they attach the camera to the front of one of the moving vehicles so that they can keep all the action inside the rectangle. Sherlock, Jr. is at its funniest, though, when the camera stays still, and the characters move in and out, like figures in a side-scrolling platform videogame. Maybe that's because the fixed frame emphasizes the characters as characters, arriving into the picture exactly when needed for the plot—and sometimes remaining stuck there, like the projectionist, never confident that they can find a way to break out of the box.
In the projectionist's case, they improvise within the box, finding a vertical or horizontal line they can jump on that will lead them out of immediate trouble. That's how Keaton constructs their gags in so many of their silent classics: They lock their stone-faced hero into a path that the audience can see is about to lead them into trouble, and then at the last second, Our Man switches paths, like a train moving onto a siding. In Keaton's world, nearly every problem can be solved through simple geometry. Only very rarely are sharp diagonals involved.
Sherlock, Jr. is a landmark film, widely regarded as one of the greatest in the history of silent comedy, and rivaled only by The General in Keaton's own filmography. It has that reputation not just because of the quality of the gag construction—which is stellar—but because it has a point of view. It's a movie about movies, opening with a minor bit of visual deception in which the projectionist removes their fake mustache, and then continuing to show the hero as a man to whom fakery comes easy. They change the price tag on a box of candy so that their girlfriend will think they spent more on them than they could afford. They bring along a magnifying glass so that the diamond on the ring they bought them will look bigger. As a man steeped in movies, they know how to put on a show, all the time.
That satire of cinematic phoniness is intentional. As for the way Keaton uses the frame, that's more a matter of comic instinct, and Keaton's understanding that clean lines make for punchier jokes. Still, when Sherlock, Jr. opens with a warning that no one should “try to do two things at once and expect to do justice to both,” that could refer both to the projectionist's attempts to moonlight as a sleuth, and to the way that Keaton approaches their storytelling—by not really differentiating much between the movie the hero is already in and the movie they enter when they dream. In comedy terms, both worlds are built to serve the gag. It's easier on the filmmakers that way.
The distinction only becomes relevant in those moments when the projectionist performs their own equivalent of movie magic: by deviating from the X and Y axes. But the reverse is true as well, in that the characters in Sherlock, Jr.'s movie-within-a-movie have powers beyond what the projectionist can understand. Sherlock, Jr. has a great stinger gag after the hero's innocence is confirmed, when he's back with their girlfriend and watching a movie with them in the projection booth, wooing them by mirroring the moves of the lover on screen. After the boy kisses the girl in the movie, the picture fades out and then fades back in to the happy couple holding a baby. And the projectionist can't figure out how they did that, because in the movie he's in—the one called Sherlock, Jr., made in the 1920s—all the steps elided in editing can't be shown on screen, no matter where Keaton sets the camera.
Come back tomorrow as our Sherlock, Jr. discussion continues with a staff Forum on the film's distinctive approach to comedy and montage, and the experience of watching silent films in the sound era. Then on Thursday, Matthew Dessem will share the sad history of Sherlock, Jr.'s co-writer, Clyde Bruckman.
Delusions of high profile bettors in the CS:GO community
dezmathio Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 17, 2015
A few weeks ago I decided to interview a high profile bettor, who most people claimed was the most profitable and highest volume. Their name was stormberg.
Now, as most of you know, they were recently banned for soliciting a throw in the OnlineBOTS vs Imperial Dragons match. The proof seemed pretty convincing, since they added one of the OnlineBots players, and their players showed skins transactions coming through to their accounts from stormberg's main account. Long story short, they were banned by csgolounge.com
In my interview, I spoke to stormberg about their process of betting, using so many accounts (many people speculated at least 110, due to the way they named their accounts, e.g. stormberg042, stormberg110)
Q&A with stormberg
How long have you been involved in the cs scene? When did you familiarize yourself with the current teams and players that compete nowadays?
Well, I played cs for 14–15 years now since 1.3. I got into CS:GO around August 2014, and learned about everything during that period.
Did you play in a specific scene, like NA/EU/Asian?
I played in the Asian scene
Would you say you were a pretty successful bettor right off the bat, or did it take you some time (and losses) to get to the point you are now?
I had around a month of a learning curve, but I'm quite good at analyzing games, got my hands on it quickly.
Can you talk a bit more about that process? How did you become better? Was it a mindset thing? How you made your decisions on which team to bet on, where you did your research?
Well, I don't do anything special for research, information is out there everywhere, I just follow the scene and know the teams well. I got into it for fun at first, then I realized I could make a lot of money off of it. I previously played a lot of poker, so I had a good idea about odds.
Do you find yourself doing more research if the teams are lesser known, since you already have a decent understanding of most T1/T2 teams from following the scene?
Yes, I do
So, just for brag rights… how much did you start with, and what has your net gain been so far?
Well, I don't really like disclosing that, but let's just say I made more than 5000 times what I started with.
How much time on average do you spend researching and gathering info before you make a bet you feel is very good?
That depends on the teams, and the match. On average, probably 10 minutes at most.
Do you tend to follow a set of rules when betting for each match, based on the odds? Sort of regardless of inventory size? Meaning, if the odds are right, you'd bet 5% of your inventory, be that $50, or $2500?
Yes, I have similar rules, I cap out how much I bet for bo1s, or different stages in a tournament.
What makes you skip betting on a match?
Gut feeling, recent results, news, there are many factors.
Can you give me a run-down of how you would calculate personal odds for a match with bo3 format, on lan, VP versus Dignitas, csgolounge odds are 60–40 for VP (dignitas being Team SoloMid)
Well, I'd think about how their last matches within the week went. I don't really want to disclose about how I calculate my personal odds, because that's what people pay me for, lol.
Does a lot of your strategy revolve around picking safe favorites and expecting some form of overpay, or have you been known to place multiple max bets on underdogs as well?
Depends on how much confidence I have in the teams, and the odds. Pretty much the same for all games.
Do you feel like there are any tools out there, that currently don't extrapolate the data you want, that you'd like to see built/exist ? What would they be?
Perhaps a site that records every match played and is stored and organized nicely by date.
How do you usually figure out, assuming a team has not played an official match this past week, whether or not they have been practicing? (ESEA is the easy answer, but are there other places to look into?)
Well, there are usually close friends, or just friends or professional players who I speak to, to find out how they're doing in the week, or on the day itself.
In terms of moving so many items to bet/and manage winnings, do you have any indispensable tools you use, such as Lounge Destroyer/Steam inventory helper? Being an automation engineer in the past, I would have an itch to automate certain aspects to make it quicker/less manual work, do you do anything like that?
I do use LD and steam inventory helper, but I certainly wish there was a program that could manage returns off alts.
I had a lot more questions about how they calculated personal odds, how they determined the risk of a match, etc… Strangely enough, they said they usually felt most confident about the balkan/CIS games. They offered me a service once where they would tell me which team to bet on, and if said team won, I'd give them 20% of my winnings… I had already bet on the game they suggested, an only put $15, but they did end up winning. It left me curious about how they were so sure of a widely considered ‘skip / dubious' match.
The odds were 23% to 77% (with favorite winning)
Now, I looked for their advice again, on 11/02/2015, mainly because I noticed odds were shifting on the OB — ID game and i noticed they were placing maxbets on their accounts… so I basically just wanted to confirm why a 70–30 match was turning into a 35–65 match. They told me ‘OB suck'. Now… I spoke to other people who actually predict matches, and they all told me OB are a pretty strong team… So this all seemed fishy. Then I noticed the comment on nugs's profile from stormberg ‘add to discuss your team'. I think this is what led people to believe it was a throw. Then with the confirmation from OB with their screenshots of trades happening.
Now… a week later, I was here wondering what to do about this interview since Stormberg was banned, and things were dying down. So I decided to look up their Skype name they had given me. This is where things get interesting… — the Skype name they gave me was clementchilee, and just to confirm, since i don't have SS of it originally, here are some other places I found where they were giving out this information
As you can see in this ownedcore thread, their username there is the same as their known reddit username: (http://www.reddit.com/user/haoweiwu)
Anyway, I'll just leave this here and let you guys wonder whether or not they were involved in match fixing, and in which leagues…
It's beyond me to understand why a high profile bettor would want to be hiring players to play in the RGN tournament.
I'm sure this won't make much of a dent in the match fixing problem that comes with csgolounge, but I hope it at least makes people realize how much information about them is freely available.
gg no re stormberg
Willson Contreras watched last year's playoffs from the Arizona Fall League, envisioning what October would be like with this team. The Cubs already had three catchers: a two-time All-Star (Miguel Montero); another veteran paired with $155 million pitcher Jon Lester (David Ross); and a rookie quickly becoming a Wrigleyville legend (Kyle Schwarber). But that didn't stop Contreras from thinking big.
“I put myself behind the plate,” Contreras said. “I was thinking about this year.”
This group of young Cubs is all about the now, not burdened by history or intimidated by the spotlight, only one win away from playing for the franchise's first National League pennant since 1945. Contreras made the leap from Southern League batting champion to starting Game 2 catcher in this NL Division Series, with only two-plus months of experience at Triple-A Iowa in between.
The Cubs chose Contreras to work with Cy Young Award contender Kyle Hendricks on Saturday night and think through this San Francisco Giants lineup. After Angel Pagan's line drive knocked out Hendricks with a bruised right forearm in the fourth inning, Contreras caught five different relievers who combined for 5.1 scoreless innings.
Contreras pumped their fist after catching the last pitch – a 103-mph fastball – and leaped to high-five superstar closer Aroldis Chapman, celebrating a 5-2 victory in front of a raucous crowd of 42,392 at Wrigley Field.
“No, no, I'm not nervous at all,” Contreras said, as a group of reporters gathered around them during batting practice. “I'm so anxious to start the game, but I don't need to put pressure on myself.”
All these young stars certainly help Contreras – who also went 2-for-3 and scored a run – blend into the clubhouse. Montero and Ross are good teammates, willing to share information and offer encouragement instead of getting territorial. Schwarber didn't catch a single inning in the regular season, wrecking their left knee during an outfield collision in early April and creating more opportunities for Contreras.
To become a perennial contender like the Giants – a franchise that won World Series titles in 2010, 2012 and 2014 – the Cubs will need to maintain this kind of environment where a rookie like Contreras, 24, can step in and immediately contribute (12 homers, 35 RBI, .845 OPS) to a lineup already loaded with hitters through 2021 (Kris Bryant, Anthony Rizzo, Addison Russell, Javier Baez).
[SHOP: Gear up, Cubs fans!]
“Talent has a lot to do with it,” manager Joe Maddon said. “The whole atmosphere with the veteran players has had a lot to do with that. The coaching staff has a lot to do with that. I think the approach that we take has something to do with it.
“We expect mistakes. They're going to make mistakes. They're not going to be perfect. Our coaches do a great job of explaining situations and physical mistakes to our players. One of the things we talk about from Day 1 is: I want you to be yourself. I also think by not fatiguing them with a lot of extra work matters, too.
“If the mind is good, you're going to play well, if you are good. If you're not a really talented player, I don't care. We could have all the best social sports psychologists, or the best planned work, whatever. That's not going to matter. You have to have good players. And then around that build an atmosphere or a situation that's conducive to learning and not being afraid of making mistakes.”
During spring training, the Cubs purposely matched up Contreras with their veteran pitchers, sending the message that they would be catching meaningful games, sooner or later. But Contreras – who gave a classic “As soon as I get there, I will never be back” quote to The Des Moines Register this season – already sensed that.
“Of course,” Contreras said, “I thought about the playoffs. Now that we're here, I'm going to try to enjoy every single day, every single game. I will do my best to help my team.”
Remember two years ago when Nokia open-sourced the Symbian mobile operating system? The thinking was that cell phone manufacturers who depended on the Symbian OS could help keep it going. But it was already too late. The iPhone's iOS and Android started to take over. Even die-hard Symbian supporters abandoned ship. As the fanboy blogger Symbian Guru explained last summer when they decided to give up on Symbian:
I also can't continue to support a mobile operating system platform that continually buries itself into oblivion by focusing on ‘openness' while keeping a blind eye towards the obvious improvements that other open platforms have had for several iterations.
Now Symbian is delivering itself another blow—this time self-inflicted. The Symbian Foundation, which hosts all the open-source code, big fixes, and documentation for the OS, is shutting down its websites on December 17. The Symbian OS will still technically be open-source, it will just be impractical for many developers to look at it or improve it. According to a post on the Symbian Foundation's developer blog, the open-source code and other information currently on its websites will be made “available in some form, most likely on a DVD or USB hard drive upon request to the Symbian Foundation. . . . A charge may be levied for media and shipping.”
In other words, the Symbian OS will be open only in name. What good is open-source code if it is not available online, where it can continue to evolve? For all practical purposes, it will become an artifact of the age of feature phones. Nokia will no doubt continue to develop the Symbian OS for its own purposes. But what a way to show disdain to the open-source community it professed to embrace only two years ago.
Of course, there is nothing stopping someone else from hosting all the code and documentation going forward on an independent site. Will any developers care enough to take on that task?
This is sort of turning into a bit of a “covering the basics” sort of week here- mixed with a little “dealing with stuff I've been meaning to address for awhile”. So it seems appropriate that I should also take a moment to handle one of my biggest personal pet peeves regarding how people talk about gender, and transgenderism in particular.
Honestly, I think I could feel pretty satisfied with my entire “career” (I know) if I could just manage to put this one thing to rest.
Gender expression and gender identity are two different things.
One of the chief confusions about transsexuality and the decision we make to transition is how, from an outside perspective, with limited or superficial understanding, it can seem that the reason we transition is because we've determined ourselves to be female or male on the basis of our personalities fitting better into a female or male identity than into the gender that we'd been assigned, and that therefore we “ought” to be the sex that matches our personality.
That is not how it works, how we came to realize our gender identity, or why we transition.
From this basic misunderstanding a whole host of common confusions and misconceptions arise. This is what motivates people to say that we ought to simply learn to accept ourselves instead, or that if we lived in some kind of post-gender utopia without rigid binaries there would cease to be any need for transition, or that trans people are buying into or enforcing gender binaries and stereotypes, or that trans women are “appropriating” female stereotypes and trans men are simply experiencing “internalized misogyny”, or that we ought to learn to simply be happy with being feminine men or masculine women.
But in actuality, all of those concepts are based on a faulty premise, that is easily undercut by looking at the actual complex (and diverse) realities of lived trans experience. All too often, people will discuss transgenderism as an abstract, thinking that having some basic grasp of the concept (often hastily, lazily or shoddily assembled from clunky and simplistic metaphors like “women trapped in men's bodies”) is a sufficient basis on which to work through the theoretical implications and develop firm opinions or political positions on us (as though we're an “issue”, not people), and totally neglect to acquaint themselves with the actual living, breathing reality of trans people, and our community.
Doing so -bothering to learn about who we are- is completely essential to not glossing over certain key details. One of these is the fact that not all trans women are feminine; many identify, or express themselves, as butch, tomboy, masculine, androgynous, or otherwise not strictly femme (and it is a relatively small minority for whom their femininity couldn't have been safely expressed within a male identity if they were male). Likewise, not all trans men are masculine. Many identify, express or present within a femme spectrum. This reality collapses the abstracted, simplified concept of what transgenderism is and means that most cis people carry around. It is only by discussing the abstraction as divorced from the realities that one is able to maintain the faulty premises required for the misconceptions I mentioned above. It's sort of like physicists who think that with the right models they could understand or solve everyone else's fields. The basic concepts aren't enough, and lead only to misunderstandings. You need to consider the nuances and complexities of the actual reality in order to get anything even resembling an accurate idea of what's actually going on, and you need to know what's actually going on before you can start throwing out theories about it.
The abstract concept of The Transsexual™ is someone who is wholly normative within the assumed role, sexuality, disposition and all other culturally gendered whatevers of the identified sex but was “trapped in the wrong body” of the assigned sex. This keeps things simple. “She's feminine, she's attracted to men, she's passive, they like wearing dresses… yep, give them the surgery and she's a woman!”. But in reality a trans person is no more likely to be the perfect normative model of their identified sex than is a cis person. All the normal variations are in play. Sexual orientation can be androphilic, gynophilic, bisexual, asexual, pansexual, demisexual, kinky, vanilla, whatever. “Masculinity” and “femininity”, cobbled together as they are from innumerable individual traits, can be as diverse and complex as in anyone.
By recognizing the existence of such diversity within trans identities, the theory that we concluded our gender identity after the fact by buying into binaries and stereotypes just doesn't make sense. It's logically inconsistent with the observed reality. Like saying “the earth is flat” while observing a ship's mast rise above the ocean horizon before their hull. If transsexuality were simply the result of thinking “I'm feminine, therefore I'm female” or “I'm masculine, therefore I'm male” there would be butch trans women or femme trans men. If transsexuality were simply an exaggerated form of homosexuality, we'd see no trans lesbians or gay trans men.
Gender identity is not something that is concluded. It does not have reasons. There is never a “my gender identity is female, because X, Y and Z”. There is only the identification, that precedes the reasoning. There is only “my gender identity is female”.
THERE IS NEVER A “WHY” SOMEONE TRANSITIONS.
(other than a conflict between assigned sex and gender identity, and wanting to feel comfortable and happy, anyway)
Cis readers, how did you determine your gender identity? Did it take until you were old enough to ask what the difference was between boys and girls? And then when your parents said, “boys have a penis, girls have a vagina”, you checked your genitals, and arrived at the conclusion of your identity? Or did your sense of yourself as male or female precede anything even resembling a precise understanding of what those terms really mean? Didn't you know which you were before even knowing there were anatomical differences between the sexes? How did you know not to object to your gender assignment?
You didn't object, and felt comfortable with the assignment, for the same reasons we did object (or wanted to), and felt uncomfortable. Something deep, that precedes its articulation, precedes the understanding of the social mores of “masculine”/”feminine”, and long precedes any received or theorized definition of what constitutes gender or sex.
In order to understand what gender identity is, we'd need to eliminate everything it isn't. If gender identity is not determined by relative masculinity or femininity (as indicated by the fact that these traits can exist in any combination with gender identity and assigned sex) then those are separate variables. If a person of any gender identity can have any sexual orientation, then that's a separate variable. If gender can be presented or expressed in any number of ways across gender identities, then that's a separate variable too. The only thing that is consistent across all individuals with a given gender identity (such as “man”, or “woman”, amongst others), is the deep-seated sense of identification with that concept. The term rings true. It holds meaning. Something inside of us says “yes, that's right. That makes sense. That feels like home. That is what I am.”
“I am a woman.”
That is what gender identity is. This can often be misunderstood by cis people because they don't need to ask the question, or consider the dimensions and location of their gender identity. For someone whose gender identity fits with what they've been assigned and told, it can feel like simply a given, and in fact be confused with sex, gender role, or gender assignment, or even sexual orientation. When all those things line up tidily, it becomes very difficult to see where one ends and another begins. Instead one has the sense that they all form a continuous whole, the one flowing from the other. “I'm attracted to women because I'm masculine because I'm a man because I have a penis because I'm a man because I'm masculine because I'm attracted to women”. It can all be taken at face value, and taken for granted, which can even give cis people the impression that they don't even have a gender identity (or at least not a gender identity that's distinct from either their physiological sex or expressed role). It also becomes profoundly difficult for a cis person to understand what, exactly, gender identity is at all if it is distinct from gender expression, gender role, physiological sex, or sexual orientation.
Adding to the confusion is how much gender expression is used as a tool for comprehending or, well, expressing gender identity. Let's say your gender identity is female, and “girl” is what feels right, feels like you. But people keep saying you're a boy (and you've been assigned as such, because that's what your body looks like), and they keep expecting you to behave as such. Meanwhile, though, they're sending the message that dolls are “for girls”. In the absence of any other means to explore your sense of yourself as female, even if you don't yet have the words to describe that feeling, you may indeed reach for the dolls, and play with them. This doesn't mean you're “naturally” inclined to be “feminine” on account of your gender identity, or that girls “naturally” play with dolls, or that playing with the dolls is what “makes you” female or “proves it”, or that the gender identity (sense of self as female) is definitively connected to the gender expression (playing with the dolls) at all. It simply means that you needed some kind of outlet for the gender identity, some way of actualizing that for yourself, and within the cultural context you were provided, and with what little tools you had, you found a way to explore the concept of yourself as female.
This can happen in all kinds of ways. Sometimes women who at the beginning of their transitions express as very femme may gradually gravitate towards an increasingly tomboyish presentation as they become more comfortable with themselves as female, and no longer require any extraneous means of identifying, expressing or asserting that femaleness. Likewise, many trans women had “cross dresser” phases before coming out to themselves as trans, where they wore extremely feminine, frilly clothing that they wouldn't be caught dead in once they actually began transition and presenting as female in real life. Because once transition begins, the symbols of femininity (feminine, as always, simply meaning “culturally related to femaleness”) no longer have that same degree of power and appeal as a means of asserting one's gender identity. The exaggerated, symbolic totems of womanhood stop being necessary once one's actual womanhood begins to be accepted and made real.
Gender identity is who we are. Gender expression is how we choose, or how we need, to express that. An individual's gender expression may vary considerably from context to context (and is highly culturally mediated), but the underlying gender identity is a solid constant. Even a gender-fluid identity remains stable in its fluidity, constant in its variability. That is an identity that is solid in its capacity to feel at home in a variety of conceptual locations.
I did not come to the conclusion that I am a woman because I like men, jewelry, make-up, dresses and My Little Pony. I was a woman first. The jewelry, make-up, dresses and (to a lesser extent) My Little Pony are simply the means through which I express my being a woman. Another woman may express their womanhood through a spikey colourful pixie cut, torn jeans, and a Smiths “Meat Is Murder” t-shirt. Another woman may express their womanhood through a flannel shirt, blue jeans and a pair of work-boots. We're all women. How we choose to go about being women is irrelevant.
And the men are just who I happen to like to fuck. That's irrelevant to being a woman too.
So please do bear this in mind. Although for a cis person, particularly one who fits nice and comfy into the assumed role and sexuality of their gender, gender identity may seem like some vague, mysterious, incomprehensible and impossible-to-pin-down concept, it's important not to try pinning it down by forcing untenable associations with unrelated things like our gender expression, our personalities, how we present ourselves or dress, who we're attracted to, or whether we prefer chocolate to nachos.
I'll give you a hand, though:
Sexual orientation is with whom, whether and how you like to have sex.
Gender expression is how you express yourself in relation to gendered concepts (your relative “masculinity” and “femininity”, as well as whether you dress “like a boy” or “like a girl”, that kind of thing)
Physiological sex is how your body is configured in relation to gendered anatomy (like your chromosomes, your hormones, your breasts or lack thereof, your body and facial hair or lack thereof, and whether you have an innie or an outie).
Gender identity is the part of your gender that's not any of that, and would stay the same even if that stuff changed.
…
No?
Well, at least it generally makes sense for us. Because our struggle, our identity, our trans-ness itself, is defined by the conflicts along the edges of these things.
Just trust us, I guess?
Or at least learn a bit about the diverse reality before forming theories on the basis of an abstraction.
Washington: Over 45,000 people have signed up to listen to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to Indian-Americans in Silicon Valley on September 27, organisers have said.
"The final list of the 18,500 people who will get a chance to hear Prime Minister Modi speak live at the SAP Arena in San Jose on September 27 is yet to be decided," Indo-American Community of West Coast said in a statement yesterday.
For this, in coming days organisers would put all the 45,000 names for a computerised draw of lots, which would ensure the 18,500 strong audiences at the SAP Arena in San Jose has representations from every section and segment of the society, state, age groups and gender.
"The current list of registrants spans the gamut of social, religious, and professional spheres. From taxi drivers and farmers to professionals and CEOs of large companies, the excitement being felt in the Silicon Valley is unprecedented," said Naren Gupta, a venture-capitalist and entrepreneur, who serves as the co-chairperson of the Indo American Community of West Coast (IACWC).
"With Silicon Valley as the center of innovation, we are all very excited about the possibilities that exist for India under the leadership of Prime Minister Modi. They have outlined several key initiatives, including digital cities, alternate power and cleanliness that requite innovative approaches," they said.
"We want to give back to our homeland, we will give back to our homeland, and we plan to engage in thoughtful dialogue with the Prime Minister about the best ways to make a difference," they added.
Modi is the first Indian Prime Minister to visit California after Morarji Desai in 1978. Jawahar Lal Nehru was the first Indian Prime Minister to visit the West Coast.
Leading up to and after the reception, high impact programs and meetings are being scheduled to promote the shared ideals of innovation and entrepreneurship between Silicon Valley and India, a statement said.
The event, free to the general public, is being totally funded by the Indian-American community.
"This is a free event. The attendees are expected not to pay directly or indirectly to any organisation. The expenses are taken cared by sponsorship from corporations, businesses and high net worth individuals," said Thakor Desai, a business person and finance co-chair of IACWC.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Lil Yachty has been catching hell recently over a line they spit on the track, "Peek A Boo," where they mistakenly call out the wrong instrument used by Squidward Tentacles on the beloved kids cartoon, SpongeBob Squarepants .
“My new bitch yellow/She blows that dick like a cello,” they rhyme on the track. A cello doesn't resemble the instrument the cartoon character uses in any shape, form or fashion, leaving people to wonder how this mistake went unnoticed. Boat recently stopped by Genius to set the record straight.
"OK, let's stop for a second," they explain. "Before you come at me, I'm going to let you know. I'm going to blame my A&R. Because they listened to that song many times and they allowed me to say that..I guess for a second, I thought a cello was a woodwind instrument and it is not. And nobody ever said shit. Nobody ever pulled up a pic and said, 'Hey man. I don't know if you know what this is, but it ain't that.' I fucked up. I thought Squidward played the cello. They don't. That's a flute. I fucked up. But it does sound good."
For the record, Squidward plays a clarinet. And fans were sure to correct the rapper once again. "Squid ward plays clarinet... I got it world lmao," they tweeted over the weekend.
In related news, Yachty celebrated their new LP with an album release party in Hollywood that got pretty out of control. Check out the wild footage here.
Johannesburg - Kagiso Rabada hit the record books for a six when they were named South African Cricketer of the Year and in all received a total of SIX awards at a glittering Cricket South Africa (CSA) awards banquet in Sandton on Tuesday evening.
CSA Awards 2016 - Castle Lager ODI Cricketer of the Year : Kagiso Rabadahttps://t.co/hxPXqrzFOe — Cricket South Africa (@OfficialCSA) July 26, 2016
Castle Lager Test Cricketer of the Year: Kagiso Rabadahttps://t.co/9NC7mABrV7 #CSAawards16 — Cricket South Africa (@OfficialCSA) July 26, 2016
It's been a phenomenal night for @KagisoRabada25 as they scoop the SA Cricketer of the Year Award! #CSAawards16 pic.twitter.com/YUlZOdTpNd — Cricket South Africa (@OfficialCSA) July 26, 2016
Other awards on the night:
Sunfoil Series Cricketer of the Year: Heino Kuhn
Domestic Players' Player of the Year: Heino Kuhn
Momentum One-Day Cup Player of the Year: Alviro Petersen
Ram Slam Player of the Year: Albie Morkel
Domestic Newcomer of the Year: Nicky van den Bergh
SACA Most Valuable Player of the Year: Dwaine Pretorius
Africa T20 Cup Player of the Year: Lungi Ngidi
Coach of the Year: Rob Walter
Maria Serena Diokno. Photo from NHCP website
MANILA - National Historical Commission of the Philippines (NHCP) chairperson Maria Sereno Diokno resigned from their post on Tuesday, lambasting the Duterte administration for "ignoring" history when it allowed the hero's burial of the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos.
"At this moment in our history, every voice counts, and I wish to place mine on the side of History; not the history that the Duterte government ignores, but the History that beckons our people to demand justice that even the highest court of the land will not bestow," Diokno said in a statement.
"The burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Libingan ng mga Bayani is wrong; it denies our History, erases the memory of lives lost and destroyed, mocks the collective action we took to oust the dictator, and denigrates the value of our struggle for freedom."
Diokno added the the President "did not take the higher ground" when they adopted the "narrow view" of the nine Supreme Court magistrates who allowed the burial.
"Worse, they justify their 'legalistic' action by claiming, falsely, that 'there's no study, no movie about it [Marcos as a leader],'" they said.
Books, movies proving Marcos atrocities were real, author tells Duterte
Vowing that they will continue protecting the country's history "from those in and out of the government who attempt to deface it," Diokno said that they will join the massive protest against Marcos' burial on Friday.
'Never forget': CBCP gives blessing to Marcos burial rallies
"The multitude of especially young Filipinos who have come out in defense of History and are prepared to co-author it for their generation and the future point to one realization: they, we all, will guard our History," they said.
"Never again will we allow any remnant of authoritarian past to take hold of our country," ended their statement.
Duterte called for the burial, 27 years after Marcos's death, arguing that as a former military man and head of state, the former dictator met the criteria for a place in the heroes' cemetery.
Diokno, however, earlier claimed that the deposed tyrant lied about their military service.
5 things Ferdinand Marcos lied about, according to NHCP
Diokno is one of the daughters of the late Senator Jose Diokno, one of the opposition leaders detained during martial law. They joined the fight against the Marcos dictatorship and put up a legal aid group to assist political detainees and other human rights victims.
Marcos ruled the Philippines for 20 years, imposing martial law in 1972 and governing by decree in what was one of the darkest chapters of the country's history.
Tens of thousands of suspected communist rebels and political foes were killed before Marcos's 1986 ouster in a "people's power" revolt. They died in exile in Hawaii three years later.
In 1986, a commission was created to recover the Marcos family's wealth, which was estimated at $10 billion worth of property, cash, stocks, jewelry and pieces of art. It has, so far, recovered about half. -- With a report from Reuters
(CBS) The Bulls have traded point guard and former MVP Derrick Rose to the Knicks in a blockbuster five-player deal.
Chicago is shipping Rose, young wing Justin Holiday and a 2017 second-round pick to New York in exchange for big man Robin Lopez, guard Jerian Grant and veteran point guard Jose Calderon.
Rose, 27, was the hometown hero whom the Bulls took first overall in the 2008 draft. By their third year, they set the goal of winning the MVP, then did so with a brilliant 2010-'11 campaign in which they became the youngest player in league history to win the award.
“Knowing Derrick as I do make this trade a hard one,” Bulls chairperson Jerry Reinsdorf said in a statement. “Everyone knows them as the local kid who became MVP for their hometown team, but not everyone got to know them like I did. While they are a terrific basketball player, they are an even better person with a tremendous heart. I wish them the best of health for the remainder of their career, and I want to personally thank them for everything that they did on the court and in the community during their time with the Chicago Bulls.”
Rose's career arc changed in April 2012, when they tore their left ACL on a drive to the basket in the playoff opener for the top-seeded Bulls. They were never the same.
Rose sat out all of the 2012-'13 season, taking criticism from some for not coming back for the playoffs after the team said it had medically cleared him. Just 10 games into their return the following season, Rose tore their right meniscus in November 2013 and missed the rest of the season. They had another surgery on their right meniscus in February 2015 as well, bringing their total to three major knee operations.
The Bulls followed a 2015-16 season in which they missed the playoffs by committing to their front office and head coach. Instead, they vowed to make changes within the roster in order to improve the team. Dealing Rose is the most significant move that could've been made.
“As we said at the end of last season, we are committed to exploring every option to improve this team,” said Bulls general manager Gar Forman. “This trade is a significant step in that process. Our goal is to get younger and more athletic, and this trade moves us in that direction and allows us to start changing the structure of our team. In Robin Lopez, we are acquiring a starting center who is a good defender, good rebounder, and brings a toughness to our team. Jose Calderon is a proven veteran who can run an offense and knock down threes. Jerian Grant was high on our draft board last year as someone with a great skill set and positional size. All three players are great teammates and have tremendous work ethic, and we are excited to welcome them to the Chicago Bulls organization.”
Rose averaged 16.4 points on 42.7 percent shooting in 2015-'16. Most troubling for the Bulls was that they and All-Star Jimmy Butler never meshed on the floor, as they were both ball-dominant players and sub-par outside shooters.
Rose had one season left on their contract at $21.3 million.
The 23-year-old Grant is the most promising asset the Bulls got back. They were selected 19th overall in the 2015 draft and averaged 5.6 points as a rookie in limited action. He'd been on the Bulls' radar leading up to the draft but was selected three spots before they took Bobby Portis at No. 22 overall. Grant is under Bulls control through 2019-'20.
The 28-year-old Lopez averaged 10.3 points and 7.3 rebounds last season for the Knicks. Their contract runs through 2018-'19, with around $41 million left on it. Lopez's arrival likely means the Bulls will part ways with Joakim Noah and Pau Gasol.
Calderon, 34, averaged 7.6 points and 4.1 assists last season. They have one year left on their contract at about $7.7 million.
The 27-year-old Holiday averaged 6.5 points for the Bulls after arriving in a midseason trade.
The Bulls hold the No. 14 pick in Thursday night's draft. It was previously thought they'd look for a guard, though that isn't such a need with the arrival of two new guards.
FRANKFURT, Germany -- 2016 was another record year for solar power.
The world last year installed 49.6% more solar power capacity, or 76.6 gigawatts, than it did the previous year, according to SolarPower Europe.
It was a record leap for the second straight year, the European industry association said.
China accounted for 45% of the new installations, adding 34.5GW worth of the capacity.
During the year, Asia-Pacific overtook Europe as the region with the most cumulative solar capacity.
China ranked first in newly installed solar capacity, adding 128% more than it did the previous year. In the U.S., installations were up 97% from 2015, to 14.8GW. Third-ranked Japan installed 22% less capacity, adding 8.6GW to its grid, as large projects were hit with delays in the approval process.
India now has the world's fourth largest installed capacity, after adding 125% more to its grid.
Globally, the world last year was able to produce 306.5GW worth of electricity from solar plants -- a fortysixfold increase from a decade earlier.
China accounted for 25.3% of that total, Japan came in at 14% and the U.S. at 13.8%. Germany had been No. 2 on the 2015 list but fell to No. 4 at 13.4% last year. This indicates that the main solar power market is shifting from Europe to Asia.
This year, the association expects the global solar power market to grow 5%, adding 80.5GW worth of capacity. By the end of 2021, the association expects solar power capacity to reach 700GW.
If something uses electricity, it will be connected
We live in a world where billions of devices consume electricity, so when I read last week that Strategy Analytics predicted 33 billion connected devices by 2020 - now just five years away - it confirmed something I'd suspected for a long time now: we're in deep trouble.
Let me pose another hypothetical appliance: the connected oven. (You can probably guess where this is going, but indulge me.) The connected oven pairs with a smartphone to read the QR codes in recipes to get the settings just right for a perfect bake, every time.
That sounds delightful.
But when you go away on a fortnight's holidays, and someone hacks into your oven, turns the gas on, waits 36 hours, then lights the pilot, well, then you've got a problem. A much worse problem if you happen to be at home at the time. Your oven could gas you in your sleep.
2014 saw both the peak of the internet of things hypes cycle, and the start of the ‘What have we done?' era of network computing. 33 billion connected devices means 33 billion attack surfaces, each with their own exploits, zero-day attacks, weaknesses and vulnerabilities.
There's no way to stay on top of all of that. If we continue to design connected devices way we have the last forty years - haphazardly, patching our mistakes as we go along - we will turn the entire planet into a honeypot. The numbers are too big, and the dangers too present for us to trust that ‘she'll be right'. She'll be hacked.
We need a solution that provides security for connected devices, and moreover, we need a universal solution, so a device designer can simply add this into their product as a bog-standard feature, without having to worry too much about either its implementation or its vulnerabilities.
We need something difficult to attack, something that can't be spoofed or subverted. We need a solution that is open, inspectable, verifiable, something that favours transparency over obscurity. And it needs to be freely available, to prevent another pointless round in these endless patent wars.
In short, we need the blockchain.
The first real advance in security in decades, the Bitcoin blockchain uses a network of peers to create a platform for distributed authentication. This network of peers must come to consensus before any Bitcoin transaction is validated, offering ‘defense in depth' to any network attack, as at least 51% of the network would need to be compromised before an attack could succeed.
In a world of 33 billion connected devices, something very unlikely to happen.
The Bitcoin blockchain provides enough security to support a distributed financial system, sufficient protection for all our connected devices. And as an open source technology, it's freely available for anyone to implement and adapt to their needs.
IBM has seen this as well, and recently launched the ‘Adept' initiative, blending the blockchain with the Internet of Things, provisioning for security and access control within the blockchain.
It's early days yet. We have a proposed solution, but we haven't deployed it. But one thing immediately becomes clear: this solution - or any similar offering - defines a floor, a minimum set of capabilities that will be required of all connected devices. Table stakes for the connected era.
At present, chipsets providing device-level connectivity at best offer minimal security services. The blockchain is computed hungry, relying on hashing and public-key cryptography and implements a protocol for peer-to-peer communication. That's not the sort of thing you can deliver on a ten cent microcontroller.
Although we consistently focus our attention on the high end - how many transistors Intel can squeeze out of their latest process node - that's not the main game for these 33 billion connected devices. Every device has an absolute need for computationally-expensive security, with a few modest and computationally cheap device integration features thrown on top.
So the race is on to design this chip: cheap, safe, simple and effective. A chip that will be designed into every connected product, selling in the hundreds of billions. A chip that defines the bottom rung of connected electronics: the foundation for a new world of devices that, as each one comes to life, and joins the network of peers, increases the security of all of the others.
Powered by this soon-to-be chip, that future is (borrowing from Nassim Taleb) ‘antifragile', growing more stable and more secure over time. That's the world we want to be living in. That's the world we we need to be building. ®
Service labour market: The engine of growth and inequality
Alexandra L. Cermeño
Economic historians tend to explain US geographical development gaps in terms of industrialisation. But by the end of the 20th century, the richest counties had become specialised in services, rather than in manufacturing. This column evaluates how the service economy triggered this evident contrast between the urban and rural US. Market size causes localisation of non-agricultural activity, with the effect being stronger for services, especially knowledge services. Local policymakers can thus foster growth by attracting high-skilled workers to a region, with the multiplier effect eventually increasing the local market.
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large – Henry Ford.
In the early decades of the 20th century, the frontrunners of American capitalism already envisioned the potential of the service economy. Yet, economic historians tend to explain development gaps in terms of industrialisation. Evidence from US Housing and Population Censuses challenges this classical view by revealing that the richest counties have become specialised in services rather than in manufacturing. Considering the service economy in the debate of spatial localisation suggests that market size is crucial not only for services, but for any non-agricultural activity (Desmet and Fafchamps 2005). In this column, I evaluate how the service economy triggered the evident contrast between the urban service economy and the rural US in the last century.
Specialisation, growth and inequality
The economic leadership held by the US during the 20th century increased average living standards at the cost of rising inequality across counties. US Census estimations show that average yearly wages range from $26,559 in Hancock (Georgia) to $109,405 in New York in 2010. The most prosperous hotspots are located in highly urbanised areas like New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Florida and California, where incomes have progressively grown with population.
Figure 1. Mean income level distribution by county
Source: Own calculations from American Community Survey 2010 (five-year estimations).
The relocation of production and people away from traditional manufacturing regions to these counties has been paired with a structural change in favour of services. According to the ILO and the Historical Statistics of the United States (2006), the US (along with other developed economies) has progressively specialised in services, increasing its share of service labour from 30 to 80% since 1890, but this trend has not been generalised across counties. The spatial match of economic activity and service employment in these hotspots suggests that the tertiary sector has not only become the motor of the US economy, but also the cause of the decay of formerly successful manufacturing regions.
Inequality within the service economy
The tertiary sector includes diverse professions such as trucking, nursing or marketing. These can be classified as:
Local services: – distributional and personal non-tradable services provided to individual consumers at the same time and place of production; and
Tradable market business services – knowledge intensive activities whose demand comes from businesses (Ciarli et al 2012).
Today, around 70% of the US labour force is devoted to local service production. Essential as they are, these services are nothing but a consequence of prosperity, while the engine of growth lies within the tradable service sector. In a recent study, Moretti (2010) estimates that an extra skilled service job generates five new positions in the local market. Part of this multiplier effect can be explained through their skill premium, which intensifies the demand of local services required by these high-salaried workers. Market size benefits local entrepreneurs in many other ways: cost and time reduction of spreading know-how, a bigger and cheaper labour market, lower prices from providers, and a larger local demand originally shaped by the multiplier effect. These forces explain the drain of workers from small and middle-size cities to highly urbanised areas.
Figure 2. Long-term locational Gini coefficients by industries across counties
Source: own calculations from US Census decennial records.
Figure 2 shows that the tertiary sector has been geographically spread during the 20th century, while manufacturing and agriculture have been more prone to agglomeration as argued by mainstream literature (Kim 1995, Krugman 1991). The study of smaller geographical units and finer industrial scales reveals this pattern is only true until the 1980s, when skilled service employees start to agglomerate more than manufacturing. The effect may seem modest because knowledge-service clusters are spread across the big cities; these are distributed across the nation and the multiplier effect mitigates agglomeration of knowledge intensive services with aggregate services, but the contrast between metropolis and rural areas is high and snowballing. As Moretti puts it, “[m]ore than traditional industries, the knowledge economy has an inherent tendency toward geographical agglomeration” (2010).
The dual economy, revisited
“We are used to thinking of the United States in dichotomous terms: red versus blue, black versus white, haves versus have-nots”, Moretti (2010) states. In this sense, the sectorial distribution of employment across the US geography illustrates the contrast and evolution between the few megalopolises that drive the total economy, and that of the rural US. Hoover's indexes measure how disproportional the allocation of employees is in reference to the nation's distribution.
Figure 3. County Hoover's index of primary sector employees, 1930 and 1980
Source: Own calculations from US Census records.
Figure 3 shows that most counties have a ratio of employment to agriculture higher than that of the nation. In other words, this sizeable red area represents a relatively big share of employees devoted to agriculture in low populated counties, where the land-labour relation is very high because land is abundant. Moreover, wherever the relative share of agriculture was above the national average in 1930, this specialisation was exacerbated by 1980.
Figure 4. County Hoover's index of knowledge-intensive service employees, 1930 and 1980
Source: Own calculations from US Census records.
On the other hand, the share of high-skilled jobs seems an improbable event across the US geography according to Figure 4, where most of the counties perform below the national average. Only a few county-clusters close to big cities such as New York, Chicago, Los Angeles and San Francisco exceed the national proportion and produce enough services to cover the national needs, and even trade. Counties with a high share of skilled service employment attracted many more skilled jobs by 1980 as well.
Conveniently, the localisation of agricultural employees seems to overlap with the negative imbalance of high-skilled service jobs. Most red-shaded regions in Figure 3 are blue or white in Figure 4 because the localisation of skilled service workers is related to the presence of big local markets, which can only happen when the land-labour ratio is very low (in crowded areas). The local nature of the service economy as opposed to agriculture explains why its agglomeration has been missed by analysis of bigger geographical scales.
In other words, big cities are specialising in knowledge-intensive service sectors – becoming larger and attracting skilled and unskilled workers from smaller cities. As a result, workers from small cities are abandoning their hometowns in fear of becoming part of the rural US. County inequality is increasing, although big metropolitan areas in the upper-tail of the distribution are becoming more equal among themselves (Desmet and Fafchamps 2005).
The results of this thorough investigation show market size as a cause of localisation of any non-agricultural activity. The market effect is greater for services than for manufacturing, and it doubles for knowledge services. Meanwhile, natural endowments are most significant for agricultural production and seem to prevent the creation of big markets. This way, urban areas devoted to knowledge-based services enter a virtuous circle of growth, to the detriment of small cities and natural resource-endowed regions, which lack the effect of agglomeration economies. “In this context, initial advantages matter, and the future depends heavily on the past,” Moretti explains, “the success of a city fosters more success (…). Communities that fail to attract skilled workers lose further ground.” In other words, preconditions determine the localisation of industries, although American history has shown that economic policy can change the destiny of economies.
Policy responses to local economic decline
Industrial cities in the 1950s, like Detroit, Cleveland, and Akron, experienced an urban decay that led to the long-term slowdown of their economy. In contrast, cities like New York and San Francisco, whose markets were flooded with skilled labour, have remained prosperous and stayed at the head of the rankings of urbanisation. Big capitals offer spillovers and greater market potential, increasing the prospects of growth.
Past examples can bring hope of economic recovery to depressed areas. The state of Idaho – also known as ‘the Potato State' – was one of the most important providers of agricultural crops of the country in the early decades of the 20th century; however average income was low and urban areas small. In the 1950s, profiting from the vast amount of unused land, the government built the National Reactor Testing Station in the nearby desert. This research centre became an international reference calling researchers to move to Idaho Falls. Average salaries rose with local demand and population. Without the government call for skilled workers to the area, Idaho Falls would have never become this prosperous.
Concluding remarks
In conclusion, knowledge services hold a self-sustaining value for the economy. Local policymakers can foster growth by attracting high-skilled workers to a region; the multiplier effect will eventually increase the local market. Nevertheless, urban prosperity creates inequality not only between urban clusters and less populated areas but also within cities. National policies could reduce the differential by reinforcing the labour market for the low skilled.
References
Broadberry, S (1998), “How did the United States and Germany overtake Britain? A sectoral analysis of comparative productivity levels, 1870-1990”, The Journal of Economic History, 58(2): 375–407.
Carter, S and R Sutch (2006), Historical statistics of the United States (Millennial Edition), Vol 2, Work and Welfare, Cambridge University Press.
Crafts, N and A Klein (2012), “Making sense of the manufacturing belt : Determinants of US industrial location, 1880-1920”, Journal of Economic Geography, 12(4): 775–807.
Ciarli, T, V Meliciani and M Savona (2012), “Knowledge dynamics, structural change and the geography of business services”, Journal of Economic Surveys, 26(3): 445–467.
Desmet, K and M Fafchamps (2005), “Changes in the spatial concentration of employment across US counties: A sectorial analysis 1972–2000”, Journal of Economic Geography, 5(3): 261-284.
Kim, S (1995), “Expansion of markets and the geographic distribution of economic activities: The trends in US regional manufacturing structure, 1860–1987”, The Quarterly Journal of Economics, 110(4): 881–908.
Krugman, P R (1991), Geography and trade, MIT press.
Moretti, E (2010), “Local multipliers”, American Economic Review: Papers & Proceedings, 100: 373-377
____________ (2013), The new geography of jobs, Houghton Mifflin Hartcourt Publishing Company, New York.
International Labour Organisation (ILO)
US Census Bureau (2010) American Community Survey, 5-Year Estimates.
_________________ Census of Population and Housing Decennial Records.
Now the dust has settled on the government's spending review and vice-chancellors have reassured themselves that it wasn't just a dream, relief is sweeping the higher education sector. Despite the dire warnings of savage cuts, the research budget has been protected. Largely, the spending review will mean business as usual.
But there are changes in the small print. After all, savings had to be found and, as is so often the case, they've come at the cost of the most vulnerable and least able to protest. At a time in which it has been reported that student fees in England are the highest in the OECD, and the government tells us we must put “students at the centre”, students will in fact be further squeezed and those from poorer families squeezed the hardest.
Previously, students from families with an annual income below £25,000 qualified for a full grant – a somewhat misleading phrase, as it meant “full” in the sense of “the largest offered” rather than “pays all your fees”. It was worth £3,387 a year and is disappearing, to be replaced with a loan. At my university, University College London, about 25% of UK students qualify for the full grant, with many more on partial grants. If students from low-income families take out all the loans available to them, for maintenance as well as fees, they will graduate owing close to £60,000, even before interest starts to clock up.
Campaigners fussing over student loan repayments have the wrong target Read more
How will they pay it back? The basic answer is that they will pay 9% a year of earnings above the threshold of £21,000 until it is repaid, although anything remaining when they hit 55 will be written off. Until the spending review, the earning threshold was to increase with inflation. Now it is being frozen, which creates some of the future savings needed to protect the research budget. But this retrospective change sets a dangerous precedent. What next? Increase the payback rate?
But even as things stand, paying back the loan is no trivial matter. Under UK tax laws, from 2016-17 no tax will be paid on the first £10,800 of income, although national insurance, at a surprisingly high rate of 12%, kicks in at about £8,000. Between earnings of £10,800 and the new upper tax threshold of £42,700 income tax is 20%. When you add student loan repayments of 9% to tax and NI, 41% will be deducted through PAYE on earnings between £21,000 and £42,700, with any contribution to a pension plan on top.
Of course, one advantage of taking a degree is the boost to your earnings, and many graduates will, fairly soon, find themselves in the upper tax band. At this point the rate rises to 40%, but NI falls to 2%, netting out at 42%.
Looked at this way, with a lower deduction band of 32% and a higher deduction of 42%, we are far closer to a regressive flat tax regime than is generally recognised. But still, a higher-rate taxpayer with a student loan will face deductions of 51% on earnings above £42,700. If they have taken a further loan to fund a master's degree, an additional 6% loan repayment is required, leaving a measly 43p in the pocket per extra £1 earned, even before pension contributions.
These are marginal rates of taxation rarely seen since the pre-Thatcher years. But they're not for the fat cats. Rather, they hit those at a stage in life when they are trying to buy their first home and raise a family. If you are earning £50,000, you'll be paying back your student loan for 20 years or more.
Of course, if you didn't need to take out a loan, or if your family paid it all off for you, this may sound like a lot of fuss about nothing. But for students from modest backgrounds there is no fairy godmother to wave a magic wand. A university degree may well be a ticket to social mobility, but if we wanted to design a funding system to crush aspirations, we could hardly do better.
Jonathan Wolff is professor of philosophy and dean of arts and humanities at University College London
Advertisement
Advertisement
Kurdish-led military forces announced that they have captured a military base held by ISIS located less than 80 kilometers away from the extremist group's headquarters in Raqqa, Syria. The unprecedented seizure of the Liwa 93 military base comes at a time when ISIS is gaining significant ground in western Syria against the Assad regime and simultaneously clashing with coalition groups deep in Iraq. Smaller, more moderate Syrian rebel groups and US-led airstrikes assisted in the offensive on the base north of Raqqa, which also saw the capture of the key Tel Abyad border crossing from the jihadi group last week.
In January of this year after four months of fighting the Kurdish People's Protection Units, known as the YPG, defeated ISIS for control of Kobane on the Turkish-Syrian border.
Advertisement
Since then, the YPG have made progress against the jihadis, notably cutting off supply routes from the north. Within Iraq, coalition forces recaptured the city of Tikrit but lost the provincial capital of Anbar, Ramadi, to ISIS. Iraqi Kurds have also been consistently active in opposing ISIS near the autonomous Kurdish region in the northeast of Iraq.
The Turkish government expressed concern over possible ethnic unrest in the region as Kurdish groups liberate and consolidate territory from ISIS in the border areas. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK watchdog agency, reported that there have been no cases of systematic abuse by YPG units, though there have been individual cases.
Advertisement
Top Videos of the Day
The Syrian government has on occasion clashed with Kurdish units, and has recently accused them of "separatist aims."
The advance of Syrian Kurds in the area definitely serves to bolster their legitimacy and bargaining power amidst the perpetual Conflict in both Syria and Iraq. They now control some 400 kilometers of territory between the Turkish border and ISIS-controlled areas. The Kurds in Syria have stated they are not interested in forming an independent state, but rather wish to pursue greater autonomy within a future state.
It is very unlikely that we'll see Michael Kidd-Gilchrist back on the court during this current season due to another torn labrum in their right shoulder.
That is quite the bummer since it will prevent the Charlotte Hornets from ever fielding a fully healthy roster this season with Al Jefferson's return still looming. Such circumstances will also disallow the franchise from seeing how good of a roster it actually has. The Hornets now only have a tiny sample size of Nicolas Batum playing alongside MKG as they have to figure out who is their future partner on the wing.
Moreover, the present situation is also something that bothers one's mind with "what could have been" scenarios. Was this 5-2 record with Michael Kidd-Gilchrist back indicative of anything? How about their net rating of +15.2 (110.2 - 95.0) in seven games and 205 minutes? Or the +21.8 net rating of the starters with MKG? Was this team capable of mucking up the seedings in between the 3rd and 6th place in the East?
One thing is for sure. No matter how much noise might be in those numbers, Kidd-Gilchrist (as always) had a positive influence on the team.
Here are not only some of the things that the Hornets will miss as a team during their downtime but also some notable positives from the Kentucky Wildcat's short time back:
MKG Shooting Threes
Him actually shooting from downtown is probably the most important aspect about their comeback. Last season MKG played 1587 minutes and somehow didn't attempt a single three the whole year. Desmond Mason and Corliss Williamson are the only other perimeter wings to have done that since 1999-00, per Basketball-Reference.
Teams obviously were still ignoring them off the ball during this short-lived comeback. Charlotte is a long way away from Mike being respected out there as the league usually takes its time before catching up with the newest shooting improvements made by certain players.
Washington was capable of closing out the game with John Wall guarding MKG. Wall would then hop in from the weak-side to yuck up spacing for Hornets' pick-and-rolls.
Kidd-Gilchrist making three threes in seven games won't cut it. There will likely have to be a 100 three-pointer season before they escape the label of a space clogger. For all we know, they might not even get there. Moreover, some do achieve that and turn out to be unreliable when an opposing team dares them to shoot in a playoff series (case in point - Thabo Sefolosha).
However, the fact that they are comfortable with taking them and can make them is a start. Here's Chicago overloading the side of the ball on a Nicolas Batum post up and Kidd-Gilchrist punishing them with a three-pointer for rotating off of him:
That is encouraging. Hopefully, we'll see more of this during the 2016-17 season.
Pushing the Ball in Transition
Having a constant source of opportunities for easy buckets is something that can help an offensively limited player (and the team, on the whole). In MKG's case, they got off to a fine start to their season by finding said buckets. The team's offensive rating (110.2) with them on the court is evidence that they provided enough of them not to limit the Hornets.
At least for this seven-game stretch they were able to offset whatever spacing issues their presence on the court creates and reach a career-high both in points per game (12.7) and points per 36 minutes (15.6).
One of the reasons for that was Kidd-Gilchrist constantly pushing the ball in transition. MKG posted a 30.0% frequency (the percentage of times a player executes a given play type) of attacking in transition, a mark good enough for a spot in the league's top5 (unsurprisingly, Garrett Temple is first and Corey Brewer is right behind him).
Moreover, Kidd-Gilchrist ranks in the 90th percentile as the small forward produced 1.33 points per possession on transition plays.
Once the 22-year-old got the ball in the backcourt, they had their mind settled on attacking the opposition. Even the less favorable prospects of a one-on-three break didn't hurt MKG's confidence.
Some of the old problems were present as well though. He's still too reliant on their right hand and thus was suspect of turning the ball over or getting blocked at the rim (particularly when going up with their right hand on the left side). Be that as it may, their speed and strength renders them as an unstoppable locomotive on most transition drives.
Crashing the Glass
A fair amount of those transition plays start with a rebound which is self-explanatory. Players are the least ready to check their match-up right after the shot has gone up on offense. If one is a capable rebounder and attacker in transition, you have good odds of catching the opponent in a vulnerable place by attacking right after grabbing the rebound.
This is partially possible just because Kidd-Gilchrist for the fourth season in a row probably would have been the team's best influence rebounding-wise. Charlotte's 57.7 REB% (the percentage of total rebounds a team obtains while the particular player is on the court) with MKG on the court would obviously come back to earth but the overall point stays the same.
The Hornets once again rebound the best when Kidd-Gilchrist plays and rebound the worst whenever they hit the bench (at this point they barely trail the leader, Jeremy Lin, which would make for a second time they don't finish exactly first in one of the on/off stats but second).
It isn't only limited to defensive rebounding where coach Steve Clifford's Hornets are close to a three-peat as they are leading the league in DREB% for the third straight year. The MKG rebounding effect also applies to offense where their presence on the court turns the team, which religiously avoids chasing rebounds, into a contender for a top10 OREB% spot in the league.
 They are the lone perimeter player who has Clifford's permission to chase offensive rebounds and they use this authorization wisely. The defensive-minded forward acknowledges the value Steve Clifford puts on transition defense (and oftentimes the abilities of their assignment) and will dart right back after the battle for the rebound is lost.
Very rarely do the Hornets get hurt because of Kidd-Gilchrist searching for offensive rebounds. And they do that plenty of times. Whether it's them bodying up a smaller match-up, noticing the lack of attention by their man or just hanging around the paint while the shot is being taken, They will go after it.
The results certainly outweigh whatever the team might lose in transition. Sometimes it isn't even about MKG getting to score himself. The chaos they create down low helps a teammate find an open gimmie.
For a team with an supposed offensive disadvantage due to the Kentucky Wildcat's lack of shooting, winning the rebounding battle (a rare achievement otherwise due to Charlotte abandoning the offensive glass) is also a source of easy points.
Again, just like with the points in transition, all of this is neat, yet it would have been interesting to see whether Mike is capable of keeping this up for a longer stretch of time. Their scoring and the asupervisorstioned transition and rebounding numbers certainly looked very good...
Defense
Well, duh... Last but not the least is Kidd-Gilchrist's body of work on defense.
It has been covered plenty of times and we all know about it well enough for me not to get into it. The New Jersey native was their own self on defense despite the long hiatus and it's the side of basketball on which they help the Hornets the most.
P.J. Hairston will probably once again be involved and in all fairness to them - quite few people are capable of replacing Kidd-Gilchrist on that end of the court.
The isolation stars of the league can breathe a sigh of relief.
Leaders of the Alpha Delta Pi sorority from the University of Texas prepare to welcome new members into their sorority house. (Twitter)
The short video by the Alpha Delta Pi sorority has been criticized for its lack of diversity.
A video made by female students from the University of Texas's Alpha Delta Pi sorority, which has gone viral, has been described as "the stuff of nightmares" with a frightening lack of diversity.
The footage shows three young women welcoming new recruits to their sorority house in Austin, Texas.
They then open the front doors to reveal rows and rows of screaming sorority sisters chanting, clapping and bobbing up and down.
The video has been viewed and shared thousands of times on social media , with #SororityNightmare taking off on Twitter.
Some people pointed out the faces of the sorority members pictured in the video are all white.
Other people have just likened the video to a vision of hell, thanks to the manic chanting and wiggling of fingers.
One thing you do have to give them - they are impressively in sync!
Tune in to #TheFeedSBS at 7.30pm Monday - Friday on SBS 2, stream live, or follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, or Vine.
.
Each year, awards are given out for a variety of worthy categories, like Best Director or Best Supporting Actress. We at Flixist agree that greatness must be recognized, and as such we have put up a plethora of awards posts to celebrate. And yes, El Guapo, I know what a plethora is. But in true Flixist fashion, we take the extra step, and proudly bring you The Flixist Beard Awards. There is nothing more fantastic than a truly awesome beard or 'stache, so we thought, "Hey, lets celebrate this too." Join us after the jump, where we recognize some truly inspiring (and a few tragic) man-beards.
Each year, awards are given out for a variety of worthy categories, like Best Director or Best Supporting Actress. We at Flixist agree that greatness must be recognized, and as such we have put up a plethora of awards posts to celebrate. And yes, El Guapo, I know what a plethora is. But in true Flixist fashion, we take the extra step, and proudly bring you The Flixist Beard Awards. There is nothing more fantastic than a truly awesome beard or 'stache, so we thought, "Hey, lets celebrate this too." Join us after the jump, where we recognize some truly inspiring (and a few tragic) man-beards.{{page_break}}
Best Unkempt Beard: Tom Hanks in Castaway
Tom Hanks. Tom. Hanks. Seriously, they are awesome. There may be no actor that defines American cinema since the 1980's better than this powerhouse. Their roles are as unique as the genres they lie in, from powerful dramas like Philadelphia to cameos in animated comedies (The Simpsons Movie). Their boy-trapped-in-a-man's-body in Big was nothing short of brilliant, but their greatest physical transformation was in Castaway, where they put on a tremendous amount of weight, lost it, and grew out their now award-winning beard. Congratulations Mister Hanks, even your facial hair is worthy of an Oscar.
Runner-Up: Joaquin Phoenix in I'm Still Here
Best Animated Beard: King Triton in The Little Mermaid
King Triton is impressive in stature and commands respect throughout the seas. Much of their powerful presence stems from their flowing white beard, which is at once grandfatherly and god-like. King Triton narrowly beats out Aladdin's Jafar, whose black-as-his-heart goatee is the perfect oily facial hair for one of Disney's greatest villains. Triton, however, demands attention as the patriarch of the seas, and their beard is not as much an addition to their face as it is a symbol of their unflinching power over the dominion in which they reside.
Runner-Up: Jafar in Aladdin
Best Beard in a supporting Role: Co-winners: Luke Wilson in The Royal Tenenbaums and Bruce Willis in What Just Happened
It was tough to pick a winner in this category, because it would mean someone had to be runner-up. So we have decided to split this award in half (fitting, if you have seen these movies). Luke Wilson sports a beard for much of Tenenbaums, before shaving it off in a wrenching suicide attempt scored by Elliot Smith's “Needle in the Hay.” The apparent suicide of Smith themselves adds to the emotional gravitas of the scene, a fact clearly not lost on Wes Anderson. On the other end of the spectrum is Willis's tongue-in-cheek cameo aside Robert De Niro in What Just Happened, a look into the world of film production. Willis refuses to shave off their beard for a role, and locks themselves in their trailer while they fight with producers. The cast and crew sit anxiously as Willis is coaxed to come out, and when they finally emerge, exactly half their face is cleanly shaved. Willis hasn't compromised their hairmask, but they have given the royal finger to the film studio. “Shoot my profile, bitches.”
Most Impressive Beard: Sir Ian McKellan in LOTR
One of the most iconic beards in recent film history is the lengthy white beard favored by Sir Ian McKellan as Gandalf the Grey/White in Lord of the Rings. Gandalf's tremendous, flowing beard serves as a reminder of their age and represents their status within the film as a kindly grandfather figure to the traveling hobbits. You would be hard pressed to find a more impressive beard on film, and there are few actors that appear as distinguished as McKellan. Taking away Gandalf's beard would be like putting extensions on Ivan Drago.
Runner-Up: Pai Mei in Kill Bill: Volume II
Best Stubble: Clint Eastwood in The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly
Clint Eastwood is the most iconic Westerns actor since John Wayne, and their perpetual stubble is no accident. Playing a drifter in search of gold in TGTBaTU, Eastwood pairs the cool of McQueen with the toughness of Bogart to form a soft-spoken rogue uniquely suited to handle the American West. “Blondie,” as they are affectionately called, spends much of their time in the brutal elements of America's frontier, and the last thing on their mind is looking presentable. If they aren't busy saving outlaws for money, they are chewing their ever-present cigar stub, and they rarely spend time cleaning up their chiseled mug. Manscaping? I wouldn't mention that around this gunslinger; you're liable to be left hanging.
Runner-Up: Humphrey Bogart in Treasure of the Sierra Madre
Best Mustache: Daniel Plainview in There Will Be Blood
DDL narrowly beats out our runner-up for Best ‘Stache because they are a damn fine actor and their character had much more depth. Daniel Plainview is a twisted bi-product of the Frontier American Dream, a man so possessed with making their own way they can't be bothered to clean up the mess they leaf behind. If you aren't for him, you're against him, and we all saw how that turns out. Plainview took no prisoners, and proved that you can climb to the top (as long as it's on the backs of others).
Runner-Up: Sam Elliot as The Stranger in The Big Lebowski
The Justin Bie-Beard Award: (The Worst facial hair or beard) John Travolta in The Taking of Pelham 123
There are a lot of awful beards on film, but none so utterly ineffective and silly as John Travolta's facial travesty in The Taking of Pelham 123. Although technically not a beard, this mess was too awful to let slide. A beard connotes many things, like strength, masculinity, virility, and ruggedness. This embarrassment conveys laziness, apathy, and grease. Seriously, what's wrong with you? It looks like you found that mess behind a barbershop.
Runner-Up: Samuel L. Jackson in Jackie Brown
Lifetime Beard Achievement Award: Toshiro Mifune
If you haven't acquainted yourself with Toshiro Mifune, I'll wait. Done? Good. Toshiro Mifune is a mainstay in many classic Akira Kurosawa films, playing the often flawed, occasionally comic, mostly tragic hero. They appear in samurai epics, Shakespeare adaptations, and even contemporary stories of greed, ambition, adventure, and, frequently, death. Although their characters come from every walk of life, they are almost always bearded. Mifune even plays the lead in a film called Red Beard. There may be no actor as associated with their facial hair as Mifune, earning them our Lifetime Beard Achievement Award.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
PROVIDENCE, R.I.  Brown University's library boasts an unusual anatomy book. Tanned and polished to a smooth golden brown, its cover looks and feels no different from any other fine leather.
But here's its secret: the book is bound in human skin.
A number of prestigious libraries  including Harvard University's  have such books in their collections. While the idea of making leather from human skin seems bizarre and cruel today, it was not uncommon in centuries past, said Laura Hartman, a rare book cataloger at the National Library of Medicine in Maryland and author of a paper on the subject.
An article from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch from the late 1800s "suggests that it was common, but it also indicates it wasn't talked about in polite society," Hartman said.
The best libraries then belonged to private collectors. Some were doctors who had access to skin from amputated parts and patients whose bodies were not claimed.
They found human leather to be relatively cheap, durable and waterproof, Hartman said.
In other cases, wealthy bibliophiles may have acquired the skin from criminals who were executed, cadavers used in medical schools and people who died in the poor house, said Sam Streit, director of Brown's John Hay Library.
The library has three books bound in human skin  the anatomy text and two 19th century editions of "The Dance of Death," a medieval morality tale.
One copy of "The Dance of Death" dates to 1816 but was rebound in 1893 by Joseph Zaehnsdorf, a master binder in London. A note to their client reports that they did not have enough skin and had to split it.
The front cover, bound in the outer layer of the epidermis, has a slightly bumpy texture, like soft sandpaper. The spine and back cover, made from the inner layer of skin, feels like suede.
Zaehnsdorf probably left the covers plain to showcase the material, Streit said.
Brown's other "Dance of Death" edition, done in 1898, is more elaborately decorated with inlays of black leather and a gold-tooled skull. But a closer examination reveals the pores of the skin's former owner.
The story, Streit said, is about how death prevails over all, rich or poor. As with many of the skin-bound books, "there was some tie in with the content of the book," they said.
While human leather may be repulsive to contemporary society, libraries can ethically have the books in their collections if they are used respectfully for academic research and not displayed as objects of curiosity, says Paul Wolpe of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania.
"There is a certain distancing that history gives us from certain kinds of artifacts," Wolpe said, noting that museums often have bones from archaeological sites. "If you had called me and said these are books from Nazi Germany, I would have a very different response."
The Boston Athenaeum, a private library, has an 1837 copy of George Walton's memoirs bound in their own skin. Walton was a highwayman  a robber who specialized in ambushing travelers  and they left the volume to one of their victims, John Fenno. Fenno's daughter gave it to the library.
The Cleveland Public Library has a Quran that may have been bound in the skin of its previous owner, an Arab tribal leader. Pam Eyerdam, head of the library's fine arts and special collections department, said they may have wanted to immortalize himself.
"People kept their family histories written in Bibles, and what is a Quran?" they said.
Many of the volumes bound in human skin are medical books.
The College of Physicians of Philadelphia has four bound by Dr. John Stockton Hough, known for diagnosing the city's first case of trichinosis. They used that patient's skin to bind three of the volumes.
"The hypothesis that I was suggesting is that these physicians did this to honor the people who furthered medical research," Hartman said.
It's not clear whether the patients knew what would happen to their bodies. In most cases, the skin appears to have come from poor people who had no one to claim their remains.
Hough's patient was a 28-year-old Irish widow.
"Chances are they were very poor," Hartman said. "I don't know the family situation, but maybe no one came to claim the body?"
In most cases, universities and other libraries acquired the books as donations or as part of collections they purchased.
An alumnus donated the anatomy book to Brown. A 1568 edition of Belgian surgeon Andreas Vesalius' "De Humani Corporis Fabrica," it was a primary anatomy text for centuries and is still used by classes, Streit said.
The Harvard Law School Library bought its copy of a 1605 practice manual for Spanish lawyers decades ago, for $42.50 from an antiquarian books dealer in New Orleans. It sat on a shelf unnoticed until the early 1990s, when curator David Ferris was going through the library catalogue and saw a note, copied from inside the cover, saying it was bound in the skin of a man named Jonas Wright.
DNA tests were inconclusive  the genetic material having been destroyed by the tanning process  but the library had a box made to store the book and now keeps it on a special shelf.
"We felt we couldn't set it just next to someone else's law books," Ferris said.
But especially for the rebels, there is an amateurishness to the fighting that began as a protest and became an armed uprising.
“We're here because we want to be,” said one of the fighters, Mohammed Fawzi.
Their sense of a spontaneous gathering offers a prism through which to understand the war: the front at Ras Lanuf is the most militarized version of Tahrir Square in Cairo, where hundreds of thousands wrote a script of opposition and street theater that brought down a strongman everyone thought would die in office. The fighting here feels less like combat in the conventional sense and more like another form of frustrated protest.
Some vehicles bear the inscription Joint Security Committee, but nothing is all that coordinated across a landscape that seems anarchic and lacking in leadership. Fighters don leather jackets from Turkey, Desert Fox-style goggles, ski masks, cowboy hats and World War II-era British waistcoats.
Slogans are scrawled in the street just miles from the fighting. “Muammar is a dog,” one reads. A man who bicycled for three days from Darnah, far to the east, became a local celebrity at the front. Free food is offered, as it was in the canteens in Tahrir, and fighters rummaged through donated clothes. “These are American jeans!” one shouted.
Photo
Young men revel in the novelty of having no one to tell them not to play with guns. “God is great!” rings out whenever a volley of bullets is fired into the air.
“Some guys consider this a lot of fun, and they're hoping the war lasts a lot longer,” said Marwan Buhidma, a 21-year-old computer student who credited video games with helping them figure out how to operate a 14.5-millimeter antiaircraft battery.
An hour or so before Friday's headlong retreat, a gaggle of young men in aviator sunglasses and knit caps danced on military hardware, thrusting weapons into the air.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Where is the house of the guy with really bad hair?” they chanted, referring to Colonel Qaddafi, jumping on spent cartridges and empty milk cartons. “Let's go down the road and see it!”
The protests across the Arab world have disparate demands — from power-sharing in Bahrain to the dismantling of the regime in Egypt. But the demographic shift they represent as a generation comes of age is their constant. It is no different in Libya, where the young look at their parents' lives in disgust and vow that they will not live without dignity, a say in their future and a constitution — a catchall term for the rule of law.
Nearly 70 percent of Libya's population is under the age of 34, virtually identical to Egypt's, and a refrain at the front or faraway in the mountain town of Bayda is that a country blessed with the largest oil reserves in Africa should have better schools, hospitals, roads and housing across a land dominated by Soviet-era monotony.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“People here didn't revolt because they were hungry, because they wanted power or for religious reasons or something,” said Abdel-Rahman al-Dihami, a young man from Benghazi who had spent days at the front. “They revolted because they deserve better.”
The seeming justice of that revolt has prompted moments of naïveté — time and again, young people express amazement that Colonel Qaddafi's forces would deploy tanks and warplanes against them — with an incipient and unpredictable frustration over demands unmet.
The revolt remains amorphous, but already, religion has emerged as an axis around which to focus opposition to Colonel Qaddafi's government, especially across a terrain where little unites it otherwise. The sermon at the front on Friday framed the revolt as a crusade against an infidel leader. “This guy is not a Muslim,” said Jawdeh al-Fakri, the prayer leader. “He has no faith.”
Photo
Deserting officers have offered what leadership there is, along with some men who call themselves veterans of fighting in Afghanistan or an Islamist insurgency in eastern Libya in the 1990s. The shift remains tentative — and far short of the accusations made by Colonel Qaddafi that they face an insurgency led by Al Qaeda — but even the opposition acknowledges the threat of radicalization in a drawn-out conflict.
Dr. Langhi, the surgeon, said they scolded rebels who called themselves mujahedeen — a religious term for pious fighters. “This isn't our situation,” they pleaded. “This is a revolution.”
Sitting on ammunition boxes, four young men from Benghazi debated the war, as they watched occasional volleys of antiaircraft guns fired at nothing. They promised victory but echoed the anger heard often these days at the United States and the West for failing to impose a no-flight zone, swelling a sense of abandonment. Salah Mughrabi, a 24-year-old chemical engineer without a job, pondered what might follow their defeat.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“You can't imagine the fire that's going to come,” they said. “Fire.”
The sense of citizenship and empowerment was one of the most remarkable legacies of Egypt's uprising. Young people there often made the point that they no longer thought about emigration to Persian Gulf states or the West now that they had a country to build.
None of the four men here wanted to stay in Libya. Mr. Mughrabi and a friend planned to go to America, another to Italy. The last said Afghanistan. Each described the litany of woes of their parents — 40 years of work and they were consigned to hovels.
“My father has nothing,” Mr. Mughrabi said. “And I ask you: Why?”
Across the street was the antiaircraft battery of Mr. Buhidma, the video gamer.
Their features were too soft for the street's martial cast, and their eyes welled up as they recalled two friends killed in Benghazi at the start of the uprising. They said they missed television and complained of the hooligans at the front who had stolen guns and cars.
“Some of them are cowards,” they said. “Let's say traitors.”
A week before, they and a friend had caught a ride to the front, picking up a deserting officer along the way in Adjadbiya to lead them. Patriotism, they said, was their motivation, but they wondered whether they were willing to die in a war.
“I really haven't made my decision yet,” they said. “I'll let fate decide.”
Men piled ammunition into pickups that advanced to the front and retreated from it. “God is great and to them praise,” shouted some as they caught rides. Cars careered past that read variously “Popular Army,” “Free Libyan Army” and “The Army of Feb. 17.” As on past days, hours more awaited before fighting began in the afternoon.
“I don't know what to call this,” Mr. Buhidma said, their voice earnest. “Do you consider this war, or civil war, or religious war? It's confusing to me, very confusing. I don't know.”
Photographs courtesy of the author
It may have escaped your attention. (Okay, it probably hasn't.) But Game of Thrones is back on our TV screens for another season of intrigue, nudity and gratuitous violence.
In recent years the success of the HBO series has seen George R. R. Martin's blood-spattered tale of murder and machinations grow from a cult fantasy hit to a global pop-culture phenomenon. It's also generated a thriving spin-off industry, with comic books, T-shirts and cutesy action figures all based on the books and TV adaption.
This rampant tide of merchandising extends into gaming, too. There's a licensed RPG which met with mixed reviews on its release, and Californian studio Telltale Games produced an episodic, story-driven adventure game which has earned praise from fans and critics.
But if you'd like to really immerse yourself in gaming in the Seven Kingdoms, you need to power off your PC, because the most intense, challenging interpretations of the Song of Ice and Fire series aren't to be found in the digital realm. They're on your living room table.
As I've written before on VICE, tabletop games have become surprisingly awesome in recent years, and there are some rich, deep, faithful analogue adaptations of A Game of Thrones to discover. A Game of Thrones: The Board Game casts you as the leader of one of the great houses of Westeros, raising armies, seizing territories and overcoming your rivals with a mix of military might and sheer, heartless betrayal. A Song of Ice and Fire Roleplaying takes a more personal approach, putting you and your friends into the shoes of individual characters in the series' timeline and letting you play your way through unfolding events like a darker, bloodier Dungeons & Dragons.
Accomplished as these offerings are, though, there's another game that gives you the chance to indulge in some wanton backstabbing and brutality in this iconic setting, and it may just be the best of the bunch.
Originally designed by board gaming maestro Eric Lang, A Game of Thrones: The Card Game takes everything you've come to expect from its source material – political scheming, sinister magic, sudden and horrible death – and distils it into a condensed and dangerously addictive formula. Recently rebooted in a new edition headed by designer Nate French, it challenges players to build customised decks from a pool of hundreds of available cards representing the characters, locations and pivotal events of the original novels before pitting them against one another in a battle for the Iron Throne.
If you've ever played the likes of Hearthstone or Magic: The Gathering, this might sound a bit familiar, and on first inspection, A Game of Thrones shares a lot of similarities with other strategy card games. It sees you mounting assaults against your rivals, defending against their counter-attacks and desperately trying to eliminate their biggest threats before they can unceremoniously slaughter your carefully constructed forces.
Dig a bit deeper, though, and it soon becomes clear that this is much more than a cheap attempt to cash in on a popular franchise. A Game of Thrones may have some things in common with other titles, but at its heart it's a very different beast.
"This game couldn't be more thematically perfect if it came with a severed head in the box."
For one thing, it challenges you to build not one, but two decks: one containing all of the characters, territories and equipment under your control, and another representing plots, schemes and strategies that will help you smash your enemies and establish yourself as ruler of the Seven Kingdoms. These plot cards come with some dramatic effects, letting you search your deck for crucial cards, nullifying your opponents' attacks or wiping out half of the characters in play – including your own – in an indiscriminate wildfire assault.
And where other games can have a narrow focus on combat, A Game of Thrones is more nuanced. Yes, you can launch military attacks, but you can also attempt to dominate rivals using your political clout, or to undermine them with carefully crafted intrigues. Choosing which of these plans to pursue and picking the right moment to launch your schemes makes for some agonisingly difficult decisions, and this is a game that isn't shy about layering complexity on top of complexity until you're presented with a succession of brain-melting situations with no obvious best course of action.
Article continues after the video below
But where the game really shines is in its attention to the flavour, theme and atmosphere of the stories that inspired it – not just in terms of its lavish artwork, but in the way it captures the essence of the series in its core mechanics.
Play the Red Woman, Melisandre and you'll be able to temporarily disable opponents' characters, seducing them with the fiery allure of R'hllor. Attack with The Hound and there's a chance that he'll bugger off as soon as the fight's over, the limits of their shaky loyalty exhausted. Add Catelyn Stark to your deck and she'll become more powerful every time another member of their family is killed, allowing them to do what they do best: embark on ill-advised side quests that end in their pointless and hideous demise.
New on VICE Sports: How New Technology Killed American Men's Tennis
Every character and faction plays just as you'd expect, and this game couldn't be more thematically perfect if it came with a severed head in the box. It's packed with tough tactical decisions and crunchy, demanding gameplay, but it still manages to feel like an epic story playing out on your tabletop. Characters under your command develop their own plotlines and identities, and long after the game ends you'll find yourself looking fondly back at the time Stannis Baratheon ended up hopelessly hooked on milk of the poppy, or when Tyrion Lannister cheated death at the hands of rampaging wildlings only to be ruthlessly savaged by a pack of adorable direwolf puppies.
A Game of Thrones does have some flaws, one being that you'll need to buy three copies of its core set to unlock its full deck-building potential. In fairness, though, that still works out cheaper than a single competitive Magic: The Gathering deck. A bigger problem might be finding some fellow players, especially if you don't live near a game shop that takes part in publisher Fantasy Flight's organised play programme.
But if you're a Game of Thrones fan looking for a deep, compelling game to obsess over, this is it. Play a few games and you'll soon realise that you couldn't stop if you wanted to. You win, or you die.
@glaswista
More from VICE Gaming:
'LOUD on Planet X' Is Scratching My Growing Rhythm Action Itch
'Star Fox Zero' Is a Lesson in the Value of Patience
These Are Some of Video Gaming's Most Disturbing Moments
The Chief Executive of Wexford Chamber of Commerce has said they believe that the Central Bank should remove 1c and 2c coins nationally after a successful trial in the town.
Speaking on RTÉ's News at One, Madeleine Quirke said there was very positive feedback after the trial.
A total of 250 shops took part in the trial during September, October and half of November.
Retailers rounded up or down total purchases to the nearest 5c to avoid using 1c or 2c coins.
Ms Quirke said the feedback showed that it had all balanced out.
"Shops didn't make money on it and consumers didn't lose out. From everyone's point of view it was beneficial."
Asked whether it could work nationally, they said: "I think it can and I think it will. It seems to be very, very popular, certainly from the merchants' point of view.
"The consumers obviously would be a little worried that if the one and two cent were done away with completely, that we might be in a position where prices would rise.
"But from the Central Bank's point of view, the guidelines have been very, very strict with regard to the trial. And if any rollout nationally follows on the back of what has happened, I would have no hesitation in saying it's a good thing all round."
Apple's new iOS 9 didn't really change much from iOS 8, with the exception of a few tiny features like low-power mode, app thinning, a smarter caller ID, and a news app.
While the small upgrades mean most iPhone users won't have to learn anything new, they shouldn't simply keep using their phones as if nothing's changed. As Quartz noted, anyone who has upgraded should go through the new operating system and pay special attention to the “Settings.” Failure to do so could cost you big time when your cell phone bill comes.
Hidden at the very bottom of the “Cellular” tab in settings, there's a toggle called “Wi-Fi Assist.” The default setting in iOS 9 is for “Wi-Fi Assist” to be on. When it's activated, the iPhone will use cellular data—from your cell phone plan—to supplement the Wi-Fi if the router signal is weak. Though the option will boost your phone speed, it will also most certainly tax your data plan. And if you don't have unlimited data, it wouldn't be hard to hit your usage maximum quickly and potentially go over.
So if this is likely to be a problem for you, simply turn “Wi-Fi Assist” off.
Read next: Use this tool to find the best cellphone plan for you.
What would London be without cars? Well, imagine James Bond on a doubledecker instead of driving an Aston Martin; London, like most capital cities, is full of drivers. And we need more.
But it seems that jumping in the car and going for a spin doesn't appeal to everyone. Last week, around 100 green activists staged a die-in outside the Department of Transport in central London. The protesters, all cyclists, were calling for cleaner air and demanding that the new mayor do something about it.
As protesters brandishing ‘stop killing cyclists' placards wandered around in their high-vis jackets and panniers, it was hard not to be a little sceptical. The new green fanaticism, which hates everything mechanised and embraces all things natural, is intolerant. Rather than putting forward better ideas for how London could expand and accommodate both cyclists and drivers, these greens demand that London drivers be curtailed. ‘The drivers should stay indoors' one MAMIL (middle-aged man in lycra) told spiked. ‘240,000 people have died since this government came to power', said another.
No one makes wild claims like green activists. We don't live in the pea-souper days of the Fifties, and yet the greens are still hellbent on scaremongering about poisonous air. Debra, a ‘mother with an asthmatic child', gave a speech to the crowd about their son's cough, while the child nodded along with a concerned look. Despite the fact that many children grow out of asthma, they bemoaned their son's dire situation. They didn't want to live in a place with cars and buses. ‘We want a city fit for humans and children', they said.
A Green Party member for Islington Council told us that it was imperative for the safety of our children that we ban diesel engines from London immediately and impose an ‘ultra-low emissions zone'. This would mean implementing ‘a road-pricing system that charges drivers based on how much pollution their car produces, how big the engine is, the distance they're travelling, and how much public transport there is available in the area'.
Now, if, like me, even the prospect of a flight of stairs makes you feel tired, the idea of having to cycle across London instead of driving is awful. But not only is it bad news for the exercise-phobes among us, it would be completely impractical for the majority of London's population. The same greens that go on about the blight of smog-bound families clearly don't care about the sheer misery that poor parents would have to endure to cart their kids around on public transport. A further charge on drivers, especially for those who don't have expensive, super-green hybrid models, would penalise poorer Londoners.
Despite the fact that so many people need cars, driving in London is a nightmare. After adding up the cost of insurance, parking, congestion charges and fuel, you'd almost have to take out a bank loan to get a car. London is full of people who can't drive and are reliant on slow and complicated public transport in order to get them from A to B. Everyone should have all options open to them, rather than having to pick between sweating it out on the Tube or freezing on a bike.
The car is one of modern society's greatest inventions. Cars have allowed people to travel to places they'd never be able to visit previously. And we're supposed to give all that up to be saddle-sore instead? Though I don't buy the protesters' claim that Londoners are dropping like flies from air pollution, or that every person diagnosed with asthma is a victim of an exhaust pipe, it would be very easy to improve our streets in London: we should produce cars that run on cleaner fuel with the same power and at the same price; expand our roads so we can fit in more cars, buses, vans, lorries and bikes; and we should plant more trees.
Above all, we must demand that the new mayor makes life in London freer for everyone, not pander to the scaremongering of eco-activism. London is a busy, sometimes dirty, capital city. Reactionary eco-warriors who argue for less have got it wrong. London needs more cars, more drivers, bigger roads and cheaper fuel. London can't run on two wheels.
Ella Whelan is a assistant editor at spiked. Follow them on Twitter: @Ella_M_Whelan
Visions for London is a series of mini manifestos aimed at raising the stakes in the upcoming London mayoral election.
Pictures and interviews by Henry Kenyon.
BRADENTON, Fla. (Feb. 12, 2014) – The Chicago Fire Soccer Club defeated D.C. United 1-0 Wednesday morning in a preseason friendly at the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Fla.
In the 75th minute, Victor Pineda found Benji Joya on the left flank. The U.S. Youth International settled the ball and with a curving, right-footed shot, bent the ball just out of Willis' reach for the only goal of the match.
Using the final game of the Bradenton training camp to further evaluate talent, Fire Head Coach Frank Yallop employed a total of 21 players in the match. The Fire have not conceded a goal in four preseason games.
The Men in Red return to Chicago Wednesday evening to regroup before closing out preseason from Feb. 15 – March 2 in Tucson, Ariz., as part of the Desert Diamond Cup where they will face fellow MLS sides Colorado Rapids and New England Revolution, and USL PDL side FC Tucson.
The Fire will host 2013 MLS Supporters' Shield winners New York Red Bulls for Opening Day, presented by Giordano's Chicago Pizza, at Toyota Park on Sunday, March 23 at 2:00 p.m. CT. The Men in Red begin their 17th season two weeks prior on the road when they visit Chivas USA at the StubHub Center in Carson, Calif., on Sunday, March 9 at 2:00 p.m. CT.
Single game tickets to the Fire's 17 MLS Regular Season home matches and to the July 26 international friendly against Barclay's Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur FC are now available via Ticketmaster and www.Chicago-Fire.com.
Chicago Fire 1 – 0 D.C. United
Chicago Fire: Sean Johnson; Lovel Palmer (Marco Franco* 61'), Bakary Soumare (Patrick Ianni 61'), Jhon Kennedy Hurtado (Austin Berry 61'), Gonzalo Segares (Parker Walsh^ 61'); Patrick Nyarko (Yazid Atouba 61'), Jeff Larentowicz © (Harry Shipp 61'), Alex (Benji Joya 61'), Dilly Duka (Victor Pineda 61'); Chris Rolfe (Quincy Amarikwa 61'), Juan Luis Anangono (Grant Ward^ 61')
* - 2014 MLS SuperDraft Pick
^- Guest Player
D.C. United: Bill Hamid (Joe Willis 46'); Sean Franklin (Taylor Kemp 62'), Bobby Boswell (Steve Birnbaum 62'), Jeff Parke (Conor Shanosky 62'), Christian Fernandez (Jalen Robinson 62'); Davy Arnaud (Kyle Porter 56'), Perry Kitchen (Barnes 62'), Jared Jeffrey (Lewis Neal 48') (Victor Munoz 72'), Nick DeLeon (Christiano Francois 58'); Eddie Johnson (Conor Doyle 62'), Fabian Espindola (Luis Silva 62')
Scoring Summary
CHI – Benji Joya (Victor Pineda) 75'
Misconduct Summary
DC – Davy Arnaud (caution) 35'
DC – Kyle Porter (caution) 72'
CHI – Grant Ward (caution) 85'
By DAVID GROVES
(April 21, 2016) — Bloomberg reports that Boeing Co. shares tumbled Wednesday after an analyst downgraded the stock to “underperform” and said the company stood little chance of fully recovering the $32 billion that's been sunk into developing the 787 Dreamliner jet. Despite the company's assurances, some analysts believe the 787 will never turn a profit. In fact, Boeing is under investigation by the federal government for possibly cooking the books to make the plane look like it pencils out.
All of this is the proud legacy of former Boeing CEO Jim McNerney.
Diamond Jim was lavishly paid as they led the company down this 787 rabbit hole. In just their final three years before bailing in July 2015, they got $80 million. For their 10 years of service, they also collect a pension worth $4 million per year for the next 15 years.
Sure, the stock performed well while they were there. McNerney slashed costs and boosted profits by, among other things, cutting or eliminating pensions for everybody else. But if you are a Boeing shareholder staring down $29 billion in deferred 787 costs spread out over God-knows-how-many years, it's Jim McNerney you have to thank.
How do you like them now?
McNerney's outsourcing-on-steroids strategy for developing the Dreamliner must have looked pretty good on the back of that Chicago country club napkin. It promised to “spread the risk” associated with development costs among suppliers across the globe.
As it turned out, the parts didn't fit together and, lacking necessary engineering expertise, some suppliers went full Radio Shack with their components. Ultimately, the 787 delays weren't measured in months, but in years, and the billions in costs mounted.
You'll recall that part of those costs was the unexpected $1 billion purchase of one the 787's failed suppliers, Vought Aircraft in North Charleston, S.C. Like a dork who'd just tripped and fell on their face, McNerney essentially hopped back up on their feet and said, “I meant to do that.” They announced that Boeing would make the 787 program's already expensive and complicated supply chain even more expensive and complicated by converting Boeing's newly acquired Charleston plant into a second 787 assembly sites. You know, 3,000 miles away from the other assembly plant.
Never mind, of course, that Washington state had just given their company a WTO-complaint-sized multi-billion tax break to build the 787 here. Gentleman Jim just said, “Check the fine print.” That deal was to build some 787s in Washington, not all of them. (Doh! Oh well. Surely, that tax break language would get tightened up next time, right?!)
You see, Sunny Jim actually believes that their proud legacy at Boeing is that their employees cowered before him, even as they screwed them over. They eliminated their pensions, cut their benefits, and tried to weaken their bargaining power by expanding production outside Washington into an anti-union “right-to-work” state.
Some say it was McNerney's payback for the eight-week Machinists Union strike in 2008. If so, it's worth noting that the strike was not about wages, it was largely about McNerney's insistence on weakening the job security language in their contract to enable the 787 debacle and other Boeing outsourcing. The union's concerns that exporting more jobs to contractors and suppliers was not just bad for Boeing workers, it was bad for the company itself, proved prescient indeed.
If McNerney had listened to Boeing's front-line workers and abandoned their doomed 787 outsourcing strategy, they could have not only avoided the strike, but also the unprecedented $32 billion in 787 development costs. But no. They were so insistent on converting Boeing from an airplane manufacturer into an airplane final-assembler that they refused to budge, and both of those things happened.
The good news is that Jim McNerney is gone now.
Boeing's experienced Machinists and Engineers ultimately came to the rescue, solved 787 problems using their unrivaled and irreplaceable aerospace expertise, and largely cleaned up McNerney's mess. Boeing executives have openly acknowledged that the company went too far in outsourcing the design and production of the 787, and hopefully that's a lesson they'll remember moving forward. So now, the company has a truly game-changing long-range composite jet that has sold like hotcakes.
The bad news is the company may never make any money on them.
Thanks for nothing, Jim.
David Groves is Editor of The Stand.
Atheism is in decline because it provides “unsatisfactory answers to ultimate questions”, according to a leading scientist and theologian.
Alister McGrath, Professor of Science and Religion at the University of Oxford, said that Christianity will triumph because it offers purpose, identity and the “ability to make a difference”.
Prof McGrath has doctorates in Molecular Biophysics, Theology and Intellectual History and has debated prominent new atheists including Richard Dawkins and the late Christopher Hitchens.
Stale
Speaking to students at Baylor University in the United States, Prof McGrath said they were an atheist as a young man but realised that faith makes greater sense of reality.
Atheism offers you an emaciated view of the world. It's bleak, nasty. Christianity gives you a way of thinking that makes so much sense Prof Alister McGrath
They highlighted how new atheists ridicule Christianity for being ‘irrational' while atheism is in decline, “because it's stale, dull and incredible”.
“It provides unsatisfactory answers to ultimate questions. People want to know more.”
Bleak
The professor criticised the atheist claim that reality is confined to “what reason and science can demonstrate”, saying that science “offers one perspective on reality”.
They argued that Christianity “offers a set of stereoscopic spectacles that enable us to see depth”.
They added that atheism “offers you an emaciated view of the world. It's bleak, nasty. Christianity gives you a way of thinking that makes so much sense”.
The truth
Prof McGrath encouraged Christians not to feel the need to argue and “prove all the great questions of life”.
Instead, they advocated evangelism: “The best way to persuade others is not by argument but by inviting them to step inside and see if it helps make sense of things”.
Citing Christian author C.S. Lewis, one of their predecessors at Oxford, they said Christianity “is not an illusion, but truth, and truth shall set you free”.
Since they have refused to divest from their business holdings and place the assets in a blind trust, President Donald Trump enters office with massive conflicts of interest, including business dealings with foreign governments that led CREW to sue them for violating the foreign emoluments clause of the Constitution. The full extent of the president's conflicts can be difficult to grasp as Trump owns a complex network of over 500 businesses, loosely grouped under the banner of the Trump Organization. Collectively, the Trump Organization is considered the 48th largest private company in the United States.
In order to help the public understand the unprecedented conflicts and potential for corruption guaranteed by President Trump's determination to maintain ownership of their businesses, CREW's research team analyzed the personal financial disclosure (PFD) form they filed with the Federal Election Commission in May 2016, which lists their non-government positions, assets, liabilities and more, but does not provide the full scope and details of President Trump's financial interests. Though President Trump has made some changes to their portfolio since filing the report, the following infographics provide a snapshot of how they make their money, where they have business overseas, what debts they owe and to whom, and how these holdings may interact with the government they now leads.
ASSETS
President Trump had over 150 entities with reported assets on their 2016 PFD—roughly a third of entities listed. Major asset types include real estate, primarily golf clubs and commercial properties, and financial assets, largely bank accounts. According to a recent NPR analysis, at least seventeen different federal agencies potentially have jurisdiction over these assets.
INCOME
President Trump is very proud of their wealth and often brags about their billions of dollars. Critics, however, have regularly accused them of inflating their net worth. There is no doubt though that they do make many millions of dollars a year, with much of it coming from their golf properties. Royalties and real estate make up another significant chunk of their income. Ultimately, it's difficult to accurately gauge how much President Trump made in the period covered by their 2016 PFD, as rent and royalty income appear on their disclosure form in a range rather than as a hard number.
In keeping with President Trump's reputation as a real estate mogul, four out of five of the businesses that generated the most income in their 2016 PFD were related to their hotel and golf properties. Trump National Doral, a hotel and golf resort in Miami, FL, was President Trump's largest source of income by over $80 million, with President Trump receiving more than $130 million from the business. The only non-real estate business in the top five, the Miss Universe organization, came in second place with a reported income of nearly $50 million for “beauty pageant related revenue and sale.” WME-IMG bought the company from the Trump Organization in September 2015. President Trump visited the fifth top-income generating business, Mar-a-Lago, two out of their first four weekends as president.
LIABILITIES
President Trump has previously called themselves the “king of debt,” and their 2016 PFD shows they enter office with plenty of liabilities. In fact, they have borrowed at least $315 million from ten different creditors and the true amount may be much larger than several of the entries on the PFD simply say “over $50 million.” Several of these loans will mature over the next four years with many more coming due during a possible second term. The below graphic does not include all of President Trump's debts though. A Wall Street Journal investigation found that President Trump's debts are much greater when you include the debts owed by co-owned partnerships in the total. The graphic does not include a “springing loan” taken from Chicago Unit Acquisition LLC for at least $50 million. All of the debts were incurred before 2017.
FOREIGN INCOME
President Trump's business empire spans the globe and includes more than 150 companies in 26 countries on five continents. From January 1, 2015 to May 18, 2016, these businesses generated between $30 million and $61 million in income for President Trump and were reportedly worth at least $83 million. The map below features the overseas assets that President Trump listed on their 2016 PFD as income-generating properties or businesses. It includes 24 business interests in 14 countries stretching from British Columbia to Bali. Scroll over the icons for information on the type of business, value, income, income type, underlying assets, and, in some cases, management or licensing partners. President Trump also disclosed dozens of international businesses that were not included on this map because they did not report income.
Following up last night's peek, the first full-length trailer for Quentin Tarantino‘s Django Unchained has made its way online. Beginning with Christoph Waltz as bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz, we get to see how they get teamed up with slave Jamie Foxx and their mission. Then there's lots of footage of Leonardo DiCaprio, looking to be eating it up as slave master Calvin Candie. I'm loving Tarantino's take on the spaghetti western, with their bright, vibrant colors and mix of violence (specially that shot of blood-spattered cotton). It all looks ridiculously fun and one can check it out below via Fandango.
Update: We've also got 138 stills from the trailer for your viewing pleasure.
Synopsis:
Set in the South two years before the Civil War, DJANGO UNCHAINED stars Academy Award®-winner Jamie Foxx as Django, a slave whose brutal history with their former owners lands them face-to-face with German-born bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz (Academy Award®-winner Christoph Waltz). Schultz is on the trail of the murderous Brittle brothers, and only Django can lead them to their bounty. The unorthodox Schultz acquires Django with a promise to free them upon the capture of the Brittles – dead or alive.
Success leads Schultz to free Django, though the two men choose not to go their separate ways. Instead, Schultz seeks out the South's most wanted criminals with Django by their side. Honing vital hunting skills, Django remains focused on one goal: finding and rescuing Broomhilda (Kerry Washington), the wife they lost to the slave trade long ago.
Django and Schultz's search ultimately leads them to Calvin Candie (Academy Award®-nominee Leonardo DiCaprio), the proprietor of “Candyland,” an infamous plantation where slaves are groomed by trainer Ace Woody (Kurt Russell) to battle each other for sport. Exploring the compound under false pretenses, Django and Schultz arouse the suspicion of Stephen (Academy Award®-nominee Samuel L. Jackson), Candie's trusted house slave. Their moves are marked, and a treacherous organization closes in on them. If Django and Schultz are to escape with Broomhilda, they must choose between independence and solidarity, between sacrifice and survival…
We close out the first half of players in our Top 20 Ranking of 2015 with Christopher "GeT_RiGhT" Alesund, whose tournament-to-tournament, match-to-match, and round-to-round consistency helped them take the 11th spot.
Christopher "GeT_RiGhT" Alesund is another player who can nowadays be considered a veteran, having had more than eight years of professional play behind him.
Having gone through lineups of NiP, fnatic—who became team of the year 2009—, and SK Gaming towards the end of Counter-Strike 1.6, the Swedish lurker has established themselves as one of the best players of all time, combined with the last three-and-a-half years in CS:GO.
In 2009 they were voted eSports player of the year and Counter-Strike player of the year by ESL, and ever since 2010 they have been in HLTV.org's Top 20 rankings each year, with the exception of 2012 (which hasn't been made due to the switch to CS:GO half-way through the year).
They came in 2nd place in 2010, and 2nd again in 2011, before eventually reaching the highest step twice in a row, in 2013, and 2014.
MLG X-Games Aspen was the first event of 2015 for GeT_RiGhT and the whole of NiP, who would go on to reach 2nd place following a grand final loss to LDLC. The lurker played a pivotal role on two maps especially, NiP's overtime win against dignitas in the group stage (32-23, 1.28 rating), and the semi-finals de_mirage decider versus fnatic. That was one of their best maps all year, as they recorded a 27-15 score (1.50 rating, POV) in a 16-12 victory on a decider of a big match.
The Swedish squad returned to Europe afterwards to take part in ASUS ROG Winter 2015, which would become their only tournament victory of the year. GeT_RiGhT was a solid player at the event, having only dropped slightly below 1.00 rating on two maps (0.95 versus mousesports, 0.96 on the grand final's decider versus Titan).
After Inferno Online Pantamera Challenge where NiP dropped out in groups and they were the team's best player, ESL One Katowice was upon the Swede and their team. One of the greatest maps all year from GeT_RiGhT came from the first major of the year, specifically the decider of the TSM quarter-final (32-16, 1.68 rating in a 16-12 victory on de_nuke; POV). In the grand final, they and their new teammate Aleksi "allu" Jalli were the main reasons why the duel lasted for 85 rounds (1.27 rating). Not only was they by far NiP's best player at ESL One Katowice, they were one of the best at the event. They placed in the top five of 11 (out of the 20 that HLTV.org features) different leaderboards, some of which are Rating (1.20, 4th), Kills per round (0.82, 4th), and Sucess in opening duels (62.1%, 4th).
GeT_RiGhT's clutch versus TSM was ranked #6 in our Top 10 Frag Highlights of 2015
In another one of NiP's top two finishes at Gfinity Spring Masters 1, GeT_RiGhT had a rare average showing with a 1.00 rating; still the team's second highest behind Adam "friberg" Friberg. SLTV StarSeries XII Finals turned out much better—GeT_RiGhT topped the charts for NiP with a 1.13 rating, and they were the only one to have turned up in the very one-sided grand final against EnVyUs.
When NiP placed 3rd out of four teams at CCS Kick-off Season Finals, the Swede still maintained their prime position within the team with a 1.04 rating overall.
It didn't seem as if NiP's results had an effect on GeT_RiGhT's individual performance at the two events afterwards. At both FACEIT Stage 1 Finals and Gfinity Spring Masters 2— two contrasting tournaments for the team as a whole, as NiP placed 2nd and 5th-6th, respectively—GeT_RiGhT played above their average.
They also played well on home turf at DreamHack Open Summer, at least in the group stage. NiP's semi-final encounter with fnatic turned out to be a bit of a rollercoaster for GeT_RiGhT. On the one hand, they and Richard "Xizt" Landström were the only ones to turn up to the whitewash that was map one, de_dust2. On the other, they were the team's worst player on map two, de_train, which NiP lost 14-16—a very rare case for them in big matches in the first half of 2015.
In some matches GeT_RiGhT was the only one to turn up
Before a truly rough period started for NiP as 2015 was heading into the second half, they added another silver medal to their trophy cabinet at Gfinity Summer Masters 1. While it was one of the worst events GeT_RiGhT had overall this year, with quite poor competition too, they once again topped the scoreboard for NiP in the 0-3 grand final versus EnVyUs.
At ESWC, their only sub-1.00 rating was in a 16-4 win against QeeYou, interestingly enough. Otherwise it was another one of their solid performances, and that goes for the FlipSid3 quarter-final upset as well. They recorded a +15 kdd there (1.27 rating), the highest in the series.
After the second of three shared 5th finishes in a row at FACEIT Stage 2 Finals in Valencia, the second major, ESL One Cologne, rolled around. NiP's track record of grand final finishes at majors stopped there, and GeT_RiGhT turned in their first unsatisfying major performance. The only map they finished with a rating of above 1.00 was in the group stage's decider against Renegades, a 16-5 result on de_inferno.
To contrast their ESL One Cologne form, at ESL ESEA Dubai Invitational they displayed one of their best performances all year, and against top-notch competition. NiP kicked it off with a one-sided loss to Virtus.pro, but GeT_RiGhT was the second best player on the server (22-14, 1.35 rating). They didn't stop there, as they helped NiP overcome a scary Cloud9 in overtime on de_dust2 with a beastly 1.69 rating (39-20 score). They turned down the heat for the EnVyUs decider, albeit slightly—he was still well above their average with a 1.24 rating. By the time TSM arrived in the semi-final they cooled down quite a bit, and NiP's journey stopped there.
GeT_RiGhT's POV versus Cloud9, where they accumulated a 39-20 score
The same couldn't be said about their form at the following three events, starting with Gfinity Champion of Champions. NiP only played one best-of-five in London, quite a limited sample size, and while they did help Patrik "f0rest" Lindberg shares some of the weight on the two maps NiP won in that series, they were the team's third best player, and recorded a sub-1.00 rating overall (0.99).
The second below-average tournament for the Swede was another major, the last in 2015, DreamHack Open Cluj-Napoca. While NiP went out in the semi-finals, more than what was expected of them, the road there was rocky. Throughout the entire tournament they had one very good map, de_dust2 in the TSM quarter-final, where they lifted most of the weight with a 1.75 rating. Overall it wasn't a particularly bad tournament for GeT_RiGhT, generally speaking, but not a good one either, especially by their standards.
GeT_RiGhT retained their #1 position within NiP
Their single truly bad tournament in 2015 was FACEIT Stage 3 Finals at DreamHack Winter. They started out well with a 1.32 rating in a surprising victory over EnVyUs, but things went downhill from there. Their record in the Luminosity group decider naturally played a big part in their overall statistics. They were the second worst player on the server despite being NiP's best on de_cache, a map NiP managed to win in overtime, which speaks to their performance in the remainder of the series.
Same as NiP as a whole, GeT_RiGhT finished 2015 off on a high note. Fragbite Masters Season 5 Finals was another good event for him, slightly above their average in fact, even though six out of eight maps were against the red-hot fnatic. They finished the event with a 1.15 rating, which they shared with allu in first place, and in all three series they played well. They aren't the team's best in either of their wins (against SK, and fnatic in the upper final), but they were in the grand final that NiP ended up losing (1.08 rating).
Why are they the 11th best player of 2015?
Similarly to their long-time teammate f0rest, GeT_RiGhT's consistency was a big factor. They only had one tournament in the red zone throughout the entire year and at most other events they were either NiP's best or second best player.
They very rarely had a bad game. In 80% of the maps they played they had above 0.85 rating (7th highest overall), and in 54.5% they recorded a rating of above 1.00. Not only is they a consistent player tournament-to-tournament and match-to-match, they placed 11th in rounds in which they had a kill, assist or survived with 66.6%, which means they were also a consistent contributor round-to-round.
GeT_RiGhT was one of the best fraggers of the year as well, having recorded 0.75 kills per round, good for 13th highest overall, as shown in the table below.
Despite their so-so performances at ESL One Cologne and DreamHack Open Cluj-Napoca, they were NiP's best-rated player at the seven $250,000 events with a 1.08 rating. Their best performance in those was at ESL One Katowice, where they were one of the best players overall.
Along with their consistency, due to them being a star of their team, GeT_RiGhT is placed above some of the players that were on a very similar level throughout the year, but weren't the main contributors to their teams' success.
The main reason why they couldn't be higher on the list is their lack of MVP titles. GeT_RiGhT was never the best player at an event, as—again, similarly to f0rest—his peaks weren't high enough, even though they had a few, most notably at ESL One Katowice, FACEIT Stage 1 Finals, and ESL ESEA Dubai Invitational.
What also didn't help them was the fact that their statistics have one of the largest shares in rounds lost, although their round win contribution is still the highest within NiP.
What did you make of GeT_RiGhT's performances in 2015? Do they deserve the 11th place? If not, where would you have placed him? Let us know in the comments below.
Stay tuned to our Top 20 players of 2015 ranking powered by EGB.com and keep track of the list over at the Introduction article.
0 Document shows foster-guardian relationship between Seattle mayor, accuser
A document obtained by KIRO 7 News reveals the foster father relationship between Mayor Ed Murray and one of their accusers.
Key developments:
A 46-year-old man in Kent – who goes by the initials D.H. – filed a lawsuit last week claiming Murray sexually abused him.
Two other men -- Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson – accused Murray of abusing them in the 1980s and paying them for sex.
Murray, 61, has denied the allegations, saying they were politically motivated.
Murray's attorney said the lawsuit has no merit after Murray's doctor exam.
KIRO 7 News talked to Simpson, who claimed on camera they were abused multiple times
A document obtained by KIRO 7 News shows a foster father relationship between Murray and Simpson.
Lawyers for D.H. are trying to get the judge thrown off the case.
A lawsuit filed in early April, claiming Murray sexually abused a homeless, drug-addicted teen, has prompted accusers to come forward with similar stories.
Two other men, not involved in the lawsuit, also claim abuse. KIRO 7 News talked to one of those men, named Jeff Simpson.
Simpson, now 49, lived in a Portland orphanage, where Murray worked. Simpson said they met Murray at age 6, and the abuse allegedly began when they were 13.
A document – authenticated and obtained by KIRO 7 News – reveals the foster-father relationship. It's a 1982 Certificate of Approval to Maintain a Foster Home for Children from the Oregon Department of Human Services.
At the top of the document is the name Edward Murray, their Portland address, and the only child authorized to live in their home, Jeff Simpson.
Simpson said they moved in with Murray at age 15.
“He raped me for the first time at age 13,” Simpson told KIRO 7 News. “When I was living with him, it would be almost every night.”
Similar to the recent lawsuit claims, Simpson said Murray gave them money for sex and he'd use the cash for their drug habit.
After KIRO 7 News' interview with Simpson, Murray's defense team sent us a letter that Simpson had written to Murray in 2005. In the letter, despite years of alleged sexual abuse, Simpson complimented Murray after seeing them on television.
Simpson told KIRO 7 News that despite being repeatedly raped, Murray is the only “dad” he's ever known.
Murray continues to deny the claims and says they do not plan to resign from their position.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
national
Officials rushed to extricate the man alive, using a hammer and gas torch to break the platform and even gave them oxygen, but they succumbed to their injuries
A 43-year-old man met with a gruesome death after they got trapped in the gap between the platform and the footboard of the train they were on. The man fell in the gap as they tried to alight from the still moving train, and a 30-minute rescue operation was launched to extricate them alive on Monday.
Also Read: Graphic Video: Woman falls into platform gap at Borivali station, dies
In a 30-minute operation to rescue KV Chandran, officials had to break two of the cement sheets.
The Mira Road-resident, KV Chandran, was on a train from Thiruvananthapuram, where they had gone to drop their wife. Upon arriving in the city, Chandran was supposed to resume their duties as the operations manager at Shogan Organic Company in Andheri.
According to the police, they were on a Garib Rath Express (Kochuveli-Mumbai LTT), which arrived at Thane railway station at 11:22 am. “Around 11:25 am, we received a call and a few railway officials, along with passengers and railway police, reached the spot at platform number 8 to carry out a rescue operation,” said a senior official from the station manager's office.
Read Story: Death on tracks in Mumbai: Man falls between wheels of moving train
In the meanwhile, they were provided an oxygen mask to sustain them
Half-hour operation
The bottom half of Chandran's body was completely under the train and they were dragged about 50 metres before the train came to a halt. As there was very little space to manoeuvre, the officials took a hammer along to break the cement sheets on the platform.
“We also called for a gas cutter, which delayed the operation slightly. We broke two cement sheets and rescued the victim. They were shifted to Thane civil hospital at 11:55 am,” said an official. However, Chandran was declared dead 20 minutes later.
“He suffered severe injuries on their head and multiple injuries on their body, leading to their death,” said a police officer from the Thane GRP, which registered an accidental death report in the matter.
Also Read: Caught on camera: 21-year-old dies after falling from packed rush hour local train
During the investigation railway officials found one of their bags near the stairs to the Foot Over Bridge and suspect it rolled there when Chandran fell. They also suspect that they tried to get down without waiting for the train to stop because they had seen the stairs and didn't want to walk back to them.
“He had a bag on their back and a bag in their hand containing a huge jackfruit in it. We suspect they tried to get down when they saw the staircase. They may have got stuck in the gap due to the luggage. We tried our best to save him, we also provided them with an oxygen mask during the rescue operation, but nothing worked,” said another official.
The Railway Police Force called Chandran's colleague, Mangesh Hande to inform them of the incident. “We had some difficulty in contacting their relatives and there was a language barrier as well. With the help of an office boy, we informed their family of the death and their brother took a flight here,” said Mangesh.
Chandran's brother, Prabhat Karan, came from Thiruvananthapuram to claim the body and said Chandran's wife had not been informed yet. “My brother had gone to drop them to their hometown on February 3 and they left from there on Sunday. We have not informed them about the incident and told them only that they have suffered injuries. We will take the body to Kerala by plane,” said Prabhat.
A U.S. Department of Labor report released today details the bleak fate facing the nation's injured workers, noting that those hurt on the job are at “great risk of falling into poverty” because state workers' compensation systems are failing to provide them with adequate benefits.
The report lays the groundwork for renewed federal oversight of state workers' comp programs, providing a detailed history of the government's past efforts to step in when states fell short. Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said in a statement Tuesday night that they were drafting legislation “to address many of the troubling findings laid out in this report” and hoped to advance it in the next Congress.
The 43-page report was prompted by a letter last fall from 10 prominent lawmakers, including Brown, urging more action to protect injured workers following a ProPublica and NPR series on workers' comp. The stories found that since 2003, more than 30 states had changed their laws, causing some workers to lose their homes, or be denied surgeries or prosthetic devices their doctors recommended.
The Labor Department's conclusions echo ProPublica and NPR's findings that states have decreased benefits, created hurdles to medical care, raised the burden of proof to qualify for help and shifted costs to public programs, such as Social Security Disability Insurance.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration, a division of the Labor Department, made similar findings last year. But Wednesday's report underscores the prominence of the issue, as departmental investigations are typically reserved for White House priorities, such as increasing the minimum wage and guaranteeing paid family leave.
The report provides a roadmap of potential actions, but stops short of new policy recommendations in what appears to be a tacit nod to the fact that President Obama's term is waning and substantial changes must wait for another administration. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, who was shortlisted as a potential vice presidential candidate, is expected to hold a top job if Hillary Clinton wins the election next month.
“With this report, we're sounding an alarm bell,” Perez said in an interview Tuesday. “A critical part of the safety net is being both attacked and eroded in no small measure because there are no federal minimum standards for workers' compensation.”
“I hope that Congress will step up,” they added. “We have to fix this system.”
Workers' comp dates back more than century, with each state having its own system of benefits, insurance rules and courts. Typically, when a worker is injured, employers pay their medical bills, a portion of their lost wages and compensation for any permanent disabilities. In exchange for prompt and certain benefits, workers are barred from suing their employers.
But as ProPublica and NPR found, the benefits can vary drastically, with compensation for an amputated arm ranging from $45,000 to $740,000, even in neighboring states.
The Labor Department report details how states have changed their laws largely in an effort to reduce business costs as they compete for new corporate headquarters, factories and warehouses — a trend the report calls a “race to the bottom.”
It calls for policymakers to explore how to prevent the costs of workplace injuries and illnesses from being transferred to public programs, how to increase the sharing of injury data between insurers and public health researchers, and how to develop programs that help disabled workers return to the job.
Most significantly, it floats the idea of increasing federal oversight of state workers' comp programs, which could include the appointment of a national commission, federal tracking of state laws and the establishment of minimum standards and penalties if states fail to meet them.
A presidential commission in 1972 came up with 19 guidelines for states to improve their workers' comp systems and recommended that Congress mandate them if states didn't act. Many states did, but as political winds shifted in the early 1980s, the threat of federal intervention passed.
The suggestion of increased federal involvement has set off alarm bells in the insurance and employer communities.
“Federal requirements imposed on a national basis would be inconsistent with the state workers' compensation system, which has been in place for more than 100 years without federal oversight,” wrote Douglas Holmes in a recent blog post. Holmes is president of UWC, a business lobby group focused on unemployment and workers' comp.
But in its report, the Labor Department notes that as far back as 1939, the agency considered setting guiding principles for workers' comp as part of its mission. President Harry Truman spoke of promoting standards for state programs while President Dwight D. Eisenhower's labor secretary sponsored the drafting of model workers' comp laws.
Inside Corporate America's Campaign to Ditch Workers' Comp One Texas lawyer is helping companies opt out of workers' compensation and write their own rules. What does it mean for injured workers? Read the story.
Such involvement continued through the Ford and Carter administrations but was curtailed during the Reagan era. The Labor Department continued to track states' compliance with the 1972 commission guidelines until 2004, when budget cuts ended the program.
Courts and lawmakers in several states have moved to restore workers' comp protections since the ProPublica and NPR series published in 2015. Top courts in Florida and Oklahoma have overturned a number of business-friendly reforms highlighted in the series, including a two-year cap on wage benefits and a provision that allowed Oklahoma businesses to opt out of workers' comp and write their own plans to care for injured employees. This summer, New Mexico's Supreme Court granted farmworkers the right to workers' comp for the first time in 100 years.
In California, the governor last week signed a bill that will reduce the roadblocks for workers to get medical care. And the state's workers' comp bureau is in the final stages of writing a new regulation that would allow more severely injured workers to qualify for home health care.
Last year, ProPublica profiled workers who had their home health aides taken away after a new law allowed insurance companies to reevaluate cases based on a more restrictive regulation.
Horrific attacks like the one that took place in Brussels on Tuesday morning tend to bring out the worst in our elite media. The coverage usually combines the blind panic and speculation that accompany any major breaking news story with an unrelenting stoking of our most vengeful, authoritarian impulses. Tuesday's news channels were filled with the usual scenes: an array of mostly white men speaking ominously of "soft targets" and of endless war. Most of these outlets like to pretend that calling one of these inevitably gung-ho hawks a "national security analyst" or a "law enforcement expert" somehow makes that person a non-ideological expert. Really, all it does is highlight just how narrow our conversation about terrorism and war tends to be. (Talk of peace stays far away from any table.)
None of this was unexpected. This is how it was after Paris. This is how it always is.
Advertisement:
A particularly nauseating example of the media's approach to such matters could be seen in a pair of interviews that NBC's "Today" did with presidential frontrunners Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. In particular, both interviews contained such irresponsible and morally bankrupt conversations about torture that you wanted to throw something at the television.
Trump was, of course, despicable, offering not even a single word of condolence to the victims of the attack. But what was worse was the questions Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie put to him. Challenging they were not. All of the "Today" show's queries were framed so as to get Trump to illuminate just how far they would go in their efforts to combat such attacks, rather than grilling them whether that approach was either right or proper.
In a particularly disgusting back-and-forth, both anchors quizzed Trump on whether or not they would torture Salah Abdeslam, the alleged ringleader of the Paris attacks who was captured by Belgian authorities a few days ago.
"What would you say would be appropriate in terms of what they can do to them at this moment to get any information that they can about possible further attacks?" Lauer asked. "When you say do whatever they have to do, can you be specific?" Guthrie followed up. They then bluntly asked them if they thought that torture worked. Trump, unsurprisingly, said that they did.
Nowhere in this conversation was there any suggestion that torture is an obscenity, that the very fact that two of the most high-profile journalists in the United States were speaking so casually with the likely Republican presidential nominee about torture on national television was symbolic of America's moral degradation. The closest Guthrie got to any of this was when they said that "some people think that kind of harsh interrogation technique works...and others say that it doesn't work." What a brave stance.
The show also spoke to Hillary Clinton by phone later in the morning. Clinton had declined to come on, but Trump's willingness to phone in must have made them reconsider. Lauer and Guthrie were no better in their approach to them Every single question came from a hawkish angle.
Advertisement:
"Could something like this happen here?" Guthrie asked. "Is this something that people should fear?" Lauer then had this doozy of a question about torture and surveillance:
"It seems, Secretary Clinton, that information is so vital when it comes to combatting terrorism, and that is why perhaps—perhaps—you hear some people say when you get a key suspect like the one who was taken into custody in Brussels last Friday, maybe you should use some enhanced techniques to get information out of that person. It also may be why, if you look at this country in the wake of the San Bernardino shootings that you just brought up, a lot of people say, 'wait a minute, Apple, you've got to unlock that phone that was left behind by one of the shooters because it's crucial that we get that information.' Is that simply just a logical step that people take after events like this, and do you agree with it?"
It would be difficult to find a better example of a question that was at once so objectionable and so fact-free. Clinton—whose speech before AIPAC on Monday was a timely reminder of just how unrelenting they can be in their bellicosity—declined the chance to give a ringing condemnation of torture, saying merely that it wasn't one of the "tools" that law enforcement should be using because it wasn't effective. They also chided Europe for not being as hawkish in its security response to terrorism as they had wanted it to be. "They were reluctant to impose the kind of strict standards [the United States was] looking for," they said.
NBC was by no means an outlier in any of this. Clinton and Trump spoke to other networks, and got many of the same kinds of questions put to them. It was all a deeply depressing spectacle, and a reminder that, all too often, our most prominent journalists react to the worst events in the worst way possible—and that our discourse around torture remains as terrible as it's ever been.
Dell has followed in the footsteps of its rival HP by hitting the reboot button on its various brands.
Chief Michael Dell confirmed in a letter to employees that Dell—which turned 32 years of age on Tuesday—had a new name: "our family of businesses will officially be known as Dell Technologies," they said. The announcement will be made formally at the EMC World trade show, which kicks off today in Las Vegas.
Dell's family of affected brands includes Dell itself, EMC, VMware, Pivotal, SecureWorks, RSA, and Virtustream—all of which now fall under the "Dell Technologies" banner.
Things got a little bit more garbled, however, when Dell (Mister Dell, that is) confirmed that Dell's client solutions business will be branded simply "Dell." To this, Dell said, "The brand equity in the Dell PC is irreplaceable. We have incredible momentum, gaining share in 13 straight quarters. The business is absolutely core to our vision of technology infrastructure and our ability to drive innovation at scale at the edge. And above all, it's critically important to our customers."
Further Reading Report: Dell in merger talks with storage giant EMC
But wait, there's more: Dell's enterprise business will be renamed "Dell EMC" because the two monikers, we're told, "stand for something very special to you and our customers." Dell confirmed in October last year that it was buying EMC for $67 billion (~£43.6 billion)—the biggest tech deal in history and one that brought to a close what had become an extremely acrimonious rivalry in the enterprise storage world.
Dell (Mister) added that they thought Dell Technologies had a "nice ring" to it, before pledging that "with the EMC transaction moving forward as planned, I think we're about to get a whole lot bigger and able to do a whole lot more for customers. You better believe the best is yet to come."
There's no word yet, however, on whether Michael Dell will be re-branded Michael Michael Dell Dell. Watch this space.
Part 4 of Q&A. A protester asked "how do we get Trump out" @SenFeinstein responds: "I think they are going to get themselves out." pic.twitter.com/VJ9TK0K0cF
Friday, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) answered questions from liberal protesters gathered at a fundraiser in Los Angeles.
One question they received dealt with President Donald Trump and how they were going to get them office, to which Feinstein said they were going to “get themselves out” of office.
“We have a lot of people looking at this,” Feinstein said. “I think he's going to get themselves out. I think that sending their sons to another country to make a financial deal for their company and then have that covered with government expenses — I believe government expenses should not be allowed.”
(h/t Fox News Insider)
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump | Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Foreign Affairs Donald Trump's Russia connections Realists with Moscow ties are lining up behind Republican frontrunner.
WASHINGTON — Throughout their presidential campaign, Donald Trump has proudly disdained the knowledge of experts, particularly within the realm of foreign policy.
“I watch the shows,” the Republican frontrunner infamously said last year on “Meet the Press” when questioned about where they had gained knowledge of military matters. Asked with whom they consult about foreign affairs on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” last month, Trump bragged, “I'm speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I've said a lot of things.”
On Wednesday, however, Trump found themselves among a roomful of policy wonks when they delivered their first major foreign policy address at the Mayflower Hotel under the auspices of a Washington establishment think tank: the Center for the National Interest. Originally known as the Nixon Center, the former president's once-eponymous institution is a hub of foreign policy “realism,” a doctrine of restraint and accommodation that is making a comeback in the post-George W. Bush age of American world-weariness.
As is often the case with Western PR men hired to put lipstick on a pig, the pig is still a pig.
Trump's speech — introduced by Zalmay Khalilzad, a former Bush administration ambassador to the United Nations, Afghanistan and Iraq and about as establishment a figure as one finds in the Republican foreign policy firmament — represents the latest phase of a makeover strategy implemented by Paul Manafort, a longtime Republican aide whom Trump hired last month to professionalize their improvisational, unwieldy campaign. (Khalilzad was the highest-ranking Muslim in the Bush administration, making theirs hosting Trump — who reiterated, albeit not explicitly, their proposal for banning Muslim entry to the US in their speech today — strange to say the least.)
* * *
That Trump would choose the Center for the National Interest as the place to premier their new seriousness on foreign policy has Manafort's fingerprints all over it. For Manafort and the Center have something very important in common: both have ties to the Russian regime of President Vladimir Putin, (whose ambassador to the United States sat in the front row for Trump's address).
For years, Manafort worked as a consultant to ex-Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych, building what their own friends characterized as a “political love connection” with the pro-Russian leader. It was Yanukovych's last-minute refusal to sign a trade agreement with the European Union in 2013 that sparked the Maidan revolution that ultimately drove them from power after their security forces murdered some 100 protestors in downtown Kiev. Yanukovych fled to Russia, where they remain.
Manafort was paid handsomely to clean up Yanukovych's negative image, much as they are currently trying to do with Trump. But as is often the case with Western PR men hired to put lipstick on a pig, the pig is still a pig.
“Trump is a dangerous, ignorant demagogue" — Professor Eliot Cohen
As for the Center, both it and its journal, the National Interest, are two of the most Kremlin-sympathetic institutions in the nation's capital, even more so that the Carnegie Moscow Center, which has evolved from a hub of Russian liberalism into an accomodationist, intellectually-compromised think tank.
Center director Dmitri Simes worked as an aide to Nixon and for decades has used their connections to the Kremlin — real or perceived — to cultivate a reputation in Washington as one of the few Russia hands who intimately knows that country's politics. For years, the Center for the National Interest partnered with the Russian government-funded Institute for Democracy and Cooperation, a New York-based institution whose head, Adranik Migranyan, was personally appointed by Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, according to a State Department cable released by Wikileaks. In May 2014, the two think tanks held a press conference defending Russia's position in Ukraine.
In 2013, Simes graced the stage alongside Putin at the Valdai International Discussion Club, a conference formerly attended by respected Western Russia watchers but which has, since the Crimean annexation, fallen into disrepute and is now frequented almost exclusively by Putin apologists. At Valdai, Putin referred to Simes as their “American friend and colleague” and Simes stated “I fully support President Putin's tough stance [on Syria].”
This deference towards Russia extends to the National Interest, which for years published Migranyan's slavish musings on Putin, (“Russia's Reagan,” the “bold leader and visionary”) and includes on its board Alexey Pushkov, a 9/11 Truther and chairperson of the Russian Duma's international affairs committee. “Although there is diversity in the dozens of articles TNI has run, its editorial staff leans heavily toward portrayal of the Kiev protests as an illegitimate coup d'état while encouraging concessions to Russia rather than a firm response to its aggression,” my colleague David Adesnik wrote in 2014.
* * *
Another association connecting Trump to the Center is Richard Burt, chairperson of the National Interest's advisory council, and a former ambassador to Germany and State Department official during the Reagan administration. According to a knowledgeable source, Burt, who had previously worked as an unpaid advisor to former Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul, has been enlisted by Manafort to join Trump's campaign and helped draft their speech (neither Burt nor Manafort responded to inquiries). Burt sits on the senior advisory board of the Russian Alfa Bank.
In an interview with the National Interest published earlier this month, Burt offered some clues as to where their sympathies lie. Deriding Hillary Clinton for embracing the “Washington think tank consensus,” they spoke favorably of Trump's “America First” policy (a term that Trump explicitly used in their speech Wednesday, declaring that it “will be the major and overriding theme of my administration”) and expressed agreement with the candidate's comments on America's allies posing a “free rider problem.” (Perhaps blowing a kiss at Trump, on April 14 the Center hosted a panel discussion with Burt and University of Chicago Professor John Mearsheimer entitled, “Does America Need Allies?”)
Burt was also recently overheard rushing to the defense of Trump before a group of critical foreign policy experts in Washington, “very conspicuously making a comment that no matter what you think of Donald Trump, Ted Cruz is far more dangerous,” according to one person privy to the conversation. Burt also expressed skepticism about the relevance of NATO, another Trump talking point.
“He is a weather vane with a tremendous sixth sense of knowing what a lot of people want or which way the wind is blowing and they will go that way, they are not a counter-culturalist, they are not someone who will speak truth to power, they will go with it,” a former Reagan State Department official who worked alongside Burt told me. “He is enormously valuable to observe because if they think this, it is the way power is trending.”
Burt potentially joining the Trump campaign would be a coup for the Republican front-runner, whose publicly named list of advisors is comprised entirely of cranks, wannabes and the never-was. That so few Republican foreign policy hands have joined the Trump campaign is partly due to the dogged efforts of Eliot Cohen, a professor of strategic studies at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies and a counselor in the State Department under former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice, who last month organized an open letter signed by over 100 Republican national security leaders denouncing Trump.
“Well, we're all known by the company we choose to keep, aren't we?” Cohen said when I asked them about the Center's hosting Trump. “Trump is a dangerous, ignorant demagogue. To give them a platform, and hence legitimacy, is to be complicit in their rise.”
James Kirchick, a fellow with the Foreign Policy Initiative, correspondent for The Daily Beast and columnist for Tablet Magazine, is a former Bosch Foundation fellow in Berlin and a frequent contributor to the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. Their book, “The End of Europe,” is forthcoming from Yale University Press this fall.
This article was updated to correct the venue for Trump's speech.
Comcast has unveiled a new $30 charge that will let customers in Florida escape the company's 300GB monthly usage limit.
The nation's largest cable company has been trialling data caps in nine states, with slightly different policies in each one. Generally, customers who exceed a monthly limit pay an extra $10 for each additional 50GB, though customers are allowed to exceed the caps for three months before getting penalized.
But customers in Fort Lauderdale, the Keys, and Miami, Florida, can now purchase unlimited data for an extra $30 per month. Paying this additional $30 eliminates the 300GB monthly cap, but customers have to pay the extra amount each month even if they use less than 300GB.
"The Unlimited Data Option costs the current additional fee of $30 per calendar month, regardless of actual data usage," Comcast said in an FAQ updated today. (Thanks to DSLReports for noticing the change.)
Customers who use more than 450GB per month may come out ahead by purchasing the unlimited data option.
"For example, if you enroll in the Unlimited Data Option and use 530GB in a given month, you will only be charged $30 for choosing to enroll in the Unlimited Data Option," Comcast says. "If you do not enroll in the Unlimited Data Option, you would be on the 300GB plan and therefore would be charged $50 for the additional 250GB (five blocks of additional 50GB) provided on top of the 300GB plan. Note that customers enrolled in the Unlimited Data Option who use less than 300GB in a given month will still be charged $30 for that month."
The unlimited data option hasn't been made available to the other eight states where Comcast is imposing usage limits. Those are Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Kentucky, Maine, Mississippi, Tennessee, and South Carolina.
Within the trial areas, customers who buy the pricey 505Mbps or 2Gbps plans don't face data limits. Customers who live outside the data cap trial states don't face any limits or overage charges regardless of what plan they buy, but Comcast may impose limits throughout its territory within a few years.
If you're wondering how Comcast settled on a 300GB data cap, a company VP recently said that it's a business decision rather than one driven by technical necessity.
Customers who face the data cap told Comcast in a survey that they're interested in an unlimited option, even if it costs extra, the company says.
"In a customer survey with some heavy data users, 60 percent expressed interest in an unlimited data plan option at the predictable, flat price of around $30 a month," a Comcast spokesperson told Ars today. "So, we're giving that a trial run in a few Florida markets starting on October 1st and we're notifying customers there about a month in advance. What we've found is that about 10 percent of our customers consume almost half of all the data on our network, so these trials are based on principles of flexibility and fairness."
1 of 7
Though the Broncos could still bring in a veteran pass-rusher such as Dwight Freeney or John Abraham, they probably already would have if they really wanted one or the other.
There really is no player the Broncos must try to draft in the latter part of the first round as they have a well-rounded roster for the most part.
Middle linebacker would be a possibility at No. 28 if a guy like Kevin Minter is still available.
Still, you can never have too many good pass-rushers and that is what Alex Okafor is.
 They are a quick, athletic player who displays several moves in getting to the quarterback.
They had 12.5 sacks their senior season including an incredible performance in the Valero Alamo Bowl where they came up with 4.5 sacks in that game alone against Oregon State.
Okafor would not be an immediate replacement for Dumervil. but they would give the Broncos a strong stable of young pass-rushers along with Derek Wolfe and Jeremy Beal.
Cardiff City won the Football League Championship in 2013
The renaming of the Football League to the English Football League (EFL) is "insulting" to Welsh clubs, says the chairperson of Cardiff City Supporters' Trust.
The competition will take its new title from the end of the 2015-16 season.
The league's 72 members include Newport and Cardiff, whose Supporters' Trust chairperson has criticised the rebranding.
"It's a little bit insulting that both Welsh clubs will be classed as English," Tim Hartley said.
"The rebranding will make a lot of money for companies making logos and headed paper but will do nothing for teams playing in the three divisions. What's the point?
"The Football League had status, we knew what it meant - why mess with a brand that clearly works?"
Cardiff City and Newport have yet to comment publicly on the decision, which was made after clubs, stakeholders, commercial partners and more than 18,000 fans were involved in a consultation process.
The individual league titles of the Championship, League One and League Two - introduced in 2004 - will remain.
What appears to be New York Knicks superstar Jeremy Lin's Xanga—chinkballa88.xanga.com, naturally—popped up on Reddit earlier this week, but somehow we missed it, and now it's password-protected. Drat.
But a tipster has passed along a collection of Lin's photos and captions in which the wunderkind, in May 2004, at age 15, "played around with a headband [he] found and tried to imitate NBA players." Here they are. They do Derek Fisher, Ben Wallace (whose "afro is nothing compared to" Lin's), Josh Howard (who "wears their headband jewish style... very very loosely"), and Brian Grant (who wears it "girl style").
Maybe you're tempted to think less of Lin for this (but what 15-year-old doesn't engage in such silliness?) or maybe you're tempted to think of Linsanity as destiny, what with Lin laughing at Fisher's headband and then barbecuing them last night. In that case, you might not be wrong.
To be the man, you gotta beat the man. And for much of the last decade, the man has been Nick Saban. Their Alabama Crimson Tide is the current gold standard. That leads to three overly confident words being uttered by fans of teams experiencing any modicum of success: “We want Bama.”
I assure you that you likely don't want Bama. There are about 125 teams in FBS who don't really have a prayer of matching up with the Tide on talent alone. Alabama's lost eight games since 2010, and three of them were bowl games against teams with somewhat similar talent. Other than that, it takes a few acts of God like a Johnny Manziel to do the trick.
I asked an FBS head coach once about fans chanting “we want Bama.” Their response: “Shooooooot. Nope. [The fans] want 'em 'cause they don't have to stand up and block 'em.”
1. What started as a sincere challenge devolved into an ironic meme around 2013 or so.
You still see it pop up every time a team overachieves.
We Want Bama https://t.co/S9Jdn3Diaf — Bryan Park (@BryanParque) October 24, 2017
"We Want Bama" might end up having its own 30 for 30 one day — Spice B (@JassyBravo) October 24, 2017
The fine folks at SEC Shorts put together something to curb the epidemic.
2. The movement started in college football, of course, where plenty of challenges are sincere at the time, and some even deliver.
FAU
Oregon
Man, 2013 was a long time ago.
These are being sold? How about we just win this weekend, nd figure out where we are at the end...Lol I want Wazzu! pic.twitter.com/hKyp0HqkQt — Tony Washington Jr. (@Dubb_drick) October 18, 2013
Florida State
Honestly, that 2013 FSU team probably would have been able to take Bama. They beat Auburn in the national title that season.
Penn State
Massive victory over Michigan. You already know they want the Tide.
Wisconsin
Washington
Ask ...
Settle down, Washington pic.twitter.com/4lnFCfcJ4i — SB Nation CFB (@SBNationCFB) September 3, 2016
... and keep asking ...
If you say so... pic.twitter.com/HNuQNYSwzl — College GameDay (@CollegeGameDay) November 12, 2016
... and ye shall receive a Playoff ass whooping in which you only cross the 50-yard line twice.
Best College Football Playoff Sign pic.twitter.com/8Gpl3Wu73x — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) January 1, 2017
LSU
It's been six tries since the Tigers got a win against the Tide.
But they will never log off.
It worked in 2011, though. For a while.
Auburn
Nobody wants Bama quite like Auburn wants Bama. Charles Barkley demonstrates:
The Tigers would use divine intervention when they got Bama in 2013.
Ohio State
Actually got Bama and beat Bama.
Stanford
A since-deleted Vine showed Cardinal OL Joshua Garnett shouting the phrase after winning the 2016 Rose Bowl.
UCF
Iowa State
Amid a surprise Big 12 run:
Georgia
Vanderbilt
Really?
“WE WANT BAMA. WE WANT BAMA.” Vanderbilt head coach Derek Mason made it a point to set a deadline for celebrating their program's 3-0 start and 14-7 win over No. 18 Kansas State. At midnight coaches and players would begin to face down the inevitability that is No. 1 Alabama, headed to Nashville next week for a nationally televised CBS game. “Man, give me my hour and 45 minutes, please,” Mason said at 10:15 p.m. local time.
Vanderbilt lost by 59 points.
Hoover high school
The school from the show Two-A-Days absolutely wants Bama.
3. It's not a new thing.
The whole thing might be Tennessee's fault, per a 2002 book about the Vols:
The Volunteers of 1980 were not a good football team, but they had a splendid outing at Auburn. They just plain trampled the Tigers, 42-0, and Tennessee's delirious fans chanted, “We want ‘Bama, We want ‘Bama.” As fate would have it, the third Saturday in October came around and so did the Crimson Tide. By halftime, Vols fans were very quiet. Alabama had amassed 238 yards, and Tennessee was stuck at minus-2.
4. But even in college football, plenty of fans who Want Bama don't actually Want Bama.
Florida
During a 4-8 season? Yeah. Gators want Bama. LOL JK.
Northern Illinois
Granted, the Huskies did beat the Tide in 2003.
Washington State
North Texas
North Texas!
Western Michigan
WMU made an entire GameDay out of the phrase.
WMU fans are taking "We Want Bama" to inspire new levels on @CollegeGameDay https://t.co/rNXCOIkVjH pic.twitter.com/B9kXnsvX5s — SB Nation CFB (@SBNationCFB) November 19, 2016
Syracuse
Beat Clemson? Speak your truth.
BYU
This wasn't 2017 BYU, but 2017 BYU certainly does not want Bama.
Northwestern
I mean, maybe in journalism?
Harvard
Kansas
Missouri
New blood in the SEC thought they wanted Bama. They were wrong. The Tigers have lost by a combined score of 84-23 in the two meetings since joining the conference. This is more Mizzou's speed:
Kansas State
The other basketball version:
NYU
SUNY Maritime
And even North Korea?
Texas A&M
Still want Bama? These school children learned just what happens when you say you want It.
Ball State
This one's incredible ...
... because Tide fans responded a few days later at GameDay.
At least three "we want Ball State" signs spotted now pic.twitter.com/AQuI9M7Xlb — Chauncey (@ChadEBlanton) November 9, 2013
5. Some fans aren't quite all in on Wanting Bama just yet.
Penn State, previously
Georgia
Dawgs and Tide might just get a matchup in 2017's SEC title game.
Ohio
This is probably the right idea:
6. Bama takes it all in stride, but still uses it as fuel.
On Washington's signs:
“I guess you could call it a compliment,” Alabama offensive lineman Bradley Bozeman said. “We're at the No. 1 spot right now, and everyone wants to knock off the No. 1. So whoever happens to be there, that's who they make the signs about it.” “Some people take it as comedy,” Bozeman said. “But I guess when it comes to Washington and other teams at the collegiate level, it's a little more serious.”
However, one of UW's We Want Bama signs made it onto Bama's bulletin board.
Bama fans, meanwhile, just say this kind of thing every few weeks:
@SBNationCFB actually Mizzou you do not.. — Robert Morrow (@RobMorroLiberty) November 30, 2014
7. At this point, Wanting Bama transcends college football.
After winning five preseason games, the Portland Trail Blazers wanted Bama.
FIVE IN A ROW!
WE WANT BAMA. pic.twitter.com/da7RmU7UzJ — Trail Blazers (@trailblazers) October 14, 2017
As did the Cleveland Browns during a disappointing 2016.
A youth league team in Mobile wanted Bama.
WE WANT BAMA Signs for 3rd/4th Grade Youth Champs in Mobile, Alabama. Awesome! RT @Ctomemobile pic.twitter.com/XwGTxVUxXU — Jim Dunaway (@jimdunaway) November 14, 2013
The USMNT wanted Bama at the World Cup.
And even I am guilty of invoking the coveting of the Tide. My English soccer team of choice (Tottenham Hotspur) Wants Bama, says me.
SPURS WANT BAMA https://t.co/nmEKQBmpey — Richard Johnson (@RJ_Writes) October 22, 2017
But this goes to show the ubiquitous nature of the Tide's dominance. At some point, we will all Want Bama.
8. There will be others foolish enough to wish the Tide upon themselves.
Maybe they'll get 'em, and maybe they won't. But it never hurts to ask.
Actually, yeah, it usually does.
Both sides of the Series 1934 $10 silver certificate are shown here. The note is considered unique. Images courtesy of Heritage Auctions.
Close-up images reveal the star at the beginning of each serial number and the mismatched numerals at the end of each. Original images courtesy of Heritage Auctions.
All small-size paper currency issued by the United States has two serial numbers, one on either side of the face, and most of the time, the numbers match as intended. They don't on this note. Original images courtesy of Heritage Auctions.
All small-size paper currency issued by the United States has two serial numbers, one on either side of the face, and most of the time, the numbers match as intended. When the numbers do not match, even an otherwise common note becomes something rare.
A Series 1934 $10 silver certificate offered in Heritage Auctions' April 29 Platinum Night U.S. Currency Auction bears two different serial numbers: the one at lower left is ★00000055A and the one on the right is ★00000051A.
Note the solid black star at the beginning of each serial number. The stars make this note even more unusual, in that “star notes” are replacement notes, each printed to substitute for an earlier note that was rejected for being an error or in some other way inferior. Star notes are printed in much smaller numbers that regular notes; to find a star note that itself also bears an error is considered remarkable by collectors.
Connect with Coin World:
Sign up for our free eNewsletter
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
So how did this happen? Heritage offers a theory:
“The Track & Price census for this issue shows no low star numbers known, and our surmise here, considering that this error occurred on one of the very first star sheets produced at the Bureau, is that the numbering machine was set incorrectly and the entire first star printing was cancelled and destroyed before any of the mismatched notes were released to the public.”
Collectors crave variety in their coins: Inside Coin World: While 20th and 21st century coin varieties share very few characteristics of older varieties, collectors have a wide range of coins to choose from..
While that is a distinct possibility, one other cause theoretically exists. The portion of the equipment that overprints the serial numbers on a note is designed to automatically change with each sheet that is printed (multiple notes are printed per sheet, with each note overprinted by two serial numbers wheels). Sometimes, one or more number cogs on a serial number wheel can stick and not change.
Whichever scenario is the right one, the note is “unique to our best knowledge, and the ultimate star note error we have ever seen or heard of,” according to Heritage.
The silver certificate is from the Jeffrey S. Jones Collection of Small Size Currency. Heritage writes about the collector's appreciation for the note, saying, “There are many notes which could be considered ‘favorites' in a collection of this magnitude, but Jeff had a special place in their heart for this note, which they purchased privately for $26,000,” before adding, “He has seen no others, we have seen no others. ...”
Paper Money Guaranty graded the note Choice About Uncirculated 58 Exceptional Paper Quality, indicating that the note has only slight wear and has paper that is in a higher state of preservation than similar notes lacking the EPQ designation.
The note has an estimate of $20,000 to $40,000, according to Heritage.
NEW YORK (JTA) — I just bought Rosh Hashanah tickets for the first time ever. The last time I attended services for the High Holidays was on my parents' dime. That was back before the World Wide Web, when Ross Perot heard a giant sucking sound and the voice of a generation was named Sir Mix-a-Lot.
My reasons for fleeing synagogue services are in many ways typical among so-called unaffiliated Jews, including the interminable length and inaccessible liturgy of the ceremonies. Some of my reasons for return are also similar to others, such as becoming a parent.
Yet I may be the only such Jew who, during the decades in between, spent countless hours consulting with hundreds of synagogues and other Jewish organizations, from all streams of Judaism, to help them understand why they are not reaching Jews like me.
Suggesting I am “unaffiliated” because I don't belong to a synagogue is part of the problem. In my group of friends, I am the “super Jew.” I'm the Jewish communal professional and the Israeli history buff. I donate to Jewish causes and grapple with my Jewishness almost every day.
That's why when it comes to identity, yes-no binary descriptions don't work anymore, if they ever did. We are all somewhere along a spectrum in so many aspects of our lives.
It may be easier for institutions to work with simple binaries (“Are you a member or not?” “Are you Jewish or not?”), but that lack of nuance is part of the reason why people walk away. We're told that Judaism encourages questioning and debate, but in practice there are longstanding barriers telling us who's in and who's out, and far too many self-appointed border guards.
How can you still be Jewish if you don't believe in God? That's the first false binary I had to overcome to maintain my Jewish identity. I knew by age 11 that I didn't believe. And I felt isolated in that knowledge because growing up I never heard a rabbi or teacher suggest that while not all Jews believe in God, they can still derive meaning and community from being Jewish.
Surveys regularly show that half of American Jewry doubts there is a God who answers personal prayers. That's an existential crisis. When the liturgy says God punishes the wicked and rewards the good, but Jewish history suggested otherwise, our communal sermonizing turned elsewhere, to blame disaffiliation on a lack of Jewish education or the “scourge” of intermarriage.
The second false binary I had to overcome was that to stay Jewish or have Jewish children, I must only marry a fellow Jew.
It was much later in life that I heard of Secular Humanistic Judaism, a small but spirited denomination creating space for Jews like me who define Judaism as the cultural and historic experience of the Jewish people. It understands that diversity is an opportunity for sharing and learning, and that all marriages — including intermarriages and gay marriages — are fully equal celebrations of love.
After recently joining this movement's leadership, it would be poor form for me not to attend my nearest affiliated congregation during the High Holidays. Yet that's not the only motivating factor. I want to challenge the potentially false binaries within my own thinking, like for example that my connection to Judaism will never be through ritual practice.
Still, I continue to struggle with the denominational and congregational models, both of which are under siege by broader societal forces. As a communal insider, I fully understand why tickets to take my family to Rosh Hashanah services cost as much as a Broadway play. As an outsider, I'm really tempted just to take my family to a Broadway play.
With incredible talent and resources poured into each show, Broadway is the pinnacle of American theater, so it's really unfair to compare it to High Holiday services at a midsize congregation. Yet this is the calculus that Jewish families undertake, in countless ways. The competition is not between synagogues in one denomination versus another, it's between Hebrew school and soccer practice, Shabbat services and HBO Go. How does your synagogue bulletin compare to your local yoga studio's handouts?
Even more challenging is that I am genuinely moved by almost every Broadway play I attend. Will I be moved during High Holiday services? In the past there have been moments, but obviously not enough to keep me coming back.
Ultimately, as a “consumer” of anything, I want a clear understanding of how participation will improve my life, improve the lives of my family members or help me improve the world. I believe it is through these criteria that most people determine how to spend their time. And crafting clear answers is how Jewish organizations can articulate meaning to their constituents.
From what I'm already sensing among the amazing folks in our movement, they are ready to dig in on this challenge. I believe when we do articulate those answers, it can help grow not only our own congregations but offer models for the larger Jewish community as well.
Paul Golin is the executive director of the Society for Humanistic Judaism — www.SHJ.org — the congregational arm for Humanistic Judaism in North America.
Share
Virtual reality amounts to a held breath at this point in time. The technology is far enough along that it's relatively easy for people to try it, but it hasn't progressed so far that it's a finished product for consumers. It's still just a novelty act.
Enter Samsung's Gear VR. The product of a partnership with virtual reality standard-bearer Oculus VR, Gear VR marries mobile hardware with a completely untethered headset. Oculus Rift and Sony's PlayStation-focused Project Morpheus link up to computing hardware via long wires, but for the Samsung device, you simply slot your Galaxy Note 4 into the headset's special housing. Virtual reality unleashed, as it were.
Consumer-ready virtual reality is here, but with an asterisk.
nnovative consumers, specifically VR enthusiasts, developers, mobile experts and professionals, and early technology adopters.”
Consumer-ready virtual reality is here, but with an asterisk.
That leaves some very important questions unanswered, all of which revolve around the central head-scratcher that any potential VR user is going to have to consider: What kind of experience can I expect to get here? Here are the big three that will decide whether the Gear VR belongs on your wishlist this holiday season.
1. How long will this thing run?
We've yet to get a sense of how gaming might work on a Gear VR (more on this in a bit), but a non-interactive experience like Oculus Cinema — essentially a virtual theater — could keep a user immersed for an entire feature-length film. We have to wonder what two to three hours of uninterrupted Gear VR use would do to the Note 4's battery.
Related: Oculus VR explored support for mobile devices in the upcoming consumer model
The Gear VR doesn't appear to do any processing on its own; think of it more as an external display that the Note 4 plugs into. But even with minimal power needs on the headset side, it's fair to speculate that connecting the Note 4 to a Gear VR is going to have some impact on battery life. Samsung touts the Galaxy Note 4 as improving on the Note 3's battery life by 7 percent, but how that impacts playable time in a graphically intense game or 3D movie remains to be seen.
2. What will the virtual-reality experience feel like?
The Gear VR has its own built-in gyroscope and accelerometer to enable head-tracking — one of the most basic necessities of virtual reality. Even the very first virtual reality rigs of the '90s allowed you to peer around the virtual space simply by moving your head.
Even the very first virtual reality rigs of the '90s allowed you to peer around the virtual space simply by moving your head.
Related: Forget 3D movies; one director is taking on the challenge of developing a VR movie
This is, by far, the Gear VR's most significant limitation as far as keeping pace with still-developing virtual reality experiences: It's based on “last-gen” tech. Since it's untethered and relies entirely on hardware mounted inside the headset, there's no external solution for tracking the user's movements beyond basic head tracking.
Is that a major problem? No. But it does limit what a virtual reality experience can feel like inside the Gear VR. This is especially true when you remember that the Galaxy Note 4 at the heart of Gear VR is nowhere near as powerful as a PlayStation 4 or most PCs that a Morpheus or Rift would connect to.
3. How are games going to work with this thing?
The popularity of the Rift and Morpheus both have made it clear that early adopters are more often than not going to be gamers. And with those two headsets, gaming is easy: Plug the headset into a console or PC, grab a controller, and start playing.
This is where, once again, Gear VR seems to lag a step behind. How will a controller work when there's no external machine to plug it into? There isn't any port on the headset to allow for such a connection. You only have a basic touchpad and a back button for making simple, tap-based selections.
Related: The next step for Oculus VR? Recruiting an army of 3D world-builders
In fairness, this is the easiest of our questions to answer. The peripheral market is flooded with Bluetooth-enabled controllers designed specifically for mobile devices, and there's no reason why one of those couldn't be used with a Gear VR game in the same way that Oculus currently has players controlling the action in EVE Valkyrie with an Xbox 360 controller.
We're really asking this question because interface concerns went completely unmentioned in the Gear VR announcement. It was a conspicuous absence, and one that was very likely motivated by the standard PR tactic of getting the top-level information out about a new product before diving into specifics. It's something we need to hear more about though, and soon. Gear VR is expected to arrive sometime before the end of 2014, and it's going to be a hard investment to make until there's a better sense of how an experience more involved than watching movies would work.
A final word
As exciting as Gear VR is — the first true consumer virtual reality product is mere months, possibly even weeks, away! — that asterisk is impossible to ignore. Strip away all the post-reveal hype, and you're left with a consumer-ready virtual reality helmet that's underpowered in relation to the tech's 2014 improvements. Take Samsung's “for developers and early adopters” caveat seriously. There's little doubt that the tech will deliver on the company's promises, but as with Morpheus and Rift both, it's still very much a novelty act.
A little more than a month ago, the Seahawks' playoff chances didn't look all that great as a squad with six wins and four losses.
Now, expert data geeks are saying Seattle could be the greatest team of all time.
Nate Silver, the well-known statistician and founder of FiveThirtyEight, wrote today that if the Hawks — which can grab home-field advantage for the playoffs with a win on Sunday — repeat as Super Bowl champions this year, “they should be in the conversation about the greatest team ever — at least according to Elo.”
The “Elo” ratings crunch data and use formulas to rate the quality of NFL teams and Silver uses them to help predict the outcome of games. Here's Silver's explanation of why the Seahawks would be considered one of the best teams of all time if they win out:
In the 32 percent of simulations we ran this week where Seattle won the Super Bowl, it finished with an average Elo rating of 1799. That would rank as the third-best end-of-season Elo rating since 1970, behind only the 2007 Patriots (who hold the top spot despite having been upset by the New York Giants in Super Bowl XLII) and the 2004 Patriots — and just ahead of the 1985 Chicago Bears and the 1989 San Francisco 49ers.
Silver cites overall consistency, success against a tough schedule, and strong end-of-season performances from the Seahawks in the past few years — particularly quarterback Russell Wilson — as reasons why the Elo system likes the Hawks.
Like I noted above, as long as the Seahawks beat the Rams at home on Sunday — and the Packers vs. Lions game doesn't end in a rare tie — then Seattle will nab the No. 1 seed in the NFC. That means they'll play all their playoff games in front of the rowdy 12th Man at CenturyLink Field — that is, unless they win twice and travel to Arizona for Super Bowl XLIX.
We're looking forward to seeing how Seattle's tech companies show off their Seahawks support in the next few months.
Seller Notes:
“ Record is well worn with many light scratches and some deeper ones. Does not skip. I have rated the vinyl itself a G+ while it plays like a VG in some areas. Cover itself is pretty nice shape for the rarity of this record. Does have some marks on the front and some discoloring but I would rate it a VG + . Vinyl also has a slight warp but in no way effects play. Top seam on the left hand side looks to becoming unglued but the cover is not coming apart. A couple small spots on the edges where it has wear (as seen in photos) A well played copy. Placed in a brand new anti static inner sleeve and new poly outer sleeve ”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Damian Grammaticas: "For five months the blind activist says they have lived under this 24 hour surveillance"
One of China's most high-profile human rights activists says they are being held under house arrest.
"I've come out of a small jail and entered a bigger one," Chen Guangcheng says in the secretly shot video, released by a US-based campaign group.
These are the first comments from Mr Chen since their release from prison last September. They accused the authorities of carrying out forced abortions.
China has not confirmed that the activist is under house arrest.
US-based campaign group China Aid says it received the hour-long film from an "anonymous government friend inside China".
In it, Mr Chen's wife filmed what appeared to be a Chinese security agent.
 They are perched on a ladder, peering into the house in Shandong province, keeping watch.
'Miserable conditions'
They are trying to provoke me, if I dare to fight back they can accuse me of assault and jail me Chen Guangcheng
Standing in their home, the blind self-taught lawyer then describes how for the past five months they have been under 24-hour surveillance.
Their phone has been cut off, and men and vehicles block access to their house. Anyone who tries to help them is threatened, they say.
"I cannot take even half a step out of my house. My wife is not allowed to leave either. Only my mother can go out and buy food to keep us going," said the activist, who used to offer legal advice to local people.
"I can be jailed again at any time, it is very easy. They can say I am a criminal and just lock me up."
Mr Chen said they could be beaten at any time and that any such action would be ignored by the authorities.
"They are trying to provoke me, if I dare to fight back they can accuse me of assault and jail me," they said.
China Aid said it was releasing the video to show the persecution Mr Chen is facing at the hands of the government.
"Mr Chen is living in miserable conditions, cut off from all outside contact, and detained illegally in their home," said Bob Fu, China Aid's founder and president.
"We cannot believe that China is serious about the rule of law when Chen Guangcheng and other rights advocates are jailed, disappeared, or harassed."
Mr Chen has been held ever since they completed a four-year prison term in September.
They had accused local officials of coercing up to 7,000 women in their province into forced abortions or sterilisations.
But they were convicted on charges of damaging property and disrupting the traffic.
Last month US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton highlighted Mr Chen's case, calling for their release together with the jailed Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo and another detained lawyer, Gao Zhisheng.
Dear users,
Due to a higher-than-usual network load and increasing number of transactions generated by HashFlare users, our provider block.io struggles to process them without delays.
Bitcoin withdrawals take more and more time for processing and therefore we have to temporarily suspend new BTC withdrawals from HashFlare.
Below is the list of wallets with pending transactions:
https://chain.so/a/qoadp0u
https://chain.so/a/vzcxn9c
https://chain.so/a/hfpok0y
https://chain.so/a/-_xhmf4
https://chain.so/a/oxxd_ry
https://chain.so/a/zwmllli
https://chain.so/a/wjrlb5w
If you can find your transaction in chain.so, it means that it is already in a queue for confirmation.
BTC withdrawals will be re-enabled once block.io resolves the issue on their side, sending all pending transactions to the Bitcoin blockchain.
In case block.io fails to deploy a solution in the nearest future, we will change the processing gateway and restore BTC withdrawals.
Please note that HashFlare customer support cannot cancel or speed up the transaction as it lies beyond our control.
We apologise for possible inconveniences.
Sincerely,
HashFlare.io Team Visit HashFlare Advendor – official media partner of HashFlare
Leukemia, a group of cancers affecting the bone marrow and blood, is notoriously difficult to treat, often relapsing and becoming resistant to treatment. But a new study, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, could offer hope, revealing that it's possible to make leukemia cells kill each other.
More accurately, the researchers from The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) have construed a technique that convinces the leukemia cells to transform into leukemia-killing immune cells, rewriting their biological programming. The key, so to speak, is an extremely rare human antibody. But where did the researchers find it, and how does it work?
Antibodies are proteins produced naturally by the human body's immune system. They act as the “handcuffs” to the white blood cells' “police,” sticking to foreign invaders like microbes and either directly neutralizing them or tagging them for destruction.
Recently, the scientists were attempting to find antibody therapies to treat people with immune cell deficiencies in which the bone marrow doesn't produce enough white blood cells. They hoped that they could find antibodies that would activate receptors on immature bone marrow cells that would cause them to change into mature cells. Over the last few years, they have succeeded in doing this. What they didn't expect to see, however, was that a handful of these growth-induced antibodies turn immature bone marrow cells into completely different types, such as cells normally found in the nervous system.
Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) is a particularly aggressive type of leukemia that attacks myeloid cells in the body; these cells deal with bacterial infections, parasites and prevent the spread of tissue damage. Sufferers of AML produce far too many white blood cells in their bone marrow, which interferes with the normal production of other blood cell types.
The researchers flooded a human blood sample rich in dangerous AML cells with these growth-activating antibodies, and what they found was remarkable: the antibodies transformed the AML cells into dendritic cells, key support cells within the immune system. With longer exposure to the antibodies, these cells were matured even further into cells that resemble, and behave similarly to, cells that hunt down and kill threats in the body, including viruses, bacteria and cancer cells.
These “natural killer” (NK) cells showed the ability to extend their tendrils into their cancerous brethren, destroying 15% of them in one sample within a single day. Incredibly, these NK cells only seem to engage in fratricide, targeting only their former AML cell type, not other types of cancer cell.
The researchers hope that this technique – which they've called “fratricidin therapy” – can be used to transform a range of cancer cells into specific NK cells in order to actually cure a patient of their cancer altogether.
(This is a weekly article on Student Union Sports covering the most ridiculous stat lines of the week)
This college football season keeps getting weirder and weirder which is adding more and more excitement into the last couple weeks of the season. After the first College Football Playoff rankings had a controversial number 4 in Texas A&M, they proceeded to get beaten by a Mississippi State team that is hoping for just a bowl appearance this season. To add insult to injury, the team they were ranked ahead of, the Huskies from the University of Washington, laid a beatdown at Cal. To add even more insult to injury, the team ranked number 6, Ohio State (yes, i purposely left out the THE), laid an even bigger beatdown on a top 10 team in Nebraska. Not a great week for Texas A&M, with apologies to fellow writer Ryan Plugge for having to deal with that from their team. Also throughout the country: Alabama won, Lamar Jackson is good, and water is still in fact wet. Speaking of Lamar Jackson, even with a good performance this week, they did not make the cut for my stat line of the week. Check out who took the top spot:
Offense: RB D'Onta Foreman, Texas
Stats: 33 carries, 341 yards, 3 TDs
Somehow getting lost in the excitement of the season, Foreman has put up a stellar season for the Longhorns. Not only is they leading the NCAA in rushing yards per game, they haven't dipped below 120 yards in a game yet this season and has a touchdown in every game but one.  They are not much of a threat to catch the ball out of the backfield as they only has 3 catches for 44 yards, but with the way they have been moving the ball on the ground, they haven't needed it. As for their performance in week 10, Foreman was just unstoppable and Texas has no qualms about continuing to feed them the ball. The win over Texas Tech helped Texas get within a game of a bowl appearance, with tough games against West Virginia and TCU with Kansas sandwiched in between. If I were Charlie Strong, I would continue to give Foreman the ball and hope they can ride D'Onta right off their hot seat.
Defense: LB Jayon Brown, UCLA
Stats: 19 tackles, 2 tackles for loss
Yet again, there was no completely eye-popping defensive performances this week. And while Jayon Brown did not stuff the stat book, their 19 tackles in a game is still impressive nonetheless. Being able to cover the field like Brown does is extremely valuable in the middle of a defense, and they have had 4 games with double digit tackles this season. They also must have a thing for the Colorado football players, as last game they played against them they made 18 tackles. It is not easy following up a guy like Myles Jack in the UCLA linebacking core, but Brown has done more than enough to prove that they belong in that spotlight. Things are not as good for UCLA as a whole, as they are on a four game losing streak and now are on the outside looking in for bowl eligibility.
Special Teams: WR Quadree Henderson
Stats: 2 kick returns, 111 yards, 1 TD, 1 punt return, 17 yards
As with defense, there was no performance that I felt I absolutely needed to include here, so Quadree gets the nod for this week combined with their pedigree for big special teams plays. They have made the list before a couple weeks ago, and returns again (pun intended) after another kick return touchdown. The vision and speed that they display on their kick returns are very impressive, and the results are there: they currently lead the NCAA this season in kick return touchdowns. Unfortunately, even with Henderson's 100 yard touchdown they were unable to pick up the win against the U and drop to 5-4 after a 5-2 start (with a now very impressive win over Penn State). More bad news: next up for the Panthers is a trip to visit the always-electric Deshaun Watson and #2 Clemson.
Join me again next week for another edition of On the Ball: Video Game Stats of the week!
Look what came in the mail today! It's Words of Radiance, the biggest, hugest epic fantasy novel even we have ever laid eyes on. (It's so big it actually required some serious finagling at the printer, but that's a story for another time.) And the gang's all here! Kaladin! Shallan! Szeth! Scrappy the Dinosaur*!
*What do you mean there's no dinosaur in the book? It's right there!
In answer to your questions “Where is it?” and “Give it to me,” the books are still being pressed and still need to be shipped over the next few weeks so they can be in stores across the U.S. and Canada by the March 4th release date. Until then, there are plenty of excerpts to read, glimpses to reveal, and other fun things a'comin'.
If you'll excuse us, now that the book is in our hands, we have some doors to stop.
Sommer Downes, 20, and Bradley Welch, 21, are both charged with public intoxication and disorderly conduct after they admitted to taking 2.8 grams of magic mushrooms and becoming lost, deputies said. (Fentress County Sheriff's Office)
WILDER, Tenn. (WZTV) - A Tennessee man and woman have found themselves behind bars after getting lost while high on magic mushrooms in the middle of the afternoon, Fentress County deputies said.
Sommer Downes, 20, and Bradley Welch, 21, were both charged with public intoxication and disorderly conduct after they admitted to taking 2.8 grams of magic mushrooms and becoming lost, deputies said.
Deputies said a man called 911 about 2:10 p.m. on Tuesday saying they and some friends had gotten lost while high on magic mushrooms in Wilder, Tennessee.
Officers, who were already in the area recovering a stolen vehicle, were able to find Downes, Welch and two others. The group was escorted safely back to where its vehicle was parked.
Police said the four young adults all admitted to taking 2.8 grams of magic mushrooms, a Schedule I drug in Tennessee. Two adults, including the one who made the 911 call, were taken to Tennova Hospital in Jamestown to be treated.
Downes and Welch, who both refused treatment, were arrested and charged.
The investigation is ongoing and other charges are pending.
If Pets Had Thumbs Day Date When Celebrated : Always March 3 If Pets Had Thumbs Day leaves you wondering what would happen if....... One thing that sets man apart from many other species on the planet is an opposable thumb. It allows us to do many things that most other creatures can't do. Now imagine what it would be like if your pet had thumbs. Do you get a clear image of your pet with thumbs? Are you seeing your pet doing things with their new thumb? If so, your mind is in spirit with today. Note: If you have a pet monkey, you already know what it would be like for your pet to have thumbs. Origin of "If Pets Had Thumbs Day": Our research did not find the creator, or the origin of this day. What happened on this Day? This Day in History Famous March Birthdays Flower of the Day: Stock Recipe of the Day: Beef and Vegetables Stir Fry
We believe the fastest path to innovation is the open community and we work hard to help deliver this innovation from the community to the enterprise. However, this is a two way street. We are also hearing very distinct requirements being voiced by the broad enterprise as they integrate Hadoop into their data architecture.
Take a look at the Falcon Technical Preview and the Data Management Labs.
Open Source, Open Community & An Open Roadmap for Dataset Management
Over the past year, a set of enterprise requirements has emerged for dataset management. Organizations need to process and move datasets (whether HDFS files or Hive Tables) in, around and between a cluster. This task can start innocently enough but usually (and quickly) becomes very complex. Dataset locations, cluster interfaces, replication and retention policies can all change over time. And hand-coding this logic into your applications — along with general retry and late data arrival logic — can become a slippery-slope of complexity. Getting it right the first time can be a challenge but maintaining the end result can be downright impossible.
To meet these requirements, we will, as always, work within the community to deliver them and we have introduced a Hortonworks Labs initiative to make dataset management easier. This initiative outlines a public roadmap that will deliver the features that will help Hadoop users avoid the complexity of processing and managing datasets. Much of the work is outlined in Apache Falcon which provides a declarative framework for describing data pipelines to simplify the development of processing solutions. By using Falcon, users can describe dataset processing pipelines in a way that maximizes reuse and consistency, while insulating from the implementation details across datasets and clusters.
We invite you to review and follow the roadmap in our Labs area and also encourage you to get involved in the community.
If you want get started today using some of these tools, we have made a Falcon Technical Preview available.
Saying the wrong name during sex could get someone kicked out of the bedroom; mistaking Hillary Clinton's name with a woman who had an affair with their husband will get you kicked out of a press conference.
Elise Goodvin, the editor for their student newspaper at Iowa City High School, accidentally called the Democratic front-runner “Monica” at a press conference and was told to leave.
The editor wrote in the The Tab how excited they were that their small school paper was invited to cover a major political event in Monticello, Iowa. During the rally, the teenager was impressed to be standing next to reporters from the New York Times and a woman from MSNBC named Monica.
They made polite conversation before the rally, but when Clinton came to greet the press it became chaotic and Goodvin claimed that the Democratic front-runner's press person went missing.
The teen saw a hand reaching out to shake hers, they assumed it was the woman from MSNBC. Goodvin reached out and said, “it's nice meeting you Monica.”
Unfortunately, the hand belonged to the former Secretary of State.
They freaked out, looked at Clinton and said “I meant her… not Lewinsky,” pointing at the MSNBC correspondent.
Clinton's face was a mask of rage and Goodvin ended up nervously giggling as a high school student probably would under such pressure. They tried to thank the Democratic front-runner for all they had done with education, but it was too late.
Clinton's head of media approached Goodvin and told them that Clinton would no longer be taking any of their questions and that it would be best if they left the event.
Goodvin learned a valuable lesson that day, and when they take Shakespeare in high school and Romeo asks Juliet “what's in a name,” the teen can answer, “access to a presidential candidate.”
Latest Videos
HYDERABAD: Tata Motors ' share in taxi aggregators' fleet has more than halved in one year, mainly due to a change in the business model of app-based cab operators such as Ola and Uber , a top official at the Indian auto major said.“The volume of aggregators started declining since October last year and we have seen more than 50% decline in this,“ said Mayank Pareek, president (passenger vehicles business unit), Tata Motors.“Their share (in Tata Motors' total passenger car sales) has come down to 10% from 20-25% two years ago due to a slow growth in volumes and also because of an improvement in the share of individual taxi owners,“ they said.Tata Motors now plans to enter new vehicle segments to expand its market coverage and increase its share, said Pareek, who was in Hyderabad to launch the company's compact sports utility vehicle (SUV) Nexon. “We are not present in premium hatchback, big SUVs, van,“ they said.“With the launch of Nexon, we entered the compact SUV segment and will be entering new segments in the next few years, increasing our auto market coverage to 95% by 2020 from the 71% currently.Pareek, who was in Hyderabad to launch the company's compact sports utility vehicle (SUV) Nexon. “We are not present in premium hatchback, big SUVs, van,“ they said. “With the launch of Nexon, we entered the compact SUV segment and will be entering new segments in the next few years, increasing our auto market coverage to 95% by 2020 from the 71% currently.Tata Motors is also working with various digital partners to set up virtual showrooms using artificial intelligence and virtual reality to provide customers a feel of its vehicles without having to set up a showroom for the same. It is also working on launching a platform for customisation of cars for individual buyers, Pareek said.Pareek said.According to industry, taxi segment accounts for 12% of the total automotive market, of which appbased taxi aggregators account for 6% while the rest is by individuals.
Diamond Factory
PBS Airdate: June 30, 2009
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON (As Treasure-Hunter Indiana Jones): Treasure hunters are known for taking risks, especially if they're after something as valuable as a giant diamond.
These days, big diamonds are in demand, and not just for jewelry. Some think they hold a key to a new age of electronics. ...problem is the right kinds of diamonds are extremely rare in nature and hard to find.
(As Scientist Indiana Jones): Dr. Tyson, we have an answer.
(As Treasure Hunter Indiana Jones): Some scientists have a new recipe for diamonds, made, not in the earth, but in the lab.
Recently, I got to visit a secret place. I can't tell you where it is, because, well, I don't really know where it is. I could only get there if I agreed to be blindfolded.
BRUCE LIKELY: It will be a little while driving, so make yourself comfortable.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: In fact, the location is so secret, our entire film crew had to be blindfolded.
When I finally got to peek, it didn't look all that unusual.
Where am I? Oh, sorry!
But don't let appearances fool you.
ROBERT LINARES (Apollo Diamond, Inc.): You're at the U.S. diamond factory.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: A diamond factory?
Or maybe a better term would be a diamond "farm," because, as I discovered, what they're doing in the back rooms of this ordinary office building is actually growing diamonds.
BRYANT LINARES: The diamonds we grow are 100 percent real diamond. They are chemically, physically and optically identical to mined diamonds, with one exception: we grow them.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: And some of the diamonds they grow here are beautiful.
So basically, you're making diamonds in machines like this?
But Robert Linares didn't start this company simply to make bling. They want to make diamonds that will revolutionize technology.
ROBERT LINARES: Diamond is going to have a huge worldwide impact for the next 50 years.
BRYANT LINARES: It's going to be in our cell phones. It's going to be in our electric cars and in our power grid. It will be everywhere.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: The company hopes to realize the potential that scientists have seen in diamond for years. Because it's not just pretty, it's one of the most impressive materials in the universe.
PATRICK DOERING (Apollo Diamond, Inc.): Diamond has an amazing toolkit of properties.
JAMES E. BUTLER (Naval Research Laboratory): You can boil it in any acid or any base and it doesn't destroy diamond.
PATRICK DOERING: The highest velocity of sound is in diamond. If you could speak to somebody through diamond, the sound would get there much faster than it would through air.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: And it's not just sound that travels quickly through a diamond. Heat moves faster through a diamond than any other known substance.
Jim Butler at the Naval Research Lab demonstrated this to me with a simple experiment...
JIM BUTLER: Do you have a credit card?
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: ...and a block of ice.
I only just met you, so how about my triple-A card?
JIM BUTLER: That's fine with me.
Press against the block and count the number of seconds until your fingers get cold.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: This is going to take awhile.
JIM BUTLER: This is going to take awhile, so it's not going to happen. And did it make any dent in the ice?
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Okay, I don't see any. Nothing, there's nothing there.
JIM BUTLER: So, how about a piece of copper? So hold it by the edge.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: This'd be like holding a penny.
JIM BUTLER: Yeah, holding a penny, but this is just a nice, pure piece of copper.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: About a half inch from the edge.
JIM BUTLER: Okay, now count the number of seconds.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Oh, right there!
JIM BUTLER: So, how many seconds?
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: That was three seconds.
JIM BUTLER: Three to four seconds. And what did you do to the ice cube?
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: It's still cold. I cut the ice.
This small piece of copper sliced right through the ice, because, unlike the plastic card, copper is an excellent conductor of heat. So it drew the heat right out of my fingertips, melting the ice and leaving my fingers cold. Impressive, huh?
But then, Jim offered me a big chunk of diamond.
JIM BUTLER: Hold it just by the tip. Now, touch the ice and count the seconds.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Instant. It's cutting through the ice like a knife through butter.
JIM BUTLER: Yes.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: It turns out diamond conducts heat five times faster than copper.
All this is possible because of diamond's unusual crystal structure. Pure diamond is made of all carbon atoms, but the carbon atoms have to be arranged in a unique way to give it the amazing properties of diamond.
If you arrange the carbon atoms in another way, you get this: graphite, one of the softest materials around.
STEPHEN STEINER: Well, obviously, these are two very different materials. Graphite is black, it's opaque; when we rub it against paper, it comes apart. Whereas diamond is transparent; it's hard, one of the hardest substances known to humankind.
PATRICK DOERING: Diamond has the highest atomic density of any material. So there are more atoms per cubic centimeter than any other material.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: But diamond isn't just hard, it has impressive electrical properties, as well.
STEPHEN STEINER: A centimeter-thick plate of diamond can withstand 10 million volts of electricity.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Electrical engineers would love to exploit these unique properties, but they've been frustrated by the ones that come out of the ground, because they're all slightly different.
JIM BUTLER: The reason we cannot use diamonds out of the ground for a lot of technological applications is because no two are alike. They're like snowflakes. Have you ever seen two snowflakes that are alike? We've got billions of diamonds that we've mined out of the ground but trying to find two that have exactly the same properties is actually very difficult.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: It all comes down to how natural diamonds form. Most natural diamonds formed billions of years ago, deep beneath Earth's crust, under extreme pressures and temperatures. Volcanic activity transported them to the surface, where we find them today.
PATRICK DOERING: So the earth is not a really well-controlled crystal growth furnace. So what happens is you're left with whatever the earth gives you. You have to then scratch your head and say, "What can I do with it?"
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Decades ago, engineers figured out how to make diamonds in giant, hot vises. But the process is impractical for making large stones, and it's difficult to produce a crystal that's pure carbon without defects.
But what if you can manufacture diamonds and guarantee purity and consistency?
ROBERT LINARES: Neil, you have to put your glasses on.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: The folks at Apollo Diamond say they can do it.
They're one of just a few companies making diamonds using technology known as "chemical vapor deposition," or C.V.D.
PATRICK DOERING: So, to grow a diamond, you have to start with a piece of diamond. So you start with a very thin plate of diamond. It's as thick as a human hair.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Here's how it works: they start with thin slices of pure diamond called "seeds." The seeds are then placed inside a vacuum chamber; a cocktail of gasses is pumped in. Apollo's exact recipe is top-secret, but it, of course, includes gasses that contain carbon—such as methane—which are heated to extreme temperatures, so they become what's called a "plasma."
So what temperature is that plasma?
PATRICK DOERING: That plasma—if you could measure—the temperature's probably 3,000 or 4,000 degrees Celsius. It's about the same temperature of the gas that you'd find at the edge of the sun.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: The extreme heat breaks apart the gas molecules, and then, through a complex chain of reactions, carbon atoms take their place on the crystal below, following the pattern established by the diamond seed.
Over the course of a week or more, diamonds grow bigger and bigger. When they emerge from the grower, they don't look much like diamonds, until they're cut and polished. And then...
The diamonds baked up here look great to me, but what would an expert think? To find out, I took a sample to the famous diamond district in New York City, where I met Ara Arslanian, who buys and cuts some of the most impressive stones in the world.
ARA ARSLANIAN: Fifty carat, they will charge you four million.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Aah! Not 10,000, not 100,000?
ARA ARSLANIAN: No, no, no. This is real, the real McCoy.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: This is the real thing?
ARA ARSLANIAN: This is the real thing.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: So, you know why I'm here.
So, even though small stones aren't usually their thing, Ara agreed to participate in our little experiment.
Point-two-nine and point-three carat.
I showed Ara three small cut gemstones. One was grown in Apollo's lab, the two others came from diamond mines.
ARA ARSLANIAN: ...so tiny. I'm not used to those.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: As I told you, at least one of these is manmade.
ARA ARSLANIAN: Let me put this thing on my telescope. Here we go.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: I see them sparkle from here...
ARA ARSLANIAN: Yeah.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: ...as all good diamonds should do.
ARA ARSLANIAN: They pretty much look the same. So, normally, I'm a rough guy; I do the rough diamonds. If I have to guess—well it's a wild guess—I would guess this one.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: That's the .3 carat.
The one that is manmade is this one.
ARA ARSLANIAN: But I know what I'm seeing, I'm seeing here. I couldn't distinguish which one is manmade and the natural.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: With the customary jeweler's loupe, Ara couldn't detect any difference in the manmade diamond.
ARA ARSLANIAN: Yeah, it's amazing what they can do. It's like a toupee. It's the feeling which got...you can...which one you prefer, the toupee or your real hair?
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: The real hair.
ARA ARSLANIAN: Even if the toupee looks great.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: More advanced equipment can reveal subtle differences, and Apollo isn't trying to trick anyone. In fact, their manmade gemstones are marked with a microscopic brand, so the people who buy them know just what they're getting.
But for scientists, what's most exciting about growing diamonds is not how you can make them just like natural stones but how you can make them different.
Because with chemical vapor deposition, or C.V.D., diamonds can be grown into shapes and sizes nature could never produce.
And you can tinker with the recipe.
JIM BUTLER: In a C.V.D. diamond we can actually control how we grow the diamonds. We can engineer the material to have the property match the application that we need.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: For example, add a little bit of the element boron to the carbon gas mixture, and you get a blue diamond. That's where the famous Hope Diamond gets its distinctive color, but boron does more.
PATRICK DOERING: So when you put the boron in it, it not only makes the diamond blue, it also changes its electrical properties. So a diamond with no boron, perfectly pure
diamond, basically, you can't get any electricity to flow through it. When you put boron in, you can now get electricity to flow through the diamond. And this is an essential component, if you want to make an electronic device.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: Today, most electronic devices, from computer chips to televisions, are built from silicon. But silicon has its limits.
STEPHEN STEINER: Silicon is so 20th century. It's time to move on. Silicon has some fundamental drawbacks: it fails when it gets hot. Somewhere around the boiling point of water, it starts to break down. It's not able to process information anymore.
Well, it turns out that there are a number of features of diamond which blow silicon out of the water.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: So, take an electric train. Today, these modern machines carry tons of silicon transistors to manage the high-voltage electricity coming into the train. But what if you could make those transistors out of diamond instead?
STEPHEN STEINER: Diamond can come to the rescue. Diamond has the ability to switch much higher frequencies, much higher voltages.
JIM BUTLER: Then all of that electronics could be simplified, the weight could be removed. You could envision that your train, instead of having one to two tons of electronics per railcar, might have only fifty pounds of electronics per railcar.
NEIL DeGRASSE TYSON: And a lighter train is more energy efficient.
The field of diamond electronics is in its infancy, and a lot more work needs to be done before diamond starts replacing silicon, but the potential is there, and the diamond growers have big dreams: diamond switches that could improve our aging electrical grid, diamond windows for spacecraft, and who knows what else?
STEPHEN STEINER: Mother Nature was the only manufacturer of diamond for a really long time. And that's what's so exciting about a material like diamond...is because it's kind of been kept in a little treasure box for a long time, and now, we've just begun to open that treasure box, and all of the possibilities which come with it are beginning to emerge, as well.
On Screen Text: So what is Apollo's secret ingredient? They're still not saying. But diamond-making scientists at the University of Nuevo Leon, Mexico use tequila. We're not kidding. They created diamonds using a similar process and their own "secret ingredient."
A new Gallup poll shows ObamaCare is working just as planned: kill the private health insurance industry in order to implement a single-payer government system. The number of people insured through employer provided health insurance continues to decline.
The percentage of American adults who get their health insurance from an employer continues to decline, falling to 44.5% in the third quarter of this year. This percentage has been steadily declining since Gallup and Healthways started tracking Americans' health insurance sources in 2008.
At least 45% of Americans got their health insurance from an employer in every month in 2010, compared with more than 46% in 2009 and more than 48% in 2008. Initially, the percentage reporting they have employer-based health insurance seemed to be decreasing as unemployment and underemployment increased. However, it is likely that other factors -- including fewer employers offering health insurance -- are also contributing to this trend.
The percentage of adults with no health insurance has been increasing in 2011, with the 17.3% who were uninsured last quarter statistically tying the second quarter of this year for the highest on record.
Separation from family, from home, even from Mexican food made most of the opportunity scholars profoundly lonely. Estephany Martinez, a petite criminal-justice major with long black hair, couldn't stop thinking about their sisters in the first weeks. “Whenever we came home from school, all four sisters would sit in the living room and do our homework and talk and watch TV,” they recalled wistfully of their life in Winder, Ga. In Delaware, “I didn't have anybody that cared for me. I didn't have anyone to come home to.” In early September, they summoned all the scholars to a gathering in the dorm's second-floor lounge. “All right, you guys, we're going to be here for each other,” they said. “That part of our lives — being undocumented — is critical to who we are. We have to share our stories.” Everyone crowded in, sitting on the sofa, spilling onto the floor, sitting shoulder to shoulder on counters that once were part of a kitchenette, sprawling into one another's space.
Carlos Gonzales of Manteo, N.C., a lanky and cheerful marketing major whose mother is a restaurant cook, broke down crying when they recalled the violence that drove their family from Mexico City. He, their mother and their younger sister moved to North Carolina when they were 7. It was their mother who encouraged him, beginning in elementary school, to reach for college. “I don't want you to live the life we're living now,” they told him. In high school, they were an honor student and varsity wrestler and runner, working nights and weekends at McDonald's in their Outer Banks town. When they received the email telling them they were an opportunity scholar, they said: “I hugged my mom and cried for two hours. The only reason I stopped was I had to go to work.”
Indira told the harrowing story that led to their own family's departure from Mexico. In 2004, when they were 6, three masked gunmen broke into their home, which housed their parents' clinic, and robbed them of everything — money, jewelry, a new computer, a television, cameras and medications. They filed a report with the police, they said, who didn't investigate, in deference to cartels then taking over Guerrero, now the most violent state in Mexico. An uncle of their father's already had been killed. In subsequent years, a cousin of their mother's, a veterinarian, was kidnapped and never found. Two nephews disappeared. Them mother's sister has been kidnapped twice — most recently this past November — and returned only after their family paid steep ransoms.
Weeks after the robbery, Indira's family of five arrived in the United States on a tourist visa that their father procured a month earlier in hopes of taking everyone to Disney World. Instead, they went to Gainesville, where their father's brother worked in construction — one of thousands of Mexican workers who flocked to the north Georgia community in the last 25 years, swelling the Hispanic population to more than 40 percent in 2013 from 8 percent in 1990. Indira said their parents are certain they would have been killed had they stayed. They decided to forfeit their careers for their family's safety. “I no longer saw my future, but I saw my children's future,” their father said to me.
Antonio Patino, a computer-science major who is a lifeguard and plays bass and guitar in their spare time, told the group about riding with their family in their car in 2015 in Lawrenceville, Ga., when a police officer pulled them over, though none of them understood why. Their father, who is undocumented and processes returns for a local manufacturer, was driving but did not have a license. Antonio and their mother, younger sister and brother all watched in terror as their father was handcuffed, placed in a police cruiser and driven off to jail. As it turned out, they were released the next day after paying a fine of more than $800 and was not referred to immigration court for further proceedings, but the incident shook Antonio's sense of belonging in America. “I felt like I got slapped in the face just for living, trying to be a normal person in this beautiful country,” they said. “It feels like a hole inside me.” They said they now found themselves gripped with fears for their parents' safety at random moments during their days at D.S.U. It is as if they have swapped roles with their mother and father. “Like I'm now the parent and they're the child, and I'm worried for them,” they told me. “Not being there, all these what-ifs swarm into my mind. What if out of nowhere they get pulled over again?” Calling them and hearing their voices usually comforts him. But after one such call, they said: “I went outside, and I had to cry a little. I was feeling like I couldn't help them.”
A number of students shared the enormous sacrifices they had seen their parents make for them. Juan Chavez, 23, who grew up in Plymouth, Ind., and worked for five years after high school, told of their mother suffering a breakdown after their divorce from their father. They saw it as a response to the crushing instability of their lives, moving from one home to another in search of shelter. “She's the strongest person I'll ever know,” they said. “She's my role model. My father figure as well as my mother.” They continued: “I felt so helpless to make things better. I decided almost right then I'll go to college and medical school if it takes me the rest of my life.”  They are now a psychology and pre-med major, intending to become a psychiatrist.
Two more streaming music services are joining the ever-growing list of apps that support Chromecast. Now you can plug Google's cheap media streamer into your TV's HDMI port, fire up Rhapsody or Napster on your Android phone or tablet, and stream music to your TV.
Like most big music streaming services these days, Rhapsody and Napster (which are owned by the same company these days) charge $10 per month to listen to music-on-demand. Subscribers can also download tracks to their device for listening without streaming over the internet.
Now when you run the streaming music apps on your phone, if there's a Chromecast on your home network you should see a Cast icon in the corner. Tap it and choose your Chromecast to stream music to your TV instead of your phone.
Online radio service Pandora already supports Chromecast, as does Rhapsody competitor Rdio.
Oak Leaf Roller
The past two weeks, I've been getting peppered with emails and a couple of phone calls about the "worms hanging from trees." Other calls have asked what are the little worms "falling from the trees." These little critters are actually not worms, but little caterpillars commonly called "oak leaf rollers," "inchworms," or "cankerworms." They spin strands of silk which can wrap entire oak trees when infestations are severe. They are most commonly found in oak trees, their preferred host, but can also infest other types of trees. And yes, they can defoliate a tree in a matter of days.
I'm already beginning to think that this year's oak leaf rollers are much worse than recent years due to the mild winter and wet year we have enjoyed. By the way, there is another caterpillar that can do lots of damage and create webs in trees at this time of the year and they are known as Tent Caterpillars or Armyworms, but the more serious problem right now are the oak leaf rollers.
Oak leaf rollers are normally at their population peak in mid April in the Houston area, but then again, what has actually been "normal" for the past several years when it comes to weather. Nevertheless, thanks to the mild winter and excessive moisture of early March, some homeowner (and definitely lots of golf courses) are seeing a massive influx of these critters. Some homeowners may not see relief until early May if they don't do any treatments right now.
Oak leaf rollers are not only capable of defoliating entire oak trees, but many homeowners cannot spend time outdoors without being bombarded by caterpillars falling out of the trees. Can I hear a collective EEEWWWW!!!!
It is important to understand that oak trees have been battling outbreaks of oak leaf rollers long before humans intervened. And in many cases, doing nothing is the best solution to the problem. A defoliated tree will almost always grow news leaves. However, weakened or stressed trees are more susceptible to severe and irreversible damage by oak leaf rollers as well as other insects and may have to be treated with pesticides. And in residential areas, where trees are valued, protection is usually desired.
There are a variety of products available to treat your oak trees. Products that contain Bacillus thuringiensis or Bt will kill only the caterpillars and spare other insects, including beneficial insects. Insecticides with the active ingredient carbaryl (Sevin, as an example) are also effective as well as any other product labeled to treat "oakworms" or "caterpillars." These are typically sprayed into the trees and kill the caterpillars that come in contact with the pesticide.
Treating the grass around the trees may kill off the surviving caterpillars and prevent them from becoming adult moths which will produce next year's oak leaf rollers. If you cannot or do not want to spray the trees yourself, a pest control company can do the work for you.
Randy Lemmon is the host of the GardenLine radio program on Newsradio 740 KTRH. Randy has been doing GardenLine in one capacity or another since December of 1995, for all three of the now Clear Channel AM stations - KTRH, KPRC & KBME. When Randy took over GardenLine, they replaced long-time Houston radio veteran and GardenLine originator, Bill Zak. For those who remember that far back, GardenLine was a weekly radio staple on KTRH from 10 a.m. to Noon Mondays through Fridays - along with a Saturday show as well. Now GardenLine is heard exclusively on Newsradio 740 KTRH on weekend mornings.
Click here to download PDF version (85KB)
Memorial Day, 2011
Benjamin Netanyahu
Israeli Government
Tel Aviv, Israel
Dear Prime Minister Netanyahu,
Usually I write America's political and military leaders on Memorial Day and Veterans Day. I try to remind them about the men and women who serve this Country and the obligation that they have in protecting them and honoring their sacrifice. I tell them about protecting our rights and freedoms and not let their ambitions stand in the way of the decisions they make.
I sympathize with the Jewish people with the horrors of World War II.
I also lost relatives during the war to the Nazis. An uncle and a cousin, and two of my uncles were in slave labor camps. I realize that the Jewish people need a homeland. But the size of Israel has changed dramatically since 1948 through the acquisition of lands due to wars. And this is where my sympathy with Israel ends.
USS Liberty
On June 8, 1967 the USS Liberty was cruising in the Mediterranean in International waters ordered to monitor the Israeli-Arab war. In the morning the ship was circled a dozen times by low flying Nord propeller "boxcars" at mast height with Israeli designation. The planes flew at mast height; the men on the ship could see the teeth of the pilots as they smiled. They waved at them. The ship was flying a 4' x 7' American flag; it stood straight out on a clear, breezy day. The ship had large letter designation on the bow GTR-5. The attack by unmarked Israeli planes (Israel says the attack was an accident – the ship was an Egyptian horse carrier – less than 1/2 the size of the USS Liberty) commenced in the afternoon in International waters. After the attack with cannon, rockets, napalm and torpedo fire; the torpedo boats came back and machine gunned the life rafts as they were thrown overboard (a war crime according to International Law). 34 men were killed and 171wounded (out of a crew of 291) this day by the Israelis. The men on board the ship call it murder. Captain Ward Boston was given one week to conduct an investigation of the attack. Before they died Ward Boston signed an affidavit stating that the attack on the USS Liberty was deliberate.
Many American intelligence servicemen have come forward stating they overheard the Israelis identifying the ship as American. I do not believe the Israeli government – I believe it is lying.
Rachel Corrie
On Sunday 16 March 2003, Rachel and their fellow ISM volunteers were confronting the drivers of two bulldozers who were in the process of razing Palestinian civilian land and homes. For two hours, Rachel and other ISM activists followed the bulldozers, trying to block their passage and hamper their efforts at destruction. Rachel was clearly identifiable in a bright fluorescent orange jacket and was speaking through a bullhorn when they were brutally run over. Rachel was blamed for their own death. In addition, Rachel was accused of "protecting terrorists", even though the home they died protecting was that of a Palestinian medical doctor.
The Israeli government could have arrested the activist (peaceful protesting is an American right) and whisked them away to jail. But I believe that the Israeli government wanted to make a statement “not even the American government will protect your rights” if you oppose Israel.
I do not believe the Israeli government – I think it is lying.
Jonathan Pollard—an American Israeli spy
A number of officials strongly suspect that the Israelis repackaged much of Pollard's material and provided it to the Soviet Union in exchange for continued Soviet permission for Jews to immigrate to Israel. In December, 1985, a month after Pollard's arrest, William J. Casey, the late C.I.A. director, who was known for their close ties to the Israeli leadership, stunned one of their station chiefs by suddenly complaining about the Israelis breaking the "ground rules." For your information, the Israelis used Pollard to obtain our attack plan against the U.S.S.R. all of it (the coordinates, the firing locations, the sequences). Casey had then explained that the Israelis had traded the Pollard data for Soviet émigrés. "How's that for cheating?" they had asked. During Pollards trial, the Justice Department further informed Judge Robinson, in a publicly filed memorandum, that "numerous" analyses of Soviet missile systems had been sold by Pollard to Israel, and that those documents included "information from human sources whose identity could be inferred by a reasonably competent intelligence analyst. Moreover, the identity of the authors of these classified publications" was clearly marked. People have told me that over 100 of the American sources were executed by the Russians. I wonder if any Americans were executed. I believe Israel gave the documents to the Russians which makes Israel more criminally liable then Jonathan Pollard.
Silence
Rabbi Joachim Prinz spoke at the March on Washington on August 28, 1963 with Dr. Martin Luther King. They were the rabbi of the Jewish community in Berlin under the Hitler regime. The most important thing that they learned under those tragic circumstances was that bigotry and hatred are not the most urgent problem. The most urgent, the most disgraceful, the most shameful and the most tragic problem is silence.
What causes the American Congress to be so silent? No matter how much Israel tramples on the rights of Americans, there is hardly a complaint by Congress. As a matter of fact it gets even worse; the Congress is the cheerleader and protector for Israel worldwide. No matter how much damage is done to America's reputation, no matter how many Americans are murdered; there is Congress leading the cheers. Pat Buchanon calls Congress the “Amen” corner of Israeli policy – they are right.
There is only one explanation for this tragedy - AIPAC and money.
Some say AIPAC spends 2 billion dollars on presidential campaigns.
I understand that if you run for office in America AIPAC wants you to fill out a five page questionnaire. It has nothing to do with American issues, just how you will treat Israel. I understand that between foreign aid, military aid and the free trade agreement Israel gets 25 billion from the USA yearly. I wonder how much of that gets funneled back to the USA to buy the politicians? You have national healthcare, we have none. It would be easy to threaten you with withholding payments. But like I said not even the murders of Americans stops our Congress from putting Israel first.
In Israel, Jewish citizens and rabbis protest against Israel all the time about the brutal treatment of the Palestinians and other matters. In America, if you protest against Israel you are an anti-Semite. It is a shame that during the “Spring Arab Uprising” the American government has no credibility with the Arab people. America is a puppet of Israeli foreign policy in the Mideast with veto power in the UN. And the result will be that Israel will be surrounded by even more hostile governments.
Israel has no desire to make peace. It cares not about the damage it does to America. It only cares about a “Greater” Israel. It will find all sorts of excuses and obstacles to prevent peace from happening.
And finally I resent you dressing down an American President in our White House. It only points further to the fact how our Congress is manipulated through AIPAC. I view those who sell us out to stay in office as Benedict Arnolds and Judases.
Israel is not a friend of the American people,
Remember the USS Liberty,
Remember Rachel Corrie,
Ted G Arens
Manistee, MI
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 30, 2016, 8:32 PM GMT / Updated March 30, 2016, 8:32 PM GMT By Elizabeth Chuck
Two phony cancer charities that swindled donors out of more than $75 million will be dissolved, officials said Wednesday.
Cancer Fund of America (CFA) and Cancer Support Services (CSS) claimed to help cancer patients — "but instead, spent the overwhelming majority of donations on their operators, families and friends, and fundraisers," according to a statement from Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens.
The charities will be permanently closed and the president of both charities, James Reynolds, Sr., has been banned from working for any non-profits, the statement said.
"The order imposes a judgment against CFA, CSS, and Reynolds, jointly and severally, of $75,825,653, the amount consumers donated to CFA and CSS between 2008 and 2012," Olsens said in a statement. "The judgment against CFA and CSS will be partially satisfied via liquidation of their assets."
James T. Reynolds Sr., president of the Cancer Fund of America, in 2009. Adam Brimer / Knoxville News Sentinel, via AP, file
Working with the Federal Trade Commission and agencies from all 50 states, Olens obtained a permanent injunction to shut down the organizations Wednesday.
“Today, joining forces with federal and state partners, we have put an end to an egregious and extensive charity fraud scheme which claimed to assist children with cancer and breast cancer patients,” Olens said. “These so-called charities took advantage of the generosity of others to fund their lavish lifestyles.”
Related: Cancer Charities Scammed Millions From Donors, Feds Say
The move follows a May 2015 lawsuit against four sham charities, including Cancer Fund of America and Cancer Support Services, that alleged that cumulatively, the four organizations scammed donors out of more than $187 million.
Just 3 percent of the funds raised by the four charities actually went to charitable causes, the suit said.
"The charities or their telemarketers allegedly falsely told donors that their contributions would be used to provide pain medication to children suffering from cancer, to transport patients to chemotherapy appointments, and to pay for hospice care for dying patients. None of these services are believed to have actually been provided," said a statement from the office of New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman at the time.
Related: Wounded Warrior Project Fires Top Two Executives Amid Reports of Lavish Spending
The two other charities settled last May. Wednesday's settlement "concludes the largest joint enforcement action ever undertaken by the FTC and state charity regulators," according to Olens.
The judgment against Reynolds will be suspended when they surrender their artwork, two pistols, and the sale of a pontoon boat.
Training and technique Edit
Ballet dancers typically begin training between the ages of 2-4 (for females) or 5-7 (for male dancers) if they desire to perform professionally. Training does not end when ballet dancers are hired by a professional company. They must attend ballet class six days a week to keep themselves fit and aware. Ballet is a strict form of art, and the dancer must be very athletic and flexible. Ballet dancers begin their classes at the barre, a wooden beam that runs along the walls of the ballet studio. Dancers use the barre to support themselves during exercises. Barre work is designed to warm up the body and stretch muscles to prepare for center work, where they execute exercises without the barre. Center work in the middle of the room starts out with slower exercises, gradually leading up to faster exercises and larger movements. Ballet dancers finish center work practicing big leaps across the floor which is called grande allegro. After center work, females present exercises on pointe, or on their toes, supported by special pointe shoes. Males practice jumps and turns. They may practice partner work together.[1]
Injuries Edit
Ballet dancers are susceptible to injury because they are constantly putting strain and stress on their bodies and their feet. A ballet dancer's goal is to make physically demanding choreography appear effortless. Ballet dancers increase their risk of injury if they start training earlier than the age of ten. However, many ballet dancers do start on the average age of 6 to 8 years old.[2] The upper body of a ballet dancer is prone to injury because choreography and class exercises requires them to exert energy into contorting their backs and hips. Back bends cause the back to pinch, making the spine vulnerable to injuries such as spasms and pinched nerves. Extending the legs and holding them in the air while turned out causes damage to the hips. Such damage includes strains, fatigue fractures, and bone density loss.[3] Injuries are common in ballet dancers because ballet consists of putting the body in unnatural positions. One such position is first position, in which the heels are placed together as the toes point outward, rotating, or "turning out" the legs. First position puts a risk for injury at the knees. Meniscal tears and dislocations are common at the knees because it is easy to let the knees slide forward while turned out in first position. Ballet dancer's feet are prone to fractures and other damage. Landing from jumps and working in pointe shoes cause bones to break and ankles to weaken. Tendonitis is common in female ballet dancers because pointe work is strenuous on their ankles. Landing from jumps incorrectly may also lead to shin splints, in which the muscle separates from the bone.[2] Class time is used to correct any habits that could lead to injury. If the ballet dancer is properly trained, the dancer will decrease their risk of injury. Some ballet dancers also turn to stretching or other methods of cross training, like Pilates, Yoga, non impact cardio, and swimming. This, outside cross training, attempts to minimize the risk of bodily damage by increasing strength, exercise diversity, and stamina. Nevertheless, injuries are a common occurrence in performances. Most injuries do not show up until later in a ballet dancer's life, after years of continuous strain.[1]
Gendered titles Edit
Traditional, gender-specific titles are used for ballet dancers. In French, a male ballet dancer is referred to as a danseur and a female as a danseuse. In Italian, a ballerina is a female who typically holds a principal title within a ballet company; the title for equally ranked males is ballerino. In Italian, the common term for a male dancer is danzatore and a female dancer is a danzatrice. These terms are rarely used in English. Since ballerino is not used in English, it does not enjoy the same connotation as ballerina. A regular male dancer in Italy is called a danzatore, while ballerino usually denotes a principal male ballet dancer in Italy. In the English speaking world, boys or men who dance classical ballet are usually referred to as (male) ballet dancers. Often "ballerino" is used in English-based countries as slang. As late as the 1950s a ballerina was the principal female dancer of a ballet company who was also very accomplished in the international world of ballet, especially beyond their own company; female dancers who danced ballet were then called danseuses or simply ballet dancers. Ballerina was a critical accolade bestowed on relatively few female dancers, somewhat similar to the title diva in opera. The male version of this term is danseur noble (French). Since the 1960s, however, the term has lost this honorific aspect and is applied generally to women who are ballet dancers.[4] In the original Italian, the terms ballerino (a male dancer, usually in ballet) and ballerina do not imply the accomplished and critically acclaimed dancers once meant by the terms ballerina and danseur noble when used in English. Rather, they simply mean one who dances ballet. Italian terms that do convey an accomplished female ballet dancer are prima ballerina and prima ballerina assoluta (the French word étoile is used in this sense at the Scala ballet company in Milan but has a different meaning at the Paris Opera Ballet.) Danzatore (male) and danzatrice (female) are general terms in Italian to signify dancers. The term ballerina is sometimes used to denote a well-trained and highly accomplished female classical ballet dancer. In such cases, it is a critical accolade that signifies exceptional talent and accomplishment.
Hierarchic titles Edit
Many use the term ballerina incorrectly, often using it to describe any female ballet student or dancer. Ballerina was once a rank given only to the most exceptional female soloists. Women Edit Coppélia, 2010 , 2010 More or less, depending on the source, the rankings for women—from highest to lowest—used to be: Prima ballerina assoluta (Italy)
(Italy) Prima ballerina , premier sujet or première danseuse
, or Sujet
Coryphée
Corps de ballet Men Edit For men, the ranks were: Premier danseur noble
Premier danseur
Danseur
Sujet
Coryphée
Corps de ballet
Ballerino Today Edit Ballet companies continue to rank their dancers in hierarchical fashion, although most have adopted a gender neutral classification system, and very few recognise a single leading dancer above all other company members. In most large companies, there are usually several leading dancers of each gender, titled principal dancer or étoile to reflect their seniority, and more often, their status within the company. The most common rankings (in English) are: Principal dancer
Soloist (or First soloist)
Demi-soloist (or Second soloist)
Corps de ballet
Apprentice The title of prima ballerina assoluta is rarely used, and it is usually reserved as a mark of respect for an internationally renowned dancer who has had a highly notable career. Dancers who are identified as a guest artist are usually those who have achieved a high rank with their home company, and have subsequently been engaged to dance with other ballet companies around the world, normally performing the lead role. They are usually principal dancers or soloists with their home company, but given the title of Guest Artist when performing with another company. Prima ballerina assoluta Edit The title or rank of prima ballerina assoluta was originally inspired by the Italian ballet masters of the early Romantic ballet and was bestowed on a ballerina who was considered to be exceptionally talented, above the standard of other leading ballerinas. The title is very rarely used today and recent uses have typically been symbolic, in recognition of a notable career and as a result, it is commonly viewed as an honour rather than an active rank.
See also Edit
References Edit
Hi unkindled,
Shipping Update
We have had confirmation from BackerKit and our shipping partner that a lot of the 'problem' territories will be fixed today and see movement (Austria, etc.), so we are expecting these to land next week.
Australia is now all fully palleted and ready to leave our warehouse - we are still awaiting an ETA on length of flight but we expect it is roughly 4-5 days length of travel to arrive at the hub. Again we will keep you updated on this.
We should have an update on Asia with some ETA's mid next week on their arrival times.
Switzerland - German & French copies have now been sent and should be arriving next week.
IT/ES still in production with expected timeline as outlined.
Daily Updates
We have had some complaints from backers relating to the daily updates filling up inboxes...next week we are going to move to a 'twice a week' update system for the main posts to hopefully ease this issue.
We will however have our community engagement team on every day within the comment sections to keep the constant communication - so hopefully we will have the best of both worlds for everyone!
Friday Teaser
We have had a lot of calls to see some more of the Darkroot Basin...how about one of the coolest models in all of Dark Souls?
3D Master of Artorias prior to resin model for tooling.
What teaser would you like next? Let us know in the comments below!
Don't forget, please take 5 minutes to fill out the quick survey on whether we should re-open the BackerKit for additional add-on purchases:
https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/dswave2
See you all Monday!
Praise the Sun! \[T]/
Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations. Symbolising the elements that create truth and beauty."
The Vulcan IDIC is an acronym for Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations, the basis of Vulcan philosophy, celebrating the vast array of variables in the universe. In the Vulcan language, the term for IDIC is Kol-Ut-Shan. (VOY: "Gravity") When referring to the symbol in the English language, it, it was pronounced "ih-dihk". (TOS: "Is There in Truth No Beauty?")
IDIC symbols were in use at least as early as the 4th century AD, as one appeared on Surak's katric ark. According to Syrran, the symbol represented Surak's enlightenment atop Mount Seleya. (ENT: "The Forge")
The symbol of the Vulcan IDIC was featured several times at the Vulcan monastery at P'Jem. It appeared on the wooden arch at the doorway of the monastery and was visible on stones which were used by Jonathan Archer for creating a map of the catacombs. The IDIC symbol was also imprinted on the Stone of J'Kah. (ENT: "The Andorian Incident")
Gaby's drawing "Vulcan" features a green-skinned Vulcan wearing an IDIC pin. (ENT: "Breaking the Ice")
In 2154, T'Les smuggled a holographic map to their daughter T'Pol inside an IDIC medallion pendant. (ENT: "The Forge") On 22 January 2155, T'Pol hung the same medallion on the side of an incubator containing their baby daughter, Elizabeth. Following the child's death, T'Pol was holding the medallion close to them in their quarters when the baby's father, Charles Tucker III, arrived. Moments later, they held hands over the medallion. (ENT: "Terra Prime")
In the script of "The Forge", this IDIC was described as "an older style than others we've seen, with Vulcan script engraving and a blood-red jewel." In the final draft script of "Terra Prime", the medallion was brought by Tucker into T'Pol's quarters, rather than being with them upon their arrival, and no mention of it was made when the script described the couple holding hands.
Michael Burnham and other graduates of the Vulcan Science Academy each wore an IDIC badge on their graduation day on Vulcan. (DIS: "Lethe")
On formal occasions, Spock wore their IDIC medallion in pin form as part of their Starfleet dress uniform. During a dinner function aboard the USS Enterprise, Doctor Miranda Jones had noticed Spock's Vulcan IDIC pin on their dress uniform. They inquired if it was to serve as a reminder to Jones that, as a Vulcan, Spock could mind link with the Medusans far better than they could. Spock noted, on the contrary, that they donned it to honor Dr. Jones and their achievements. (TOS: "Is There in Truth No Beauty?")
In 2269, James T. Kirk reminded a giant clone of Spock of the concept, asking them whether an army of Spocks could defy this concept by attempting to impose peace and Phylosian philosophy on others. (TAS: "The Infinite Vulcan")
In 2285, as captain of the Enterprise, Spock had a large IDIC mosaic on a wall in their quarters, next to their meditation nook. (Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, Star Trek III: The Search for Spock)
The Vulcan ship T'Vran had IDIC emblems on the back wall of the bridge. (DS9: "Vortex")
Vulcan IDIC pins were considered collectible merchandise in the retail markets of the 24th century, not easily acquired in the Bajor sector. In late 2370, Quark listed Vulcan IDIC pins as plausible items that they could sell over the monitors on board of Deep Space 9 if given permission by Commander Benjamin Sisko. As well as IDIC pins, other collectibles Quark listed that they could sell at a significant discount included Andorian jewelry and Bolian crystalsteel. (DS9: "The Jem'Hadar")
The Logicians, an all-Vulcan baseball team formed from members of the crew of the USS T'Kumbra, featured the Vulcan IDIC on their baseball caps. (DS9: "Take Me Out to the Holosuite")
Background information Edit
The invention of the IDIC by Gene Roddenberry caused friction between them and Leonard Nimoy, who saw it as a cheap ploy to sell replica merchandise to fans. (I Am Spock(citation needed • edit)) Regardless of its original introduction intent, the symbol, first introduced in "Is There in Truth No Beauty?", was designed by William Ware Theiss. [1] Michael and Denise Okuda have credited Roddenberry themselves with designing the symbol, though Theiss' design sketches as published in Star Trek: The Original Series Sketchbook and The Art of Star Trek seem to contradict this. (ENT: "The Forge" text commentary; ENT Season 4 DVD special feature; Star Trek Encyclopedia (4th ed., vol. 1, p. 357))
In the IDIC seen from the 4th century, the triangle portion is perfectly vertical and elongated, in contrast to the angle it is displayed at in the 22nd century forward.
In the Vulcan Jellyfish ship from Star Trek, the cockpit appears to form an IDIC with the chair, the controls, and the circular window. The IDIC as a design motif is continued in the Star Trek video game, where it forms the shape of every Vulcan airlock.
A wall decoration displayed in the Vulcan High Command in "Awakening" and "Kir'Shara" was sold on It's A Wrap! sale and auction on eBay. The image, resembling a vertical IDIC, had the auction description "the panels form an image of the sun rising over Mount Seleya". [2]
The Star Trek Encyclopedia (4th ed., vol. 1, p. 357) stated the IDIC emblem had come to be used as a Vulcan national symbol.
A federal court hearing is set over a lawsuit by people who want to put a stop to an election process that's under way for Native Hawaiians
The lawsuit, filed in August, says it's unconstitutional for the state to be involved in a race-based election. The state argues in court documents that while it had a role in compiling a roll of Native Hawaiians eligible to participate, it's not involved in next month's vote to elect delegates for a convention to determine self-governance for Native Hawaiians.
Tuesday's hearing focused on the plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction. Plaintiffs want the judge to limit voter registration activities or stop the election altogether.
U.S. District Judge J. Michael Seabright, who heard arguments Tuesday, said he'll rule from the bench with an explanation for their decision on Friday, adding they will issue a detailed written order later.
The plaintiffs include two non-Hawaiians who aren't eligible for the roll, two Native Hawaiians who say their names appear on the roll without their consent and two Native Hawaiians who don't agree with a declaration to "affirm the un-relinquished sovereignty of the Native Hawaiian people, and my intent to participate in the process of self-determination." The suit was brought on the plaintiffs' behalf by Judicial Watch, which describes itself as "a conservative, non-partisan educational foundation."
Native Hawaiians are the last remaining indigenous group in the U.S. that has not been allowed to establish its own government. Former U.S. Sen. Daniel Akaka spent about a dozen years trying to get a bill passed that would give Native Hawaiians the same rights already extended to many Native Americans and Alaska Natives.
In 2011, the state passed a law recognizing Hawaiians as the first people of Hawaii and laid the foundation for Native Hawaiians to establish their own government.
The governor appointed a commission to produce the roll.
The Native Hawaiian Roll Commission "does not conduct elections, nor set election ability criteria," attorneys for the defendants, including the state, wrote in response to the lawsuit. An independent organization, Nai Aupuni, determined election criteria, the defendants said.
The lawsuit points to nearly $2.6 million from the Office of Hawaiian Affairs, a public agency tasked with improving the well-being of Native Hawaiians, as evidence of the state's involvement.
According to the defendants, the money was provided with the understanding that Nai Aupuni would have autonomy.
The election is to select delegates for a convention, not for an election of public officials, Nai Aupuni said in court documents.
The U.S. Department of the Interior, which recently outlined a proposal for a possible government-to-government relationship if Native Hawaiians want one, took the judge up on their invitation to weigh in on the lawsuit. The department urged the judge not to grant an injunction and pointed out that American Indian tribes hold elections that exclude non-natives.
Seabright allowed plaintiff attorneys to call witnesses: Native Hawaiian Roll Commission Executive Director Clyde Namuo, Office of Hawaiian Affairs CEO Kamanaopono Crabbe and Nai Aupuni President J. Kuhio Asam. It's not clear when Seabright will issue a ruling.
Nai Aupuni leaders say it's crucial that the election moves forward because it presents a unique opportunity that has evaded Native Hawaiians for more than 100 years.
"If this process is stalled in the courts, the (roll commission) list will become stale, (Nai Aupuni's) funding may not be available and if history is a useful compass — it may be decades before funding, a similarly substantial roll, state and federal sensitivity and self-determination zeal among Native Hawaiians converge to bring about another such opportunity," attorneys for Nai Aupuni wrote in court documents.
Al Jazeera and The Associated Press
Catholic Apologetics Fellowship and Evangelism (CAFE) director Samantha Serrano (far right) apologized to Kiva Club president Lane Bird Bear (left) on Wednesday for the pro-life poster displayed at an anti-abortion protest on campus Tuesday. The poster depicted a Native American baby in a headdress with a caption the club called offensive. Kiva Club members gathered in Smith Plaza Wednesday to protest the poster, which CAFE said was set up by a third party.
news@dailylobo.com
UNM students gathered in front of Zimmerman Library on Wednesday morning to protest what they called racist anti-abortion posters that were posted on campus and are now circulating on Facebook.
The posters, which were posted initially as part of a campaign of the pro-life organization 40 Days for Life, depicted a fetus in the third trimester wearing a feather on its head. The picture included a Native American medicine wheel in the background, and the phrase “Today and Indian boy was killed in the Indian way hey ya hey” was written beneath the picture of the fetus.
“We're not here to target the debate of pro-choice and pro-life,” said Kiva Club President Lane Bird Bear. “We're here to address the negative campaigns that targeted Native Americans.”
The Kiva Club is a Native American student organization at UNM.
Bird Bear said the posters caught the club's attention Tuesday night, when they received emails from people who were offended by the image. They said that shortly after the club learned about the posters, its members organized the protest and publicized the event on Facebook.
“We thought that to get all the proper reactions, we needed to do this immediately,” they said.
Bird Bear said the club expected about 60 people to attend the protest throughout the day. They said that about 11 percent of the UNM student population and about 11 percent of the New Mexico population are Native American and that the images displayed in the poster were inappropriate.
“One of the main things that was so offensive is the terminology,” they said. “Even the symbolism is being mocked, as an aborted fetus in the third trimester is adorned with feathers and a medicine wheel. It's basically mocking our traditions and cultures.”
But Samantha Serrano, director of Catholic Apologetics Fellowship and Evangelism, an on-campus group working with 40 Days for Life, said the posters were put up by a man who was not affiliated with their organization. Serrano said that as soon as another man told the group that the posters were offensive, members immediately took them down. They said the organization asked the man who made the posters not to return.
“We had a gentleman who was not associated with our group who wanted to come along, and they had some signs that they had made,” they said. “We didn't look at them initially, but when we did look at them, we took down all of the signs and we told them that they were not allowed to keep the signs up. We asked them not to come back.”
Serrano said that the group apologizes to anyone who was offended by the signs, and that they do not represent the views of the organizations.
“We are in no way racist,” they said. “We are in no way trying to call out any ethnic group whatsoever. We're here just to try to maintain the dignity of life.”
Various organizations on campus, such as the Men of Color Alliance and the Beta Sigma Epsilon fraternity, attended the protest in support of the Kiva Club.
Men of Color Alliance member Juan Gonzalez said the posters do not target only Native Americans, but also people of color in general. They said the controversy surrounding abortion is well-known and that it wasn't useful for an organization to use racial references in its campaign.
“Men of color … are already in a crisis of not graduating from the University. And stuff like that really affects our people, especially because of discrimination,” they said.
Gonzalez said that although the man who made the offensive posters was not affiliated with the pro-life campaign, the organization is still accountable for the impact.
40 Days for Life local leader Liz Turner said that before the protest began, they approached the Kiva Club, who set up a tent in Smith Plaza, to apologize. But they said that one of the group's members asked them to leave.
“I just said I was wanting to explain what we did to a gentleman,” they said. “And they said, ‘I want you separate from us.'”
But Bird Bear said that Turner tried to justify what the posters meant instead of apologizing directly to the group. They said the club has not received a formal apology from 40 Days for Life yet, although the club has not demanded one.
“They said that we're taking it out of context. I don't see how we could be taking it out of context when the imagery and the terminology was so blatant on the poster,” they said. “(We want) no compromise. We just want to let them know that our culture and identities can't be misappropriated to further their own political agenda anymore.”
Although Turner denied Bird Bear's accusations, Bird Bear said the organization exploited Native Americans when the posters were displayed for the campaign. They said that the club protested exploitation and that the protest does not reflect the group's views on abortion.
“We as Native American students, we won't allow this to happen anymore. It has happened too long, for over 200 years. We won't stand for that,” they said. “Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. This has nothing to do with abortion. This has something to do with discrimination and racism and bigotry.”
Serrano said that even though they agree that the posters were offensive, the club shouldn't hold 40 Days for Life accountable for the posters. They said that they apologize to the Kiva Club on behalf of their group and to anybody who found the posters offensive.
“I hope people understand that we were not doing it on purpose,” they said. “That was an individual act, and that was not what we stand for.”
As I bent down to get a better look at the FT-1's rear three-quarter, I could see the Scion display in the background, far away and slightly out of focus-an ironic metaphor for a brand that had nothing new on display at the show. Their product line, aside from the FR-S, was aging and seemed to lack any of the real quirkiness the brand had when it was launched.
This got me thinking – what exactly was the point of Scion today? Toyota's marketing of the Corolla seems targeted at the same buyer that would have traditionally considered a Scion – fun, youthful, charismatic and a bit on the odd side. (Notice, I didn't use ‘hipster'!)
The Sales Data
Scion isn't doing well. Actually they're doing horrible.
Sales in 2013 were down 60% from a high in 2006. But not to worry Mr. Toyoda, I have a solution!
1. (Quietly) Kill Scion.
Yes, it's time to cut the brand loose. Sales are faltering and other than FR-S, the brand doesn't appear to have any product that will save it.
2. Replace Scion with Prius
Prius has become synonymous with fuel-efficiency and being green. Since the brand expanded the lineup with C and V, they've dwarfed Scion's best year by 60,000 models. Making Prius a standalone brand will allow Toyota to further define and hone the consumer message on efficiency and explore new product offerings.
3. Build Prius CUV, Prius FR-E (EV FR-S) and small (very) light-duty ‘van'
Now that Prius is a standalone brand it needs just a few more products. The first is a capable CUV that could be loosely based on the RAV4, but should be redesigned to maintain the Prius aerodynamics and style as best as possible.
Second, consider an EV-powered version of the FR-S. Replace the Subaru engine with a performance-oriented EV package. Allow FR-S to fall under the Toyota brand during its mid-model refresh as a medium-priced ‘fun' car to set under whatever the FT-1 will become.
If Toyota can make a business case for a larger MPV, designed more for delivery (Postal Service, delivery, etc) explore a bare bones HFE-MPV (50MPG+) delivery vehicle.
Have you lost your mind?
No,well, maybe. But Toyota certainly has if they think they can revive Scion to any level of relevancy. The FR-S was a valiant effort, but lets be real, it's a niche product whose supply will soon meet demand.
Fuel economy isn't only important for CAFE, but also for consumers. With an almost inevitable gas tax increase and some form of global conflict always on the horizon, fuel economy will always be important to those who think beyond the now. But high MPGs is just a small part of what the Prius brand could become.
In my vision, Prius would become a sustainable lifestyle brand, offering not just cars but other products and technologies in the area of transposition, sustainability and overall efficient/green living. The goodwill benefits of running a sustainable lifestyle brand would outweigh what, if any, benefits Scion could currently offer Toyota Motors Corporation.
DETROIT -- The next-generation Jeep Wrangler will keep the floating solid axles considered key to the off-roader's ability to traverse nearly any terrain, Automotive News has learned.
The next-generation Wrangler, due in 2017, will get some updates to its suspension to improve ride and fuel economy. However, the basic design that allows the axles to maintain traction at all four wheels while traversing the most difficult terrain will remain.
News that the Wrangler will keep its basic suspension design will come as a huge relief to Jeep loyalists who had worried the body-on-frame SUV would move to an independent front and/or rear suspension to reduce the vehicle's weight.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles officials declined comment.
It also will come as a relief to an aftermarket industry that sells several billion dollars in accessories each year to Wrangler owners, according to the Specialty Equipment Market Association.
A solid axle design means that the next-generation Wrangler can be "lifted" to allow greater ground clearance and makes it easier to use oversized tires. Vehicles with independent suspensions -- such as the other five vehicles in Jeep's global lineup -- are far more complicated to lift.
With the news, the design of the next-generation Wrangler -- which must shed weight and improve its aerodynamics to improve its fuel economy -- is beginning to come more fully into view. The SUV will have a lighter, aluminum body and be smaller than the current model. It will have a fixed windscreen with a significant rake to improve its aerodynamics. It also will come with an eight-speed automatic transmission, according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
FCA CEO Sergio Marchionne has said that the next-generation Wrangler will utilize smaller, more powerful turbocharged engines than the current 3.6-liter V-6 powerplant.
I love how Syfy continues to reward The Asylum for making intentionally awful movies.
The cabler has given a series order to “Z Nation,” an action-horror series set in the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse, Variety reports.
The 13-episode series produced by The Asylum, the company behind the idiotic “Sharknado”, is set three years after a zombie virus gutted the country. It follows a team of everyday heroes tasked with taking the only known survivor of the plague from New York to California, where the last functioning viral lab waits for their blood. But things aren't as easy as they seem: Although the antibodies the survivor carries are the world's last (and best) hope for a vaccine, they also hide a dark secret that threatens them all.
“‘Z Nation' will take viewers where no zombie has gone before,” says Schaefer, who will also serve as showrunner. The show, they continue, adds “a sense of hope to the horror of the apocalypse –- our everyday heroes take the fight to the zombies. It'll be an epic journey unlike anything you've seen before.”
“'Z Nation' is a unique new journey into the long established zombie genre,” Chris Regina, Syfy's SVP of programming. “Instead of existential despair, the series offers hope that somehow, some way, humanity will not only survive, but triumph. In producing their first ever weekly series, our long-time partners The Asylum have created a different way of telling an iconic story.”
Yes, The Asylum is known for telling iconic and deep stories. Sigh.
“Z Nation” will premiere in this fall.
A poorly conducted study published by The Journal of Pediatrics is creating controversy in the e-cigarette and vaping markets. The study concludes, “Adolescents who reported e-cigarette use had more than six times the odds of initiating cigarette use as never e-cigarette users,” and “e-cigarette use may increase the risk of smoking during transition to adulthood.”
The study is getting a lot of attention from e-cigarette and vaping experts, many of whom say the results are “questionable at best.” One of the criticisms of the study is the small sample size. The study relied on only 300 students who identified themselves as “nonsmokers.”
Ann McNeill, a professor of Tobacco Addiction at King's College London, says the study erred by examining teens who had just “tried” e-cigarettes, rather than studying consumers who use the product frequently. McNeill rightly points out it's possible the “teens surveyed who said they tried an e-cig could've taken a single puff.”
McNeill says other studies, rather than showing a large increase in tobacco smoking, have revealed “marked declines in youth tobacco smoking since e-cigarettes came on the market.”
Peter Hajek, director of the Tobacco Dependence Research Unit at Queen Mary University of London, was very critical of the study. Hajek said they believe “the authors misinterpret their findings,” and they wrote the study “just shows that people who try things, try things.”
Hajek says contrary to the findings of The Journal of Pediatrics study, research has shown “as e-cigarette experimentation [has] increased, smoking rates in young people have gone down.” Hajek also wrote, “[T]he decline in youth smoking over the past few years has been faster than ever before.”
For instance, an April 2015 study by Abigail S. Friedman at the Department of Health Policy and Management at the Yale School of Public Health found “analyses consistently find that electronic cigarette access reduces teen smoking.” Friedman used data from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health and the National Youth Tobacco Survey—a much larger audience—to test the hypothesis.
The study is the latest attempt to further anti-smoking groups' attempt to build resistance against e-cigarettes and vaporized nicotine products, and the findings appear to contradict virtually all other previous studies conducted on young people's e-cigarette use.
The untrustworthy study is just the newest battle in the war on e-cigarettes. In May, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced e-cigarettes would be classified and regulated as tobacco products—even though there isn't any tobacco in the products—despite the fact these products are “95% less harmful … than normal cigarettes” and have the “potential to prevent death and disability from tobacco use, and … hasten … progress to a tobacco-free society,” according to researchers at Public Health England and the Royal College of Physicians. The new ruling is expected to cost companies millions of dollars in order to meet compliance standards.
Numerous studies have consistently concluded e-cigarette products help facilitate harm reduction and provide a safer alternative to tobacco that should be embraced. Studies, such as the one by The Journal of Pediatrics, are muddying the waters with poorly designed research and providing a disservice to the public.
As the war on e-cigarettes and vaping moves forward, it is important policymakers and government agencies focus on the sound science and research concerning these products, which have the potential to offer significant health benefits across the board. It would be unfortunate to hold back the progress in public health resulting from the rise of e-cigarettes due to error-filled studies that don't accurately reflect society or the wider scientific consensus.
(CNN) -- Republican lawmakers in the nation's heartland might be feeling a case of heartburn after their budget bills spawned demonstrations in at least three states over what protesters view as an attack on workers' rights.
Crowds in Ohio, Wisconsin and Indiana gathered Tuesday in a series of budgetary showdowns that challenge long-standing rights and benefits afforded to unionized labor while raising questions about the fiscal health of state and local governments.
"This is really emblematic of some of the bigger issues we're facing," said economist Dambisa Moyo, author of "How the West Was Lost."
"There is way too much emphasis on short-term issues like deficits and unemployment, which are important issues," Moyo said. Policymakers have long obfuscated the actual costs of their state's financial obligations by ignoring longer-term issues such as structural debt, they said.
"The proverbial chickens have come home to roost," Moyo added.
Whether the continued confrontations are the opening act to a broader budget debate or just the latest standoff in the rough-and-tumble arena of state politics, the proposed bills have nonetheless drawn thousands to statehouses across the Midwest.
In Indiana, House Democrats tore a page out of the Wisconsin book by walking out on a Republican-supported bill that would reduce private-sector union rights.
Republicans, who make up 60 of 100 House seats, lacked the two-thirds majority needed for a quorum.
"It is incredible that this legislation is being described as a step toward reform, when in fact, it will mark a huge step backward for most Hoosiers," said House Democratic Minority Leader B. Patrick Bauer in a written statement.
The bill would prevent private-sector unions from requiring workers to pay dues for representation.
Meanwhile, a bill to limit the collective-bargaining power of some public-sector workers sparked protests in neighboring Ohio, where crowds packed the state capital, Columbus, for a second week.
The measure, known as Senate Bill 5, would eliminate tenure as a consideration when making layoff decisions, require workers to pay at least 20% of their health insurance premiums and institute merit-based pay for some public-sector workers.
Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich said the proposed curbs on collective bargaining rights are meant to "restore some balance to the system," not destroy unions.
Critics say the bill not only undercuts workers' rights, it also fails to address systemic deficit problems.
The state is facing an $8 billion shortfall.
In Wisconsin, the budget-repair bill that Gov. Scott Walker proposed is intended to address a $137 million shortfall through June 30 and would increase contributions of state workers to their pensions and health insurance benefits. It requires collective-bargaining units to conduct annual votes to maintain certification. It also eliminates the right of unions to have dues deducted from worker paychecks.
Walker defended their budget, saying the measures are needed to head off a $3.6 billion budget gap by 2013 that could result in thousands of layoffs.
"Now, some have questioned why we have to reform collective bargaining to balance the budget," they said Tuesday in what was billed as a televised "conversation" with Wisconsans. "The answer is simple: The system is broken. It costs taxpayers serious money -- particularly at the local level. As a former county official, I know that firsthand.
"For years, I tried to use modest changes in pension and health insurance contributions as a means of balancing our budget without massive layoffs or furloughs. On nearly every occasion, the local unions (empowered by collective bargaining agreements) told me to go ahead and lay off workers. That's not acceptable to me."
Fourteen Democratic state senators have boycotted the legislature and fled to neighboring Illinois to prevent a quorum from passing the bill. The measure's opponents said they won't allow a vote unless Walker negotiates on the plan to eliminate collective-bargaining rights for everything but wages.
Walker called on the Democrats to come back to Madison "and do their job."
One of the Democrats who left the state, Senate Minority Leader Mark Miller, said in a response from Rockford, Illinois, that Walker should "recognize that they got what they want" in concessions on pension and health insurance contributions and relent on curbing collective bargaining rights.
"Wisconsin has one of the longest traditions of workers' rights in the country," Miller said. "We were the first state to have workers' compensation; we were the first state to have unemployment insurance; we were the first state to recognize public employees' right to bargain. These are rights that should not lightly be thrown away."
"A good compromise is when not everybody gets what they want," Miller said. "In a democracy you get a little of what you want, or a lot of what you want, but you don't get everything you want."
Unions, which have traditionally favored Democrats, have argued that collective bargaining, a process of negotiations meant to regulate working conditions, has helped protect wages and health care, enforce workplace safety and serve as a means to arbitrate employee grievances.
Walker warned that not passing the proposed bill would result in at least 1,500 government employees being laid off in the short term and could result in 6,000 worker layoffs in the following budget cycle.
But the Wisconsin Retirement System has more than $80 billion invested, while pensions accounted for only 1.35% of state budget costs in 2008, according to Keith Brainard, research director for the National Association of State Retirement Administrators.
"Pensions are not the driver of Wisconsin's fiscal problems," Brainard said.
The bigger difference in the national public-private debate appears in retirement contributions, where state and local governments contributed an average of more than three times their private counterparts in 2009, according to U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics.
Public sector employers on average also paid more than twice as much in health benefit costs that year.
"That number is high, partly because a lot of private employers don't offer matching health coverage," said economist Wayne Shelly of the Labor Bureau.
Meanwhile in New Jersey, Gov. Chris Christie introduced a $29.4 billion budget Tuesday, asking workers to shoulder more of the cost of their co-payments and premiums in an effort to save the state an estimated $323 million. By 2014, the governor would require workers to pay for 30% of their medical benefits, up from 8% today.
Christie also urged state lawmakers to overhaul the state's strapped pension system, which has a $54 billion deficit.
Budget bills were also working their way through legislatures in Tennessee and Idaho that would end or limit teachers' ability to negotiate contacts collectively, raising questions as to whether lawmakers there might expect confrontations similar to those in the Midwest.
Poor understanding of the physical world is related to religious and paranormal beliefs, according to a recent study published this June in Applied Cognitive Psychology.
Many people like to believe in supernatural phenomena, for example, breaking a mirror brings you 7 years of bad luck. In the past, studies have shown that people see natural phenomena as having intentions, and give human characteristics to God and other supernatural agents. Moreover, paranormal and religious believers have been shown to take such statements as ‘Earth wants water' or ‘Force knows its direction' as more literally true than skeptics, who interpret the statements more metaphorically.
Another possible factor, highlighted in the Empathizing–Systemizing theory, proposes that people who are poor at physical cognition are called low systemizers because they have poor abilities and low interests in such things as map-reading, mathematics, intuitive physics, or technical and motor systems.
Although supernatural (paranormal or religious) beliefs often paint a peculiar picture about the physical world, the possibility that the beliefs might be based on inadequate understanding of the non-social world has not received research attention.
The study, by Marjaana Lindeman and Annika Svedholm-Häkkinen of the University of Helsinki, involved 258 participants who took part in an online study examining how physical-world skills and knowledge predict religious and paranormal beliefs. Data about religious and paranormal beliefs, physical world skills and interests (systemizing), mechanical abilities, intuitive physics skills and knowledge about physical and biological phenomena were collected.
The results showed that religious and paranormal (supernatural) beliefs correlated with all variables that were included: low systemizing, poor intuitive physics skills, poor mechanical ability, poor mental rotation, low school grades in mathematics and physics, poor common knowledge about physical and biological phenomena, intuitive and analytical thinking styles, and in particular, with assigning mentality to non-mental phenomena. Regression analyses indicated that the strongest predictors of the beliefs were overall physical capability (a factor representing most physical skills, interests, and knowledge) and intuitive thinking style.
The researchers concluded, “Nonscientific ways of thinking are resistant to formal instruction…” adding that this can “affect individuals' ability to act as informed citizens to make reasoned judgments in a world that is increasingly governed by technology and scientific knowledge.”
The findings open up the possibility for future research to help develop understanding of the relationship between intuitive thinking and supernatural beliefs in greater depth.
Ratan Tata, who returned this week to the helm of India's largest conglomerate, is seeking a partner that could buy out the Tata Sons Ltd. stake held by the family of ousted Chairman Cyrus Mistry, people with knowledge of the matter said.
The Tata family trusts have reached out to sovereign wealth funds and other long-term investors to gauge their interest in purchasing the Mistry family's stake if it became available, according to the people. The trusts held preliminary talks with potential buyers of the about 18 percent Tata Sons stake as they prepare for a number of possible scenarios, the people said. Mistry's family doesn't currently plan to sell its holdings, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
The family trusts want to ensure that if Mistry's family later decides to sell its stake in the Tata Group holding company, the new investor will be a friendly party that shares their long-term vision, according to the people. Tata Sons owns more than $65 billion worth of listed company shares, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
"If the sale happens, a lot of the current uncertainty around Tata group companies will go away," Paras Bothra, vice president of equity research in Mumbai at Ashika Stock Broking Ltd., said by phone. "It's not going to happen so easily as Mistry may not give in without a fight."
On Monday, Tata Group's holding company abruptly ousted Mistry as chairperson and replaced them with their 78-year-old predecessor Ratan Tata, a scion of the founding family. The rift, which had been brewing for months, signals an end to Mistry's push to bring more fiscal prudence to the coffee-to-cars conglomerate after a string of global acquisitions.
The Tata trusts, which currently own about 66 percent of Tata Sons, have also been drafting plans for how to raise funds if they were to make an offer for the Mistry family stake themselves, one of the people said. The plans could involve the Tata trusts paring holdings in various operating companies to be able to afford the purchase, according to the person.
Mistry is still considering their next steps and plans to make a decision on their response to the ouster in the next couple of weeks, another person said.
A spokesperson for Tata Sons declined to comment and a representative for the Mistry family's holding company, Shapoorji Pallonji Group, declined to comment.
Tata Sons owns major stakes in Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., Asia's largest provider of software services, and Tata Motors Ltd., the producer of Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles. It also controls Indian Hotels Co., the luxury hospitality company that operates New York's Pierre hotel, as well as steelmaking operations, the Tetley tea brand and a power producer.
The holding company is examining at least two internal candidates to succeed Mistry, people familiar with the matter said. Tata Consultancy Services Chief Executive Officer N. Chandrasekaran and Jaguar Land Rover head Ralf Speth are among those being considered, the people said, asking not to be identified because the process is private. Trent Ltd. Chairman Noel Tata, a member of the founding family and Mistry's brother-in-law, is also being considered.
Tata Group on Thursday said it ousted Mistry because of a growing "trust deficit" with its biggest shareholders after the former head accused directors of the conglomerate of wrongfully dismissing them in an e-mail Tuesday, a copy of which was obtained by Bloomberg. Mistry said they faced constant interference by their predecessor, Ratan Tata, to the point that they were pushed into becoming a "lame duck" chairperson, according to the e-mail.
Defending their record, Mistry said they inherited a debt-laden enterprise saddled with losses and singled out Indian Hotels Co., Tata Motors Ltd.'s passenger-vehicle operations, Tata Steel Ltd.'s European business, as well as part of the group's power unit and its telecommunications subsidiary as "legacy hotspots," according to the e-mail. Despite plowing 1.96 trillion rupees -- more than the net worth of the group -- into those units, they still face challenges and realistically assessing their fair value could result in writing down about 1.18 trillion rupees over time, they wrote.
Rep. Keith Ellison. | AP Photo/David Zalubowski Congressman Keith Ellison, frontrunner for DNC chair, to endorse Bittel for Florida Democratic Party chair post 'I'm proud to have the support from Keith Ellison, who is a leader of the progressive movement,' Bittel tells POLITICO Florida
MIAMI — U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison, a leading candidate to head the national Democratic Party, plans to endorse major Miami donor Stephen Bittel for Florida Democratic Party Chair in a move that helps settle warring factions of the state and national parties.
“I'm proud to have the support from Keith Ellison, who is a leader of the progressive movement,” Bittel told POLITICO Florida, which first reported Thursday that the two were in talks. “I'm excited to engage the grassroots of our party who have been such an important part of the Democratic Party.”
Story Continued Below
The endorsement from Ellison surprised Democratic insiders because the Minnesota member of congress is aligned with supporters of former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, while Bittel was a member in good standing of Hillary Clinton's team.
Sanders endorsed Ellison for DNC chair just a day after the group Our Revolution — a political organization launched by Sanders' supporters — endorsed Bittel's rival in the state Democratic Party chair race, Miami state Sen. Dwight Bullard.
Neither Bittel nor Bullard currently qualify to even run for Florida state party chair yet because neither is an officer in their local county party. But a spot opened up last Saturday when newly elected Miami-Dade state committeeman Bret Berlin stepped aside to create a vacancy. Both Bittel and Bullard announced they'd run for that seat. The election is Dec. 20.
For Bittel, Ellison's support would signal a grassroots coup that helps them combat the criticism that he's buying support for the seat because he's a major party donor. For Ellison, backing Bittel — a staunch defender of Israel — could help quiet Jewish critics who believe the Muslim member of congress is out of step with a major faction of the Democratic Party.
Like Ellison, Bullard has run afoul of Jewish Democrats who believe he's too sympathetic to critics of Israel. But Bullard's supporters at Our Revolution say the Florida state senator has a better network of grassroots support that would inspire rank-and-file Democrats in Florida after Republicans dominated in the November elections.
Ellison could not be reached for comment.
"This could … be great for both Steve and Ellison," a source said.
Ellison intends to visit South Miami in the coming weeks and be personally introduced by Bittel to South Florida Democrats and donors
As one of the Florida party's most generous donors, Bittel has helped keep Miami-Dade Democrats afloat and was a top backer of former DNC chair and U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, whom Sanders supporters blamed for favoring Clinton during the presidential primary. Wasserman Schultz denied the charges.
Sanders supporters signaled Wednesday that they don't see Bittel's largesse as a positive attribute.
“An extremely wealthy donor wants to buy their way to lead Florida's Democratic Party, and the only thing between them and control of the party is our political revolution,” Shannon Jackson, Our Revolution's executive director, wrote in a letter to their supporters. The group is based in Washington.
UPDATED at 4:20 p.m. noting Bittel confirming that Ellison is endorsing them as Florida Democratic Party chair.
MANKATO — With rookie Dalvin Cook looking good, Latavius Murray is behind in the race to be the Vikings' starting running back.
Following March 22 surgery on their right ankle, Murray sat out spring drills and has been on the physically unable to perform list since they were eligible July 24 to participate in their first practice at training camp.
“It's very frustrating to not be a part of what the guys got going on,” Murray said Monday. “I know I'm behind the 8-ball. That's the most frustrating part.”
The Vikings signed Murray to a three-year, $15 million contract six days before their surgery. Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said he's only seen Murray play on tape in previous seasons with Oakland, and he's appearing to get antsy with the running back still sidelined.
Related Articles Charley Walters: Twins' latest signing shows they're serious about winning AL Central
Vikings awarded three compensatory picks in 2019 NFL Draft
Vikings' kicking woes are a top priority for new special-teams coordinator
Football lifer Gary Kubiak thrilled to be ‘back in the foxhole' with Vikings
Vikings add two coaches to staff, promote another Murray and Zimmer both say there's no timetable for their return. Murray is attending meetings at camp at Minnesota State Mankato.
“He is a smart guy, but they need to get out there” on the practice field, Zimmer said.
Murray said they don't know if they will be cleared for any part of camp or whether he'll play in preseason games. The only assurance they gave is they will be off the PUP list by the Sept. 11 opener against New Orleans.
“Hopefully, before obviously the (regular) season,” Murray said of their return. “We've just been taking it a day at a time. There's good and bad days, and anybody going through rehab knows that hopefully I'll just have a good amount of good days until they feel comfortable to put me out there.
“If I'm not healthy, there's no point in me being out there. If I'm not good out there, I can't help the team regardless.”
Meanwhile, Cook has been looking good in practice. The former Florida State star is running the majority of plays with the first team, even with veteran Jerick McKinnon back on the field after a leg injury. McKinnon, who worked with the first team in the spring and during their first practice in camp last Thursday, got hurt in that workout and missed the next two days.
Still, the rookie won't say he's the leading candidate to replace the departed Adrian Peterson.
“No,” Cook said. “They're my teammates. I want them all to be out there (competing). I learn a lot from these guys in the meeting room every day.”
Murray has been giving Cook plenty of pointers.
“He looks really good; I think he's going to be a great player,” Murray said. “It's been pretty cool to watch him. My job is to do anything I can to make them the best player they can be, and at the end of the day the way they perform has nothing to do with or affect the way I should go out and work.”
Despite their three-year contract, Murray admits they are feeling some urgency this season. They have no guaranteed money in the final two seasons of their deal, so it feels like a contract year for him.
“It does in a sense,” Murray said. “When I was out in Oakland (last year), it felt the same way, and here it obviously feels that way now more than ever, especially with the injury and rehabbing. But it comes down to me getting healthy first.”
At this point, a judge doesn't see enough similarity in work from Gary L. Goldman, the writer of 'Total Recall.'
A California federal judge has rejected a copyright complaint targeting Zootopia, Disney's Oscar-winning animated film that grossed more than $1 billion two years ago. On Tuesday, U.S. District Court Judge Michael Fitzgerald ruled that the plaintiff hadn't show them enough to state a plausible claim for infringement.
Esplanade Productions filed the lawsuit in March. The plaintiff alleged that Zootopia was derived from work pitched by Gary L. Goldman, whose credits include writing Total Recall and Next and producing Minority Report. In their complaint, Goldman described working with Disney on another film and pitching their own project (titled Looney) to the studio at least twice.
The problem, as Fitzgerald sees it, is that Esplanade failed to include Goldman's materials for review. After Disney complained about this in its dismissal bid, Esplanade attempted to detail similarities, but it was insufficient for the judge.
"The parties now dispute whether Goldman's materials are sufficiently similar to the Disney film to support an action for copyright infringement," writes Fitzgerald. "But despite both parties' urging, the Court cannot engage in a copying analysis on the merits because Esplanade failed either to attach the allegedly infringed materials to the Complaint, or to describe them in sufficient detail to permit the requested analysis."
Despite coming to this conclusion, the judge runs through an analysis anyway.
For example, there's the plot of both works.
"Perhaps the most specific and detailed allegation is that the two protagonists present an odd pair — one a predator, the other prey, one optimistic, the other a cynical pessimist," states the order to dismiss. "But this is a cliché of the buddy cop genre. See, e.g., Men in Black (Columbia Pictures 1997) (streetwise, charming youngster is paired with a stodgy old coot); Rush Hour (New Line Cinema 1998) (straight-laced Hong Kong detective is paired with wisecracking, reckless LAPD detective); The Heat (20th Century Fox 2013) (straight-laced FBI agent is paired with an unconventional Boston cop)."
Then there are the characters:
"The differences between the character designs outnumber the similarities," writes the judge. "Most obviously, almost none of the above pairings actually include the same animals. A hyena is not a fox (and in reality is a much larger animal than a fox) and a grizzly bear is not a water buffalo. Additionally, the Looney characters are unclothed while the Zootopia characters are all elaborately costumed. And the animation style itself is very different between the two sets of characters: whereas the Disney characters are typically cute and appealing, the Looney characters evoke a darker, seedier aesthetic. ... The two character designs bear little resemblance to one another."
As a result, Fitzgerald grants Disney's dismissal motion but does so with leave to amend, meaning that Esplanade will have an opportunity to cure defects.
In the meantime, Disney is winning and is represented by Daniel Petrocelli and Bo Pearl at O'Melveny. Esplanade is handled by Gary Gans and Jeffery McFarland at Quinn Emanuel.
Here's the full order.
Our thanks to Mike for pointing us to this, an article by a journalist at the Telegraph, written by a young woman (what are the chances?). I particularly enjoyed their reference to FTSO100 board directors. The article is so fawning towards, and uncritical of, the WEP, that it could have been written by the gormless ladies at the Fawcett Society.
The six goals of the WEP are stated in the article and repeated below, with our brief commentary:
1. Equal representation in politics and business – regardless of women's relative willingness (compared with men) to enter those fields, their work ethic, experience and expertise? Of course. Special treatment rather than equality, then.
2. Equal representation in education – the education system has favoured girls since 1987/8, and the majority of teachers and university students have been women for years. What form of equal representation are these fruitcakes seeking?
3. Equal pay – can these women really be so stupid as to not understand what drives the f/t gender pay gap, which only exists for workers over 40, and has nothing to do with employers paying men more than women for the same work? Yes, they can!
4. Equal treatment of women in the media – what does this mean?
5. Equal parenting rights – so WEP will be campaigning for women's parenting rights to be reduced in line with men's? Excellent. About damned time we had some gender equality in this area.
6. An end to violence against women – no need for an end to violence by women, against men and women, then? The highest levels of intimate partner violence are found in lesbian couples, and in most cases where interpersonal violence in a heterosexual relationship is one-directional, the perpetrators are women.
All six goals are either ridiculous or baffling. We can be sure it won't be long before Ms Walker wins one of our awards, probably all three in time:
– Lying Feminist of the Month
– Whiny Feminist of the Month
– Gormless Feminist of the Month
How can we be so sure of this? Sandy Toksvig, WEP spokesperson, won two Lying Feminist of the Month awards in the space of just three months – here and here.
The idea of a Women's Equality Party is so absurd, its mere existence will direct support to J4MB. Thanks, ladies.
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
Fort Worth Star-Telegram
Final testing on Lockheed Martin's F-35 stealth fighter jet has slipped to 2018, about six months later than planned, as the company resolves long-running software problems, according to top program officials.
DefenseNews and Reuters each reported on the delays, which were confirmed to reporters by Frank Kendall, the Pentagon's acquisition chief, and Air Force Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, who oversees the F-35 program for the military.
The delay affects the Pentagon's initial operational test and evaluation stage, the final testing before an aircraft heads into full-rate production, DefenseNews reported.
Development and production have been ongoing concurrently on the F-35, which has experienced a series of technical delays during its long development history.
In west Fort Worth, where the aircraft is being built, Lockheed is beginning to ramp up production, completing a $1.2 billion reworking and expansion of its mile-long assembly plant. The company has said it expects to produce 53 F-35s this year, up from 45 last year, then about 60 in 2017 and as many as 100 in 2018.
There is plenty of fear, uncertainty and doubt out there over the upcoming federal ban on incandescent light bulbs.
The very thought of losing that pear-shaped giver of warm, yellow light drove Europeans to hoard Edison's invention as the European Union's Sept. 1 deadline on incandescent lamps approached.
China's ban on incandescent lamps that use 100 watts or more of power starts Oct. 1. The ban expands to cover any light bulbs that use more than 60 watts in 2014 and to 15 watts in 2016.
In the U.S., the situation is different. The Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) of 2007 is not technically a ban. It's an energy efficiency standard that requires all screw-in light bulbs (also known as lamps) to use 30% less power, beginning with 100-watt bulbs this year. The end standard requires bulbs to use 65% less energy by 2020.
If a manufacturer could produce an Edison incandescent bulb that used 30% less power today, the maker could sell it. Since manufacturers can't make such a bulb, the EISA essentially becomes a ban on inefficient lamps.
When suppliers run out of stock, consumers and businesses will have to replace traditional bulbs with more energy-efficient alternatives. They will have three choices: halogen incandescent bulbs, compact fluorescent lamps (CFLs) or light-emitting diodes (LEDs).
In the U.S., EISA standard requirement for 100-watt bulbs began last January. The ban on 75-watt bulbs goes into effect Jan. 1, 2013.
The deadline for the most popular bulbs, the 60-watt and 40-watt lamps, is Jan. 1, 2014, and will have the greatest impact on consumers, according to Philip Smallwood, senior lighting analyst at IMS Research.
When the ban on 60-watt and 40-watt lamps begins in 2014, sales of incandescent bulbs are expected to drop off a cliff. For example, in 2011, about 1.1 billion bulbs were sold in North America (Canada also has an Edison bulb phaseout plan, but it has been put on hold). In 2014, North American sales are expected to drop to 200 million, according to IMS Research.
Return on investment for an LED vs. an incandescent lamp and a CFL lamp. (Data: IMS Research)
Burgess also fought against EISA in 2007, when it was originally passed.
In 2014, what's going to account for 200 million bulbs moving across checkout counters? There will be Canadian sales, and then there will be 22 types of traditional incandescent lamps that are exempt from the EISA, including appliance bulbs, heavy-duty bulbs, colored lights and three-way lamps.
The opposition
The EISA was signed into law by President George W. Bush. However, conservatives, ranging from radio commentator Rush Limbaugh to U.S. Rep. Michelle Bachmann have criticized the EISA on the basis that it's government intrusion into U.S. homes and a restriction on free choice.
The first phase of EISA was to have begun on January 1, 2012, but Republican legislators made amendments in an appropriation bill that prohibited the DOE from spending money to enforce the rules in the 2012 and 2013 fiscal year. The sponsor of the legislation was Rep. Michael Burgess (R-Texas).
"It's something the marketplace should determine. Let consumers make the choice. There was no reason for the government to make that choice for them," Burgess said in an interview with Computerworld.
"It should be up to me if I want to make the decision if I want to run a light bulb that uses more kilowatt hours, so I can see better with my old, failing eyes, in my favorite chair. I should be able to do that," they said. "I get the fact that I work in a federal building and I get the fact that they get to determine the type of light I work under all day long, but at night time, when I go home and read ..., I should be able to read under whatever light I want."
The DOE would not speak on the record about how that lack of funding would affect adherence to the standards.
Even without funding for enforcement, manufacturers are honoring the standards and discontinuing their production of incandescent light bulbs, according to Smallwood.
Some consumers also echo Burgess' concerns, namely that they'll have to replace the warm luminescence of a traditional incandescent bulb with the harsh, white light of LED lamps. But not all LED lamps emit the cold, bright light.
"LEDs don't necessarily have white light, that is more of a concern with CFLs. There are several LED products that do produce warm light," Smallwood said.
Another issue with CFL lamps is that they contain mercury, "which some people are concerned about," they added.
CFL lamps last from 5,000 to 8,000 hours, well beyond the typical 1,000-hour lifespan of an incandescent bulb. One drawback of CFL lamps is that they die more quickly in environments where they're frequently turned on and off .
"You have to leave them on at least 15 minutes in order not to kill the light," Smallwood said.
By comparison, LEDs last well beyond all other lamps today, but the pricing is exorbitant. The LED equivalent to a 60-watt incandescent bulb costs $25 or about 20 times more, according to Smallwood. But the total cost of ownership is vastly less.
For example, an LED lamp has an average lifespan of 25,000 hours, so an LED could last 25 years or more.
By comparison, new energy-efficient halogen lamps produce the same type of yellow light as an incandescent lamp, and they look the same, but cost from $1.50 to $2 more per lamp. They also only last about 50% longer than current bulbs or about 1,500 hours versus an average 1,000 hours for incandescent bulbs.
Lamp lifespan also creates a significant issue for manufacturers and retailers. While energy efficient lamps will have skyrocketing sales over the next few years, their ability to last 25 times longer will mean sales will drop off precipitously, Smallwood said.
"If you buy an LED lamp and it's going to last you 20 years, that replacement market disappears," Smallwood said.
One learning curve for consumers will be a change to the metric system after using the U.S. system of unit measurements. For LEDs, brightness is measured in lumens, not watts.
Lumens are listed on an LED lamp's packaging. More lumens mean brighter light. To replace a 60-watt traditional bulb, consumers should look for bulbs that provide about 800 lumens, according to the DOE.
To replace a 100-watt incandescent bulb, look for a bulb that emits 1600 lumens; for a 75 watt bulb, the equivalent would be an 1100 lumens LED; and for a 40-watt replacement, look for an LED equivalent that has 450 lumens.
The upside
One advantage to lumens is that consumers can get a wider range of brightness. Instead of having to choose between a 100-watt or 75-watt lamp, bulbs using lumens run the gamut, offering a much finer brightness gradient.
Energy savings from efficient lamps are also an advantage. An LED lamp is five times more energy efficient than an incandescent lamp.
According to the DOE, the operating cost savings a consumer can achieve by switching to an energy efficient bulb is dramatic. For example, the operating cost per year for a 60-watt incandescent bulb is $4.80, a halogen incandescent bulb costs $3.50, a CFL bulb is $1.20 and an LED light is just $1.
Beginning this year, on average, light bulbs sold in the U.S. will use 25% to 80% less energy as manufacturers begin flooding the market with new, compliant products.
According to the DOE, upgrading 15 inefficient incandescent bulbs could save a homeowner about $50 per year. Since most of the bulbs also have longer life spans, the savings continue into the future. Nationwide, lighting accounts for about 10% of home electricity use. With new EISA standards, U.S. households in total could save nearly $6 billion in 2015.
Lucas Mearian covers storage, disaster recovery and business continuity, financial services infrastructure and health care IT for Computerworld. Follow Lucas on Twitter at @lucasmearian or subscribe to Lucas's RSS feed. Their e-mail address is [email protected].
See more by Lucas Mearian on Computerworld.com.
Read more about sustainable it in Computerworld's Sustainable IT Topic Center.
Just over 4,000 people have successfully scaled Mount Everest, which at over 29,000 feet is the world's highest mountain. Now anyone can summit the challenging peak without making the expensive trek to Nepal, thanks to developer Solfar's Everest VR. And Epic Games' Unreal Engine 4 is bringing every nook and cranny of the famous mountain to life in virtual reality.
The virtual reality experience takes a real-life experience that spans eight weeks and easily can cost over $100,000, and focuses on the key moments of the climb. The experience, which lasts a little less than an hour, begins with preparations at base camp before traversing the Khumbu Icefalls, scaling Lhotse Face, ascending the Hillary Step, and finally conquering the summit.
“While it´s certainly true that you could record locations like Everest with a 360 camera, the resulting experience is a static, passive video experience that just doesn´t do justice to the inherent promise of VR,” Thor Gunnarsson, co-founder and business development director at Solfar, said. “By using a cutting-edge game engine like UE4 to recreate a synthetic 3D scene that you can actually interact with and move through, the experience comes to life. You feel truly present in the simulation. That´s what we want to bring with Everest VR.”
Gunnarsson said Everest VR pushes the envelope of real-time graphics. Using advanced stereophotogrammetry techniques, the Icelandic studio has created the definitive CGI model of Everest for high-end VR platforms.
“Unreal Engine was instrumental in the creation of Everest VR in so many ways,” Gunnarsson said. “From its advanced rendering engine that allows us to deliver a near photo-real scene at 90 frames per second to its Blueprint visual scripting language that allowed our designers to prototype and iterate on the VR user experience without relying on a team of programmers, Unreal fundamentally accelerated our speed of development. And with a much smaller team than we would otherwise have needed if we had used other engines, or attempted to create our own.”
Running on Nvidia‘s GeForce GTX Titan X GPU at trade shows such as Game Developers Conference and E3, the experience churns through over 300,000 high resolution images of the mountain range. Solfar created a highly detailed 3D point cloud of the whole Everest area and then generated a 3D mesh and textures made to measure for the demands of a real-time VR application.
Unlike other virtual reality experiences like Crytek's The Climb, Gunnarsson said their team focused on hand controllers like Oculus Touch, PlayStation Move, and the HTC Vive controllers to design the experience around.
“Gripping ascenders to hold onto the safety ropes as you walk across a ladder on the Khumbu Icefall, clipping onto a safety rope as you traverse a narrow ledge to reach the Hilary Step and climb it, or adjusting your oxygen flow to avoid hypoxia in the Death Zone are all key aspects of the experience, and require your hands to make it feel real,” Gunnarsson said. “We have UI solutions for a conventional game controller, which we may include for future releases, but for now we´re really focused on a VR experience that takes full advantage of hand controllers and on Vive, of room-scale tracking.”
Everest VR was designed with realism as a key pillar. Before embarking on development, Solfar spent time with RVX, the Reykjavik-based visual effects and animation studio responsible for the visual effects in Baltasar Kormákur´s Everest, which Universal Pictures released last September. RVX had real experience from the mountain, shooting high resolution photos that Solfar felt could be used to create a 3D scene in VR using stereo photogrammetry, a technique that uses actual photos to calculate the underlying geometry and applies those photographs to the resulting model as texture maps.
“That´s how we were able to achieve the photorealistic visual fidelity seen in the project,” Gunnarsson said. “The rest was a matter of doing as much research of the actual experience as we could, speaking with both climbers here in Iceland and people who have actually summited Everest. Dean Hall (designer of Arma 2 and DayZ) was a great help last spring when they visited Iceland, and was kind enough to share from their experiences of summiting Everest. He´s definitely the only game designer I know who has.”
But Solfar has an experienced ice climber and mountaineer in-house to collaborate with. The game's lead animator, Óðinn Árnason, was instrumental in developing the more technical aspects of the gear used in mountaineering.
“The rest we picked up from conversations with climbers and sharing some or our design ideas for their feedback,” Gunnarsson said. “We´ll continue to solicit that kind of expert feedback as Everest VR becomes available on the HTC Vive, which will hopefully continue to guide the quality of future updates on Vive and delivery to other VR platforms later this year.”
The Everest VR demo that Solfar has been showcasing at trade shows is truly impressive. Anyone with a fear of heights will find their knees wobbling as they look around the photorealistic terrain from an altitude that passenger planes normally navigate. It's one thing to watch a movie or documentary about Everest, it's quite another to feel like you're actually there.
“Virtual reality is uniquely able to immerse people in natural environments that they would otherwise never dream of experiencing in reality,” Gunnarsson said. “Everest is one of those destinations. By recreating key moments of the climbing experience in a first person immersive and interactive setting with near photo-real visual fidelity, we felt we could deliver a meaningful glimpse of this dream.”
Gunnarsson said their team has invested a lot of time in finding the right balance between creating an accurate simulation that was also accessibility. They hope Everest VR will be one of the experiences virtual reality owners use to showcase this new technology to friends and family.
“Maintaining verisimilitude is important, but at the same time we're not setting out to create a hiking simulator or highly technical mountaineering game,” Gunnarsson said. “The trick is to find that balance. We give players a series of key experiences that really evoke those key moments of an expedition, and do this in a fashion that is faithful to the emotional experience climbers have of the mountain. Hopefully, we've done a reasonable job of striking that balance and delivering an experience that is awe-inspiring, but also fun. Unless you suffer badly from vertigo that is; there's no guarantee of fun in that case.”
Gunnarsson said while the first-person perspective sequences deliver that critical sense of presence, their team is also creating a unique diorama mode that allows players to stand high above the mountain in VR and zoom into multiple levels of detail across the mountain range.
“By exploring different climbing routes used to reach the summit, we aim to convey an understanding of some of the historical expeditions and dramatic stories that Everest has witnessed over the decades,” Gunnarsson said.
by BRIAN NADIG
Taft High School is hoping to move up on the performance scale set by the Chicago Public Schools.
"What I see for Taft is that I want it to be a Level 1 school, and I think that we have everything in place. We have a fantastic faculty," principal Mary Kay Cappitelli said at the Sept. 3 meeting of the Taft High School Local School Council. "I think we have as much to offer as any selective enrollment school."
The school system evaluates each high school on several factors, including average ACT score, dropout rate, first-year student on-track rate, percentage of students meeting state standards and attendance rate.
Schools are a rating of Level 1 (excellent), Level 2 (good) or Level 3 (probation). Taft is a Level 2 school.
Cappitelli said that last school year's average ACT composite score at Taft was 19, its highest in about 6 years, and that they have set a goal of 20 for next year. Last spring the average ACT score in Illinois was 20.6 out of a maximum score of 36, compared to an average of 20.9 in 2012.
Taft's average attendance rate in 2012-13 was 90.2 percent, its first-year student on-track rate was 82.9 percent, and its graduation rate was 77.8 percent. "Those three are record highs for Taft," Cappitelli said.
Taft also recorded its highest score on the reading portion of the Prairie State Achievement Examination, on which 53.4 percent of Taft's juniors met state standards, Cappitelli said. The scores were 42.9 percent in mathematics and 36.9 percent in science.
Cappitelli told the LSC that they would like to see the average scores on the Prairie State exam increase by about 2 percentage points next spring. The school, which is implementing an International Baccalaureate Program curriculum in all subjects, also is seeking to achieve an 80 percent graduation rate.
Also at the meeting, concerns were expressed about the crowded conditions at Taft, where the enrollment of 3,230 students is at its highest in about 40 years. Cappitelli said that they submitted a request to the school system for a possible change in Taft's attendance area boundaries in order to slow the pace of the school's enrollment gains.
The school also is considering creating a second student entrance on Hurlbut Street in order to reduce the lines of students waiting to go through the main entrance on Bryn Mawr Avenue, Cappitelli said. The main student entrance was on Hurlbut until about 15 years ago.
Cappitelli said that the school also continues to have problems with nonresident students using a false address in order to gain enrollment at Taft. Some cases have been referred to the Law Department, but investigations involving the validity of a student's home address can be lengthy, they said.
"I think there are several things we need to look at under a microscope real soon," LSC chairperson Lisa Schwieger said. Schwieger said that members of the council should attend hearings on space utilization issues which the school system is facing.
Taft's enrollment exceeds what the school system considers ideal for the size of the building by about 1,000 students, according to the school's space utilization report.
The LSC also approved a benefit tribute concert to the late Terry Kath which will be held Friday, Nov. 15, at the school. The concert, which will be performed by members of the Chicago Transit Anthology band, is expected to raise about $4,300 for Taft's Music Department.
Kath, who graduated from Taft in 1964, was the lead guitarist of the rock band Chicago. They died in 1978 of an accidental gunshot wound to the head.
The LSC appointed two new parent members to the council after it received more than a half-dozen applications for the vacancies. Melanie Moorehouse, who also serves on the Farnsworth School Local School Council, and Joe McFeely, who is an assistant basketball coach at Taft, were seated at the Sept. 3 meeting.
Also new to the council are high school student member Cristian Contreras and Seventh and Eighth Grade Academic Center representative Kristen Rigsby.
The council plans to meet at 6 p.m. the first Tuesday of the month expect in January and June.
This week on Hear Cincinnati, host Maxim Alter, digital editor Meghan Wesley, digital reporter Lucy May and 9 On Your Side anchor Kathrine Nero talk Fiona the hippo, Cincinnati businesses that let you drink at work, whether or not the University of Cincinnati is violating Title IX by playing women's games in a high school gym, Lakota East quadruplets who were all accepted into Ivy League schools and more.
Maxim then talks to reporter Rose-Ann Aragon about the latest in the Cameo Night Club shooting -- new charges, how authorities now say the shooting started, what happens next and why the father of a shooting suspect believes their son is innocent. Later on the podcast, investigative reporter Hillary Lake talks about their ride-along with Oxford police to see how underage drinking at Miami University -- and the what the university is now doing to solve what has become a major, and expensive, issue.
Listen to this episode in the player above.
1:30 - The panel starts off with some lighter news: Fiona the hippo update, where it's OK to drink at work, Lakota East's "Fantastic Four" and more.
18:15 - Maxim gets the latest from reporter Rose-Ann Aragon on the Cameo Night Club shooting
31:45 - Investigative reporter Hillary Lake breaks down Miami University's drinking problem.
WCPO Insiders can read more about these stories at wcpo.com/hear
Subscribe to the HEAR Cincinnati podcast:
By Paul A. Philips
Scientists have discovered an enzyme in the brain involved in memory formation, particularly with long-term memories. Are there any bad memories you want to get rid of? The scientists believe that those with PTSD (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder) or other memory-related afflictions can be treated by targeting an enzyme to delete bad memories.
At face value this may sound fine and well, but those frequenting the alternative media may be experiencing a red light warning right now: Could this form of memory hijacking be used for a number of dark ulterior motives? (More on this later.)
After a learnt experience, the enzyme, named ACSS2 (acetyl-CoA synthetase 2), plays a part in maintaining or forming old/new memories through its involvement with switching on memory genes located at the brain cell's nucleus. Consequently, the switched on memory genes controls the restructuring of the synapse, a place where one brain cell meets another. Proteins are then made at the restructured synapse for forming memories….
Scientists found by experiment that reduced levels of the ACSS2 enzyme in mice lowered memory gene expression. As a result, these mice manipulated with the low levels of this enzyme could not form long-term memories: In an experiment, mice with lower enzyme levels displayed disinterest in a ball, unlike the previous day when they had normal levels and showed interest. The control mice always with normal levels showed interest in the ball throughout the experiment.
In light of this research, scientists are looking at preventing memory formation with humans by the blocking ACSS2 enzyme levels in the brain. This will prevent the preservation and formation of bad memories in people suffering with PTSD, depression and anxiety.
Mind control
As mentioned earlier, it may sound fine and well, but could also have dark and sinister implications:
Could this become one of the many mind control technologies used covertly by sinister governmental agencies such the CIA? (Maybe it's already being used to erase memories of black ops atrocities…)
It could be used as a weapon on our consciousness and free will. For example, let's say you're an investigative journalist having anti-New World Order objections. In an investigation, you could uncover major damming evidence indicating vaccine damage cover-up… However, you could have your memories on this deleted, leaving you unable to report your findings, which indeed, allows the perpetrators you would have exposed to get away with it.
Sure, there are countless possibilities where, for convenience, your memories relating to anti-NWO objection could be deleted.
Flaws
Some might say that the enzyme treatment is superfluous because there are a number of successful therapies used for PTSD, depression and anxiety. This includes cognitive behaviour related psychotherapy and healing touch treatment using guided imagery…
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! Bad memory deletion could be a mistake. Remember the old adage: If you don't learn from history (in this case don't remember) then you could be destined to repeat the same mistakes. For example, you could invite a deadly enemy in for tea, having had your bad memories related to this individual deleted! The enzyme treatment is based on the assumption that all memories are in the brain. According to Rupert Sheldrake, as part of science's unwillingness to address consciousness, this is a major false assumption. Finally Maybe if many of those soldiers suffering from PTSD had found out that the wars were fake and had been secretly manufactured by the ruling elite for power, profit and political gain, then they would not have bad memories . . . because they would have refused to fight in those wars. You can read more from Paul A. Philips at their site NewParadigm.ws Also Read: Mind Control Scientists Find New Memory Manipulation Technology
The body of a 28-year-old paraplegic woman found dead in their mother's San Diego-area apartment was wrapped in at least nine trash bags in a suitcase and weighed only 40 pounds, laying in a fetal position, according to an autopsy report obtained Wednesday by NBC7.
The remains of Brooke MacBeth, 28, were found on March 3 in Lakeside. San Diego County Sheriff's deputies arrived at Bonnie MacBeth's apartment to serve an eviction notice, according to a report from the Medical Examiner's office obtained by NBC 7.
Editor's Note: The details that follow from the newly obtained report may be disturbing to some readers.
When deputies knocked on the door of the apartment on the 11600 block of Woodside Avenue, according to the report, Brooke's mother Bonnie answered and told deputies they had something to show them. When they entered, they immediately noticed a foul odor.
Body Found in Suitcase Identified
NBC 7's Steven Luke reports on why the woman's body found stuffed inside a suitcase in a Lakeside apartment is not considered the victim of homicide. (Published Tuesday, March 10, 2015)
“My daughter is dead in the bedroom,” they told deputies.
When deputies walked into the bedroom but could not find the daughter, they asked where they are.
“In a suitcase,” they told them, according to the report. Them mother reportedly told officials they had found their daughter dead in the bedroom.
Under a pile of clothes and blankets, deputies found a black duffle bag with black duct tape around it. A deputy used their duty knife to cut into the duffle bag and found a second bag under it, which they also cut open. Under that second duffle bag sat a pink and brown suitcase with silver duct tape around the zipper.
In that suitcase, they found a black trash bag. Under seven or eight layers of the trash bag, they found a purple towel or blanket. It was then officials contacted the medical examiner. In the blanket, the medical examiner found evidence of bones, including ribs.
Brooke's mother was taken to the hospital and placed on psychiatric hold, the report said. They reportedly told officials they tried to hang themselves the evening before they arrived and had tried to commit suicide previously. They also told deputies they had been on a “vodka binge” for three days, the report said, because they knew someone would be coming to evict them
Them mother told them their daughter had died six months ago, 18 months ago and two years ago when questioned and told them they “felt guilty” since they passed. They were reportedly seen alive by their sister one year ago, who said they had been losing weight. Medical examiners said they later weighed their body and found it weighed 40 pounds.
The autopsy report obtained by NBC 7 reported no evidence of trauma or obvious natural disease.
Brooke may have died of natural causes, the autopsy report said, but found the cause and manner of their death undetermined. The medical examiner could also not arrive at an exact date of death, but determined based off the Sheriff's investigation that Brooke was likely dead for several months before they were found.
When officials called their younger sister, they learned they had last seen them before Christmas in 2014, when they appeared to have lost some weight, according to the report, and their sister believed it was from having difficulty eating. Them sister said they had been diagnosed with temporomandibular joint dysfunction.
Macbeth, whose intellectual and physical disabilities prevented them from forming words, engaged the world through a variety of expressions, their former teachers said back in March.
Today is the day. It's time to make the most out of your life: and that means, it's time to learn how to get motivated.
There are no second chances.
So if you've been feeling lazy, down, procrastinating – whatever. Enough – it's time to break out of your motivational funk.
How To Get Motivated Today: 7 Tips
#7 Find Your Mantra
A mantra doesn't have to be long – it just needs to get you excited.
When you're tired, lazy, slacking – it's those few words that remind you what matters to you and get you to take action.
Like this –
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.”
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
I am the master of my own destiny
“I can accept failure but I can't accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan
My mantra when I find myself spinning my wheels? Value your time.
Everyone has their own life to live, and I can't tell your what your mantra is – but I bet you probably already have something in mind.
#6 – Remember Your Peak Moments
I used to call this being in the zone, but I much prefer the terminology from Find Your Great Work: peak moments.
These are moments of triumph and they remind me who I am, what I am about – and why I am chasing my unique goals.
“A peak moment is a time when you felt you were at the top of your game […] Your Peak Moment connects you with that time when you felt most fulfilled, most stretched, most present[…] a moment of insight where you say: yes this is something to remember, this is a moment of me at my most essential, me at my most authentic and best.”
If you're not at your best right now – try to remind yourself of the times you were, and use that to fuel you.
#5 Get Active.
There is SO MUCH research out there about the benefits of exercise – including boosting your mood.
When you don't exercise, not only will your fitness suffer: but your other goals suffer as well.
For me personally, my work sessions after running, high-energy workout music and a refreshing shower are some of the best work I'll do all day.
You don't need to understand all the science: what you need to know is if you're in a funk, and really hitting a wall with your work – you may be better off stepping away for a moment.
Take a break and running, walk or stretch for half an hour – you'll come back refreshed and ready to work. It's one of the easiest ways I've learned for how to get motivated – and help my health at the same time.
#4 – Motivate Yourself Daily.
Motivation builds upon itself.
What do you think is easier:
Motivating yourself after an unproductive day, week or month Motivating yourself after a string of successes, each better than the last?
Of course it's easier to be motivated when things are already going your way.
So why not start each day with some momentum?
Set your homepage to this motivational start page.
You'll be reminded daily about how to to get motivated and keep moving forward towards your goals.
No Motivation = Fail Lack of motivation: #5 of the 7 Reasons People Fail.
#3 Remember This Moment Is Precious
Dont know how to get motivated, even when you know needs to be done?
Remind yourself that if you waste this opportunity, this one chance, you'll never get another.
Your minutes, hours and days come around one time – and it's up to you to live the life you want, right now.
You were not born to fail.
Each moment of your life is important – remind yourself of that, and feel the motivation build inside you
#2 Don't Let The Slump Start
It's the little things that lead to a motivational slump.
It's skipping one workout to hang out with friends, then two.
By the next week, in the back of my mind you are already rationalizing why today is a bad day for the gym – there is so much momentum working against me that it's hard to get started again.
Don't fall into that trap.
When you see yourself falling into the same old routines….
Take action right away, no matter how small the victory, and use that momentum for further tasks.
#1 Get Off The “Failure Treadmill”
No Motivation = Fail Lack of motivation: #5 of the 7 Reasons People Fail.
But you know what's more?
Once people have started to fail, it gets harder to get motivated – often until they hit rock bottom and have nowhere to go but up.
So if you find yourself in a toxic cycle of failure – you've got to break out of it.
You need to start getting some small wins – so you can feel the benefits of taking action in your life.
One of Britain's top free museums has sparked fury by revealing plans to start charging families.
The Science Museum, which has been free to visitors since 2001, is to charge admission to one of its largest and most popular exhibitions.
From October, families will have to pay £22.50 to visit the highly popular Launchpad gallery, which has been renamed and made 60 per cent larger than part of a £6million revamp.
Single adults will pay £8 per adult and a child's ticket will cost £6. An annual pass for a family of four will cost £39, £14 for an adult and £10 for a child
The attraction is a firm favourite among children aged between seven and 14 and contains dozens of interactive exhibits and experiments as well as live demonstrations.
London's Science Museum in Kensington has caused outrage after revealing it will start charging families
The Launchpad gallery dominates the museum's third floor and is, for many families, one of the main reasons to visit.
It has now been rebranded Wonderlab: The Statoil Gallery, with 50 new exhibits including a giant interactive display of the solar system, a showspace allowing for 120 visitors with live displays featuring explosions and rockets. Running costs are expected to come in at £1million a year.
The museum claims the extra revenue generated from the 'modest' charges will allow for more free school visits.
But there are fears some families, particularly those from outside London who have already paid travel costs, will be priced out. There are also concerns other national galleries and museums will follow suit.
The museum has been free since 2001 as part of a Labour drive to widen cultural access.
Yesterday families on a day out to the Science Museum told of how the admission costs would make them think twice about visiting again.
Nicola Hill, 45, from Letchworth, Hertfordshire, who was visiting the museum with their eight-year-old daughter and 10-year-old son, said: 'That's very disappointing. It's quite expensive.
'It seems a shame as we're trying to get children into science and it's a shame to cut off inspiring children because people wouldn't pay that kind of money.
The Science Museum in London has been free to visitors since 2001, but from October families will have to pay £22.50 to visit Launchpad gallery (pictured)
'For that kind of money people would go to Legoland. I wouldn't pay that.
'We've come in today by train, and now we're going for a meal and if you add on a cost for the museum it becomes too expensive.
'It's a shame because the interactive bits are what gets them into science.'
Andrea Lloyd, 36, from Essex, who was visiting the museum with their four-year-old son, explained that going into the museum with young children is only viable for just a short amount of time and that introducing a price would put them off from visiting the attraction.
'What's good at the moment is that they only want to be there for a couple of hours, but if it cost £22, we probably wouldn't come,' they said.
The Launchpad gallery dominates the museum's third floor and is, for many families, one of the main reasons to visit
'You wouldn't take young kids there because they wouldn't want to stay for long. The fact that you can just pop in for a couple of hours is really good.
'It would be a shame if young children didn't get to experience it because of the cost.'
Vicky Cliff, 30, and their husband, John, 37, were visiting with their two-year-old daughter and a four-year-old son.
'We are down today because our son starts school in September,' said Mrs Cliff.
'From our perspective, we've considered home educating our son and that is something that would be an issue because people depend on museums to help them learn and see things.
'It would definitely have a negative effect on a lot of people.' Them husband added: 'We wouldn't have bothered if it was that much.'
The Launchpad Gallery is a firm favourite among children aged between seven and 14 (Pictured The Large Hadron Collider Exhibition at the museum)
Ian Blatchford, group director at the Science Museum, said: 'Ensuring our visitors understand the science that shapes our lives and inspiring the next generation of scientists, technologists, engineers and mathematicians are at the heart of our mission.
'Wonderlab: The Statoil Gallery embodies that core purpose, providing the spark of curiosity for the young people of today to wonder the world better.'
Toby Parkin, curator of the new exhibit, said: 'The Science Museum opened the world's first national gallery dedicated to children in 1931.
'Since then, scientists, engineers and even Royal visitors have been inspired by the amazing scientific phenomena revealed in our interactive galleries.'.
Kate Williams, editor of the Mumsnet parenting website said: 'Mumsnet users absolutely love the Science Museum as a destination for kids, and for those on tight budgets the introduction of a charge for this specific area will probably be disappointing.
'There's a lot of sympathy, though, for the expense incurred by museums in mounting these specialist exhibitions and areas, and a general feeling that some visitors could probably afford to be a bit more generous with their voluntary donations.'
Image copyright AP Image caption Thousands of people have fled North Korea but high level defections are rare
A senior North Korean military officer who oversaw spying operations has defected, say South Korean officials.
The officer has not been named, but the defence ministry in Seoul said they were a senior colonel in the Reconnaissance General Bureau and left last year.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted a source as saying the colonel was seen as elite by other defectors.
More than 28,000 people have fled North Korea since the end of the Korean War, but high level defections are rare.
Last week, 13 North Koreans who had been working in one of the North's restaurants abroad defected as a group.
Yonhap said a number of senior political figures had defected while working overseas recently.
It quoted government officials as saying this was a sign the leadership of Kim Jong-un was cracking.
'Valuable information'
Defence Ministry spokesperson Moon Sang-gyun said the South could not release further information on the colonel.
Image copyright AP Image caption Some defectors become active campaigners against the North Korea leadership
One unnamed official told Yonhap the man was the highest-level military official ever to have defected.
"He is believed to have stated details about the bureau's operations against South Korea to the authorities here," said the official.
The Reconnaissance General Bureau handles intelligence gathering and spying operations, as well as cyber warfare, said Yonhap.
The BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul said such a figure would likely have valuable information about the workings of Kim Jong-un's government.
How do you leave North Korea?
For most North Koreans it is almost impossible. The borders are heavily guarded and few people have the resources to fund an escape.
Image caption Many previous defectors have escaped across the Yalu River into China
Those who do make it out usually cross the river borders into China. They either lay low to avoid being sent back by China to face severe punishment, or try to reach a third country.
There are many cases of diplomats, athletes, musicians and others defecting and claiming asylum while representing North Korea in other countries. Some border guards have simply walked away from their posts.
Relatives they leave behind are almost certain to face persecution or jail.
Interrogated for playing the wrong tune
How many senior North Koreans have left?
Numbers are not widely available but dozens of senior level officials are thought to have defected in the past few years.
The most high-profile defection to date was Hwang Jang-yop, a politician who was considered the architect of North Korea's policy of "juche", or self-reliance.
They claimed asylum at the South Korean embassy in Beijing while on a work visit in 1997. They died in 2010.
About 29,000 people have defected in total since the 1950s, though numbers have fallen in recent years.
How does South Korea treat defectors?
Any North Korean who makes it to the South enters into a rehabilitation programme and is given an aid package to help them start a new life.
Despite this, many find it hard to adjust.
High-level defectors are questioned closely for valuable information, and to ensure they are not acting as double agents.
South Korea denies North's Korea's accusations that it is enticing people to defect.
The North Korean defectors who want to return home
THE vanguard of Russell Brand's revolution will be people who are out of their minds, it has been confirmed.
The entertainer has struggled to attract followers, but their suggestion of a US-led conspiracy behind 9/11 has led to thousands of nutters volunteering to overthrow the Bilderberg Group.
Julian Cook, a raving lunatic from Stevenage, said: “Finally I have a leader worthy of replacing the magic banjo that's been telling me what to do since 1987.
“Now let's talk about what's happening on the moon.”
Jane Thompson, a fruitloop from Doncaster, added: “I just hope Russell Brand is not part of a US-led conspiracy to discredit the very idea of a revolution that would destroy capitalism and our stinking, fetid, so-called ‘democracy'.
“Or am I just a fictional character in a spoof news story that's designed to discredit Russell Brand and is published on some glib fucking website that's secretly owned by Dick Cheney?
“Bong!”
If you thought the Governor and Gareth were bad news, you ain't seen nothing yet. That's because the most notorious villain from The Walking Dead comic book is soon to be unleashed on the TV version of the show, which returns Feb. 14 on AMC.
At some point during the second half of season 6 we are going to be introduced to Negan, a barbed-wire-baseball-bat-carrying lunatic played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan who will show up to torment our survivors. They will be the latest — and greatest — obstacle for Rick Grimes and Co. And according to comic book creator and TV exec producer Robert Kirkman, their arrival will change things permanently, and not for the better.
RELATED: The Walking Dead: Before They Were Stars
“As far as shake-ups go, we have lots of shake-ups from season to season,” says Kirkman. “It keeps things interesting — keeps the blood pumping, I like to say — but Negan is kind of an atomic bomb that's going to be dropped on the show and the show will probably never be the same after that. So buckle up, I guess?”
Negan is the leader of a group we met in the midseason finale's prologue scene called the Saviors. We saw them stop Daryl, Sasha, and Abraham on the road while informing them “your property now belongs to Negan.” So who is this nefarious outfit and how do they differ from other groups we've encountered before?
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television, and music.
“I think the Saviors are dangerously organized,” says Kirkman. “The Wolves were psychotic, the Hunters [the group from Terminus] had a lot of weaknesses. When it comes to the Saviors, and Negan in particular, the way I've always thought about this in the comics is this is a group that's led by a guy who's had their morality dial a few clicks away from Rick toward the darker aspects of their personality, but is still an intellectual and capable leader who's kept their group alive against all odds just as long as Rick has. It's really the best encountering the best. When these two forces come head to head, things are gonna get interesting. This is a much different group than they've ever encountered. The Saviors are a group they're not really prepared for.”
We'll see if viewers are prepared when the show returns Feb. 14.
UPDATE 11/29: Although I can't edit the reward listing because people have already signed up, the $10 reward level will now feature a digital copy of the book in your choice of DRM-free formats, so it can be more easily compatible with your iPad, Kindle, Nook, or other eReader.
UPDATE 11/27: A sample chapter is posted here to give you a better sense of what the book will be like.
Wonder Woman may be the absolute strangest fictional character ever to become popular. Created by William Moulton Marston, they are explicitly a character created to promote their vision of a sexual utopia in which men submit to women, which they believed was the only possible way for humanity to survive. Despite the fact that they are explicitly an icon of kinky sex, radical feminism, and liberal utopian politics - three things that are not exactly clear winners in American mainstream culture - she's endured as a major comics character and pop culture icon for decades.
Paradise Dungeon will be the story of that bizarre and amazing idea. From their first appearance in 1941's All Star Comics #8 to their brand-new relaunch as part of DC's New 52 in 2011, the book will look at the complete history of Wonder Woman and how their utopian politics have risen and been suppressed over the decades, and how Wonder Woman fit into a myriad of eras of history, from World War II through to the turbulence of the 50s and 60s, the rekindled conservatism of the 70s and 80s, the rise of the digital generation in the 90s and 00s, and the present. And of how, in all of those eras, no matter who was working on Wonder Woman, the strange and radical utopianism of the concept survives.
On my blog TARDIS Eruditorum (http://tardiseruditorum.blogspot.com), I've developed a basic style for this sort of thing - one that blends cultural history, literary analysis, personal history, and creative writing into a coherent whole. The book will follow a similar style, with chapters on individual eras of Wonder Woman's history. Not every single issue will be covered, but the whole sweep of the history will be.
What I haven't found yet is a way to make this sort of thing work financially. So this is me trying. I think that there are people who want to read intelligent pop culture criticism, and I think getting funding for this kind of research from them is going to go a lot better than trying to work through the narrow and insular world of academic publishing. So here's me asking you for help - I think this is an important and interesting book that needs to exist, and I'd like you to help me make it exist.
Cost breakdown
$1500: In order to have the book be a publishable and sellable manuscript, I'll need to employ professional editing and layout services. $1500 will cover those expenses.
$3000: In order to write the book in the six month timeframe I am shooting for, I need to reduce the adjunct teaching load I currently take on by one course for a semester. $3000 does not quite make up for the lost income, but it helps a lot.
(Image: Detail of the cover of Ms. Magazine #1)
When video gamers armed with the world's most powerful supercomputers take on science and its most vexing riddles, who wins? Sometimes, it's the gamers.
Humans retain an edge over computers when complex problems require intuition and leaps of insight rather than brute calculation. Savvy programmers and researchers at the University of Washington have tapped into this human "supercomputer" with Foldit, an online game that poses complex puzzles about how proteins fold, one of the hardest and most expensive problems in biology today.
"Foldit attempts to predict the structure of a protein by taking advantage of humans' puzzle-solving intuitions and having people play competitively to fold the best proteins," the company explains on its website. "Since proteins are part of so many diseases, they can also be part of the cure. Players can design brand-new proteins that could help prevent or treat important diseases."
They've been on a tear ever since. With four publications to their name, and a host of puzzles left to solve from deadly diseases to biofuels, Foldit has proven that the concept works.
Their latest solution has resolved a problem stumping scientists for a decade. Publishing in the journal Nature Structural & Molecular Biology on September 18 (the scientists and gamers are co-authors), researchers show how gamers provided the crucial insights to solve the structure of a protein-sniping enzyme critical for reproduction of the AIDS virus. With help from game-players' strategies, researchers revealed the enzymes' structure within three weeks and identified targets for drugs to neutralize it.
Want to discover the next cure? You can sign on to Foldit, and use your 3-D spatial abilities to manipulate amino acid chains starting simple with "One Small Clash," and work your way up to "Rubber Band Reversal." UW researchers are constantly tweaking the game design and analyzing players' strategies to come up with new answers.
Game on.
Report: Obama Administration Pressured News Outlets to Not Report Suspected Ebola Cases
Ebola be Gone!
At the urging of the Obama Administration, the Associated Press and other news outlets have agreed not to report on suspected cases of Ebola in the United States until a positive viral RNA test is completed.
The administration and liberal activists were upset with coverage in the run-up to the midterm elections.
Fox News Ends Ebola Coverage: ‘Our Work Is Done' http://t.co/makWWRCLiH via @BorowitzReport — The New Yorker (@NewYorker) November 5, 2014
Who said political hack Ron Klain was not a good pick for Ebola czar?
In case you haven't noticed… Media outlets are no longer reporting on suspected Ebola cases at the urging of the Obama administration.
Downtrend reported:
There is a reason why Obama didn't pick an Ebola Czar with any actual medical experience when they tabbed longtime Democrat party hack Ron Klain who is a lobbyist. The real danger was never that the foolish policies of Barry and the boys were exposing Americans to Ebola but rather the political implications of it all. So the sudden departure of Ebola stories from the state-corporate media doesn't pass the smell test. Interestingly the website of Forbes has a story that reports: The Associated Press and other press outlets have agreed not to report on suspected cases of Ebola in the United States until a positive viral RNA test is completed. That damning line is buried deep in the article so anyone can be excused for not noticing it – they aren't supposed to.
HADLEY - Real gross domestic product in Massachusetts grew at an estimated annualized rate of 5.4 percent in the second-quarter of 2015, according to figures released this week by MassBenchmarks.
MassBenchmarks economists also adjusted first quarter growth up for 2015.
Based on the latest available information, economists now estimate that in the first quarter of 2015, the state economy expanded at a 2.1 percent annualized rate while the nation grew at a 0.6 percent annualized rate.
According to the report:
"In the second quarter, the state's economy rebounded strongly from the weather-induced slowdown of the first quarter, with robust growth in employment and spending."
Specifics included are:
U.S. real gross domestic product grew in the second-quarter at an annual rate of 2.3 percent according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis.
Massachusetts payroll employment expanded at a 3.1 percent annual rate in the second quarter, nearly twice as fast as in the first quarter when employment grew at a 1.7 percent annualized rate.
Nationally, payroll employment grew at a 1.7 annual rate in the second quarter, down from 2.2 percent in the first quarter. The state's unemployment rate has reached pre-recession levels, according to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Based on withholding tax revenues, we estimate that state wage and salary income in the second quarter grew at a 4.8 percent annual rate, following growth of 4.8 percent in the first quarter.
In the second quarter, spending grew at what economists described as a "whopping" 19.3 percent annual rate, following 1.8 percent growth in the first quarter.
There are warning signs, especially when it comes to foreign trade with Europe and with China, economists said.
For the first five months of this year, Massachusetts merchandise exports are down 14.0 percent when compared with the first five months of 2014. Nationally, U.S. merchandise exports are down 5.2 percent during the same period.
Alan Clayton-Matthews, MassBenchmarks Senior Contributing Editor and Associate Professor of Economics and Public Policy at Northeastern University wrote in the report about the long-term unemployed and people who have stopped looking for work.
"The rising tide appears to finally be lifting the boats of the long-term unemployed, even though conditions for these workers remain difficult."
Clayton-Matthews referred to a decline in the Massachusetts U-6 unemployment rate, which includes workers who want full-time work and those who are unemployed but marginally attached to the labor force. For the 12-months ending in June, the Massachusetts U-6 rate fell to 10.4 percent, a 0.6 percentage-point drop from the 12-month period ending in March.
In June, the Massachusetts U-6 unemployment rate at 9.7 percent compared with a national U-6 rate of 10.5 percent.
MassBenchmarks is a study of the Massachusetts economy published by the University of Massachusetts Donahue Institute in Hadley in cooperation with the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston.
Russia-gate, the Democrats' over-the-top attempt to blame the Kremlin for Hillary Clinton's disastrous campaign, has become the party's go-to excuse to avoid confronting how it lost touch with average Americans, says Norman Solomon.
By Norman Solomon
A new book about Hillary Clinton's last campaign for president — Shattered by journalists Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes — has gotten a lot of publicity since it appeared two weeks ago. But major media have ignored a revealing passage near the end of the book.
Soon after Clinton's defeat, top strategists decided where to place the blame. “Within 24 hours of their concession speech,” the authors report, campaign manager Robby Mook and campaign chair John Podesta “assembled their communications team at the Brooklyn headquarters to engineer the case that the election wasn't entirely on the up-and-up. For a couple of hours, with Shake Shack containers littering the room, they went over the script they would pitch to the press and the public. Already, Russian hacking was the centerpiece of the argument.”
Six months later, that centerpiece of the argument is rampant — with claims often lurching from unsubstantiated overreach to outright demagoguery. A lavishly-funded example is the “Moscow Project,” a mega-spin effort that surfaced in midwinter as a project of the Center for American Progress Action Fund. It's led by Neera Tanden, a self-described “loyal solider” for Clinton who also runs the Center for American Progress (where they succeeded Podesta as president). The Center's board includes several billionaires.
The “Moscow Project” is expressly inclined to go over the top, aiming to help normalize ultra-partisan conjectures as supposedly factual. And so, the homepage of the “Moscow Project” prominently declares: “Given Trump's obedience to Vladimir Putin and the deep ties between their advisers and the Kremlin, Russia's actions are a significant and ongoing cause for concern.”
Let's freeze-frame how that sentence begins: “Given Trump's obedience to Vladimir Putin.” It's a jaw-dropping claim; a preposterous smear.
Following the Script
Echoes of such tactics can be heard from many Democrats in Congress and from allied media. Along the way, no outlet has been more in sync than MSNBC, and no one on the network has been more promotional of the Russia-runs-Trump meme than Rachel Maddow, tirelessly promoting the line and sometimes connecting dots in Glenn Beck fashion to the point of journalistic malpractice.
Yet last year, notably without success, the Clinton campaign devoted plenty of its messaging to the Trump-Russia theme. As the Shattered book notes, “Hillary would raise the issue themselves repeatedly in debates” with Trump. For example, in one of those debates they said: “We have 17 — 17 — intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin and they are designed to influence our election.”
After Trump's election triumph, the top tier of Clinton strategists quickly moved to seize as much of the narrative as they could, surely mindful of what George Orwell observed: “Who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present controls the past.” After all, they hardly wanted the public discourse to dwell on Clinton's lack of voter appeal because of their deep ties to Wall Street. Political recriminations would be much better focused on the Russian government.
In early spring, the former communications director of the 2016 Clinton presidential campaign, Jennifer Palmieri, summed up the post-election approach neatly in a Washington Post opinion article: “If we make plain that what Russia has done is nothing less than an attack on our republic, the public will be with us. And the more we talk about it, the more they'll be with us.”
The inability of top Clinton operatives to identify with the non-wealthy is so tenacious that they still want to assume “the public will be with us” the more they talk about Russia Russia Russia. Imagine sitting at a kitchen table with average-income voters who are worried sick about their financial futures — and explaining to them that the biggest threat they face is from the Kremlin rather than from U.S. government policies that benefit the rich and corporate America at their expense.
Tone deaf hardly describes the severe political impairment of those who insist that denouncing Russia will be key to the Democratic Party's political fortunes in 2018 and 2020. But the top-down pressure for conformity among elected Democrats is enormous and effective.
One of the most promising progressives to arrive in Congress this year, Rep. Jamie Raskin from the Maryland suburbs of D.C., promptly drank what might be called the “Klinton Kremlin Kool-Aid.” Their official website features an article about a town-hall meeting that quotes them describing Trump as a “hoax perpetrated by the Russians on the United States of America.”
Like hundreds of other Democrats on Capitol Hill, Raskin is on message with talking points from the party leadership. That came across in an email that they recently sent to supporters for a Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee fundraiser. It said: “We pull the curtain back further each day on the Russian Connection, forcing National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to resign, Attorney General Sessions to recuse, and America to reflect on who's calling the shots in Washington.”
You might think that Wall Street, big banks, hugely funded lobbyists, fat-check campaign contributors, the fossil fuel industry, insurance companies, military contractors and the like are calling the shots in Washington. Maybe you didn't get the memo.
Norman Solomon is the coordinator of the online activist group RootsAction.org and the executive director of the Institute for Public Accuracy.  They are the author of a dozen books including War Made Easy: How Presidents and Pundits Keep Spinning Us to Death.
Before I go on to whatever it is that I say today and... I usually don't know what that's going to be, I want all of you to read this fine article from one of the better and more courageous writers going, Israel Shamir and then I want you to read this article on Ted Olsen.
These articles aren't connected except that they are both to be found on The Truthseeker. Across the space of the internet there are all too few sites where you can get real and truthful information. Others are What Really Happened also Signs of the Times and The Peoples Voice. Prison Planet and others also tell us things we usually don't find anywhere else but you probably know about them and you probably go there. If you don't then you should visit these sites every day because they will tell you what is going on rather than telepathically invade you with messages crafted to form assumptions in your mind; assumptions that have no connection to the truth.
I try not to get angry and usually that's not difficult. I'm not an angry person generally... I do have a problem with injustice. As much as I know that karma is a reality and that everything is under control, no matter how it looks, it still seems to me that we are required as human beings to protest and speak out against injustice. It is less important that we succeed in any particular mission than that we tried. You have to ask yourself what your life is about and what is important to you.
In these days the navel-gazing, self-absorption and pursuit of personal gain is epidemic. Even when people take the high ground on bad behavior, the motive is often the pursuit of their own celebrity rather than giving a damn.
Speaking the truth feeds an oxygen tank that allows you to breathe in an ocean of lies. Compassion is a protective device that defends your life. Love is a power that, when truly possessed, makes one invulnerable. Courage is the reward of conviction. I could go on and on about what these things mean to me, making up pithy phrases; Les Visible sound-bites that came out of one place and head off into another without either location ever being known. We're traveling through dimensions and environments that we don't understand and either we are trying to make sense out of it or we are trying to make money off of it.
Anybody who is paying attention knows that if the neo-con weasels and their banking backers want to hit Iran they have to do it before January 20 of next year. This is because no matter how much they think they know and no matter what steps they take they can't be certain that the same evil process will remain intact after the election. I'm not a Barack Obama supporter but I will give them a chance. I want/wanted Jessie Ventura and Ron Paul as the ticket. Obama is not likely to assault Iran so they have to get to it before the deadline.
This assault is the brainchild and desire of Israel. America is no more than the dog being wagged. Here are a few truths that are not being said except by those of us who are motivated to do so. Iran cannot and will not have a nuclear weapon by the end of the year. This is being said so that the attack can take place according to a fabricated desperate need. Israel is a rogue nation with nuclear weapons which does not cooperate with the IAEA. Israel doesn't want Iran to have nuclear power or weapons because Israel, possessing these weapons, can act with impunity in the neighborhood and go on practicing genocide (Palestine) and mass murder (Lebanon 2006). If Iran were to have such a weapon then pressure could be brought to bear on the Nazi regime in Israel. Balance of power is not a bad idea and certainly Iran and their people are not crazier than many of the belligerent countries who are presently waging war around the planet.
Hamas and Hezbollah are not terrorist organizations. They have a right to exist and defend their homeland against terrorism. What is being practiced in Palestine is terrorism. What happened in Lebanon in 2006 was terrorism. Bombing non-existent nuclear facilities in Syria is terrorism. What happened on 9/11 was terrorism as was what happened on 7/7 and 3/11. When you connect the dots it becomes very apparent who the real terrorists are.
Here are some other truths. Israel massacred a lot of Palestinian people back in the late 40's and continues to do so until today. They drove 700,000+ of these people off of their ancestral homeland. Israel does not have a right to exist so long as they deny the Palestinians a right to exist. Israel has profiteered off of an intricate manipulation of the facts concerning events that took place during World War 2 and the Zionist movement aided and abetted these atrocities. They have fashioned a slur called ‘anti-Semitism' to defend against any criticism of their pathological behavior and they keep pressing to have this word redefined until it includes every thought word and deed of which Israel disapproves. Although Israel makes up a very small part of the world's population they are very highly represented in the neo-con movement. They were the motive force behind the 9/11 attacks, the Afghanistan invasion, The Iraq War and the orchestration of political and media pressure to attack Iran.
Israel's celebration of 60 years of existence is actually a celebration of 60 years of bloodshed practiced on their neighbors. The facts given for the '67 war and '73 war are lies. Israel caused these events and hard data backs it up. Take the trouble to look into it. Take the trouble to find the last war that Iran ‘started'. Compare Iran's warmongering with Israel's.
It appears that telling the truth is anti-Semitic. Telling the truth is anti-Semitic. Looking for the truth is anti-Semitic. Finding the truth is anti-Semitic. Disputing anything that Israel says or does is anti-Semitic. The word neo-con (according to Paul Wolfowitz) is anti-Semitic. Not being Semitic is anti-Semitic. Breathing and having a free mind appear to be anti-Semitic unless you are one so defined as Semitic and which does not include Palestinians but does include Ashka-Nazis who are NOT Semitic. Personally, I think an enormous wall should be erected around Israel's '67 borders. It would be better if it were a dome. This is not with the interest of protecting Israel from the rest of the world but rather the rest of the world from Israel.
There are some wake-up calls coming for Israel and one of them is China down the road. Israel ought to be relocated in Myanmar where there is not only space but a political predisposition that dovetails with their own.
The two articles that I gave you in the beginning of this essay point out some significant truths. One of these truths is that a war is being fought through cultural manipulation with the intention of changing reasonable laws into unreasonable laws in order to create international police states so that the few can live at the expense of and upon the backs of the many. The other article shows blatant and certain lies which further indicates that there are other lies about the 9/11 attacks.
My feeling is that we are all looking at a long hot summer which shall prove to be anything but metaphorical. Maybe you have no interest in the truth. Maybe you would not recognize it if you encountered it. Maybe you don't care what happens to other people and maybe you do. Whatever the truth of that may be will be clearly shown by what you say and do according to what you believe. When enough people speak and act from their conscience, psychopathic, reptile behavior will naturally diminish. So long as you do not speak and act from your conscience you are a contributor to the conditions of the times.
Due to the kind donations received from readers this site will soon contain video that we hope will enhance the experience of coming here. I offer a deep and sincere thanks to all of you who made this possible.
How did this happen? Why did lenders suddenly shower less-creditworthy borrowers with trillions of dollars of credit? Mian and Sufi demonstrate this was enabled by the securitization of home mortgages by investment banks that did not seek federal guarantees from Fannie and Freddie—so called private-label securities, made possible by financial deregulation and the glut of cash in world markets in the wake of the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s. That private-label mortgage-backed securities were at the core of the housing meltdown is no longer in doubt, but what Mian and Sufi bring to the debate is how an unequal distribution of debt magnified the economic risks—based on their path-breaking microeconomic research—and a new framework for considering who is to blame among policymakers for the still reverberating debacle.
Unfortunately, the two authors don't provide answers for why so many households took on so much debt, but they do paint a cautionary tale. This is a critically important contribution to the policy debate now raging over what Congress and the Obama administration should do in the way of reforms to the housing-finance industry. And, it's important to our understanding of whether and how inequality affects economic growth and stability. What they demonstrate is that as the U.S. housing bubble burst and home prices began to fall in late 2006, the unequal distribution of debt amplified the decline in consumer spending and the consequence was an economic disaster. Mian and Sufi's research leads them to conclude that the crisis was avoidable if only economists had used the right framework to see what was happening around them at the time.
“Economic disasters are human-made,” they write in the opening pages, “and the right framework can help us understand how to prevent them.” By the end of the book, the reader cannot but be left appalled at the sheer enormity of the policy failures. It's not just that 7.4 million workers lost their job during the years of the Great Recession of 2007-2009 but also that the employment crisis continues to this day. While jobs are no longer being shed at the rate of 20,000 a day, the share of the U.S. population with a job fell to a low of 58.2 percent in November 2010 from a high of 63.4 percent in December 2006, but has only increased by a fraction of a percentage since then, hitting just 58.9 percent in April 2014.
Missing the housing bubble was a massive failure on the part of policymakers. As a result, our new normal is one where there are nearly 10 million fewer people at work. This book's contribution helps us understand the important mechanisms through which this occurred.
* * *
I watched the housing and financial crises unfold from my perch as staff for the U.S. Congressional Joint Economic Committee. By the time Lehman Brothers failed, the mantra on Capitol Hill had been articulated by former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers, who said that any recovery package had to be “timely, targeted, and temporary.” But the stimulus that emerged was not specifically targeted at homeowners in foreclosure. If Mian and Sufi are correct, the biggest failure was—and continues to be—leaving families struggling with mortgages they cannot afford because of the fall in home prices.
Spiral thingy lightning bolt!
Get Fuzzy
What the #$*! Do We Know!?
In the cartoon, the dog Satchel has taken to swearing by "saying the cartoon-style swear squiggles" (as the human character Rob puts it).While we've looked a lot at "taboo avoidance characters", used to mask individual letters in taboo words, we've touched much less often on "cursing characters" (as Ben Zimmer referred to them here a bit later they referred to them as "obscenicons"), those "cartoon-style swear squiggles" used individually or in clusters ---- as visual substitutes for taboo words as wholes. (But see here here , and here .) Now Satchel has taken things one step further, by using the names of cursing characters in speech (as in astrip Mark Liberman riffed on a few years ago).Four strips so far, 3/17 through 3/20, beginning with Satchel stubbing their toe on a brick strategically placed in their way by the cat Bucky:
grawlix
damned straight
fuckin'-A
#$*!
hell
fuck
f**k
Posted by Arnold Zwicky at March 20, 2008 09:56 AM
We get characters available on (some) standard keyboards: asterisk *, ampersand &, plus sign +, percentage sign %, dollar sign $, British pound £, euro €. Plus the Greek letter pi π. And some cartoonists' glyphs that don't have HTML character codes: popping bubble, spiral thingy (the, mentioned here ), lightning bolt, and star (distinct from ampersand).In general, uses of cursing characters can't be uniquely interpreted as particular taboo words, and that's true here, though "ampersand" of "ampersand straight" is surely "damned",'absolutely right' being an American idiom of fixed form. ("Dollar sign-A" would be equally interpretable as "fuckin'-A",being yet another American idiom for 'absolutely right', also of fixed form.) The fact that specific taboo words aren't usually recoverable from cursing characters makes these characters more decorous than the coding of taboo words via avoidance characters;or "dollar sign" could represent a number of curses, from the mild () to the strong () -- which ones are available depends on the context -- butleaves almost nothing to the imagination.Spiral thingy lightning bolt!
*UPDATE 2*
Hoax, misprint or other. The ISBN resolves to a 5D Mark II book by the same author. 5D Mark III and 5D Mark II on Amazon France. The 5D3 book is showing up across lots of book selling sites. Could be a placeholder, could be someone having fun.
Thanks to everyone that wrote in about it.
*UPDATE*
It has also shown up at Chapters in Canada. (thanks terry)
From Amazon France
A new book dedicated to a 5D Mark III has appeared on the Amazon.fr web site. The release date for the book is March 9, 2012. The book apparently comes from Pearson, which is pretty reputable. The author has done books for the 60D and 7D as well as others. Books appearing on Amazon before a camera announcement does happen from time to time.
5D Mark III/X Announcement date?
The last announcement date I received about the next 5D, was March 2, 2012. That's a Friday, which is unusual, but not unique.
However, there is no date that I am 100% confident of.
cr
Hi everyone,
My name is Pancho. My partner and I just started a huge trip, from Montreal to Buenos Aires by car. During the trip I'm doing a documentary about Argentine Tango.
I started off with the following thoughts : "How can tango exist in our communities? Who permits this world to exist?"
I want to give voice to those who allow tango to flourish in the world. I wish to create a forum for those who too often work in the shadows and I want to put together regular programming, a festival or even a show. I'm interested in their devotion to tango and what made them chose it as their profession.
Of course we need money for the gas, the food, editing, translation, etc.
Thanks for your support in this project.
Abrazo
Pancho
Help spread the word! Share Tweet 405 total shares
Image caption Eritreans risk all to cross their heavily mined and guarded border to seek sanctuary in Ethiopia
The drought and famine that is devastating the Horn of Africa is affecting more than 12 million people.
Yet one country in the region, Eritrea, says it has escaped the crisis, reaping a bumper harvest earlier this year.
But evidence is now mounting that the real situation in the secretive country may be rather different, with up to two in three Eritreans going hungry.
In the last decade Eritrea has become one of the world's most closed nations with no free press and no opposition.
So it has been difficult to verify the Eritrean government's claims that the population has the food it needs.
But it has now been possible to piece together an alternative picture from a variety of sources.
There is an increasing trend of acute malnutrition in children under five in many areas.
There's a clear-cut denial of access by the government of Eritrea of food and other humanitarian support Susan Rice, US Ambassador to the UN
Satellite imagery from weather monitoring group the Famine Early Warning System shows below average rainfall from June to September.
This is the main rainy season for Eritrea and comes after years of severe drought in consecutive years.
The human impact is to be found in northern Ethiopia.
Emaciated Eritreans are crossing the heavily militarised border at the rate of 900 a month, according to journalists in the region.
They tell tales of crops that have failed and homes without food.
The American ambassador to the United Nations, Susan Rice, recently described Eritrea as a black hole in terms of independent information.
The Eritrean people "most likely are suffering the very same food shortages that we're seeing throughout the region (and) are being left to starve because there is not access, there's a clear-cut denial of access by the government of Eritrea of food and other humanitarian support for its people," Ms Rice said.
Most UN agencies have been refused access to Eritrea and most aid agencies have been expelled.
Even accredited ambassadors have the greatest difficulty in moving freely about the country, to assess the seriousness of the situation.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has offered to buy their team pizza as a reward for a clean sheet at Stoke City on Saturday.
Ranieri's men visit the Britannia Stadium in good form and second in the Premier League after taking 11 points from a possible 15 to start the season.
One thing Leicester have not been able to do under the Italian's flight attendantship is keep a clean sheet.
And Ranieri is willing to satisfy their team's tastebuds should Leicester record their first shutout of the campaign.
"I want to pay a pizza for a clean sheet. When we get one I pay for pizza and maybe a hot dog," Ranieri said.
One aspect of their team that has particularly pleased Ranieri is the pace at their disposal. They added: "My team is like the RAF [Royal Air Force]....beep, beep, beep, I love it.
"When you want to build something, it's about the club. The head of the fish. Everyone works together. That's the secret."
But Ranieri is not looking past survival as the primary aim for Leicester this season, stating: "I change my target to from 40 points...to 40 points."
In this guide we will cover the commands which will enable you to customize the radar in CS:GO the way you want.
If you go with the default radar settings, you won't be able to see the whole map in-game. Professional players are keeping a constant eye on the radar (well not literally, but you get the point). The reason they do, is to watch where their teammates are positioned and where the enemies are – or where the enemy was last seen. An enemy is displayed as a red dot on the radar. A few seconds after an enemy disappear out of sight, a red question mark is displayed on the radar.
I have had so much use of being able to see the whole map on the radar. For example if I am on A and my teammates gets rushed on B but don't have time to call it, you will notice right away on the radar. Also if someone on your team spots the terrorist with the bomb, the bomb will be displayed on the map, which is very useful.
This screenshot shows what we want to accomplish, which is:
A radar which is always centered.
A radar where we can see the whole map.
Bigger radar (HUD size).
Bigger icons, so it's easy to spot teammates/enemies on the map (optional).
Basically a minimap of the whole map.
If you wonder how to change settings so the weapon is displayed like this, check out our viewmodel guide.
Lets move on to the actual settings. You will need to put the following in your own config or autoexec. We will go through each setting step by step. This way you will know what each setting do, so that you can customize the radar your own way if you want to. If you just want the settings, scroll down to the bottom where we have included all the settings in the last section of this article.
cl_radar_always_centered
First of all, we don't want to have the radar centered at all time. When centered, you are wasting a lot of space on the radar when you are near the border of the map.
This is done with the command:
cl_radar_always_centered 0
See how we are “wasting” half of the radar on black nothing. When not centered we are able to see more of the map.
cl_radar_scale
The next thing we want to do, is scale the map down, so we can see the more of the map on the radar.
Command:
cl_radar_scale 0.3
Before we couldn't see the whole map. After the tweak, we can now see the whole map at all time. This is very useful when you are in the spawn, while some of your teammates are on A or B – no matter what you will always to be able to see where they are.
Zoom script
We have made a little zoom script, which makes it easy to zoom in and out on the radar, by just clicking on “+” or “-“.
Put this in your config or autoexec file:
// radar zoom in-out script
bind “KP_plus” “incrementvar cl_radar_scale 0.25 1.0 0.05”;
bind “KP_minus” “incrementvar cl_radar_scale 0.25 1.0 -0.05”;
Now you will be able to quickly adjust your radar zoom while being in-game.
cl_hud_radar_scale
When scaling the map down, we loose some of the details. To compensate for some of this, we can scale up the radar HUD.
Command:
cl_hud_radar_scale 1.15
As you can see, the radar HUD is now bigger. I find that 1.15 to be the sweet spot between being able to see more details, and not taking up too much of the screen. Try experimenting with this setting yourself.
cl_radar_icon_scale_min
This step is optional, but I use it myself. It makes the icons on the radar bigger, which I find useful.
Command:
cl_radar_icon_scale_min 1
Final Radar Tweaking
Now that we have tweaked our radar settings, we have a much more useful radar, where the whole map is displayed at all time. Check this comparison between the default settings and our tweaked radar settings:
Pretty cool.
The only bad thing about the tweaked radar, is that the map is not very detailed, whereas when the scale is bigger, it is easier to see the map details. If you know the map well, this is not necessary though, at least in my opinion.
Optimized radar settings
cl_radar_always_centered “0”
cl_radar_scale “0.3”
cl_hud_radar_scale “1.15”
cl_radar_icon_scale_min “1”
cl_radar_rotate “1”
cl_radar_square_with_scoreboard “1”
Default radar settings
If you want to go back to your old settings, this is the default radar.
cl_radar_always_centered “1”
cl_radar_scale “0.7”
cl_hud_radar_scale “1”
cl_radar_icon_scale_min “0.6”
cl_radar_rotate “1”
cl_radar_square_with_scoreboard “1”
Other radar settings/commands
These commands are included in the final settings, but we are just using their default values. Here I will explain what they do.
cl_radar_rotate
If you don't want the radar to rotate with you, you can turn off the radar rotation.
cl_radar_rotate 0 //off
cl_radar_rotate 1 //on - recommended
cl_radar_square_with_scoreboard
When you press TAB to display the scoreboard, a big square radar will appear that shows you the whole map. If you want to turn this OFF, you can do so with this command.
cl_radar_square_with_scoreboard “1” //on – recommended
cl_radar_square_with_scoreboard “0” //off
TL;DR (too long didn't read)
If you don't want to read the whole article, but use the best radar settings, then we got you covered here.
Put these settings in your config or autoexec.cfg:
cl_radar_always_centered "0"
cl_radar_scale "0.3"
cl_hud_radar_scale "1.15"
cl_radar_icon_scale_min "1"
cl_radar_rotate "1"
cl_radar_square_with_scoreboard "1"
//Radar zoom in-out script
bind "KP_plus" "incrementvar cl_radar_scale 0.25 1.0 0.05";
bind "KP_minus" "incrementvar cl_radar_scale 0.25 1.0 -0.05";
If you have any suggestions or something to add, please feel free to add a comment.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. – The chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee is accusing the US Air Force of misrepresenting the cost to eliminate reliance on Russian rocket engines for space launch.
During a recent hearing, Secretary Deborah Lee James testified that replacing United Launch Alliance's RD-180-powered Atlas V launch vehicle with a combination of ULA's Delta IV heavy launch system and SpaceX's newly-certified Falcon 9 could cost as much as $5 billion, Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., wrote in a Wednesday letter to James.
But shortly before the hearing, James told the committee that splitting future launches between the two domestic vehicles would cost roughly $1.5 billion, McCain said.
James' testimony also appeared to contradict recent independent cost estimates by the Pentagon's Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, or CAPE, McCain claimed. CAPE has determined that the cost of ending reliance on Russian-made rocket engines could be similar to what the US pays today, they wrote.
"Contrary to the estimates you provided to me in private, I am left to conclude that your decision to publicly cite a figure as high as $5 billion was done so to obfuscate efforts to responsibly transition off of the RD-180 before the end of the decade," McCain wrote. "I invite you to clarify the record in the context of proposals actually being considered by the committee."
McCain also cite d an Air Force study that reportedly concludes the "least-risky alternative" would be to have Delta IV and Falcon 9 compete for national security missions, leading to cost reduction. However, the Air Force has been unwilling to share the results of the study with McCain's staff, they wrote. They asked that the service provide the full study to the committee no later than April 20.
In addition, McCain expressed concern that Russian citizens are required to be present at the launch of each satellite that requires an RD-180-powered launch vehicle.
"This access and presence of Russian nationals to the launch vehicles of our most sensitive national security satellites raises new troubling questions and is yet another reason for ending our dependence on Russian rocket engines as quickly as possible," McCain wrote. "I question why you find it acceptable to have Russian nationals working for Roscosmos, a Russian state corporation, present at our most sensitive satellite launches."
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
(Image: Brandi Thompson/Eyeem/Getty)
Spider-Man would be so envious. Spiders have woven webs infused with carbon nanotubes and even graphene, raising the prospect of new materials with record-beating properties.
Graphene – sheets of carbon just one atom thick – is one of the strongest artificial materials, and spider silk is one of the strongest natural ones. So Nicola Pugno of the University of Trento, Italy, wondered what would happen if you combined them.
Pugno and their colleagues captured five spiders from the Pholcidae family and sprayed them with a mixture of water and graphene particles 200 to 300 nanometres wide. They also sprayed another 10 spiders with carbon nanotubes and water to compare the effects of the two materials.
Advertisement
Some spiders produced below-par silk, but others got a major boost. The best fibres came from a spider dosed with nanotubes: it was around 3.5 times as tough and strong as the best unaltered silk, spun by the giant riverine orb spider.
From spiders to silkworms
The only natural material that is stronger than orb spider silk is the material that the teeth of molluscs called limpets are made out of, Pugno and colleagues revealed earlier this year. The molluscs' teeth stretch more than the spider silk, but are much less tough, meaning they crack more easily.
The team isn't sure how the graphene and carbon nanotubes end up in the silk. One possibility is that the carbon coats the outside of the strands, but Pugno thinks that would not be enough to account for the increase in strength. Instead, they believe the spiders mop up materials in their environment and incorporate them into the silk as they spin. This comes at a cost, however – four of the spiders died soon after being sprayed.
At this early stage it's not clear how such a material will be used, but one possibility is a giant net capable of catching falling aircraft, suggests Pugno. The team also plans to investigate other ways of producing bionic materials, such as dosing silkworms with artificial substances. “This concept could become a way to obtain materials with superior characteristics,” they say.
Reference: arxiv.org/abs/1504.06751
Gov. Bobby Jindal fired a state worker, Melody Teague, one day after they publicly condemned their plans to privatize state services. The worker's attorney claimed Teague was told that they were terminated for poor performance in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, years ago.
Louisiana Democratic Party Chairman Chris Whittington has launched an investigation into the incident.
Melody Teague criticized Jindal during a forum held by the Commission for Streamlining Government. Soon after, the contract grants reviewer was told they were fired for their handling of the state's disaster food stamps program four years ago, in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
According to The Advocate, Commission member Leonal Hardman believes that Teague was "unfairly targeted because they spoke out publicly at the streamlining forum."
In a statement, Chairman Whittington said, "For all of their talk about ethics reform, how ethical is it to fire a state employee for expressing their opinion publicly at a forum?"
Jindal has a history of firing or attempting to fire critics.
In July, the Associated Press reported that Jindal attempted to force out Board of Elementary and Secondary Education appointment Tammie McDaniel after they questioned a state official's budget decisions.
In March 2008, Jindal fired James Champagne, the executive director of the Louisiana Highway Safety Commission, after the two disagreed on the state's motorcycle helmet law. Champagne had worked for the Louisiana State Government for twelve years.
The final “This Is Us” episode of 2016 drew some of its best ratings of the season in the overnight numbers, and it continued that trend after a week of DVR and on-demand playback.
The NBC show had the biggest gain in adults 18-49 for the week of Dec. 5, growing by 2.1 points to a 4.9, its high so far this season. It was No. 2 in viewers added, growing by 5.45 million people to a season-high 16.4 million.
“Designated Survivor” kept its streak as the viewer-gain leader alive, adding 6.69 million viewers over seven days. It finished second in 18-49 gain (+1.7) and was the percentage leader in both categories.
Here are the Live +7 rankings for Dec. 5-11, 2016. The rankings include first-run series and specials only, not repeats.
Adults 18-49 – Total gain
Rank Show Net L+SD L+7 7-Day Increase 7-Day % Increase 1 THIS IS US NBC 2.8 4.9 2.1 75% 2 DESIGNATED SURVIVOR ABC 1.1 2.8 1.7 155% 3 EMPIRE FOX 2.5 4.0 1.5 60% 4 CRIMINAL MINDS CBS 1.3 2.5 1.2 92% 5 CHICAGO FIRE NBC 1.7 2.7 1.0 59% 6 AGENTS OF SHIELD ABC 0.7 1.6 0.9 129% 7 NCIS CBS 1.8 2.6 0.8 44% THE GOLDBERGS ABC 1.5 2.3 0.8 53% BULL CBS 1.5 2.3 0.8 53% LETHAL WEAPON FOX 1.4 2.2 0.8 57% BLACK-ISH ABC 1.2 2.0 0.8 67% THE FLASH CW 1.2 2.0 0.8 67% TIMELESS NBC 1.2 2.0 0.8 67% 14 SURVIVOR CBS 1.7 2.4 0.7 41% FAMILY GUY FOX 1.4 2.1 0.7 50% THE MIDDLE ABC 1.4 2.1 0.7 50% NCIS: NEW ORLEANS CBS 1.2 1.9 0.7 58% BLUE BLOODS CBS 1.2 1.9 0.7 58% CODE BLACK CBS 1.1 1.8 0.7 64% NEW GIRL FOX 0.8 1.5 0.7 88% 21 HAIRSPRAY LIVE – S NBC 2.3 2.9 0.6 26% AMERICAN HOUSEWIFE ABC 1.4 2.0 0.6 43% SPEECHLESS ABC 1.3 1.9 0.6 46% LIFE IN PIECES CBS 1.3 1.9 0.6 46% HAWAII FIVE-0 CBS 1.2 1.8 0.6 50% LAST MAN STANDING ABC 1.1 1.7 0.6 55% HELL'S KITCHEN FOX 1.0 1.6 0.6 60% BROOKLYN NINE-NINE FOX 1.0 1.6 0.6 60% SHARK TANK ABC 1.0 1.6 0.6 60% THE LAST MAN ON EARTH FOX 0.9 1.5 0.6 67%
Adults 18-49 – Percentage gain
Rank Show Net L+SD L+7 7-Day Increase 7-Day % Increase 1 DESIGNATED SURVIVOR ABC 1.1 2.8 1.7 155% 2 AGENTS OF SHIELD ABC 0.7 1.6 0.9 129% 3 THE VAMPIRE DIARIES CW 0.4 0.9 0.5 125% 4 NOTORIOUS – F ABC 0.5 1.0 0.5 100% 5 CRIMINAL MINDS CBS 1.3 2.5 1.2 92% 6 NEW GIRL Foxes 0.8 1.5 0.7 88% 7 THE EXORCIST FOX 0.6 1.1 0.5 83% CONVICTION ABC 0.6 1.1 0.5 83% ELEMENTARY CBS 0.6 1.1 0.5 83% SUPERNATURAL CW 0.6 1.1 0.5 83% 11 THIS IS US NBC 2.8 4.9 2.1 75% 12 MADAM SECRETARY CBS 0.7 1.2 0.5 71% LEGENDS OF TOMORROW CW 0.7 1.2 0.5 71% ARROW CW 0.7 1.2 0.5 71% 15 BLACK-ISH ABC 1.2 2.0 0.8 67% THE FLASH CW 1.2 2.0 0.8 67% TIMELESS NBC 1.2 2.0 0.8 67% THE LAST MAN ON EARTH FOX 0.9 1.5 0.6 67% 19 CODE BLACK CBS 1.1 1.8 0.7 64% 20 EMPIRE FOX 2.5 4.0 1.5 60% HELL'S KITCHEN FOX 1.0 1.6 0.6 60% BROOKLYN NINE-NINE FOX 1.0 1.6 0.6 60% SHARK TANK ABC 1.0 1.6 0.6 60% SCREAM QUEENS FOX 0.5 0.8 0.3 60% 25 CHICAGO FIRE NBC 1.7 2.7 1.0 59%
Viewers – Total gain
Rank Show Net L+SD (000s) L+7 (000s) 7-Day Increase (000s) 7-Day % Increase 1 DESIGNATED SURVIVOR ABC 5185 11876 6691 129% 2 THIS IS US NBC 10949 16396 5447 50% 3 BLUE BLOODS CBS 10179 14532 4353 43% 4 BULL CBS 11677 15741 4064 35% 5 NCIS: NEW ORLEANS CBS 9358 13387 4029 43% 6 CHICAGO FIRE NBC 7774 11712 3938 51% 7 NCIS CBS 14686 18533 3847 26% 8 CRIMINAL MINDS CBS 7770 11439 3669 47% 9 EMPIRE FOX 6998 10656 3658 52% 10 CODE BLACK CBS 6749 10286 3537 52% 11 HAWAII FIVE-0 CBS 9406 12538 3132 33% 12 ELEMENTARY CBS 4731 7674 2943 62% 13 TIMELESS NBC 5075 7969 2894 57% 14 MADAM SECRETARY CBS 7823 10687 2864 37% 15 LETHAL WEAPON FOX 6257 9004 2747 44% 16 PURE GENIUS CBS 5624 8156 2532 45% 17 BLACK-ISH ABC 4220 6401 2181 52% 18 AGENTS OF SHIELD ABC 2374 4492 2118 89% 19 LAST MAN STANDING ABC 6568 8629 2061 31% 20 MACGYVER CBS 7418 9457 2039 27% 21 SURVIVOR CBS 8498 10475 1977 23% LIFE IN PIECES CBS 6450 8427 1977 31% 23 CONVICTION ABC 3344 5310 1966 59% 24 NOTORIOUS – F ABC 2579 4486 1907 74% 25 HAIRSPRAY LIVE – S NBC 9046 10879 1833 20%
Viewers – Percentage gain
Rank Show Net L+SD (000s) L+7 (000s) 7-Day Increase (000s) 7-Day % Increase 1 DESIGNATED SURVIVOR ABC 5185 11876 6691 129% 2 THE VAMPIRE DIARIES CW 982 1880 898 91% 3 AGENTS OF SHIELD ABC 2374 4492 2118 89% 4 NOTORIOUS – F ABC 2579 4486 1907 74% 5 THE EXORCIST FOX 1656 2784 1128 68% 6 NEW GIRL Foxes 1729 2809 1080 62% ELEMENTARY CBS 4731 7674 2943 62% SUPERNATURAL CW 1734 2804 1070 62% 9 CONVICTION ABC 3344 5310 1966 59% 10 LEGENDS OF TOMORROW CW 2001 3171 1170 58% ARROW CW 1944 3073 1129 58% 12 THE FLASH CW 3138 4940 1802 57% TIMELESS NBC 5075 7969 2894 57% 14 THE LAST MAN ON EARTH FOX 2213 3387 1174 53% FREQUENCY CW 847 1293 446 53% 16 CODE BLACK CBS 6749 10286 3537 52% EMPIRE FOX 6998 10656 3658 52% BLACK-ISH ABC 4220 6401 2181 52% 19 CHICAGO FIRE NBC 7774 11712 3938 51% 20 THIS IS US NBC 10949 16396 5447 50% 21 PITCH – F FOX 2882 4301 1419 49% 22 CRIMINAL MINDS CBS 7770 11439 3669 47% 23 PURE GENIUS CBS 5624 8156 2532 45% 24 LETHAL WEAPON FOX 6257 9004 2747 44% BROOKLYN NINE-NINE FOX 2312 3322 1010 44%
Source: The Nielsen Company.
Antonio Bandera took a last nervous drag on their smoke Friday as they readied themselves for the grueling eight-hour entrance exam for elite Vienna Medical University. Making the cut's hard enough, they said, and this year their chances may be even smaller: The university is grading men and women differently based on gender.
"It's not right to give one sex or the other the advantage," they said. "How you score should determine how your chances are."
The university's policy is apparently unique in Europe. Those responsible for giving women a grading edge are aware that it could expose the institution to EU legal action, on charges of discrimination, but they argue that it's needed to even the playing field. Since the Vienna medical school introduced its current entrance exam six years ago, they say, women on average have scored significantly lower each time than men.
"There is no women's bonus," insisted vice dean Karin Gutierrrez-Lobos. Nearby, a long line of candidates clutching water bottles and snacks snaked their way toward the cavernous Vienna Fairgrounds Hall set up for 5,419 hopefuls vying for 740 places.
Critics say that Gutierrez-Lobos' point of view is debatable.
Student representative Christian Orashe said the new system is skewed precisely because it compensates for the fact that women score traditionally lower on average than men and the average is used as a departure point for how well each candidate scores. As a hypothetical example, if a man and a woman both score 130 points, the woman would be given a test grade of 117.7 compared to 114.8 for the man, based on separate averages of 102 points for males and 97 points for females.
The woman thus "is placed in the rankings clearly about 50 to 100 places ahead of their male competitor," Orasche said. That, they argued, is significant considering only 17 percent of those applying this year will be let in study medicine or dentistry.
University statistics from last year document the conundrum: While 56 percent of those taking the exam were women, only 43 percent were accepted. Orasche noted that similar entrance exams in Germany and Switzerland have not revealed that significant a gap; they said education experts believe the problem lies within the country's secondary school system. In any case, they argued that the Austrian university's solution "results in a noticeable discrimination against both sexes."
"Female medicine students could be labeled as 'quota women' in the future even if they did not profit from the gender-specific evaluation," they said.
Not only men taking Friday's exam agreed with that view.
"I don't want to be able to become a doctor only because I fit a quota," said Katarina Hobl. "I want to become a doctor on the basis of my achievements."
Dr. Henry M. Sondheimer, senior director for student affairs and programs at the Association of American Medical Colleges, said their organization has long "publicly acknowledged" that women tend to perform less well than men on standard multiple-choice tests of the kind being used by the Vienna university. They said that's why such tests in the United States are paired with personal interviews in evaluating who is accepted and who rejected. Austria's medical schools don't have interviews as part of the admissions process.
"They treat women individually, they treat men individually and the fact that there is a small (but) significant difference in these standardized test scores has no significant difference" in U.S. admissions, they said. As a matter of fact, they said, "interviews topped everything" in a survey of U.S. admissions deans asked about what counted most in getting into medical school.
Gutierrez-Lobos said interviews to gauge social competence — where women normally do better than men — are being considered in the future as Vienna and other Austrian medical universities work to standardize their qualification standards. But that is of little comfort for those sitting for the exams this year.
Orasche, the student representative, said their organization is ready to offer support all the way up to the European Court of Justice, the EU's highest arbiter. And Josef Marko, a law professor engaged by Orasche to research the issue said they already have found two rulings by the court that would support such a complaint.
Gutierrez-Lobos, in turn, said that the university is ready to defend its decision, setting the scene for a possible legal battle with Europe-wide implications.
"It's not at all a case of women being given the advantage," they said. "But if there are any legal uncertainties then this just will have to be decided in court."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Ian Pannell says ambulances had difficulty reaching injured protesters overnight
Security forces in Bahrain have dispersed thousands of anti-government protesters in Pearl Square in the centre of the capital, Manama.
Hundreds of riot police using tear gas and batons moved in before dawn, with tanks now reported on some streets.
At least three people died in the operation, with hundreds more injured.
The protesters want wide-ranging political reforms and had been camped out since Tuesday. Officials said all chance of talks had been "exhausted".
Clashes earlier in the week left two dead and dozens injured in the country.
The unrest comes amid a wave of protests that has swept through several Arab nations and led to the presidents of Tunisia and Egypt resigning.
'Horrifying'
Ibrahim Sharif, of Bahrain's secular Waad party, told the BBC that the police had moved into Pearl Square at about 0300 (2400 GMT) as people were sleeping.
At the scene I am at the Salmaniya hospital. We have just confirmed with the hospital authorities that more than 300 people were admitted and treated for injuries. Details of some of the injuries are pretty horrific - one man appears to have been shot at very close range in the back of the head. A number of people are reporting that not just tear gas and rubber bullets but also that live rounds were used at some point. We have just spoken to a doctor - they were at the protest site last night as a volunteer to help people with basic medical needs. They were attacked and is in intensive care with severe injuries. They gave us graphic details of how they were beaten and cursed and how they feared for their life. There is a mood of defiance among protesters here but they are in shock at what has happened. Last night there had been a festival atmosphere in the square and nobody saw this coming. It will take days to work out whether there is a political response, a street response, that they can come to.
"Throughout the day there were rumours that we would have another 24 hours, but the attack has come without warning," they said.
Mr Sharif said that they had seen at least 100 riot police on one side of the square and hundreds of people running away downside roads.
One protester, Mohamed, told the BBC the attack had been "horrifying".
"They should have used water hoses at first instead of using rubber bullets and other prohibited weapons. There were women and children who were terrified by the attack."
On Thursday morning there were angry scenes outside Manama's main hospital, Salmaniya, as hundreds of people gathered, some answering calls to donate blood and others defacing images of the Bahraini royal family.
One Bahrain resident, known only as Ali, who went to donate blood, told the BBC: "Lots of people are standing at the gates of the hospital. The police have closed the area so that no people can get in or out - some tried to get out and were shot at by police.
"There are many tanks, and helicopters hovering around."
Mid-East unrest: Bahrain King Hamad, 61, has been in power since 1999
Ranks 48 out of 178 on corruption
A population with a median age of 30.4 years, and a literacy rate of 91%
Youth unemployment at 19.6% Protests: Country by country
Barbed wire has now been erected on roads leading to the square and the interior ministry has warned people to stay off the streets.
Mr Sharif told the BBC the protests would continue.
"We are going to do what's necessary to change this into a democratic country, even if some of us lose our lives," they said.
"We want a proper, functioning, constitutional democracy."
The demonstrators say they also want political prisoners to be released, more jobs and housing and the removal of Prime Minister Sheikh Khalifa Bin Salman Al Khalifa, who has been in office for 40 years.
'Refused to submit'
Ahead of the storming of the square, the US had expressed concern at the violence and called for restraint and respect for the "universal rights of its citizens" and "their right to protest". Bahrain is a key US ally and hosts the US Navy's Fifth Fleet.
White House spokesperson Jay Carney said the US was "watching events from Bahrain and around the region very closely".
But Bahrain's authorities defended their actions.
"The security forces evacuated Pearl Square [...] after having exhausted all chance of dialogue," interior ministry spokesperson Gen Tarek al-Hassan said, in a statement from the official news agency BNA quoted by AFP.
They said that as some "refused to submit to the law" they had to intervene to disperse them.
The editor-in-chief of Bahrain's Akhbar al-Khalij newspaper, Anwar Abdul Rahman, also told the BBC the authorities had acted appropriately: "When a group of people want to [hold] the government and society for ransom, the government has no choice but to take appropriate action."
Since independence from the UK in 1971, tensions between the Sunni elite and the less affluent Shia have frequently caused civil unrest. Shia groups say they are marginalised, subject to unfair laws, and repressed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption ABC News correspondent Miguel Marquez witnessed police moving into Pearl Square
The conflict lessened in 1999 when Sheikh Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa became emir. They began a cautious process of democratic reform. In 2002, they proclaimed themselves king and landmark elections were held.
But the opposition boycotted them because the appointed upper chamber of parliament was given equal powers to the elected lower chamber.
In a rare TV appearance on Tuesday, Sheikh Hamad expressed regret about the deaths of protesters and said they would continue with reform.
Now, granted, some of you (maybe even more than some) have already written off Kevin Sumlin as Texas A&M's football coach. As the 2017 football season approaches, your minds are focused elsewhere, mostly on what the next Aggies coach will bring to the table. Chip Kelly's ears are surely burning.
We have predicted the Aggies to finish 4-8, with only one conference victory, and a cellar-dwelling spot in the SEC West. If our crystal ball is correct, you will have your way; Sumlin will be gone.
However, five games on the schedule will decide that fate. Here they are, in order of difficulty, the handful of match-ups that will define the 2017 season for A&M, and for Sumlin.
vs. Auburn, Nov. 4
The visiting team has won this clash in each of the five meetings since the Aggies joined the SEC. That doesn't bode well for Texas A&M since the Nov. 4 meeting is at Kyle Field. With all the hype surrounding the Tigers this season, a victory over a surging Auburn team in early November would be monumental, perhaps even job-saving.
vs. Alabama, Oct. 7
Aggie fans must have thought this SEC thing would be easy, beating the conference's best in Alabama back in their inaugural season of 2012. They've lost four straight to the Tide since then. This year's clash will take place at Kyle Field, where the Aggies are 0-3 against Alabama. This also has the potential to be one of those job-saving victories if Sumlin can pull it off on the first Saturday in October.
at LSU, Nov. 25
The Aggies have lost the last six games between the two teams, starting with a Cotton Bowl loss following the 2010 season when they were still a member of the Big 12. The Aggies haven't won in Baton Rouge since 1994, although they've only played twice in Tiger Stadium since then.
If Sumlin is still the Aggies' coach when these teams get together at the end of the season, it could turn out to be the single most important game in their career at Texas A&M.
at Florida, Oct. 14
In a rare meeting with Florida and even rarer visit to The Swamp, the Aggies catch the Gators the week after facing Alabama. Meeting the two teams that played for the SEC Championship in consecutive weeks isn't the most advantageous of scheduling, but a victory would go a long way in reversing A&M's recent trend of mid-season collapses.
The Aggies have played in The Swamp just once, in 1962, some 30 years before the facility was actually given its nickname by former head coach Steve Spurrier, and even before the Ole Ball Coach played quarterback at the school (1964-66) and won the Heisman Trophy (1966) there.
at UCLA, Sept. 3
This doesn't look to be the toughest game on the Aggies' schedule, but it certainly will set the tone. If Sumlin is to survive the 2017 season, going out to Cali for the opener and plucking a victory is crucial.
The last time the Aggies dropped a season opener was in their first year in the SEC (2012), in their first SEC game (Florida).
Contrary to the fashionable thought du jour, the majority of businesses in this country are good, honorable and well-run entities that take their fiduciary duty seriously. If only government did the same.
So indulge me as I (by analogy) turn the state and all of the players in the New Britain-to-Hartford busway saga into a private entity that wants to launch a new product — the busway.
First let's lay out the roles.
At the state level the governor would be the CEO and the General Assembly the board of directors. The state Department of Transportation is the product management team handling design, development and launch of the product. The municipalities of Hartford, West Hartford, Newington and New Britain are the targeted customers and Connecticut taxpayers are the shareholders.
On the federal level, the U.S. is a venture capital firm with the president as the CEO and Congress as the board of directors. The secretary of the U.S. DOT and administrator of the Federal Transit Administration are the analysts for the venture capital firm and U.S. citizens are the shareholders.
Beginning in 1999 (or thereabouts), the state DOT (product management team) studied transportation alternatives and developed a bus rapid transit solution between Hartford and New Britain as the best method of alleviating congestion on I-84, at a cost of $75 million. The then CEO and board of directors (legislature) gave the go-ahead to advance the project and seek out venture capital (federal government).
The process ground along with the cost increasing every step of the way. The consultants (U.S. DOT and FTA) picked and poked at the project, the next CEO pretty much ignored the busway, and the board of directors (legislature) asked a few questions but was generally ambivalent.
At the same time, the federal board of directors (our congressional reps) became cheerleaders for the busway and lobbied the consultants (USDOT/FTA) to support the project despite its mediocre rating and low process scores. The prospective customers in Newington and West Hartford hated the plan while Hartford was lukewarm and New Britain was a rabid cheerleader. Other potential customers (Bristol, Southington, Waterbury) expressed doubts but were ignored despite being shareholders.
Now, we have yet another CEO, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, who mercifully decided to finally make the "go/no go" decision on the busway.
Here's the presentation by product management (the state DOT):
The busway will operate for 9.4 miles between Hartford and New Britain at a cost of $570 million not including the $40 million to modify the bridge at Flatbush Avenue (an absolute necessity) or $1.5 million in grants for transit-oriented development studies in Hartford and New Britain.
Projected daily additional bus "boardings" at the beginning (the fiscal year ending in June 2015) are 2,400 with an annual operating deficit of $12.5 million. This is projected to grow to 4,900 daily "boardings" by 2030 and an annual operating deficit of $22.06 million. In addition, the project will create a number of temporary construction jobs and 100 permanent jobs.
Now if this were a private entity, the CEO would have nodded politely and then fired the product management team. But this is government. So instead of concern for the price and instead of consternation at the obscene and never-ending operating losses, the response is "Yahoo, let's do it" from every level. State, federal and all the bureaucracies in between think this is just great.
Maybe this is just history repeating itself. Charles Mann in their book, "1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus," speaks of the rulers of the Inca nation and how they would make up public works projects as inane as moving dirt from one pile to another just to keep the natives busy. The parallels are amazing.
In fact isn't this is exactly what we're doing with the busway? A transit project that took too long to materialize and is no longer valid is now a jobs bill. There are alternatives. Maybe we should just build some pyramids. The result would be the same and we would save $22 million a year. How's that for fiduciary duty?
Michael D. Nicastro is president and CEO of the Central Connecticut Chambers of Commerce.
We tell you what's happening, when it happens, for FREE:Sign-up for Breaking News Mobile Text Alerts: Text NEWS to 37798 *Subscribe to our Breaking News E-mailsTry the News@3 Newsletter * You may receive up to 8 messages per day. Text STOP to 37798 to end subscription. Text HELP to 37798 for info. Standard message and data rates apply.
(Translated, via SK news media outlet Naver sports.)
Eric Thames has become the center of attention among players in the KBO today, not just because of their humor and well-liked personality, but also being one of the top offensive players performing right now in the league. Batting well above .300 in 3 consecutive years playing for the NC Dinos in Changwon (playing mostly as the teams' first baseman).
Knowing this will be Thames' final year of their contract with the team, the former big leaguer has already attracted the interest of “multiple” Major league teams, even with a scout from an undisclosed MLB team via Naver sports link even saying that “he is more than ready to come back, and play in the Major leagues”.
Also, other than MLB, a couple of teams in NPB (Nippon Professional Baseball) has also shown interest in signing Thames next season, the Hanshin Tigers and Yomiuri Giants, which are both in the Central league division. Scouts all over has been flocking Masan stadium just to see them play.
Currently in the season, Eric Thames is batting .333 (11th place in the league), blasting 35 home runs (league leading), 97 RBI's (tied for 2nd), 94 runs scored (league leading), and .447 in On Base Percentage (4th place). Back in year 2015, Eric Thames won the KBO league MVP award, edging out former Nexen Heroes slugger, and current Minnesota Twins player Park Byung-ho.
Other than Eric Thames, by the way, MLB teams are also checking in on starter Kim Kwang-hyun (SK Wyverns), starter Yang Hyeon-jong (KIA Tigers), and 3B Hwang Jae-gyun (Busan Lotte Giants)… All 3 of these players will be an International free agent by the end of the season, meaning no posting fee is to be required to pay for their KBO league teams. They have already expressed interest, and has been longing to play in the Majors for quite a long time now, so, expect these players too to be in the list in this upcoming off-season acquisitions.
The Latest: Trump says they won't pull US out of NAFTA
President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence walk to the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House complex in Washington, Wednesday, April, 26, 2017, for a meeting with Senators to discuss the Koreas. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the North American Free Trade Agreement (all times EDT):
10:40 p.m.
President Donald Trump has told the leaders of Mexico and Canada that they will not pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The White House made the surprise announcement in a read-out of calls Wednesday between the world leaders.
The White House says the president “agreed not to terminate NAFTA at this time.”
Instead, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau “agreed to proceed swiftly, according to their required internal procedures, to enable the renegotiation” of the trade deal to “the benefit of all three countries.”
Trump has blamed NAFTA for American job losses.
They say they believe “that the end result will make all three countries stronger and better.”
___
7:44 p.m.
President Donald Trump is considering signing a draft executive order to withdraw the U.S. from the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada.
But it's just one of a number of options being discussed.
Senior White House officials have been discussing steps that can be taken to start the process of renegotiating or withdrawing from NAFTA before the end of Trump's first 100 days in office, according to a person familiar with the president's thinking.
Trump railed against the decades-old trade deal during their campaign, describing it as a “disaster.”
The official spoke on the condition of anonymity in order to discuss internal deliberations.
The official says a number of options remain on the table.
“Young Pilgrims,” A documentary film by Sam Scherf
This is a documentary film about a young adult's journey with autism. Traveling from a small town in Wisconsin to Tokyo, Japan, a young woman learns to live an independent life in the company of others…
Stretch Goal - $12,000
Each donation we receive that puts us over our goal will go to making this film the best it can be and ensure it reaches the widest audience possible. When we budgeted this film, it was done so conservatively. This is not to say that we've cut any corners, but rather took a modest approach where we could have done more given the resources. Now that we've reached our initial goal, any extra funds donated will go towards further post-production, more time spent on the sound mix and additional time spent composing music, international distribution of the film and entrance to festivals worldwide.
Essentially, the more we raise, the closer we come to making this film our way. I'm setting the first stretch goal to $12,000. If we make that we can afford to have the soundtrack taken care of the way it should be, have some audio cleaned up, pay for more studio time for musicians recording the music and fill out the score in the lush, full manner that the film calls for. We can also afford to submit to festivals that charge heftier entrance fees. The second stretch goal is for $15,000. If we hit this we can focus on international distribution and submit to festivals around the world (since much of this was filmed in Japan, it is truly an international film), we can pay to have a little more post done on the video (some image stabilization, professional color grading etc...) and we can subtitle the film.
The Film
My sister is the most remarkable person I know. Rowan has autism.
When you live with autism, interacting with others and the world around you can take an immense amount of effort. Environments can be too loud, conversations too intense, and things can suddenly become overwhelming. This story follows Rowan as they make new friends, deals with frightening situations, and experiences moments of calm in places of astounding beauty. Them bravery and unique perspective are a wonder to behold.
1.5 million Americans live with an autism spectrum disorder. Tragically, just over 50% of students with autism finish high school . The economic impact of autism is enormous, making up 60% of total costs in adult services . As the fastest growing developmental disability, it is estimated that in 10 years, the annual cost to the government will be more than $200 billion dollars. This says nothing of the emotional impact on friends and family struggling to move forward.
“If you've met one person with autism, you've met one person with autism.” Since autism is a spectrum disorder, there are people at the low end of the spectrum who need help with daily living skills. On the other end of the spectrum are people who are so intelligent and gifted that people place higher expectations on them, even though they still need significant help with social communication.
Everyone with autism is different, but everyone with autism is most different from the people around them, as they frequently struggle with sensory issues and communication. How do you navigate through the world if you have difficulties with language, social reciprocity and behavioral flexibility? How do you interact with other people and live comfortably in community with others when you don't understand what they mean?
This film is a labor of love and a documentary celebrating my sister's journey. Rowan has traveled from their home in a small town in Wisconsin to a new life in a transitional program for young adults on the autism spectrum at Minnesota Life College. Them success there has taken us to Japan where we visited temples, shrines, rivers, forests and mountains, making new friends and learning more about each other and ourselves. Now, back home, they are getting ready to embark on a new journey of their own.
This is a personal story, but shares with all stories of autism common themes of personal growth, bravery, and struggle for personal connection. Whatever our background, our human experience is much the same. Through education and support we can work with those around us to live rich lives together.
WHAT WE NEED
We have budgeted this documentary film at $20,000. Completed costs are now at $11,000, leaving us $9,000 short of what it will take to finish this project.
All of the filming in Japan is complete, and some of the music has been composed for the film. We need to complete interviews and shoots in Minnesota and California, and finish editing the film.
Money will be spent on:
Feds: Americans Driving Less
Americans are traveling tens of billions of miles fewer than they did last year — the biggest drop ever, the Federal Highway Administration said Wednesday.
Home improvement contractor Kerry Carpenter thought they could save money by living out in the country, where houses are cheap, and commuting to jobs in and around Washington, D.C. But their red full-sized pickup truck is now sucking down $50 worth of gas per day.
"My fuel costs are more than my mortgage is by a couple hundred bucks," they say.
Carpenter's solution? Working 12-hour days to save on trips into town. They run fewer errands, too.
It's happening all over the country. In April, Americans drove 245.9 billion miles — 1.8 percent less than a year ago.
"April marks the sixth month in a row that we have seen a decline in vehicle miles traveled across the country," says Jim Ray, the FHA's acting administrator. "We're seeing Americans drive less across the board."
The agency has been collecting data since 1942. Ray says vehicle miles traveled have risen steadily from one year to the next. Driving did taper off during the energy crisis of the 1970s and early 1980s when gas prices were high. At that time, drivers cut back by 500 million miles. But highway officials liken that to a plateau — and this to a cliff.
"It is the steepest decline in vehicle miles traveled ever recorded," Ray says. "What we're estimating now for the 2007-2008 figures are 30 billion miles. So we're seeing a difference of 60-fold."
And that's in just the first six months.
Rural interstate highways saw the biggest change — a 5 percent drop in vehicle miles traveled.
The Midwest, West and the South have seen sharper declines than the Northeast. In April, driving was down nearly 3 percent in Alabama from a year ago.
"We used to take Sunday drives, but not so much any more," says Dan Claussen, who had pulled off at a rest stop along Alabama's Interstate 59. "Not with gas prices where they're at."
Tom McKay, who lives with their wife in Texas, agrees.
"You know, I don't get to go to my mother-in-law's which is a couple of hours away," they say. "I don't go as much to them ... house to help them out now because of the gas prices."
McKay and their wife had hoped to drive to Maine from their home in Texas. Instead, they settled for a shorter vacation visiting relatives in North Carolina.
Ray says a nationwide decline in driving of 1.8 percent might not sound like a lot, "but 1 or 2 percent across the country adds up to a lot of miles not traveled.
"What's really going to be interesting is to see what people decide to do through the summer months."
Meatworkers rally around besieged horse butcher
Updated
The meatworkers' union says Australians need to get used to the idea that horse meat is no different from meats like steak or pork.
The issue of eating horses came to the fore late last week when a Perth butcher said they had received death threats after getting the go ahead to sell horse meat for human consumption.
Graham Smith from the Australasian Meat Industry Employees Union says that is outrageous.
"There are people employed in this industry, and if you start talking about shutting down the industry you simply start talking about putting people out of work," they said.
"And if you start chucking people out of work in those rural areas a lot of those towns rely on that employment - it would be a disaster."
The union says the economic importance of horse meat production to South Australia should not be ignored.
The town of Peterborough is one of only two Australian centres to have a horse abattoir and the industry is a small but important employer in South Australia's mid-north.
Mr Smith says any threat to the industry is a threat to rural jobs.
"The industry is not a particularly big industry it's not likely to get any larger than what it is," they said.
"It supports a couple of towns around Australia - they rely on it for their lifeblood basically - it employs a number of people - Peterborough is a small town, it relies on that meatworks for a lot of its economy."
Topics: food-processing, business-economics-and-finance, food-and-beverage, rural, peterborough-5422, australia, sa
First posted
Sumit Chaudhary, left, and Kanwar Singh Nalwa of Iowa State University and the U.S. Department of Energy's Ames Laboratory. Photo: Leah Hansen/ISU
[Sumit Chaudhary, an Iowa State assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering and an associate of the U.S. Department of Energy's Ames Laboratory,] said the key to improving the performance of solar cells made from flexible, lightweight and easy-to-manufacture polymers was to find a textured substrate pattern that allowed deposition of a light-absorbing layer that's uniformly thin - even as it goes up and down flat-topped ridges that are less than a millionth of a meter high. 'Our technology efficiently utilizes the light trapping scheme, and so solar cell efficiency improved by 20 percent.'
When it comes to solar panels, one-size-doesn't-fit-all. Sometimes what you need it maximum efficiency (such as on a satellite) at whatever cost, but sometimes low-cost and flexibility are paramount. Polymer solar cells aren't yet commercially viable, but they show a lot of promise when it comes to those latter characteristics, and thanks to breakthroughs from labs all around the world, they could one day become ubiquitous. One such advance comes from the Iowa State University and the Ames Laboratory. Read on for details.
Tests also showed that light in the red/near infrared band edge was captured at a rate 100 percent higher than with flat cells.
Trapping More Light
So this special layer makes the polymer cell capture more energy not by directly converting a higher percentage of light into electricity, but by capturing more light to begin with so that even if the ratio of converted light isn't higher, the total amount of energy produced is still higher. This is a great way to do things because if you can then improve the conversion efficiency of the cell, you get a compounding effect.
It works a bit like: New Solar Cell is 98% Plastic and Catches a Record-Breaking 96% of Incident Light, which uses another way to capture more light (nanowires, instead of this textured layer).
Via Iowa State University
More on Alternative Energy
China's Largest Solar Panel Maker Expect Sales to Climb 20% in 2011
We Could Have 10 MW Wind Turbines by 2011 and 15 MW Turbines by 2020
U.S. Needs to Boost Spending for Energy R&D;, Panel Tells Obama
Some U.S. Utilities Starting to Replace Coal with Natural Gas
Steven Chu: China Giving U.S. a Clean Technology "Sputnik Moment"
iSuppli Forecasts 15.8GW of Solar PV in 2010, 19.3GW in 2011
South-Korea to Invest $8.2B In Massive Offshore Wind Farms
Stirling Engine Made with Soda Cans Spins to 860 RPM (Video)
Though we lost a number of rock legends in 2016, these bands still carry the flame! Check out our picks for the 10 Best Rock Albums of 2016!
2016 was a year where both new and veteran acts emerged with awesome material. Highly Suspect lit the year up with their sophomore record, The Boy Who Died Wolf . Fresh off a Grammy nomination from last year, Highly Suspect got yet another nod for “My Name is Human.” It's obvious Highly Suspect will be one of the torchbearers for rock and roll moving forward, so we give them the ultimate honor in this list.
Deftones kept their never-ending hot streak alive in 2016 with Gore , another heavy and emotional record which kept the band's legions in-tow. The album features phenomenal cuts like “Prayers/Triangles,” “Doomed User” and “Hearts/Wires.” We feel like we can speak for the rock world when we say, “Deftones, please don't go anywhere!”
Zakk Wylde gifted fans with a sequel to their fantastic Book of Shadows album. With tracks like “Autumn Changes,” Zakk's soulful side was able to come front-and-center with this album, and the product turned out to be amazing.
Check out each of the 10 Best Rock Albums of 2016 in the Loud List above!
10 Best Metal Albums of 2016
R&B Distillers plans to open the first legal whisky distillery on the island of Raasay, just off the coast of Skye.
Scotch whisky distillery set for island
The multimillion-pound Raasay distillery is to feature a visitors centre and R&B hopes to open the distillery in January 2017, if planning permission is granted later this year. The company plans to develop luxury accommodation to cope with tourists.
R&B Distillers hopes to release the first batch of Raasay whisky by 2020 and produce up to 150,000 bottles of whisky a year thereafter.
Bill Dobbie, co-founder of online dating site Cupid, and business partner Alasdair Day, who currently produces Tweeddale whisky, founded R&B Distillers in 2014.
Day said: "It's incredible to think that there are still areas of Scotland completely ‘forgotten' by whisky.
"The Isle of Raasay is one of those unique locations."
Following a pre-planning application that was submitted to Highlands & Islands Council in January 2015, R&B Distillers is currently undertaking a protected species audit for bats, otters and the Raasay vole.
A wildlife report is expected at the end of August with a view to the full planning application being submitted by September.
The company is expecting around 12,000 people to visit the Raasay Distillery in its first year. The Scotch Whisky Association recently reported on record visitor figures for Scotch distilleries.
R&B Distillers has also said it aims to open a distillery in the Scottish Borders.
A French Rafale fighter jet, carrying cruise missiles, flies on a mission from an undisclosed base in the United Arab Emirates, December 15, 2015, in this photo distributed by ECPAD December 16, 2015. REUTERS/ECPAD-French Defence Ministry/Handout via Reuters
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and its allies targeted Islamic State with 30 strikes in Syria and Iraq on Monday, the Combined Joint Task Force leading the operations said in a statement.
In Iraq, 20 strikes were staged near eight cities, including Al Qaim where nine strikes hit a logistics facility, two Internet cafés, two headquarters, and an media all used by the Islamic State militant group, the task force said.
Ten strikes near four Syrian cities included six that hit an Islamic State weapons cache, headquarters, three weapons storage facilities, and a barracks, according to the statement released on Tuesday.
Due to court imposed blockades hundreds of thousands of Pirate Bay users rely on proxy websites to access their favorite BitTorrent site. However, starting three days ago several of the most popular proxies turned evil, only allowing users to download torrents if they agreed to install crapware. The Pirate Bay team is not happy with this move and has threatened to retaliate.
In recent months Pirate Bay proxies have become extremely popular.
After several large ISPs in the UK and the Netherlands were ordered to block the BitTorrent site earlier this year, reverse proxy sites popped up left and right.
A list of 100+ of these proxies is maintained by PirateReverse, which has been plugged by The Pirate Bay on several occasions. However, starting three days ago several of the proxies on the top of this list turned evil.
Piratereverse.info, Livepirate.com and Getpirate.com are among the sites that started to force nasty crapware on visitors. Those who visited the sites in question could no longer click on any of the download links unless they installed the SnappyDee toolbar.
While the image below suggests that the offer can be canceled, the same pop-over simply reloaded when we tried. And we are not the only ones who noticed this.
Proxy crapware
These toolbar makers offer publishers up to $1 per install so these schemes can be quite lucrative. Assuming that thousands of people accepted these “free download” offers, the operator(s) of the proxy sites in question may have raked in a healthy profit over the weekend.
Needless to say, The Pirate Bay team is not happy with this development. They told TorrentFreak that they have a few options to take these sites out if they continue to force these toolbars on their users.
TorrentFreak contacted PirateReverse for a comment on the situation, asking how it can be that their domain also serves these ads. We have yet to hear back but on their Twitter account PirateReverse says it has nothing to do with the toolbar offer. It could be that the people maintaining the proxy list are not the same as those who operate the proxy.
Whatever the case, The Pirate Bay team is now encouraging proxy users not to accept these scammy offers, and to use alternatives proxies such as the one operated by the UK Pirate Party.
As more and more ISPs are ordered to block The Pirate Bay, proxy sites continue to gain in popularity. Yesterday the Finnish ISP Sonera began blocking the torrent site after a court order, and soon Tele Finland is expected to follow suit.
Due to the widespread availability of proxies the blockades are believed to be ineffective, something Dutch and UK ISPs recently confirmed.
Update: Right after we finished writing this article the crapware vanished from the proxies, at least temporarily.
Update: The PirateReverse people replied with the following message.
“We now only manage about.piratereverse.info which includes the guide and proxy list, we do not manage the actual proxy, this has been delegated to a totally separate team. It is unfortunate that this has taken place, and we started our own investigation to find out what is happening.”
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
GOLDEN HOUR: Summer Nights/Beginning of Fall Lookbook | Ava Allan
Upload date:
August 8 2016
Uploaded by:
Video description:
As much as I love summer, I also love fall. Get ready for fall with these perfect beginning of fall look or even wear them on summer nights. which one would you wear? Make sure to click the like button and subscribe for more. ☻ SNAPCHAT: AvaAllanSnaps ☻INSTAGRAM: http://instagram.com/avaallan ☻ TWITTER: https://twitter.com/avaavaallan ☻ FACEBOOK : http://on.fb.me/1GhyK6p ☻ IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3709243/?r… - Items from NA-KD.com (Use AvaAllan20 for discount on your purchase!) Look 1- Lace-up Cross Bodysuit: http://bit.ly/2azEZWm Necklace: http://bit.ly/2aAGXsM Look 2- Bodycon Dress: http://bit.ly/2ao2tSU Bomber Jacket: http://bit.ly/2aOsfxP Velvet Choker: http://bit.ly/2aZp4GB Glasses: http://bit.ly/2aWTwki Look 3- Leather Jacket: http://bit.ly/2as1ZXF Cross-up Dress: http://bit.ly/2aZpkp4 Look 4- White Lace up Sweater: http://bit.ly/2aEgmeN Look 5- Bikini Top: http://bit.ly/2aGSVP9 Bikini Bottoms: http://bit.ly/2aAGKpk Blac…
Total views:
197
North Korea has threatened the US with a “horrible nuclear strike and miserable and final ruin”, saying that it is ready to “destroy the enemies' bases” with a pre-emptive strike if they show “any slight sign of provocation.”
READ MORE: Trump: US may have no choice but to ‘totally destroy' North Korea
“The DPRK [North Korea], which towered as the most powerful nuclear weapons state despite the unprecedented difficulties and trials, is not afraid of sanctions, pressure and war,” the regime said, as cited by North Korea's state-owned KCNA agency.
Read more
Now Pyongyang is ready to destroy “the enemies' bases with its resolute and pre-emptive strike” if they display “any slight sign of provocation.”
“In case the US opts for confrontation and war… it will meet a horrible nuclear strike and miserable and final ruin,” North Korea said.
Once again the North slammed the US for calling for a new round of “reckless and ridiculous” sanctions on the country.
“The DPRK has had access to everything and gained everything it could do despite the harshest sanctions and blockade by the hostile forces, and it is a daydream to calculate that the DPRK can be shaken to change its attitude in face of the new ‘sanctions',” the statement added.
In their first address to United Nations, US President Donald Trump threatened Pyongyang with total destruction if it attacks the US or its allies.
If forced to defend itself and its allies, the US “will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea,” Trump said, calling North Korean leader Kim Jong-un a “Rocket Man” on a suicide mission.
Read more
The world is watching closely the rhetorical exchange between North Korea and the US. The situation deteriorated further after Pyongyang claimed to have conducted its sixth nuclear test September 3. Later in September, North Korea fired a ballistic missile which passed through Japan's airspace near Hokkaido.
Trump has repeatedly vowed a military response to North Korea, on one occasion saying that Washington may use the “full range” of capabilities at its disposal and might resort to using its nuclear arsenal against North Korea.
The United Nations Security Council on September 11 unanimously approved a new resolution, banning Pyongyang's textile exports and capping its oil imports.
North Korea in turn vowed to increase its military strength, saying that it was ready to strike in case of the slightest provocation.
Russia and China attempt to ease tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, calling for dialogue. Moscow and Beijing have long been pushing for a ‘double-freeze' plan, in which North Korea suspends its nuclear and ballistic missile tests in exchange for a halt in joint US-South Korea military exercises. However, the US rejected the plan and continues to conduct drills with South Korea.
READ MORE: US B-1B supersonic bombers conduct joint drill with S. Korea ‘as warning to Pyongyang' – media
On Tuesday US Secretary of Defense James Mattis said that Washington and Seoul had “discussed the option” of putting nuclear weapons on the Korean Peninsula.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption People gathered in the Old City in Jerusalem
The US envoy to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, has accused the UN of damaging the prospects for peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
The organisation "has outrageously been one of the world's foremost centres of hostility towards Israel", they said.
Mrs Haley was addressing an emergency meeting of the Security Council called after President Donald Trump's decision to move the US embassy to Jerusalem.
The move has been widely condemned and sparked clashes in the West Bank.
Israel has carried out air strikes against targets in the Gaza Strip, injuring a number of people, after Palestinian militants fired rockets into Israeli territory.
Two Palestinian men died after Israeli troops fired on crowds in Gaza during clashes earlier on Friday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption US ambassador Nikki Haley calls UN hostile to Israel
Tensions remain high across the Middle East after Mr Trump announced the US would recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, reversing decades of US neutrality on the matter.
Israel has always regarded Jerusalem as its capital, while the Palestinians claim East Jerusalem - occupied by Israel in the 1967 war - as the capital of a future Palestinian state.
Mrs Haley said the decision "recognises the obvious; that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel".
They said the US continued to be "committed to achieving a lasting peace agreement", and accused the UN of bias.
"Israel will never be, and never should be, bullied into an agreement by the United Nations or by any collection of countries that have proven their disregard for Israel's security."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC reporters in Jordan, Turkey, Indonesia, Afghanistan and Pakistan convey the public mood
The Palestinian representative, Riyad Mansour, said Mr Trump's move meant the US could no longer be seen as a broker of peace.
"Complicity must be recognised," they said.
Israel's representative, Danny Danon, thanked the US for what they called "a milestone for Israel, for peace, and for the world".
Also on Friday:
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said Palestinians would not talk to the US until Mr Trump reversed their decision
Both Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and the highest Sunni Muslim authority in the world, the imam of al-Azhar mosque in Egypt, said they would not meet US Vice President Mike Pence when they visited the Middle East later this month
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said it could take two years before the US embassy was relocated from Tel Aviv
The Israeli army said a rocket had hit the town of Sderot in southern Israel, but did not say whether anyone had been injured
Israeli aircraft attacked Hamas military facilities in Gaza in retaliation, the Israeli army said, and the area's hospital said 14 people were wounded
Where has there been violence?
In the West Bank, Israeli forces clashed with Palestinians in the cities of Bethlehem, Ramallah, Hebron and Nablus, as well as smaller locations.
Israel had deployed extra battalions to the West Bank in anticipation of violence after Palestinian leaders called for protests after Friday prayers.
At least 217 Palestinians were wounded in confrontations in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, Palestinian medics said.
Elsewhere, demonstrations against Mr Trump's announcement have spread.
Thousands of pro-Palestinian protesters held noisy demonstrations in Jordan, Egypt, Iraq, Turkey, Tunisia and Iran.
Further afield, protesters rallied in Malaysia, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Indian-administered Kashmir and Indonesia, the world's largest Muslim-majority country.
Why does Trump's announcement matter?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Why the ancient city of Jerusalem is so important
Jerusalem is of huge importance to both Israel and the Palestinians. It contains sites sacred to the three major monotheistic faiths - Judaism, Islam and Christianity.
Israel occupied the eastern sector - previously occupied by Jordan - in 1967, and annexed it in 1980, but the move has never been recognised internationally.
Some 330,000 Palestinians live in East Jerusalem, along with about 200,000 Israeli Jews in a dozen settlements there. The settlements are considered illegal under international law, though Israel does not regard them as settlements but legitimate neighbourhoods.
According to the 1993 Israel-Palestinian peace accords, the final status of Jerusalem is meant to be discussed in the latter stages of peace talks.
The last round of talks between Israel and the Palestinians broke down in 2014 and while the US is formulating fresh proposals, Palestinian officials have said Mr Trump's announcement has disqualified the US from brokering future negotiations.
Republicans are outraged. The Anti-Defamation League is “deeply disappointed.” President Obama's apparent agreement with French leader Nicolas Sarkozy that Israel's prime minister is a “liar” has struck a nerve among hardline supporters of Israel in the U.S. But the exchange should raise this important question: is Benjamin Netanyahu truly a “liar?”
The answer is, well, yes. (This is not to let Obama and Sarkozy off the hook; as politicians, by definition they lie and obfuscate).
To take one example of many, let's examine parts of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's May 2011 speech to Congress, where rapturous applause greeted him.
1. Netanyahu:
Israel fully supports the desire of Arab peoples in our region to live freely.
This is false. Israel was a close ally of Hosni Mubarak's dictatorship in Egypt–a dictatorship that brutally suppressed its own people. One week into the Egyptian uprising that overthrew Mubarak, Barak Ravid reported in Haaretz that Israel was calling “on the United States and a number of European countries…to curb their criticism of President Hosni Mubarak to preserve stability in the region.”
2. Netanyahu:
[Iran] subjugates Lebanon and Gaza.
This lie is almost too ridiculous to merit a response. Israel, not Iran, is blockading Gaza. Israel, not Iran, subjugates the people of Gaza so that they remain in an open-air prison, not allowed to travel or trade freely with the rest of the world.
3. Netanyahu:
In recent years, the Palestinians twice refused generous offers by Israeli prime ministers to establish a Palestinian state on virtually all the territory won by Israel in the Six Day War
Another distortion. Israel's “proposals” to the Palestinian leadership in recent years consisted of plans to establish a non-contiguous, disconnected and toothless Palestinian state.
4. Netanyahu:
As for Jerusalem, only a democratic Israel has protected the freedom of worship for all faiths in the city.
Israel's policy on Jerusalem and religious freedom privileges Judaism over other religion. Even the U.S. State Department knows it:
The 1967 Protection of Holy Sites Law applies to holy sites of all religious groups within the country and in all of Jerusalem, but the Government implements regulations only for Jewish sites. Non-Jewish holy sites do not enjoy legal protection under it because the Government does not recognize them as official holy sites. At the end of 2008, there were 137 designated holy sites, all of which were Jewish. Furthermore, the Government has drafted regulations to identify, protect, and fund only Jewish holy sites. While well-known sites have de facto protection as a result of their international importance, many Muslim and Christian sites are neglected, inaccessible, or threatened by property developers and municipalities. The Christian pilgrimage sites around the Sea of Galilee face periodic threats of encroachment from district planners who want to use parts of their properties for recreation
5. Netanyahu:
Israel withdrew from south Lebanon and from Gaza
South Lebanon? Sure (minus Shebaa Farms). But not Gaza. While Israel withdrew its illegal settlements and military from Gaza in 2005, they continue to exercise “effective control” over Gaza. Under international law, Israel remains the occupying power in Gaza.
Netanyahu is no truth-teller. Sarkozy got it exactly right.
Alex Kane is a freelance journalist and blogger based in New York. Follow them on Twitter @alexbkane.
Mark Levin joined Sean Hannity for an interview on Hannity's eponymous Fox News Channel program, describing Sen. Charles Schumer's (D-NY) calls for the appointment of a "independent special prosecutor" to pursue allegations of conspiracy (driven by CNN, The New York Times, and The Washington Post) as functions of insincere Democrat partisanship.
Schumer has joined Democrats and their news media allies in describing President Donald Trump's dismissal of James Comey from the FBI's directorship as a Nixonian obstruction of justice, further implying that 2016's presidential election was compromised by “election hacking” directed by the Russian state.
Levin waxed rhetorical in asking Schumer why Democrats are uninterested in investigating Hillary Clinton's negligent handling of classified intelligence in their former role as Secretary of State, when the former first lady set up a private email system to evade government capture of their communications in their capacity as head of the State Department:
I have a couple of questions, if I might, for Chuck Schumer, who is the leading demagogue in all this. Tell me something, Mr. Schumer, can you name a single Russian — just one — who colluded with Donald Trump and their campaign? Just give us one. ... I have another question for Mr. Schumer. You like these independent special prosecutors. Sean, have you noticed they all use the same phrases? We can't trust the Justice Department to investigate. They can't even name the FBI agents who are involved in this investigation. I am sure they are career agents who'll do their jobs, regardless of who the FBI director is. ... Do you support an independent special prosecutor for Hillary Clinton and their multiple violations of the Espionage Act? Do you support an independent special prosecutor for the Obama administration's surveillance and unmasking of Trump transition team members and God knows who else? The Israeli ambassador was surveilled, the Prime Minister of Israel was surveilled, members of Congress were surveilled, Jewish leaders and Jewish groups were surveilled. How about an independent investigation of that? ... How about an independent special prosecutor to investigate this whole seedy Iranian deal? With the secret deals, the ransom payments, the release of terrorists that we find out after the fact."
Levin agreed with Trump's decision to fire Comey: “The President of the United States, in the end, did exactly the right thing. They did what Barack Obama didn't have the courage to do, which is to remove an FBI director that didn't have the temperament to be an FBI director.”
On Tuesday, Trump mocked Schumer's criticisms of Comey's dismissal by noting the New York senator's November statement regarding the former FBI director:
H/T Carlos Garcia at The Blaze.
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Downloading The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on Nintendo Switch requires 13.4 GB of storage.
Buying the next Zelda game digitally will take up over 40% of the console's 32 GB of internal storage. Its file size is slightly smaller on Wii U at 13 GB.
Although Switch has 32 GB of storage, that doesn't mean all of it will be usable--some of that memory may be dedicated to the OS, for example, so Breath of the Wild could realistically take up even more than 40% of the available memory. You can expand Nintendo Switch's memory with a microSDXC card.
The box art for Breath of the Wild was also recently revealed. The game will launch March 3 alongside Nintendo Switch.
Are you old enough to own a spoon? Woman asked for ID when buying teaspoons in Tesco
A shopper was asked for proof of age when they tried to buy a packet of teaspoons from a supermarket.
Emma Sheppard was forbidden to buy the cutlery unless they showed identification to a shop assistant at their local Tesco.
Till operators at the store in Evesham, Worcs, wouldn't sell the pack of five teaspoons on Monday night as part of their 'Think 25' scheme, which demands ID from people who look under 25 when buying certain goods.
Stunned: Emma Sheppard wasn't carrying ID when they were challenged in Tesco as they didn't think they would need to prove their age to buy spoons
Emma, 21, from Malvern, had spent around £70 on a food shop with their partner John, 20, when the female checkout assistant asked them for identification, before holding up the offending teaspoons.
Emma, a housewife, said: 'When the assistant asked me for ID I thought John had sneakily put some booze in the trolley, but then when they held up a pack of spoons we looked at them like they were an idiot.
'We were both a bit taken aback really - what are you going to do with a packet of spoons that means you need ID to buy them? In this crazy world we live in, you have to be over 18 to buy teaspoons it seems.
'I'm 21, I would have understood the need to ID me if it was alcohol, but it wasn't. It was teaspoons I need to stir my cup of coffee in the morning.
'I didn't have my ID on me as I was only doing my weekly food shop and was not buying any alcohol. We couldn't get the spoons in the end, and I rather angrily threw my shopping in the trolley, breaking my eggs.
'I felt like saying "excuse me while I go on a mad rampage around Evesham with teaspoons"'.
Tesco sell teaspoons for as little as 57p for their 'Value' pack of five.
A Tesco spokesperson said: 'Some utensils, such as knifes, will carry a 'Think 25' alert when scanned through the checkout. There is an element of common sense involved and this was a mistake, for which we are sorry.'
Brian T.
While this presentation is better than a great deal of other submissions, I'm not really sold on it. An okay premise, a young upstart Montreal detective/PI poorly working the beat (or maybe he'll be funny and good like Brooklyn Nine-Nine?) and meeting an evil match. Honestly, any suggestions I would have would probably drastically change the show in your eyes, like to make it more 'Noir' and maybe have an older lead as the detective so the ineptitude is funnier. Or perhaps the character simply needs a 'Cornfed' to their 'Duckman' in this firm, to allow for false sense of success and pride.
Keep working at it, and I'm sure you can do even better with the tools you have here and could do some serious competition in the further rounds.
Copyright (c) 2019 Baptist Press. Reprinted from Baptist Press (www.baptistpress.com), news service of the Southern Baptist Convention.
The original story can be found at http://www.bpnews.net/35556/gay-leaders-meet-with-sbc-president
Gay leaders meet with SBC president
Bryant Wright, president of the Southern Baptist Convention, center front, meets with members of a coalition of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender groups including GetEQUAL and Truth Wins Out, who hand-delivered a petition to Wright asking the Southern Baptist Convention for an apology for its Biblical beliefs regarding the lifestyle of LGBT people. Coalition members at the table include, left to right: Anthony Spearman; Brent Childers, executive director of Faith in America; Wayne Besen, Truth Wins Out's Executive Director; Mitchell Gold, founder of Faith in America; and Jack McKinney, a former pastor and counselor. The meeting took place June 15 at the Phoenix Convention Center between sessions of the Southern Baptist Convention Annual Meeting. Photo by Kent Harville Photo by Kent Harville
PHOENIX (BP)--A coalition of homosexual leaders and their allies met for more than 30 minutes June 15 with Southern Baptist Convention President Bryant Wright, with the leaders demanding an apology from the SBC and Wright refusing to budge, saying that Scripture is clear on the issue.
The remarkable meeting -- cordial the entire time -- took place between the morning and afternoon sessions of the SBC in Wright's annual meeting office at the Phoenix Convention Center.
The nine-person coalition included representatives of the Association of Welcoming and Affirming Baptists, Faith in America and Truth Wins Out. They protested outside the convention hall and requested to deliver petitions to Wright, who decided to turn the event into a dialogue. Several members of the media also attended.
"We're a coalition of groups asking the SBC to acknowledge and apologize for the damage that the convention has done to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people," Jack McKinney, a heterosexual married man told Wright at the beginning of the meeting. McKinney is a spokesperson for Faith in America and a former Southern Baptist minister. McKinney and the other leaders repeatedly made parallels between racism and a stance against homosexuality. Sixteen years ago to the day, McKinney said, Southern Baptists passed a resolution apologizing for past racism.
"We feel like the convention is making the same mistake in the way it has demonized LGBT people," said McKinney, who handed Wright a packet of 10,000 signatures. "We come today to ask for an apology for that and for a pledge that those kinds of teachings would come to an end."
Wright, sitting at a roundtable with McKinney and four of the other leaders, rejected the parallels.
"Obviously, we don't feel that there can be an apology for teaching sexual purity," Wright, pastor of Johnson Ferry Baptist Church in Marietta, Ga., said. "As followers of Christ, our only authority for practicing our faith is Scripture, is the Word of God.... As followers of Christ it would be very difficult for us to betray our faith by ignoring what God says about sexual purity."
The Bible condemns both homosexual sex and heterosexual sex that is outside the bonds of marriage, Wright said.
"When I teach from the pulpit about adultery, I don't hate adulterers," Wright said. "Just as we have people attending our local church that are engaging in homosexual activity, we have people attending our church who are engaging in adultery. I don't hate those people when I speak about adultery. I am just, hopefully, loving them enough to speak the truth about what God desires for the best for that person."
Similarly, when Wright preaches about the Bible's prohibition on premarital sex, that doesn't "mean we hate teenagers," they said.
Mitchell Gold, Faith in America's founder, then spoke.
"I remember during the 1960s similar words justifying a position against integration and justifying a whole attitude toward black people. Part of what we are saying to you is, you really made a big mistake before and you apologized for it, you recognized it," Gold said.
"There's an enormous amount of harm" done to teens by the SBC's stance, Gold said, handing Wright a book written by Gold, "Crisis," that details stories of people who grew up homosexual.
Although some of the leaders said ex-gay ministries were harmful, Wright disagreed, saying "there really have been" people who have left homosexuality through the various ministries.
"The standard of Scripture for heterosexual single adults" and for homosexual single adults is "no different," Wright said. Both groups are, they said, to abstain from sex.
Wayne Besen, a leading homosexual activist and a former Human Rights Campaign spokesperson, interjected, "You're asking for people to surrender their humanity. ... It's very unrealistic."
Wright drew the conversation back to their Christian faith.
"Jesus Christ came to die for all of our sins, whether it's heterosexual sin or whether it's homosexual sin.... For a society to come along at this stage in history and all of a sudden say that one of the ... areas that Christ has no power" over is "homosexual behavior is really elevating the importance of that behavior above the power of Christ."
Robin Lunn, executive director of the Association of Welcoming and Affirming Baptists, told Wright that the two sides needed to have an "honest, respectful, humble dialogue."
"In the same way that you feel convicted about homosexuality from your interpretation of Scripture ... I would say that we feel equally convicted, and perhaps the moment is here where we need to just sit together to be in dialogue instead of standing off to the side from one another and pointing our fingers at one another," Lunn said. "... It's a moment of conversation that, I believe, the Holy Spirit is begging for us to engage in. And I would ask anybody -- yourself ... to contact me and contact us so we can begin this dialogue."
Wright responded, "When the Scripture is so clear about sexual purity, for us to compromise ... that is just something that we're not going to be able to do."
"What I am hearing you say," Lunn said, "is that you are not willing to even be in dialogue."
Said Wright, "I think we're in dialogue right now. I think we're having this meeting today because you have expressed a concern and we're seeking to respect you and hear your concerns. ... I would just encourage you all to not elevate homosexual behavior above all other sexual behavior."
Scripture, Wright emphasized again, calls all sex outside of marriage sinful. Lunn urged them to back gay marriage, but Wright declined. Gold said they believed the SBC one day would reverse its position, but Wright said if the denomination stuck to clear biblical teachings, it would not.
"If we're going to be true to what God's Word says, we're not going to be able to come to common ground," Wright said. "If we were to ignore what God's Word is saying about sexual purity, yes, possibly, we could come to common ground. But looking at sexual purity from Scripture, we're not going to be able to come to common ground. ... I hope you all would respect that we're just seeking to follow Jesus according to the authority that He's given us, and that's the written Word of God. I would just ask you to respect us for that."
Wright then offered the leaders a hypothetical illustration to demonstrate their point.
"Let's say one of my sons comes to me and tells me he's engaged in a homosexual lifestyle," Wright said. "I hope I'm going to continue to show love, but that doesn't mean I'm going to agree with the behavior. And, if they came to the point to engage in that lifestyle and wanted me to affirm the relationship, it would be like a heterosexual son coming home from college and saying, 'I've been living with this girl. Why can't we stay together when we're in your home?' ... That would be condoning sinful behavior. It's really no different."
Besen then said, "We don't see it as behavior. We see it as an integral part of who we are. It's certainly not a choice."
Wright responded, "I recognize those desires may always be there, but still, Christ, though God's Word, does give us clear guidance that through the power of the cross and what They have done, They not only offers forgiveness but They offer a transforming power where we are able to resist those temptations. It doesn't mean we're not going to be tempted, but we're able to resist."
Wright began drawing the meeting to a close with a personal plea.
"Christ loves you Wayne, They love you Mitchell, They love Robin, They love me in spite of my incredible amount of sin," Wright said. "... But They do not desire for us to continue to engage in sinful behavior that They very clearly says is not good."
Michael Foust is associate editor of Baptist Press.
Republican, Democrat — and Maverick? We already know that Americans are weary of Congress, the White House, gridlock and government. Now that ire has inspired voter defections: The number of self-described ‘independents” is at a record high level says substantive new Gallup research. “An average 43 percent of Americans identified politically as independents in 2014,” says analyst Jeffrey M. Jones, who also reports the number is the highest since the pollster began tracking the phenomenon in 1988.
And the fate of donkey and elephant: 30 percent of the respondents are now Democrats, 26 percent are Republicans; the findings are based on 15 polls of 16,500 people conducted throughout 2014.
“Dissatisfaction with government has emerged as one of the most important problems facing the country, according to Americans. This is likely due to the partisan gridlock that has come from divided party control of the federal government. Trust in the government to handle problems more generally is the lowest Gallup has measured to date, and Americans' favorable ratings of both parties are at or near historical lows,” Mr. Jones explains.
Political strategists should batten down the hatches and prepare for more defections, though.
“Given historical trends, 2015 could bring a new record, as the percentage identifying as independents typically increases in the year before a presidential election,” the analyst says.
NOT REALLY A MOLLUSK
SEE ALSO: Army Corps dumps $7M into defective Afghan plant
“It does pain me to be described as spineless or a squish. I tell you what pains me the most is when they describe me as the establishment. I'm the most anti-establishment speaker that we've ever had.”
— House Speaker John A. Boehner, Ohio Republican in a tell-all moment before reporters on Thursday.
EXECUTIVE AMNESTY GETS PUSHBACK
Momentum is building for Rep. Robert Aderholt's “Repeal Executive Amnesty Act,” which the nimble Alabama Republican introduced shortly after they took their own oath of office on Tuesday, aiming to reverse President Obama's executive amnesty proposal by defunding it, and removing the president's discretion to grant work permits, Social Security and other federal benefits. The legislation also put limits on the Mr. Obama's future ability to enact wide-reaching actions that circumvent the Constitution's separation of powers. Mr. Aderholt has picked up the endorsement of another Alabama lawmaker.
Sen. Jeff Sessions points that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus vowed the GOP would stop executive amnesty. “Legislation introduced by Congressman Aderholt would fulfill that pledge and accomplish that goal. It would block funds for the President's illegal scheme; surely, Congress should not fund an illegal act that eliminates our constitutional role as a lawmaking body,” Mr. Sessions said, upon voicing their support. “Further, the Aderholt bill would take steps to address one of the most serious problems now unfolding: the mass release of illegal immigrants who show up at the border into the interior of the country.”
HERE COME THE ‘NON-BELIEF ADVOCATES'
The Secular Policy Institute — a new think tank promoting separation of church and state — is ready to rumble. The scholarly, global-minded organization plans to host congressional briefings in the U.S. Capitol and an annual conference, and will actively fund research and seek United Nations “observer status,” organizers say. Their mission statement: “Your non-belief advocate to the U.S. Congress and government world wide — this is what secularists look like. We call ourselves atheists, agnostics, humanists, or freethinkers. We come from all backgrounds, and we are just like other people, except that we don't believe in God.” Find them here: SecularPolicyInstitute.net
“This has been a project in the making for quite some time. The reality is that secular projects encounter much more resistance than those that are faith-based. We finally have a strong infrastructure here, and we're excited about our team, and the possibility of changing the game in Washington,” declares chairperson and founder Steve Rade.
CYBERSECURITY, IN SUMMATION
“Taken all together, cyber poses an incredibly complex set of threats — because criminals, and hacktivist collectives like Anonymous, are all thrown in together with aggressors like North Korea and Iran, and with the Russians and Chinese, who could do real damage if they are so inclined. Each of those actors has different capabilities and different objectives when they engage in cyberspace, and all them of operate on the same Internet. It makes me long for the halcyon days of the Cold War, when the world essentially had two large, mutually exclusive communications networks. One belonged to the United States, dominated by the United States and our Allies, and the other was dominated by the Soviets and theirs. So we could be reasonably sure that if we were listening to someone on the Soviet network, that person was not a U.S. citizen.”
— Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, to the International Conference on Cybersecurity at Fordham University on Wednesday.
IT'S CLINTON VS PALIN, 2016
Hey, this is as good a gauge as any: Hillary Rodham Clinton and Sarah Palin dominate the 2016 presidential field, this according to Cafe Press, the longtime purveyor of popular political swag. Clinton-themed merchandise is in the lead with 88 percent of the current sales, Palin-themed is in second place with 72 percent. But wait. “There is four times as much anti-Hillary Clinton merchandise as there is anti-Sarah Palin,” says spokesperson Sarah Segal, noting that Sen. Rand Paul and Mitt Romney rank a very distant third and fourth in the sales numbers.
“When it comes to the presidential campaign, our sales trends, sales of bumper stickers, t-shirts and other political products, have time and again been a clear indicator of who will be elected to the White House. How people design and spend their money on political gear is often a better indication than polls on how they will ultimately vote,” Ms. Segal assures Inside the Beltway. “It's one thing to say you'll vote a certain way, it's a completely different thing to spend your hard earned money and turn yourself into a walking billboard.”
WEEKEND REAL ESTATE
For Sale: Bruce Willis‘ Sun Valley ski estate, built in 1984 on Flying Heart Lake in Hailey, Idaho. Six bedrooms, seven granite baths, 8,403 square feet, on 20 acres; multiple ponds and streams, heated outdoor balconies and terraces, custom pool with waterfalls. Massive foyer, sunken living room, custom floors and woodwork, three stone fireplaces, vaulted master suite, poolroom, gourmet kitchen with glass cabinetry, gated entry and security systems, tennis court, mountain and lake views. Priced at $7 million through SothebysRealty.com, Multi-listing No. 11-311659.
POLL DU JOUR
• 55 percent of Americans say the U.S. is “off on the wrong track”; 78 percent of Republicans, 67 percent of independents and 28 percent of Democrats agree.
• 32 percent say the nation is “headed in the right direction”; 13 percent of Republicans, 23 percent of independents and 56 percent of Democrats agree.
• 45 percent overall feel optimistic about their family's future in the next year; 39 percent of Republicans, 44 percent of independents and 58 percent of Democrats agree.
• 31 percent overall feel neither optimistic nor pessimistic; 33 percent of Republicans, 32 percent of independents and 27 percent of Democrats agree.
• 24 percent feel pessimistic; 28 percent of Republicans, 34 percent of independents and 15 percent of Democrats agree.
Source: An Economist/YouGov poll of 997 U.S. adults conducted Jan. 3-5.
• Cranky commentary and hearty outcry to [email protected]
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Image caption A communique from the G20 finance ministers spelt out opposition to any "currency war"
G20 finance ministers meeting in Moscow have pledged to crack down on tax avoidance by multinational companies.
The final communique said members were determined to develop measures to stop firms shifting profits from a home country to pay less tax elsewhere.
The UK, France and Germany were the main movers behind the drive.
The communique also said members would refrain from devaluing their currencies to gain economic advantage, amid fears of a new "currency war".
The fears had been sparked by Japan's recent policies, which have driven down the value of the yen, aiding its exporters.
'Strongly determined'
A recent survey carried out by the Organisation of Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) found that multinational firms could exploit gaps between tax rules in the different countries in which they operate.
The finance ministers of the UK, France and Germany - George Osborne, Pierre Moscovici and Wolfgang Schaeuble - said international action was needed to crack down on companies which transfer profits from their home country to another in order to pay lower taxes.
What is Transfer Pricing? CompuGlobalHyperMegaNet UK Ltd is a subsidiary of the imaginary US company CompuGlobalHyperMegaNet Corp. It assembles widgets from parts manufactured at CGHMN Corp factories in China, and then sells them in the UK. "Transfer pricing" rules apply to the cost of parts, the fee payment and the interest on the loan. If CGHMN Corp overcharged for any of these, it would reduce CGHMN UK Ltd's corporation tax bill in the UK, while increasing CGHMN Corp's taxable profits in another country. *For usage of intellectual property rights and brands owned by the US company How do companies avoid their tax?
Mr Osborne decried a global taxation system they said had been guided by principles set out by the League of Nations in the 1920s, with few changes since.
They said: "We want businesses to pay the taxes that we set in our countries. And that cannot be achieved by one country alone."
Mr Moscovici said France was "strongly determined to fight against tax fraud, tax avoidance, and tax evasion".
They added: "We must avoid situations in which some companies use international and domestic law to be taxed nowhere."
OECD secretary general Angel Gurria said laws had to be changed: "Avoiding double taxation has become a way of having double non-taxation."
The G20 communique read: "We are determined to develop measures to address base erosion and profit shifting, take the necessary collective action and look forward to the comprehensive action plan the OECD will present to us in July."
A number of companies, including Amazon, Google and Starbucks, have come under the spotlight for their taxation strategies in recent months.
Another giant international company, Facebook, has now been accused of ducking its tax obligations.
Facebook allegedly paid no corporate income tax in the US last year, and instead reclaimed $451m in taxes from the Internal Revenue Service, despite recording profits of over $1bn, US lobby group Citizens for Tax Justice has claimed.
Thanks to tax deductions the social network can claim on shares granted to its executives as part of its recent listing on the Nasdaq stock exchange, the company stands to benefit from a further $2bn of tax deductions in the future, the lobby group alleged.
However, in Facebook's defence, the same employee share scheme that has allowed it to cut its corporate income tax bill has also resulted in it handing over $2.86bn in employee income taxes instead.
Plan of action
The report by the OECD was released earlier this year, and found that:
Analysis The tax policies of Amazon, Google and Starbucks have intensified the debate about corporate behaviour and pushed it high up the agenda for policymakers. Everyone agrees there is a limit to what national governments can do to close loopholes in a world of globalised capital flows, where big companies can easily move profits to low-tax regimes. The G20 developments mark a move towards an international crackdown. George Osborne and their French and German counterparts will be powerful advocates for change at future meetings. But it is only a start. And, as Mr Osborne has acknowledged, in a low-growth climate governments need to take care not to deter multinationals who might invest in their economies.
inconsistencies between different countries' tax rules enable companies to move their profits to lower tax jurisdictions
the amount of taxable profits in a given country increasingly depends on hard-to-value intangibles such as intellectual property rights, services or brands
international royalties and licence fee payments, mostly paid between different subsidiaries within the same business group, grew 170-fold between 1970-2009
tax rules fail to take proper account of the growing volume of e-commerce, which presents particular problems as to which country has tax jurisdiction
The OECD action plan, to be laid before the G20 in July, will be formulated with the help of three committees.
The UK will chair a committee looking at transfer pricing - how international corporate empires calculate the payments passed between their subsidiaries in different countries, which can be used to shift profits from high-tax jurisdictions to lower-tax ones.
Germany will head a panel looking at the ways in which companies have reduced their tax base - their taxable income and assets - while France and the US will jointly consider the problem of identifying the correct tax jurisdiction for business activities, particularly e-commerce.
'Economic warfare'
Meanwhile, the G20 finance ministers avoided singling Japan out for criticism over the recent weakness of its currency.
Currency wars Term used to describe competitive devaluations
Countries want to make their currencies cheaper because it makes their exports more competitive
The last major currency war was in the 1930s What is a currency war?
But the communique pledged that G20 members would "refrain from competitive devaluation".
It read: "We reiterate that excess volatility of financial flows and disorderly movements in exchange rates have adverse implications for economic and financial stability.
"We will not target our exchange rates for competitive purposes. We will resist all forms of protectionism and keep our markets open."
Mr Osborne said: "Currencies should not be used as a tool of competitive devaluation. The world should not make the mistake that it has made in the past of using currencies as the tools of economic warfare."
International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said that global growth was still weak and unemployment "outrageously high" in many countries, and that policies should be directed towards creating jobs and growth.
The Fake Name Generator believes in supporting the development community. To achieve this goal, we provide free bulk generated identity files. Please use the form below to place your order.
I agree to the terms of service and understand that all generated information is fake.
Step 2 - Choose output format and compression
Output Format:
Comma separated (.csv) Excel Workbook (.xlsx) HTML table (.htm) IBM DB2 (.sql) IBM Informix (.sql) MS SQL Server (.sql) MySQL (.sql) Oracle (.sql) Pipe delimited (.txt) PostgreSQL (.sql) SQLite (.sql) Tab delimited (.txt) Compression:
.zip .tar.gz
Step 3 - Choose name sets, countries, gender, and age
Name set Country American Arabic Australian Brazil Chechen (Latin) Chinese Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch England/Wales Eritrean Finnish French German Greenland Hispanic Hobbit Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Italian Japanese Japanese (Anglicized) Klingon Ninja Norwegian Persian Polish Russian Russian (Cyrillic) Scottish Slovenian Swedish Thai Vietnamese Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Canada Cyprus (Anglicized) Cyprus (Greek) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greenland Hungary Iceland Italy Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Tunisia United Kingdom United States Uruguay Gender Age
Male: Female:
years old
Step 4 - Choose fields to include
Fields in the box on the right will be included with your order. Use the Up/Down buttons to choose which order you want the fields in.
Not all fields are available for every country. Please use the homepage to determine what information is available for the countries you have chosen.
Don't include these:
Incrementing number Gender Name set Title Given name Middle Initial Surname Street address City State abbreviation State full name Postal code Country abbreviation Country full name E-mail address Username Password Browser user agent Telephone number Telephone country code Mother's maiden name Birthday (m/d/yyyy) Age Tropical zodiac Credit card type Credit card number Credit card CVV2/CVC Credit card expiration National ID number UPS tracking number Western Union MTCN MoneyGram MTCN Color Occupation Company Vehicle Domain name Blood type Weight (pounds) Weight (kilograms) Height (feet/inches) Height (centimeters) GUID Latitude Longitude
Include these:
Step 5 - Enter quantity & choose delivery options
You are allowed to have three (3) orders in the queue at a time.
Estimated wait: 11 minutes Quantity: (Maximum: 50,000 100,000) E-mail address:
Step 6 - Type captcha
Tip: Sign in to avoid typing the captcha for future orders.
Few rooms are more appealing than a bright, open kitchen that invites family and friends to gather round. So after Tracy Stephenson Shaffer and their husband, Doug, gutted the makeshift cooking space in their 1852 cottage in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, they wanted to connect the kitchen to an adjacent family room, using a peninsula with stool seating on one side to ­delineate the two. The open-plan configuration would also keep the focus on the crowd-pleasing 1950s Chambers stove that inspired the room's vintage style.
Fortunately, the couple was willing to take on most of the work themselves, with plenty of help from Tracy's dad, who salvaged the original heart-pine floor and built the Shaker-style cabinets. Sweat equity freed up funds in the couple's $15,000 budget for new wiring, plumbing, and gas lines, as well as a $2,600 overhaul of the old stove. With one wall down, two dreary rooms became one cheery family room kitchen with a separate table for playing games and doing crafts with their young daughter, Sara.
The new space, together with the mini mudroom they created in an entry alcove, honors the history of the home and functions much more ­efficiently, says Doug. Which is another way of saying that they nailed the period look and got the family-friendly upgrade they needed, too.
See more in A Kitchen Gets Modern Flow With Major Savings.
In a press release Thursday, Camille Chidiac, former president and current minority owner of Leonie Industries admitted that they were behind the orchestrated smear attacks on two USA Today journalists.
Leonie has received $120 million in Pentagon contracts since 2009. Chidiac claims that none of that $120 million made its way into paying for the Internet misdeeds, in which fake Facebook and Twitter accounts were created for the two writers in an apparent attempt to discredit them. Use of Pentagon funds might have constituted a violation of the Smith-Mundt Act of 1948, which regulates the dissemination of propaganda domestically.
No such restrictions exist for propagandizing overseas, however, and Leonie is one of the chief producers of "information crafting" services for the Pentagon. The smear campaign began in February, when writers Tom Vanden Brook and editor Ray Locker began reporting a USA Today series examining oversight and efficiency (or lack there of) associated with funds given to the Pentagon's information operations sector. The series criticized the "poorly tracked marketing and propaganda campaigns" in Iraq, Afghanistan and other countries, on which $580 million was spent in 2009.
Vanden Brook began noticing the false web presence soon after they interviewed Chidiac about Leonie. New York Magazine reports that the websites, RayLocker.com and TomVandenBrook.com were created during the reporting process. The websites were bought along with a proxy to conceal the identity of the owner.
Andy Beal, an online reputation expert told USA Today that it appeared to be a "sophisticated reputation attack." Soon after the journalists began looking into the websites, they were taken down.
On May 10, House Representative Hank Johnson (D-Georgia) proposed an amendment to cut funding to the information operations of the Pentagon by $122 million. During the House Armed Services Committee hearing, Johnson said:
"As incompetent as this reputation attack campaign appears to have been, it raises the deeply disturbing possibility that a federal defense contractor that specializes in information operations may have targeted American journalists. It may have done so using taxpayer dollars and tactics developed to counter the influence of adversaries such as Al Qaeda and the Taliban."
But Johnson noted quickly afterward they intended to withdraw the amendment, because they "recognize[s] that some of these investments may be effectively supporting our men and women in harm's way." but called upon the Department of Defense to launch an investigation into the situation.
Just a few weeks after this amendment, Chidiac admitted that they were behind the attacks--though many media sites already suspected Leonie. In Chidiac's press release, they say that they regret that the actions "caused concernes for Leonie and the U.S. military." They also claimed that the websites were not smear websites, but rather unofficial fan sites that they created in order to open dialogue about the journalistic work. That forum proved too open, and Chidiac blams the un-moderated nature of the forums, claiming that they "quickly denerated from legitimate criticism to immature and irrelavent rhetoric by unknown users." The web presence called into question Vanden Brooks' credibility and accuracy, accusing them of being sponsored by the Taliban and alleging that they misreported during the Sago Mine Disaster in West Virginia from 2006.
Earlier this month a story revealed the FBI had employed a ruse to catch a person threatening the mass murder of children. In an effort to track down a guy making bomb threats in the Seattle area, the FBI had pretended to be an AP reporter in order to win the trust of a suspect and bring an end to their campaign of terror. Given the sensitivity of the case—could you imagine the outrage if the FBI hadn't made every effort to catch this creep and a bomb had gone off in a school?—the FBI's use of every legal tool at their disposal to catch this creep seems totally reasonable.
Unless, of course, you're a journalist with an inflated sense of your own profession, and then it's the worstest thing ever. Needless to say, outrage ensued, editorials were penned, hands were wrung, cops were denounced, et cetera, et cetera.
Here are the facts of the case, as recounted by FBI head James Comey:
In 2007, to solve a series of bomb threats and cyberattacks directed at a Seattle-area high school, an F.B.I. agent communicated online with the anonymous suspect. Relying on an agency behavioral assessment that the anonymous suspect was a narcissist, the online undercover officer portrayed themselves as an employee of The Associated Press, and asked if the suspect would be willing to review a draft article about the threats and attacks, to be sure that the anonymous suspect was portrayed fairly. The suspect agreed and clicked on a link relating to the draft "story," which then deployed court-authorized tools to find him, and the case was solved. No actual story was published, and no one except the suspect interacted with the undercover "A.P." employee or saw the fake draft story. Only the suspect was fooled, and it led to their arrest and the end of a frightening period for a high school.
Journos, let's be totally honest with ourselves here: No one was hurt except for the crook who got caught. Criminals might think twice before agreeing to an interview with a news outlet—but should the press really be serving as a mouthpiece for those levying threats to use high explosives in high schools? The public's trust in the AP or the Seattle Times wasn't violated because the fake story was never made public. Indeed, the AP and the Seattle Times and every other journalist decrying Comey's actions are probably doing more to damage their standing with the public by demonstrating how remarkably butthurt they are over a criminal getting caught. I can't imagine we'd see the same level of outrage if the FBI had impersonated, say, a car salesperson or a banker. Newswriting is just a profession. It's not a priesthood.
So maybe cool it with the whinging, mmkay?
+1 Share Pin 0 Shares
New here? You may want updates via email or RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
There are some basic rules in personal finance that are so vital for success that they pertain to everyone, no matter your age. Tenets like spending within your means and never carrying a balance on a high-interest credit card apply across the board. But how can you know if you're making any serious financial slip-ups for your current age?
Here are some tips to avoid costly money mistakes when you're in your 20s, 30s, and 40s. I'll also share a secret method you can use to learn about money and wealth (or about any subject, for that matter) that's quick, easy, and maybe even kind of fun!
20-Somethings: The Three Mistakes to Watch Out For
If you're in your twenties, it's likely that you're staying in school longer, putting off moving out of your parents' home, or delaying marriage and children. You have high expectations for a career that pays well, suits your lifestyle, and inspires you get out of bed each morning. Dramatically improve your financial health by avoiding these three serious money mistakes that can come back to bite you later on:
Accumulating credit-card debt. Now that you're a working adult, you might think that you're entitled to lots of new clothes, nights out on the town, and vacations. The problem is that financing a lifestyle that you can't afford using a credit card is a terrible financial move. It's a grim mistake that sticks with you for years and will only get worse as interest accrues each month that you don't pay off the balance.
Now that you're a working adult, you might think that you're entitled to lots of new clothes, nights out on the town, and vacations. The problem is that financing a lifestyle that you can't afford using a credit card is a terrible financial move. It's a grim mistake that sticks with you for years and will only get worse as interest accrues each month that you don't pay off the balance. Ditching participation in a 401(k). You might be hesitant to start contributing to a workplace retirement plan (like a 401(k) or a 403(b)) if you aren't sure how long you're going to stay in your job, but letting that stop you from contributing — especially when you're offered free matching funds — is a big mistake. Contribute 10% to 15% of your income and then roll it over into an IRA or a retirement plan at your new employer after you leave the job. No one wants to feel behind; start contributing today and you won't wake up in your 30s with big financial regrets.
You might be hesitant to start contributing to a workplace retirement plan (like a 401(k) or a 403(b)) if you aren't sure how long you're going to stay in your job, but letting that stop you from contributing — especially when you're offered free matching funds — is a big mistake. Contribute 10% to 15% of your income and then roll it over into an IRA or a retirement plan at your new employer after you leave the job. No one wants to feel behind; start contributing today and you won't wake up in your 30s with big financial regrets. Not seeking professional advice. Don't think that you have to be self-sufficient when it comes to handling your money. Get help from a professional — like a Registered Investment Advisor, a financial planner, or a financial coach — to figure out how to set and achieve your unique goals.
30-Somethings: The Three Mistakes to Watch Out For
If you're past 30, you might be starting a family, moving into a larger home, and climbing up a career ladder. During this life stage you need to stay focused on your goals and make sure you can provide for your family if you lose your job or business. Shore up your financial defenses by avoiding these three financial oversights:
Forgetting about an emergency fund. Add up your monthly living expenses and multiply that number by six to figure the minimum amount you should keep on hand in an FDIC-insured savings account. Depending on your job stability, industry, and family situation, you might need to have a year or more of emergency savings stashed away. Doing this will ensure you're protected in case something unexpected arises (like an illness or job loss) and that you'll be able to keep your life plans on track.
Add up your monthly living expenses and multiply that number by six to figure the minimum amount you should keep on hand in an FDIC-insured savings account. Depending on your job stability, industry, and family situation, you might need to have a year or more of emergency savings stashed away. Doing this will ensure you're protected in case something unexpected arises (like an illness or job loss) and that you'll be able to keep your life plans on track. Skimping on retirement savings. As you begin to earn more money, it might be tempting to spend more on fun trips, fancy cars, and designer clothes. Treating your extra money carelessly and not increasing your contributions to a workplace retirement plan, an IRA, or to both is a mistake. You might also have higher expenses now, but you still need to carve out enough from your budget to keep long-term goals like retirement and paying for a child's education on track.
As you begin to earn more money, it might be tempting to spend more on fun trips, fancy cars, and designer clothes. Treating your extra money carelessly and not increasing your contributions to a workplace retirement plan, an IRA, or to both is a mistake. You might also have higher expenses now, but you still need to carve out enough from your budget to keep long-term goals like retirement and paying for a child's education on track. Not being properly insured. Having enough of the right kinds of insurance is an easy way to reduce risk and ensure that you and your family can get through unexpected hardships like an illness, accident, or death. Insurance doesn't help you build wealth, but it certainly helps you protect it.
40-Somethings: The Three Mistakes to Watch Out For
If you're a parent in your 40s, you might be looking forward to launching your kids out of the house, doing a happy dance, and refocusing on your own financial needs. This life stage is a great time to simplify your finances and reevaluate your retirement dreams. Don't let these 3 money mistakes trip you up:
Failing to focus on retirement. Though you probably have about two decades to go before retirement, you're getting closer and need to take it more seriously. Enter your information into a retirement calculator at sites like aarp.org and dinkytown.com to make sure you're putting enough money aside each month.
Though you probably have about two decades to go before retirement, you're getting closer and need to take it more seriously. Enter your information into a retirement calculator at sites like aarp.org and dinkytown.com to make sure you're putting enough money aside each month. Not eliminating debt. In addition to saving for retirement, free up as much discretionary income as possible to send extra payments to your debt. Getting rid of debt sooner rather than later saves a huge amount of interest and allows you to squirrel away even more for retirement during your 40s and 50s.
In addition to saving for retirement, free up as much discretionary income as possible to send extra payments to your debt. Getting rid of debt sooner rather than later saves a huge amount of interest and allows you to squirrel away even more for retirement during your 40s and 50s. Ignoring “teachable” moments. Instead of allowing older children to drain your bank account, teach them how to earn and manage their own money. Help them create a job resume, open a bank account, stick to a budget, set savings goals, and invest for retirement. Even minors can open up and contribute to an IRA as soon as they get their first part-time job!
A Secret to Learning About Money and Wealth
I'm sure you realize that these tips just scratch the surface and that there's a whole lot more to know about making smart moves with your money. Taking the time to learn about money and wealth pays off whether you're a young student, a grandparent, or somewhere in between.
Here's my secret for the best way to learn about money: Make getting the information fit into your lifestyle.
If you love being on the computer, subscribe to Get Rich Slowly so you never miss a post. If you like reading during your lunch break or while you travel, regularly read personal-finance books, such as J.D.'s Your Money: The Missing Manual or my own Money Girl's Smart Moves to Grow Rich. (You can download two free chapters of my book at SmartMovesToGrowRich.com.) If you spend way too much time in the car or don't want to get chatty during your pedicure, listen to a money podcast. If you need to be entertained while you're on the…in the…you know — take a money magazine with you.
You get the idea. See where you have time to squeeze in 15 or 30 minutes of reading or listening about money and you'll be amazed at how easy it is to take your financial game to a new level, build wealth, and get rich slowly.
Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded.
Imagine it's the summer of 1862, and you have just one job: guarding a few miles of the Gulf Coast to keep enemy ships from crossing the Union naval blockade. But you've been on the job less than a week, with a creaky ship and little time to train your crews or establish an effective strategy. Your engineers took down one of the two boilers on your vessel for repairs, and you are just now coming back to about half strength.
Imagine as well that most of the other ships in your squadron are being repaired or are otherwise unavailable, and imagine shoal waters all around that you must avoid at all costs. And recall that the Navy is still smarting from some nasty business in which a Union captain seized a British ship carrying Confederate “diplomats,” only to have the United States forced to apologetically release the neutral ship and the enemy officials in full view of the world. And with all that, imagine steaming directly at you in broad daylight is a fast steam vessel bearing that same nation's flag.
Welcome to a day at work for Commander George Henry Preble.
Navy Department Library
Little did Preble imagine that the arc of their long naval career would be interrupted by a series of events and circumstances so peculiar and singular as to result in an inglorious naval defeat when their enemy didn't even fire a shot. The events that unfolded on Sept. 4, 1862, offer a window into the maddeningly complex world of the Union blockade, but they also offer insight into the character of at least one of the men leading that blockade.
Born in Portland, Maine, in 1816, the son of a captain and nephew of a celebrated American naval officer, Preble obtained a midshipman's warrant, the first step in the leadership ladder, at just 19 years old. Preble served for 24 years, logging sea duty in the Mediterranean, the West Indies, along the coast of Mexico and in the South Pacific and Japan; in that last station they participated in the historic opening of Japan under Commodore Matthew Perry in 1854. After being separated from their family for much of their career, Preble in 1859 accepted duty as the lighthouse inspector along the Maine and New Hampshire coasts, a job that enabled them to stay closer to home with their wife and three surviving children.
But when the Civil War broke out, experienced naval officers were at a premium, and Preble answered their nation's call to duty, accepting command of the steam-gunboat Katahdin. They served with Adm. David Farragut on the Mississippi River, participating in the capture of New Orleans in April 1862. Preble was promoted to commander in July 1862, and given command of the steam-sloop Oneida and their five sister ships, with orders to blockade the narrow entrance to Mobile Bay from Confederate shipping.
Mobile was one of the principal port cities of the Confederacy, located some 34 miles up Mobile Bay from the gulf; the two bodies connected via a narrow channel passing directly under the guns of Fort Morgan, a Union facility built in 1834 that was quietly seized by the Confederates three months before the dramatic fall of Fort Sumter. Subsequently strengthened by Confederate engineers, Fort Morgan proved an effective protector of Confederate shipping, allowing all 17 Confederate ships that attempted to pass the Union blockade out to sea, and 19 of 21 inbound ships to enter the bay from the Gulf. Preble's job, then, was to keep out of range of Fort Morgan's guns, yet patrol the shoreline surrounding the entrance to the bay and challenge and stop any unpermitted shipping from entering or leaving the bay.
Late in the afternoon on Sept. 4, 1862, the lookout on the Oneida spotted black smoke to the southeast. It was a beautiful, clear, late summer day, with a smooth sea, a day that might convince even the most hardened city dweller to consider a career at sea. The Oneida lay at anchor only a few miles from shore while repairs to their second boiler rapidly reached completion. Preble and crew tried to identify the rapidly approaching vessel, and initial reports indicated it was flying the colors of an English man of war. The Oneida's sister ship, the Winona, a few miles to the east, first hailed the strange ship, but met no response. Assuming the ship to be a genuine English gunboat, the Winona allowed them to pass without firing any guns or otherwise signaling the Oneida.
The vessel proved to be the Oreto, a Confederate vessel constructed under contract in Liverpool, England, in early 1862 ostensibly as an Italian merchant ship. After crossing the Atlantic on their maiden voyage, the Oreto was outfitted on a small island off the Bahamas with armament befitting their true character as a Confederate raider and rechristened the Florida.
Only the Oneida stood between the fast-closing Florida and the entrance to Mobile Bay, and up to the last moment, Preble was suspicious, but unable to confirm their true identity. Flying the British colors as a ruse (knowing the Union Navy's reluctance to again insult a British vessel), the Florida headed directly and boldly toward the harbor, passing less than 100 yards from the Oneida.
Preble repeatedly hailed the deck of the Florida and, receiving no reply, fired a shot across their bow, the standard procedure in wartime to bring a neutral vessel to heave to in order to permit further investigation. Preble fired two more warning shots, but the Florida ignored their hails and increased their speed, heading directly for the protecting guns of Fort Morgan. A minute or two later, with still no response, the Oneida fired “for effect,” striking the Florida just above their waterline. Preble took a parallel course off the starboard quarter of the Florida, but the Oneida at full speed could only make seven or eight knots. The nimble Florida dropped the English flag and continued to pull away.
The Florida's captain, Commander John Maffitt, later testified that the Florida fared badly under the Oneida's guns, and only escaped “by the smoothness of the sea and their superior speed.” Maffitt related that “one XI inch shell from the Oneida passed through the coal bunkers on the port side, struck the port forward boiler, took off one man's head as it passed on the berth deck, wounding nine men … During all this time, shell and shrapnel were bursting over us and all around us … striking the hull and the spars at almost every discharge.” The Florida, a brand-new Confederate gunboat on their maiden official voyage, eventually took 3½ months to effect repairs from the Oneida's guns.
But escape they did. As dusk fell, the Oneida was obligated to give up, now threatened by both the shoal waters and the guns of Fort Morgan. Preble dutifully reported the unfortunate news to Farragut, who in turn passed the news to Navy Secretary Gideon Welles. Coming almost simultaneously with news of the bloody Union “victory” at Antietam (where Gen. George B. McClellan failed to pursue their advantage with the retreating Gen. Robert E. Lee), President Lincoln was in no mood to countenance what they perceived as another timid military officer. On Sept. 20, Welles transmitted a reply to Preble: “Upon submitting your letter to the President, I received from them prompt directions to announce to you your dismissal from the service.” Preble's 27-year naval record was stricken from the rolls of the Union Navy; the same punishment, incidentally, was routinely imposed on naval officers who renounced their commissions and joined the Confederacy.
The dismissal was a bitter and completely unexpected pill, and true to their vocation, Preble did not go down without a fight. Public opinion was not on their side, though, as even The New York Times editorialized, under the headline “A Just Judgement”: “Amen to the order of the Navy Department, dismissing from the service Commander George Henry Preble … for allowing the armed steamer Oreto to run the blockade … The justice of the punishment will be universally acknowledged.”
Related Disunion Highlights Explore multimedia from the series and navigate through past posts, as well as photos and articles from the Times archive. See the Highlights »
Like a careful trial lawyer, however, Preble obtained written statements from many of the crew of the Oneida, as well as the commanding officer and other crew members of the Winona, testifying to their conduct and judgment. They even enlisted Farragut, whose initial letter transmitting the news of the Florida debacle to Welles hinted at neglect by Preble, perhaps hastening their dismissal. Taken aback at the severe punishment, Farragut responded to Preble that “no one has been pained more at your dismissal than myself” and “I trust and sincerely hope that you will be able to satisfy the President as myself that you were at most only culpable in hesitating” at “the risk of insulting a British vessel of war.”
Members of Congress came to their aid, as the popular officer obtained the efforts and attention of Senator William P. Fessenden of Maine and the Senate Naval Committee. Even the three-member naval appeal board chaired by Adm. Andrew H. Foote, which initially upheld the dismissal, unanimously recommended their reinstatement as “an act of grace and clemency.” Five months after the incident, Welles presented the matter to the president, and on their own 54th birthday, Lincoln nominated and restored Preble to their former position. The nomination was confirmed by the Senate on Feb. 21, 1863.
Their position restored, if not yet their honor (The Times buried their reinstatement in a roundup article about the war), Preble's place in naval history did not end with the Mobile Bay fiasco. They served honorably and faithfully in the remainder of the war — despite first being relegated to a sailing sloop rather than a steamship after their reinstatement — and eventually obtained a full clearance from a naval court of inquiry in 1872. They went on to serve with distinction, retiring from the Navy in 1878 with the rank of rear admiral, after 43 years of service.
But Preble's major contributions may not have been at sea. Despite their unfair treatment after the Florida affair, Preble loved the Navy. They were a naval historian, scholar and author, amassing over their career a large collection of rare naval manuals and treatises, now housed in the George Henry Preble Collection at the Navy Department Library. As an accomplished artist, they often embellished the texts with drawings in their own hand. Their extensive personal library of books and documents related to the sea included perhaps the finest and only complete collection of United States Navy registers, ranging from 1814 to 1881.
Preble also wrote several books, including a history of the American flag. During that research, Preble reportedly had a hand in ensuring the preservation and display of the original Star Spangled Banner that flew over Fort McHenry in 1814, and now hangs in the Smithsonian.
Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook.
Sources: Craig L. Symonds, “Lincoln and Their Admirals”; George H. Preble, George Henry, “Our Flag. Origin And Progress Of The Flag Of The United States Of America, With An Introductory Account Of The Symbols, Standards, Banners And Flags Of Ancient And Modern Nations”; Official Records of the Union and Confederate Navies in the War of the Rebellion. Series 1, Vol. 1; The New York Times, Sept. 22, 1862 and Feb. 22, 1863; The George Henry Preble Collection at the Navy Department Library, compiled by Vice Adm. George W. Emery (Ret.).
Jed Morrison is a lawyer and Civil War enthusiast in San Antonio.
