SINCE RITUPARNO GHOSH'S DEATH from a cardiac arrest on 30 May, at the age of 49, there has been an outpouring of tributes, befitting someone who was arguably Bengal's most widely known contemporary film icon. With their passing, we have lost not just a talented and prolific director, but also a rare public figure willing and able to depict—and in recent years, embody—the fraughtness of our sexual selves. Ghosh started to make a calculated change in their physical appearance about five years ago, shaving their head, taking hormones and adopting a new wardrobe that made them look increasingly androgynous. In recent years, in their cinematic output, too, they became preoccupied with questions of gender identity, though more as an actor and writer than as a director. Following their death, their filmography has been characterised as a progression from some sort of closeted bhadralok-ness to sexual liberation, but this seems to overlook what their oeuvre, as a whole, tells us. I would suggest that Ghosh's cinema was always a kind of poetry of the interior, attending closely to the inner spaces of the home, and of the heart. The intimate chamber dramas they specialised in were closely observed portraits of the Bengali middle class at home, and sex and sexuality were integral to that picture right from the start.
Their films, shot largely indoors and built up through conversations, were sometimes dismissed as uncinematic: it was often argued that they were like filmed plays. But the frequently enclosed nature of their canvas seems to me to have been Ghosh's strength: under the sustained attention of their gaze, the finest of faultlines could come into view—and very occasionally, be bridged. Their dialogue—Ghosh was rare among contemporary Indian directors for having scripted all their films—was immaculately attentive to the gradations of age, class and education, to the tensions and insecurities created by disparate backgrounds, even within the same household. It was no accident that so many of their narratives played themselves out within the space of the home.
Houses, and the conflicted relationships women have with them, are a recurring theme in Ghosh's work, as I have mentioned in another article. They once described their breakthrough film, Unishe April, as being inspired partly by watching Ray's Jalsaghar and drawing on the zamindar's relationship with their crumbling mansion to create their ageing dancer's relationship with a house full of memories. In future films, whether it was their imagining of the 19th-early 20th century Bengali universe—Chokher Bali, Antarmahal, Noukadubi—or their recreation of contemporary women's lives—Dahan, Bariwali, Asukh, Utsab, Raincoat, Dosar, Khela, Shubho Mahurat—he remained remarkably sensitive to the pushes and pulls of the household. Ghosh understood, better than any Indian filmmaker I can think of, both the desire for domesticity and its capacity for suffocation. Whether it was the present-day housewife in a crumpled sari stuck in a house crammed with furniture, as in Raincoat, or the 19th century bhadramahila for whom leaving the house without an escort, even in a private carriage, was forbidden, Ghosh constantly forced their audience to experience domestic space as their female characters did. And they were unafraid to depart from the letter of a text for what they felt was its spirit. “[Tagore's] novel ended with the widow Binodini going to live in Banaras, devoid of all desire,” they said to me in 2008, speaking of Chokher Bali. “My film emphasised their independence—the letter Binodini writes when they leave talks of their own desh, which should be read not as country, but as space or domain.” If Binodini's farewell letter speaks of their past actions as driven by a desire for setting up a home, it also gestures to a future in which their home will be the whole country, the whole wide world, whose existence they have finally caught a glimpse of by leaving Calcutta. Remarkably, Bengali contains a word that can mean both ‘home' and ‘world'—‘sansar', pronounced ‘shongshaar'. Dahan, set in the mid-1990s, paints an even more astute picture of the ambivalence of home: how the menace of the outside world can turn a woman's shongshaar into a prison, containing possibilities for violence that are harder to thwart. A young woman, recently married, is molested and almost gang-raped on a city street. They manage to escape, only to discover that the safety of their marital home is a dangerous illusion. Their acute attentiveness to the meanings of home—the lines that mark inside and outside, but also the lines that divide people within it—made Ghosh a master of the chamber piece.
The self-proclaimed Islamic State militants released new video footage on Saturday purportedly showing a Syrian army soldier in Homs being run over by a tank and executed.
Ahlul Bayt News Agency - The self-proclaimed Islamic State militants released new video footage on Saturday purportedly showing a Syrian army soldier in Homs being run over by a tank and executed.
According to ISIS media, on Saturday ISIS militants detained a soldier working in Syrian air force intelligence. The soldier was identified as Fadi Amr al-Zaydan, 19, from the village of Sian in the Jableh area in northern Latakia province.
It is the video, Zaydan is shown being tied down while dressed in orange. A tank then rolls in their direction and crushes them under its treads.
On Saturday, the so-called Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that it had received information in September 2015 that ISIS would execute Syrian government forces by running them over with tanks, and that Zaydan's death is the first execution of its kind carried out by ISIS in areas it controls in Syria.
Zaydan's death follows a rescue mission on Thursday that freed 69 ISIS hostages in a joint Kurdish-American operation in Hawija, Iraq.
“During the operation, which ended at 0400 hours and took place approximately seven kilometers (4.3 miles) north of Hawija, 69 hostages were successfully rescued, six ISIS terrorists were detained and more than 20 killed,” the Kurdistan Region Security Council said in a statement.
.............
Take a deep breath, Seattle sports fans, and let it all sink in. All the redemption; all the serendipity; all the glory. This really happened. It wasn't a dream. Our loyal fan base recently experienced what is undoubtedly the greatest weekend in Seattle sports history to date, and we are now a city of champions.
As the calendar flipped from January 31 to February 1 to February 2, 2014, so too flipped over a decade of misery for Seattle sports fans. After having both Super Bowl XL and our beloved Sonics stolen from us, and with the Mariners being one of only two MLB franchises to never win a pennant, Seattle justifiably led Forbes' list of America's Most Miserable Sports Cities in 2013.
But on this fateful weekend in 2014, a trifecta of redemptive forces converged over the New York tri-state area, shattering Seattle's cocoon of devastating losses and marking the beginning of a new era; one in which we are the victors, and we force ourselves into the national conversation.
The Seattle Seahawks are Super Bowl champions after demolishing the favored Denver Broncos at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. Sonicsgate director Jason Reid, producer Adam Brown and cinematographer Ian Connors were lucky enough to already be in New York City premiering a short football doc titled Mr. Irrelevant. We couldn't be in NY and let this once in a lifetime experience pass us by, so we busted out the credit cards and pulled the trigger on some StubHub Super Bowl tickets just three hours before the game.
Within five minutes of walking into MetLife stadium, we ran into Duff McKagan of Guns N' Roses and Softy from KJR, a positive omen for the game and a reminder that we're all in this fight together.
Continue reading →
The backbone of my productivity is Evernote. It's an app I've been using for about seven or eight years now. It's my personal favourite note taking app, and I've used 'em all — OneNote, Simple Note, Google Keep, Apple Notes etc. Evernote keeps me coming back because, pure and simple, it just fucking works.
It does what it needs to, when it needs to, without drama. Sure it might not be the best option for everyone, and there are a lot of things I'd change, but I wouldn't make a move without it.
Here's what I need for a productivity system.
It has to be easy to manage.
For me, the biggest obstacle to using any kind of workflow, process or system, is that if it's complicated or difficult to use, I'll drop out fast and I'll lose track of it. That's not good.
It has to be flexible enough to work with all my commitments.
As the range of work that I do is pretty fucking broad, and the variety of stuff that has to get done is growing all the time, it can't be the perfect system for any one area of my life. I've got to be able to manage family info alongside business plans and unit economic worksheets.
It has to be constantly evolving and changing with my tasks.
I need to have freedom to do fucking everything with it, all the time. It can't be set in stone, it can't be perfect, it has to work and work consistently.
This is based on an approach to Evernote called The Secret Weapon:
It was developed by the team at Braintoniq and it works an absolute charm.
The Set Up
Inbox
I have a Notebook called Inbox. Everything that comes into my little world, whether it's a note, a reminder, a task that needs to be done, an interesting article, it all gets thrown into Inbox.
Right now, I've already sorted my Inbox for the day. The only item left there is my Goals card.
I have an integration set up with my Gmail that automatically forwards any emails that I Star into my Evernote Inbox.
At the start of every single day, I go into my Inbox and sort through my tasks. I add a “.” tag to each note that assigns it to one of my open projects (example — “.Creatomic”) and an “@” tag that says who it applies to (example — “@Emily”).
Depending on whether the item has due date, I may or may not add a automated Reminder to it.
Once that's done, I'll move into a notebook called Action Pending and assign a Priority tag:
1-Now
Things that will be worked on today, or should be at the top of my mind today. Tasks that should get done etc. These apply across all projects and areas of my life.
2-Next
Things that are important and should be done soon but don't necessarily need to be done straight away.
Example: Publish a blog post
3-Soon
Things that aren't crucial, would be nice to get done, but don't really have a pressing priority just yet.
Example: Clean out my CRM
4-Later
The lowest priority of active tasks.
Example: Buy a going away present for a friend next month
5-Someday
Mostly just ideas and tasks that could eventually happen.
Example: Startup ideas I don't have time for right now
6-Waiting
Any task in any project of any priority that can't be accomplished due to incomplete information or waiting on someone else. Tasks are added to this tag throughout my day.
Three new crew, including US grandpa, join space station
by Staff Writers
Baikonur, Kazakhstan (AFP) March 19, 2016
Three new crew members have joined the International Space Station, including a US grandfather who is poised to enter the record books during their time there, NASA said.
The Russian spacecraft carrying the astronauts docked at 0309 GMT Saturday some 407 kilometers (253 miles) above the Pacific Ocean, off the western coast of Peru, according to the American space agency.
Just over two hours later, crewmates Oleg Skripochka and Alexey Ovchinin of Russia, plus Jeff Williams, a US grandfather of three who is a veteran of long-duration space missions, floated into the orbital outpost after hatches were opened to allow their entry.
"Welcome to @Space_Station! Hatches are opened and the crew onboard grows from 3 to 6 members," NASA tweeted.
According to NASA, the trio orbited the earth four times in their approximately six-hour journey to the ISS.
"Can't believe we just left the planet and we're here already," said Williams, in a call to friends and family gathered back on Earth, which was broadcast online by NASA TV.
By the end of their half-year trip aboard the ISS, Williams "will become the American with the most cumulative days in space -- 534," NASA said.
Williams is also now the first American to be a three-time, long-term ISS resident, the US agency said.
The rocket took off in windy conditions from Russia's space base in Kazakhstan at 2126 GMT Friday.
The craft is decorated with a portrait of the first man in space, Soviet hero Yuri Gagarin, whose pioneering orbital flight was made nearly 55 years ago, on April 12 1961.
- Williams to break Kelly record -
The previous US record for most cumulative days in space was set by astronaut Scott Kelly earlier this year.
Kelly, 52, spent nearly a year in space and returned to Earth earlier this month with a total of 520 days in space, as part of an experiment to test the effects of long-duration spaceflight on the body and mind ahead of a potential future mission to Mars.
The all-time record for cumulative days spent in space is held by Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka, who racked up 879 days over their career and wrapped up their final mission in September 2015.
Before arriving at the space station, Williams had notched up over 362 days in space, including three spacewalks.
Their previous missions were flown aboard the space shuttle Atlantis in 2000, as well as a trip in 2006 when the station was far smaller -- with only two modules and three crew members.
In 2009 and 2010, Williams served as a flight engineer for three months and later commanded the ISS for the remainder of their half-year mission.
Williams, Skripochka and Ovchinin joined US astronaut Tim Kopra, Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko and the European Space Agency's British astronaut Tim Peake at the ISS to continue Expedition 47.
Over five months the crew will conduct more than 250 science investigations in fields ranging from biology to technology development, NASA said.
Among these will be a test of the effects of a large fire in space, carried out by setting off a blaze inside an orbiting unmanned spacecraft.
The astronauts will also study how soil behaves in microgravity and test a gripping device for use in harsh space conditions that was inspired by geckos.
The ISS has been orbiting the Earth at roughly 28,000 kilometres (17,400 miles) per hour since 1998 and has been continuously occupied since the first expedition in November 2000.
Space is one of few areas of cooperation between Moscow and the West that has not been disrupted by tensions connected to violence and separatism in Ukraine.
pho-mp-bfm/cw
KELLY SERVICES
ISS A/S
(Video Game)Doctor / Magic Researcher / Royal Official (English version, voice, as Well Hoyle)
2016 Tom & Jerry: Back to Oz (Video) (performer: "The Jitterbug", "We're Off to see the Wizard", "There's No Place Like Home")
(Video) (performer: "The Jitterbug", "We're Off to see the Wizard", "There's No Place Like Home")
2011 The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim (Video Game) (performer: "Tale of the Tongues", "The Age of Aggression/ Opression")
(Video Game) (performer: "Tale of the Tongues", "The Age of Aggression/ Opression")
2011 Tom and Jerry & The Wizard of Oz (Video) (performer: "We're Off to See the Wizard (The Wonderful Wizard of Oz) Reprise", "The Merry Old Land of Oz")
(Video) (performer: "We're Off to See the Wizard (The Wonderful Wizard of Oz) Reprise", "The Merry Old Land of Oz")
2006 Goolians (Video documentary) ("Theremin Music")
(Video documentary) ("Theremin Music")
2004 Far Far Away Idol (Video short) (performer: "What I Like About You")
(Video short) (performer: "What I Like About You")
A man who was given free drinks after a dart board fell on their head at a local bar abused the offer and ordered drinks for everyone in the establishment.
They were charged with defrauding an innkeeper after refusing to pay for seven Bud Lights, nine Buttery Nipples, 3 Red Snapper, 2 Royal Crown, 2 Fireballs and 2 Stoli.
The man, a 52-year-old Niceville resident, had been playing darts at Helen Back in Niceville on Feb. 11 when the incident occurred. They hit the board, which fell on their head and caused minor abrasions, according to their Niceville Police Department arrest report.
They signed a form refusing medical treatment but accepted the payment of their first tab – $110 – by management. They left and came back, this time ordering $129 in drinks, for which they refused to pay, the report said.
While the officers were speaking with the man, they continued to refuse to pay their tab.
Justin Trudeau's Liberals, elevated to power on promises to do all sorts of things and awash in enthusiasm for data and evidence, are proposing now to account for what they've been doing with their time in office: to quantify both their own ability to keep a promise and track whether keeping those promises is contributing to measurable improvements in the welfare of the country.
Now it is down to how well they keep score on themselves.
First, this morning, the Liberals are launching a mandate tracker: an online accounting of the government's progress, or lack thereof, on each and every commitment specified in the mandate letters issued by the prime minister to each cabinet minister.
By the government's own count — CBC News was given an early look at the website — there were a total of 364 commitments specified in those letters.
At the midway point of its term, the government believes it has fulfilled 66 of those promises. (Another commitment to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees is considered "completed" but "modified" because that mark was not reached until February 2016, instead of the promised deadline of Dec. 31, 2015.)
Three commitments are listed as "not being pursued." These include, most infamously, the promise of electoral reform, but also promises to remove the GST from new capital investments in affordable rental housing and provide a 12-month break on employment insurance premiums for companies that hire young workers,.
The majority of commitments are listed as "underway." Of those, 218 are listed as "on track," while 13 are described as "underway with challenges." The promise to balance the federal budget by 2019 is considered an example of the latter — the challenge apparently being that it's almost definitely not going to happen.
The website will be updated regularly over the next two years.
Measuring the mandate
The Trudeau government's own tally can be compared with a count maintained by researchers at Laval University. Based on 353 promises identified in the last Liberal election platform, those researchers gives the Liberals credit for keeping 110 commitments so far and breaking 12.
But beneath those numbers, there will be room for debate. The site provides some explanation for each commitment, and how well the government has accounted for itself should be closely parsed.
When Jean Chretien's Liberals issued a 36-month progress report in 1996, they claimed to have fulfilled 78 per cent of their promises. But they also credited themselves with beginning to both replace the GST and wind down what was then known as the Department of Indian Affairs — both the department and the tax, you might notice, are still with us.
Any government should be happy to list off its good deeds. And, depending on how many more items the government is able to complete between now and 2019, much might depend on how much progress the Liberals are able to demonstrate on those commitments not quite fulfilled.
But the mandate tracker is also just the first part of an effort to quantify the government's efforts.
'Deliverology' goes public
In a few weeks, a second report will attempt to link the government's priorities and actions with metrics that track real-world progress and change.
Since coming to office in the fall of 2015, the Liberals have dwelled on a school of thought known as "deliverology" — an approach, developed by an adviser to Tony Blair's Labour government in the United Kingdom, that aims to prioritize the delivery of policy and the measuring of results.
"A lot of energy is placed on announcements — oh, we're investing $20 million in this project. And the follow-up a year later or two years later — to say, well, X number of people have had their lives affected positively by that investment — isn't always part of the operations or philosophies of government," Justin Trudeau said in May 2016, in response to a question about the government's management philosophy.
In theory, that would be a useful approach.
A "results and delivery" unit has been established in the Privy Council Office and each government department now has a chief results and delivery officer, as well as a chief data officer.
With that second report, "deliverology" will go public. Data might be presented on things like child poverty, housing, retirement security, access to broadband internet or boil-water advisories on Indigenous communities.
"The goal is to put as much information out there and data out there as possible, with clarity around goals," said a senior government official who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Michael Barber, who has advised Justin Trudeau's Liberal government, oversaw the 'deliverology' system that was used by Tony Blair's Labour governments in the United Kingdom. (CBC)
Doing the math on more data
At best, this might lead to a better discussion about what government does, what issues it is trying to address and what policies make a difference.
At worst, new reporting could merely give the government new ways to claim success.
Much will depend on what metrics the government chooses to focus on, whether it can reasonably connect government activity with changes in social outcomes, and whether the government is willing to admit failure.
If it were easy or risk-free for the federal government to rigorously report on the actual impacts of its actions, someone probably would have done it by now.
At the very least, the Liberals seem to have realized there are significant gaps in what the government knows — the last federal budget committed more than $400 million to a half dozen data initiatives. Even still, it could take years to determine whether a policy made an impact.
Stockwell Day, Supriya Dwivedi, Jen Gerson and Robin MacLachlan discuss the cabinet retreat, and the ministers' consultation with "deliverology" expert Michael Barber. 8:24
In an interview, Kevin Page and Sahir Khan, formerly of the parliamentary budget office and now leading the Institute of Fiscal Studies at the University of Ottawa, say measuring performance will matter most if it is built into every step of the system: as part of determining how resources are allocated, how public servants are judged and how MPs vote on government spending.
And Page says it should be applied to all spending, not just the shiniest objects.
If you are a conservative who believes in limited government, there is less reason to worry about demonstrating that the government can actively deliver meaningful improvements to society.
But a government that pledges to spend more and involve itself in more areas has some incentive to show that all that money and activity has amounted to substantive change.
Ultimately, that is what the Liberals are contending with: not only a need to show that they can be trusted to do what they said they would do, but that their vision of government is supported by the evidence.
On 31 October 2016, 22:13:54 UTC, PrimeGrid's Seventeen or Bust subproject found the Mega Prime:
10223*2^31172165+1
The prime is 9,383,761 digits long and will enter Chris Caldwell's The Largest Known Primes Database ranked 7th overall.
This is the largest prime found attempting to solve the Sierpinski Problem and eliminates k=10223 as a possible Sierpinski number. It is also the largest known Proth prime, the largest known Colbert number, and the largest prime PrimeGrid has discovered. Among the 10 largest known prime numbers, it is the only prime that is not a Mersenne number, and the only known non-Mersenne prime over 4 million digits.
Until the Seventeen or Bust project shut down earlier in the year, this search was a collaboration between PrimeGrid and Seventeen or Bust. This discovery would not have been possible without all the work done over the years by Seventeen or Bust.
The discovery was made by Szabolcs Peter (SyP) of Hungary using an Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4770 CPU @ 3.40GHz with 12GB RAM, running Windows 10 Enterprise Edition. This computer took about 8 days, 22 hours, 34 minutes to complete the primality test using LLR.
The prime was verified on 29 November 2016, 05:45:19 UTC by Heidi Kohne (Heidi1) of the United States using an AMD A6-3600 APU with 6GB RAM, running Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium. This computer took about 27 days, 7 hours, 33 minutes to complete the primality test using LLR.
For more details, please see the official announcement.
Vox Machina go on a secret mission to the decimated city of Draconia, in the hopes of learning more about the Chroma Conclave.
Looking for some awesome Critical Role swag? Check out the Geek & Sundry store to find functional and fashionable things alike!
This week's episode of Critical Role was brought to you by Loot Crate! August's theme is ANTI-HERO! You can get your very own Loot Crate subscription here or pick up a Loot Crate DX subscription (which has even cooler goodies) right here! Walk the hero/villain line with this ​100% EXCLUSIVE collection of items from DC Comics, ​Archer, Dark Horse, and ​Kill Bill that includes ​2 great collectibles, a wearable and, of course, our monthly tee.​ And don't forget the pin!
Fans of geeky fashion, prepare yourself for Loot Wear. ​Previously known as Level Up, Loot Wear takes the incredible style and apparel options that you've come to know and love to the next level!​ Choose from socks, tees, wearables, and for their options—with more clothing lines coming soon. ​
Or even better: save and get the Basics Bundle, which equips you with both a tee and two pairs of socks every month.​ This month, we're going bad to look good with our ​ANTI­-HERO collection. ​Get socks featuring Suicide Squad and Punisher; a World of Warcraft t­shirt; a Harley Quinn item for their you'll go nuts over; and an Archer item you'll want on top of you. Uh, Phrasing… ​Sign up now and get equipped! ​Loot Wear—new look, same great style​.
Thousands of Chinese nationals have been deported from Ghana in a crackdown on the plunder of the country's gold by illegal miners.
Immigration authorities say more than 4,500 Chinese nationals have been repatriated after a series of swoops on illegal goldmines. The Guardian has learned that Ghana's government, which depends heavily on China for billions of dollars in loans and as a major trading partner, believes Beijing may be retaliating, damaging relations between the two countries.
"Of late we have seen a tightening of the visa regime at the Chinese embassy for Ghanaians. We don't know whether this is a manifestation of our actions to deport illegal Chinese goldminers," said Alhaji Inusah Fuseini, Ghana's minister of lands and mines.
"This is a matter for concern. Relations between China and Ghana go back a long way, and they had been on the rise until we started the expulsion of foreigners from our illegal mining sites. We didn't think China would take it to this extent."
China has denied that any of its actions are a retaliation for the deportation of illegal immigrants from Ghana. Ghana's government said claims that delays in Ghana being able to access a $3bn loan facility agreed with China recently were related to the current events. So far this year 1,577 illegal foreign miners have been arrested by the Ghanaian authorities, and more than 3,800 have submitted to deportation on a voluntary basis, according to the ministry for lands and mines. Immigration authorities said that in June and July alone 4,592 Chinese illegal immigrants were deported.
"All these Chinese were involved in illegal employment in Ghana, the majority in illegal goldmining," said Michael Amoako-Atta, a spokesperson for Ghana's immigration service. "This is only the first phase of our operations, we will be continuing in due course."
This year the Guardian exposed the scale of illegal Chinese goldmining in Ghana in a film that showed widespread excavating and use of toxic chemicals, and allegations of human rights abuses. Following the film Ghana's president, John Dramani Mahama, established a high-level taskforce, saying it was necessary to bring "sanity" to the mining sector.
Since then the government has launched a series of raids through the combined military, immigration and police taskforce. Towns that had swelled with the presence of illegal miners have been significantly affected, officials say. In Dunkwa, where the Guardian filmed this year, sources said the departure of Chinese had drastically affected the local economy.
"A very big change has happened in Dunkwa," said one source, who did not want to be named. "They were the ones who provided the mining equipment – most of the Ghanaians left behind cannot continue their operations. It has really affected the mining. The local people are complaining because they say the Chinese were good for business. Now everything has slowed down."
But many Ghanaians have lauded the government's efforts to curb illegal mining. The Chinese have attracted heavy criticism from Ghanaians for taking local jobs, wielding weapons such as AK-47 rifles, and polluting lakes and rivers.
"This illegal goldmining was compromising the environment. It was compromising the security of this country. It had a lot of social consequences and the government was losing a lot of resource revenue," said Fuseini, the mines minister. "The Chinese were just plundering the resources. So what we have done is take action to stop the plunder and ensure that the resource needs of this country are not any way depleted in ways that breaks resource revenue of the state."
By popular demand, Adobe Shape CC, Adobe Color CC, Adobe Brush CC, and Adobe Photoshop Mix are now all available for Android in the Google Play Store.
(formerly Project Candy) makes it effortless to capture and share production “looks” that combine quality lighting and color schemes for video, film and broadcast. Now the light and colors captured with an iPhone camera can be reflected across any video footage in Premiere Pro CC or After Effects CC.
Adobe Preview CC gives Photoshop CC designers precise, real‐time previews of their mobile designs.
Creative Cloud Libraries are more powerful than ever
The power and potential of Creative Cloud Libraries—to access images, colors, type styles, brushes, and files when and where you need them—is now even better, and available from more apps with support for Premiere Pro CC and After Effects CC. Integration with Adobe Stock lets you download royalty‐free images and vector graphics directly to Creative Cloud Libraries for effortless managing, sharing and use of stock content. We've also made Creative Cloud Libraries more powerful with support for Linked Assets, which allows you to update an asset once and automatically incorporate those changes within every document or project.
1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – The Army is developing new body armor that is more form-fitting for female Soldiers. (Photo Credit: U.S. Army) VIEW ORIGINAL
WASHINGTON (Army News Service, July 19, 2012) -- Today, both male and female Soldiers wear body armor that has been designed for men. But the Army plans to field to women next summer a new type of body armor, designed for them, that will be shorter in the torso with more customized adjustments specific to the female form.
Until that happens, the 14 percent of the Army who are women will continue to wear one of the 11 sizes of the Improved Outer Tactical Vest, or IOTV, that are worn by their male counterparts.
Following anthropomorphic sizing and fitting studies overseas, and also at Fort Bragg, N.C., West Point, N.Y., and Fort Campbell, Ky., between 2009 and 2011, Program Executive Office, or PEO, Soldier started developing female body armor prototypes that addressed the physical differences between the sexes.
Lt. Col. Frank J. Lozano, the product manager for Soldier Protective Equipment, said one thing their shop realized quickly from the studies was that women generally have narrower shoulders than males. The shoulder area on the new IOTV design was brought in closer to the neck by adding more fabric and opening the area around the armpits.
The change translates to increased range of motion in the shoulders and upper arms and also allows weapons to be seated in the shoulder weld. The extra material and adjustment straps also allows darting to be incorporated much as it is on a woman's blouse which will give a more secure and customized fit.
"Most females tend to have a narrow or thinner waist as it relates to the chest area, so we pulled the waist area in," Lozano said, adding that it's not always a one-to-one relationship. "Some women will want more room in the waist area so we allowed for adjustability in the cummerbund in the back which can be pulled in tighter or let out more than on the standard IOTV."
PEO Soldier also realized through its multiple studies that the typical torso length for women was for the most part shorter than that of men. The female IOTV will be shorter at the bottom. Lozano said the new design will keep the IOTV from rubbing on the hips, which can cause chafing while walking.
Female Soldiers had also advised PEO Soldier that the standard IOTV, with its longer torso, causes the front armor plate to press into their thighs when they are seated. This cuts off blood flow to their legs. The female version of the IOTV, with its shortened torso, will address this issue. Additionally, a new exterior plate pocket will allow the armor plate to be inserted from the side in a more diagonal fashion.
Though not part of the female version of the IOTV design, the Army is also looking for ways to develop armor plating that better conforms to the human body.
"The challenge right now is that when you bring in those complex curvatures, the plate loses some of its strength," Lozano said. "We're working with some armor manufacturers to invest in a manufacturing capability that finds the right chemistry to develop the soft and hard armor necessary to have a complex curved plate at a light weight that still defeats the threats."
Developments in protective plate design will make ballistic protection more comfortable and form-fitting for both female and male Soldiers, but that's a way off.
Lozano said in the September-October time frame PEO Soldier will begin fielding 100 prototypes to female engagement teams from the 101st Airborne Division to evaluate.
"There are 30 females who we'll provide with spares and repair parts," they said. "We'll hold some in reserve in case other females get added to the teams. They'll do user evaluations, then provide feedback to us that we'll wrap into the final iteration of the design and look to field to a brigade combat team by next summer."
Maria Sharapova has described having their two-year doping ban reduced to 15 months by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) as one of the ‘happiest' days of their career.
The tribunal cut the ban because of their lack of warning from the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) as well as the prescription from a Russian doctor based on medical reasons, rather than performance-enhancing, and the fact that they had used the drug for the past 10 years without any anti-doping violations.
Despite not agreeing with a number of the International Tennis Federation's (ITF) conclusions, they did however insist Sharapova retains most of the responsibility for the failed test.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Sharapova said: “I've gone from one of the toughest days of my career last March when I learned about my suspension to now, one of my happiest days, as I found out I can return to tennis in April.
“In so many ways, I feel like something I love was taken away from me and it will feel really good to have it back. Tennis is my passion and I have missed it. I am counting the days until I can return to the court.
“I have learned from this, and I hope the ITF has as well.”
Sharapova tested positive for meldonium in January of this year and subsequently handed a two-year ban from tennis, causing them to miss the Olympics, after an ITF tribunal ruled “she is the sole author of their own misfortune”.
In a statement, the ITF said: “Taking all of these circumstances into account, the CAS panel determined that, although Ms. Sharapova was at fault, their plea of No Significant Fault or Negligence should be upheld, triggering a discretion to reduce the otherwise applicable two year sanction by up to 50 per cent.
“Based on its analysis of Ms. Sharapova's degree of fault, the CAS panel decided that the sanction should be reduced in this case to 15 months.”
The appeal over their suspension was on the basis of the debate around the drug, which is a popular medication in Russia. There are arguments over how long it takes to leave the athlete's system and whether athletes received ample warning time ahead of it being added to WADA's banned list in January.
The five-time Grand Slam winner's lawyer John Haggerty suggested at the time of the ban that Sharapova had received an “unfairly harsh suspension because they are such a famous athlete and they wanted to make an example out of her”.
It is not the first time CAS has reduced the suspension imposed by the ITF after reducing Marin Cilic's nine-month ban to four and Viktor Toicki's 18 month ban to 12 in the past.
Keep up to date with all the latest news with expert comment and analysis from our award-winning writers
Indonesia's bustling capital is sinking faster than any other city in the world - but a mega project to protect it from encroaching seas is contested
By Thin Lei Win
BANGKOK, Sept 14 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Indonesia's bustling capital, Jakarta, is sinking faster than any other city in the world. But an ambitious plan to build a giant wall to keep out the encroaching sea has come under fire from fishermen who fear for their catches and homes, and water experts who say it doesn't do enough to tackle land subsidence.
The city's northern areas have sunk 4 metres (13 ft) in the past 40 years, Japanese experts say, while some 'hot spots' are said to be dropping as much as 20 centimetres a year.
The 10 million residents of the low-lying coastal city, built on a swampy plain, are exposed to tidal and seasonal flooding. In 2013, parts were submerged under nearly 2 metres of water after a heavy monsoon storm.
Jakarta's vulnerability to floods - already exacerbated by population growth, urbanisation and changing land use - rises with every centimetre the ground falls.
Experts and residents agree that over-extraction of groundwater for drinking and commercial use is largely responsible for the land subsidence.
What they don't agree on is how to tackle it. An iconic infrastructure project that is supposed to ease Jakarta's flooding woes is mired in uncertainty.
The Dutch, regarded as the foremost authorities on the concept of "living with water", are lending their expertise via the flood prevention plan involving a giant sea wall that will close off Jakarta Bay, which could cost up to $40 billion.
Critics, however, say the National Capital Integrated Coastal Development (NCICD) programme does not address land subsidence - the underlying reason for flooding.
At the same time, "the government is throwing away access to the sea" for tens of thousands of people in the bay who rely on fishing and fish-processing, said Ahmad Marthin Hadiwinata of the Indonesia Traditional Fisherfolk Union.
They worry that local residents will be evicted from their homes to make way for the new infrastructure.
Unveiled in 2014 - and better known as the "Great Garuda" or "Giant Sea Wall" - the project involves raising and strengthening the existing onshore embankment of Jakarta Bay, as well as constructing a 15-mile outer sea wall and developing real estate on artificial islands reclaimed from the ocean.
Seen from the air, the mega construction project was initially shaped like a garuda, the bird-god of Hindu mythology that is Indonesia's national symbol.
But the design was changed in response to opposition and a government request to incorporate another project led by private developers to build 17 artificial islands, said Victor Coenen, Indonesia representative for Witteveen+Bos, a Dutch engineering consultancy leading the NCICD consortium.
Its partners, which also include South Korea, are now awaiting the government's decision on the final plan, they added.
A June document outlining an updated NCICD master plan, seen by the Thomson Reuters Foundation, confirmed the new design and emphasised the importance of stopping land subsidence, as well as addressing water and sanitation issues.
The Ministry of National Development Planning did not respond to requests for comment.
FISHERMEN SUFFER
The NCICD is one of much water projects the Dutch have embarked on in their former colony. In May, Indonesia gave the go ahead to Dutch companies to build the world's largest tidal power plant in eastern Indonesia.
Three Dutch non-profit groups - Both ENDS, the Centre for Research on Multinational Corporations (SOMO) and the Transnational Institute - said in an April report that the NCICD threatened the livelihoods of tens of thousands of people and had failed to follow design guidelines that would apply in the Netherlands, calling it a "pseudo-solution".
Hadiwinata from the Fisherfolk Union said local communities also object to a lack of consultation and impact assessments.
At least 25,000 fishermen have been hit by work already done for the project and other land reclamation initiatives along Jakarta Bay, which have caused sedimentation, they added.
They have to go further to find fish, whose numbers are now very low, they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Many, including Hadiwinata, are hoping Anies Baswedan, who won a hard-fought election for the post of Jakarta governor in April, will stop or modify the project when they take office in October. Work was suspended for several months in 2016 amid regulatory and environmental concerns.
During their campaign, Baswedan was vocal about their opposition to the NCICD but has said nothing since. They were not available to comment for this article.
Coenen said stopping land subsidence is important but could take 15 to 20 years, meaning Jakarta should work on flood prevention at the same time. The future of the crowded city's flood protection lies offshore because it has no space for flood basins, they added.
"It's only a question of how far offshore you go, how big you want to build, and how long you want it to last, because the smaller the scheme, the shorter the lifetime will be," they said.
The project's first phase of strengthening the existing embankment along Jakarta's shoreline, which began in 2014, is about a third complete, Coenen said.
LEARNING FROM TOKYO
Critics of the NCICD are hoping a three-year project to study and stop land subsidence, agreed in July between Indonesia and Japan's international development agency JICA, could help.
It involves developing better monitoring systems to measure where subsidence is worst and groundwater extraction heaviest, raising awareness of the dangers, and undertaking mitigation measures such as regulating groundwater usage.
It may be one to two years before there is reliable, consolidated data on land subsidence, but the findings will feed into the NCICD, JICA said.
"Tokyo started regulating groundwater usage in the 1960s," said Jun Hayakawa, JICA's expert on water resource management. "By the early 1970s, the groundwater extraction and land subsidence stopped."
If most of Jakarta's groundwater usage can be prohibited, the city may soon see results, they said.
But this depends on how quickly the local and national governments can adopt regulations and provide alternative water sources, they added. That could be a major stumbling block.
Indonesian water expert Nila Ardhianie said around 65 percent of Jakarta's residents are forced to use groundwater because the piped water system only covers about a third of the population. But they put a larger share of the blame for land subsidence on commercial use by hotels, malls and businesses.
Nearly every large government building also draws on deep groundwater wells, even though many have piped water, because groundwater is free for public buildings in Jakarta, according to Dutch think tank Deltares.
Under the current system, operated by a city-owned water company and two private firms, universal access to piped water would be achieved only by 2022, too late to stop groundwater extraction in time to brake further land subsidence, the report from the Dutch non-profits said.
Tokyo also had to build sea walls but they were raised gradually, said JICA's Hayakawa, suggesting Jakarta could do the same. "We need sea walls to protect the lives and assets of people in Jakarta," they said.
(Reporting by Thin Lei Win, Editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
The Thomson Reuters Foundation is reporting on resilience as part of its work on zilient.org, an online platform building a global network of people interested in resilience, in partnership with the Rockefeller Foundation.
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Untitled a guest Oct 1st, 2013 58,060 Never a guest58,060Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.80 KB The Hotkeys I use for League - CLG Link Normal Casting : Q/R/T/F // Brother used this set up. Spread out and I stuck with it because we only had 1 computer. DotA hotkeys don't use this setup. Hotkeys change depending on hero to hero in DotA. Smart (Quick) Casting: Z/X/C/V // Don't like 2 button presses. This way I can alternate between normal/smartcasting anytime. Smart Casting Summoner Spells : D/E Leveling up Spells: skill1: Ctrl Q skill2: Ctrl R skill3: Ctrl T skill4: Ctrl F | G // G because my ultimate is on F. If I play Ahri and I'm hitting 6 on the next creep I can press G -> F in quick succession. Normal Casting Items : Space/4/5/6/7 Smart Casting Items : 3 // dfg/gunblade/bork Center on My Hero : 1 Center on X Hero : 6 // Varies on game to game basis. Usually my jungler or AD. In LCS I'll have it on Doublelift to see where they are in a teamfight Center on Other Heroes: F1/F2/F3/F4 Explanations/Individual [Weird?] Hotkeys W = changes depending on the game. Might be smartcast Q when I play Ezreal. It might be smart+selfcast E when I play Nidalee 2 = Smartcast+Selfcast Ultimate for when I play heroes like Zilean/Lulu/Lisssandra/Jayce/Elise who have some sort of ulti that usually needs to be selfcasted i can always resort to this Space = usually where I place my wards for lee sin. I'll press Space -> X or 5 -> R to ward hop. Back mouse button : Smartcast/Selfcast Spell #2 (For Lee sin Shield) Forward mouse button : Open shop I also switch the default hotkeys of S/H in League. This is cause Stop in League is really... Hold in DotA and Hold in League is really.... Stop in DotA. If that makes sense. It has it backwards for whatever reason. So this way, if you guys play DotA, you normally spam stop to last hit or deny. Now that I switched it in LoL, I can do the same.
RAW Paste Data
The Hotkeys I use for League - CLG Link Normal Casting : Q/R/T/F // Brother used this set up. Spread out and I stuck with it because we only had 1 computer. DotA hotkeys don't use this setup. Hotkeys change depending on hero to hero in DotA. Smart (Quick) Casting: Z/X/C/V // Don't like 2 button presses. This way I can alternate between normal/smartcasting anytime. Smart Casting Summoner Spells : D/E Leveling up Spells: skill1: Ctrl Q skill2: Ctrl R skill3: Ctrl T skill4: Ctrl F | G // G because my ultimate is on F. If I play Ahri and I'm hitting 6 on the next creep I can press G -> F in quick succession. Normal Casting Items : Space/4/5/6/7 Smart Casting Items : 3 // dfg/gunblade/bork Center on My Hero : 1 Center on X Hero : 6 // Varies on game to game basis. Usually my jungler or AD. In LCS I'll have it on Doublelift to see where they are in a teamfight Center on Other Heroes: F1/F2/F3/F4 Explanations/Individual [Weird?] Hotkeys W = changes depending on the game. Might be smartcast Q when I play Ezreal. It might be smart+selfcast E when I play Nidalee 2 = Smartcast+Selfcast Ultimate for when I play heroes like Zilean/Lulu/Lisssandra/Jayce/Elise who have some sort of ulti that usually needs to be selfcasted i can always resort to this Space = usually where I place my wards for lee sin. I'll press Space -> X or 5 -> R to ward hop. Back mouse button : Smartcast/Selfcast Spell #2 (For Lee sin Shield) Forward mouse button : Open shop I also switch the default hotkeys of S/H in League. This is cause Stop in League is really... Hold in DotA and Hold in League is really.... Stop in DotA. If that makes sense. It has it backwards for whatever reason. So this way, if you guys play DotA, you normally spam stop to last hit or deny. Now that I switched it in LoL, I can do the same.
Davis Boswell and their Auburn family have a renewed lease on life thanks to an LSU family's generosity.
The story of the Boswell and Perry families is heartbreaking, uplifting and special.
Davis Boswell, a 15-month old baby, received a heart transplant after waiting 115 long days from a LSU family in Monroe, La. The Perry's 6-month-old son, John Clarke, had severe brain bleeding and died.
The family decided to donate Clarke's organs, including their heart, and a prayer was answered for Davis Boswell and their family.
The two families now meet every year for the Auburn-LSU game, and on Friday night they met LSU and Auburn coaches Les Miles and Gus Malzahn. Their breathtaking story was shared on ESPN College GameDay today.
Check out the beautiful piece below:
Our credit card articles, reviews and ratings maintain strict editorial integrity ; however we may be compensated when you click on or are approved for offers from our partners. How we make money .
When you pay with a rewards credit card, you might get airline miles, points redeemable for merchandise, or cash back into your account. Ever wonder who's footing the bill?
Every time you pay with a debit or credit card, retailers get charged an "interchange fee" from card issuers to accept the payment. Interchange fees vary from card to card, but typically hover between 1 and 3 percent of the final purchase price, according to a study by the Government Accountability Office.
Since rewards and cash back cards usually come with higher interchange fees than traditional credit and debit cards, critics argue that the benefits of these cards may not be worth the increased cost they place on retailers. Do retailers pass these costs on to their customers? Are your reward credit card offers really rewarding you?
No free lunch for the consumer
The major reason that interchange fees for rewards credit cards are higher than those for traditional cards is because banks use the interchange fee to help subsidize the cost of the rewards program, says Scott Schuh, senior economist, policy advisor and director of The Consumer Payments Research Center at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston.
"[Rewards are] a cost to the bank and like any economic unit, they typically try to recover their costs with the price of the product," Schuh explains. "... A card that does not pay rewards is a low-cost card to the bank and a card that pays high rewards is a high-cost card to the bank."
Higher interchange fees generally mean a higher cost of doing business for the retailer, adds Schuh, which may translate to higher costs for the consumer, particularly in highly competitive markets. They can also translate to action retailers take to minimize or eliminate interchange fees and reward consumers who pay with cash or check rather than plastic.
Why some merchants prefer cash
Under current law, merchants can choose if they want to accept credit cards at all and, if so, which cards they want to process. It's illegal to add a surcharge for paying by credit card, but retailers may offer a discount for consumers who pay by cash or check.
Trish Wexler, spokesperson for the Electronic Payments Coalition, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit that represents the interests of banks, credit unions and major payment networks including Visa and MasterCard, says that a discount for cash payment makes sense in certain industries.
"Particularly from gas retailers you're more likely to see [cash discounts] because…people will tend to pay at the pump, but the real profits from that industry are inside the store," Wexler says.
The incentive for you to use cash instead of your gas credit card sidesteps interchange fees and gets you inside the store, walking past marked-up goods as you get out your wallet. In other businesses, making room for rewards credit cards, even with their higher fees, can still make good financial sense, says Wexler.
"[Reward and cash back cardholders] bring with them higher value to that retailer because rewards cardholders tend to spend more at those stores," Wexler explains. "It's a better business proposition for that retailer."
How to fight back
Interchange fees are actually just a portion of what merchants pay to process credit card transactions, says Heather Petersen, CEO of the National Merchants Association, an advocacy group in Burbank, California that focuses on optimizing credit card processing for small and medium-sized businesses. On top of interchange fees, retailers also pay smaller surcharges to the card processor, the consumers' financial institution and other parties.
"The FTC has regulated some of it, but you [could] see everything from customer service fees to debit access fees, statement fees, PCI [Payment Card Industry] compliance fees," Petersen says. "You name it, you can find it, I'm sure."
While business owners can't eliminate interchange fees, they can ensure that they're not overpaying by having a third party group like the National Merchants Association optimize their processing contracts, says Petersen.
Likewise, if you're a consumer, you can't get rid of the increased cost caused by interchange fees, but you can save money by not overspending on your rewards credit cards and by maximizing your rewards to ensure that the markup you're paying off in the end. That means using rewards points or miles in a timely manner, taking steps to ensure that rewards don't expire and staying within the limits of the reward card program.
The statue of the Little Angel arose out of a 1997 competition, won by the Dutch sculptor Ton Mooy, to create 40 statues, including 14 angels, to replace those on the cathedral that time and pollution had ruined. The Little Angel was the only unconventional one.
“You can make a phony Gothic statue,” Mr. Mooy, 63, said in their studio in Amersfoort, about an hour north of here. “That's not what I wanted. It had to fit in with what was always on the church, namely, refinement, emotion. Angels are there to guide, to protect people, they get messages from above. How do you show that? With a cellphone.”
Photo
“I tell kids, ‘There's one button on that cellphone,' ” they said with a chuckle — a direct line to heaven. “So they don't get naughty, calling other angels.”
The cathedral, which dates to 1220, has a centuries-old tradition of unusual, sometimes bawdy, art. One medieval statue is of a bricklayer bending over and baring their bottom. Some is tragic. A stained glass window over the main entrance depicts the apocalypse with a panel showing the Sept. 11 attack on the twin towers.
Catholic Church officials who administer the immense Gothic cathedral, dedicated to St. John the Evangelist, are not entirely amused. “Success has many fathers,” said Pieter Kohnen, a cathedral board member. “And maybe exploiters.”
The couple do not charge a fee for calls to the Little Angel, and insist they are not profiting from its spreading fame. But in December the church set up an official number for the public to phone the angel — for $1.07 a minute. Now, a sign next to the cathedral invites passers-by to “Call the Angel.” A man's voice answers, giving the caller several options: “Dial 1, for a history of the church; dial 2, to learn what Christianity is about,” and so forth.
“We chose a male actor, for their trustworthy voice,” explained Mr. Kohnen, noting that the number gets about 100 calls a week. The goal, they said, was, “to promote the gospel, evangelize, but also financial.” About $940,000 a year is required for the cathedral's upkeep.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Competition has erupted. The Little Angel is a celebrity. Church attendance may be flagging and the Catholic Church's image tarnished by past child-abuse cases, but the cathedral has become the buzz of the town.
Callers to the earlier number, where they pay only the regular rate for calling a cellphone, never get an answering machine, the woman who provides the angel's voice explained. “I say, ‘Hello, this is the Little Angel,' and then various things can happen,” they said.
Not all callers are in dire need of help. “Kids under 10 are the best,” they said with a laugh. “What language do I speak? What's for dinner? Are you cold? What about the rain, no umbrella?”
Photo
Students seek help with exams, others with driving tests. “My answer's always the same: I will blow some angel magic to you,” the woman said. Others just want to vent. “They talk about the church, about the abuse scandals, and so forth,” they said.
“In most cases there is laughter, but there are callers who have no faith in friends or relatives, so they would like to talk to someone they have some kind of faith in,” they said. A widow in their 80s called from Amsterdam to complain of loneliness — bad weather prevented them going out and there was no one to bring in groceries; moreover, their sink needed repairs for the equivalent of $135.
“She said she'd lost faith in humanity, in their own family,” said the woman who lends the angel a voice. Two weeks later the elderly woman called again, to thank the angel. Things had gotten better.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Albert van Osch, 52, a musician, liked the angel so much they brought their mother and a friend to admire them on a recent rainy afternoon. “These are modern times,” they said. “This is completely modern.”
The woman who gives the angel a voice said they try to impart a message of tolerance. A school class called recently from the southern province of Zeeland. “The kids asked why Catholics eat pork and Muslims don't,” they said. “I said, ‘Well, Hindus are not allowed to eat cows, so perhaps Catholics are very much in between.”
They do not feel they are deceiving anyone by impersonating the angel. “If someone is serious, I am serious,” they said. “If someone is calling for a prank, I go along with that.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The couple knows that church officials are displeased. “They would like us to stop, though they haven't told us directly,” the husband said. “We are not getting any money, and we are not competing with the church.”
 They are not sure how much longer they will do it. “Till I get fed up with it, I guess,” the wife said. “Sometimes it's hard.”
But it is still fun, too. When Steve Jobs died, the phone rang endlessly. The angel, they said, told callers: “Steve Jobs will soon arrive upstairs — perhaps I'll get a new model!”
An immigration protest group calling themselves the "Cosecha Movement" have unfurled a large banner near the Sumner Tunnel that reads, "Un Dia Sin Inmigrantes," meaning "A Day Without Immigrants."
Members of the movement told Fox25 that they are protesting President Donald Trump's immigration policy.
"We are live from East Boston reminding the immigrant community that this country depends on our labour power to be able to function," a post on the group's Facebook page reads.
Less than a week after taking office, President Trump has signed executive orders to strip federal funding for sanctuary cities, and ordered the construction of a massive wall on the Mexican border.
The group first unfurled the banner in the Sumner Tunnel bridge, attempting to hang it over so passing drivers could see it. Authorities said the group was not allowed to hang the banner but they could unfurl it while standing on the bridge.
The Cosecha movement members are now parading their 40-foot banner on the streets of Boston. According to WHDH.com, the group will be moving their demonstration to Maverick Square.
According to a post on the group's Facebook page, today's demonstration is part of a week-long protest called, "A week without immigrants." The purpose of the protest is to demonstrate America's dependence on foreign labor.
Government Tax Foreclosure Houses Provide Valuable Investment Opportunities
Category Rss Feed - http://www.realestateproarticles.com/rss.php?rss=265
By : Julie Thompson
The present real estate market offers valuable investment opportunities for many people looking for a good deal and strong return on investment. Government tax foreclosure houses are available in abundance, and when there is an abundance of any commodity, it is generally true that reduced prices can be found. Government tax foreclosure houses are properties that have been foreclosed upon by the government for failure to pay taxes. The government has the right to attach liens to a property deed in order to recoup outstanding taxes.
It is also important to take note of a few important facts when considering investing in government tax foreclosure houses. This kind of real estate investment is not only open to the experienced real estate investor, even first time homeowners and first time investors who want to make a good return on their investment are venturing into this market. The point of taking this route is to obtain more value for money.
Bear in mind that not all government tax foreclosure houses are a good investment. You have to take a look at the value of similar properties in the same area to assess if the house is worth the asking price. It is also important to note if the neighborhood is a good one, are there schools nearby, are the neighbors friendly and is there any future growth likely to happen.
The financial condition of Government tax foreclosure houses also has to be understood. It is vital for the investor to determine if all liens have been cleared from the deed, or if there are still liens and other costs attached. Generally speaking though, if the property has already been purchased on auction by the lender or government, the title is cleared and the house id ready to go. But check this anyway!
Make use of a reliable listing service to search for properties that meet your investment criteria. The investor needs to determine a budget and stick to this, they also need to determine what they are looking for in terms of size and type of property. A reliable listing service will help a great deal to ensure the investor is not looking at Government tax foreclosure houses that are out of their budget and do not meet any of their other requirements. This is a waste of valuable time.
Make sure that you have the funds available before looking for foreclosure properties. The investor never knows when the right one will come up and has to be prepared or it will be snatched out from under him. Research lenders who are prepared to loan funds to qualified applicants for the purchase of government tax foreclosure houses.
It might be wise to join an investors club, these are many and dealing with people who have a wealth of experience in this field can assist the inexperienced investor immensely. There are many investors who are already making good profits in this business and investing in their business is also a good way to make profits without going to the trouble of buying and selling foreclosed real estate.
Search foreclosures by state or get more information on foreclosure houses at ForeclosureRepos.com
Buy Photo Alex Sidorov, left, Maneet Chauhan and Chris Cheung are the culinary team behind Tansuo, a new Asian-inspired restaurant opening in the Gulch in the fall. (Photo: Jim Myers / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
Forget the manna. The heavens have parted and dumplings will fall.
Finally, Nashville might have the Chinese restaurant we have long prayed for.
Maneet Chauhan has pulled another coup to partner with well-respected chef Chris Cheung to create the menu for their new Chinese restaurant concept called Tánsuŏ, which is the Cantonese verb "to explore."
The proof will be in the execution when the restaurant opens in September or October, but all the elements for great, authentic and thoughtful Chinese food will be in place. Yes, it's being called Asian-inspired, but it will be truly Chinese at its very core. Here's why:
Cheung has both the pedigree and the skills to realize this dream. They grew up in Chinatown in New York, learning wok technique at their uncle's small shop that served simple food to working-class Chinese people.
"Great Chinese food is peasant food, but it's been perfected for thousands of years. You take the humblest of ingredients and make them taste really good," said Cheung, in town to prepare a media preview dinner Tuesday evening.
After growing up steeped in the Cantonese culinary tradition, Cheung's professional training began at the side of Jean-Georges Vongerichten at Vong, an upscale Thai concept in New York. They were then part of the opening team at Morimoto Masaharu's Nobu before cooking alongside Wylie Dufresne and Didier Virot at Jean-Georges.
Rising along the way, they became chef de cuisine at Celadon and then executive chef at Ruby Foo's, learning Hong Kong-style dim sum from Chef Lam. New York critics began to take note of their skills when they opened Tiger Blossom and then earned accolades at the helm of Monkey Bar.
Wanting to go deeper still, Cheung traveled with their wife to the small village where they grew up near Shanghai, working their way up to be the town banquet cook.
"They didn't trust me at first and wouldn't let me near the wok," they say of the rustic experience. "There was limited electricity, so we started dinner at 10 a.m. when it was light out. These weren't woks over high BTU gas jets, either. We cooked over lower heat from bamboo fires.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Ms. Cheap newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Ms. Cheap shares their favorite bargains and frugal finds in this weekly newsletter. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-342-8237. Delivery: Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Ms. Cheap Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"There was no refrigeration, everything was harvested that day," they add, saying they pulled creatures from the sea that they still haven't figured out what they were. It also gave them a deep appreciation for scale and breadth of Chinese cuisine, the thousands of uses for rice and how much can be done with so little.
Cheung is excited about this new opportunity. He's a self-professed Johnny Cash fan who calls "Live at Folsom Prison" one of the best albums ever made. They also liken the Nashville culinary renaissance to what they saw happen in Brooklyn over the past decade.
While Cheung will not be moving here, they plan to run up their frequent-flier account and travel here every week.  They are also installing their most successful protege, chef Alex Sidorov, who arrived from Siberia eight years ago and showed early promise, giving Cheung the chance to develop an ambitious chef in the way they learned from others.
Sidorov, who grew up in the country, says they prefer a city Nashville's size to New York and jumped at the chance when offered.
Cheung will continue to operate their small, 16-seat restaurant in Brooklyn, East Wind Snack Shop, where they continue to cook and turn out almost 1,000 dumplings each day.
This will be the third leg of Chauhan's Morph Hospitality group, along with Chauhan Ale & Masala House and the new Mockingbird Diner, all adjacent properties in the Gulch at 121-123 12th Ave. N.
Reach Jim Myers at 615-259-8367 on Instagram@culinarityand on Twitter@ReadJimMyers.
To learn more
Tansuo
121-B 12th Ave. N
www.tansuonashville.com
&amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/29N4Sr0
The "Queens Is The Future" mural on Northern Bouelvard now features Spider-Man. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Katie Honan
JACKSON HEIGHTS — A neighborhood mural was redone last month and now features the borough's most famous superhero.
The "Queens Is The Future" mural on a handball court at I.S. 145 at Northern Boulevard and 80th Street was redone as part of a visit from the cast and crew of "The Amazing Spider-Man 2," students said.
The mural now shows Spider-Man lifting a subway car, filled with students, as it rides next to the Statue of Liberty. There's also a bright orange and yellow sun, all within the original frame of the mural.
The original mural was designed in 2007 by Joshua Frankel and Eve Biddle, according to the artists. It was commissioned by NY Cares, they said.
The original artists did not immediately respond to an email for comment. A message left for the school was not returned.
You may have read Marlon James' award-winning book A Brief History of Seven Killings, which is a sprawling novel that spans decades and chronicles the attempted assassination of Bob Marley in 1976 in Jamaica, and its aftermath. Their next project takes a step away from history fiction and dives head first into epic high fantasy bringing together many of their passions into a trilogy just waiting to set the world of fire.
Marlon James is a self-proclaimed fantasy geek, and they had expressed the desire to “geek the hell” out of something for quite some time. After getting in an argument over the lack of diversity in the casting of The Hobbit films, James had an idea. As they explained to Entertainment Weekly, they decided to create their own sprawling fantasy trilogy focusing on the vast range of African mythology and legends rather than the Nordic and Celtic legends that Tolkien drew their inspiration from.
The intricate plot to the series, called the Dark Star trilogy, is understandably being kept under wraps. But broadly, it will focus on a slave trader who hires a band of mercenaries to track down a boy that is believed to be kidnapped. The trilogy will span several years, and will be told in different perspectives. It won't be until the final book that readers will learn the truth about what has happened to the boy.
And just like Frodo and Sam's seemingly innocuous journey to destroy a piece of pernicious jewelry was punctuated by lore and fantastic creatures throughout Middle Earth, the Dark Star trilogy's adventures will have amazing creatures and mythology for readers to discover. And since African mythology and legends haven't been well represented in a lot of high fantasy, it will be a great change for readers who love fantasy and mythology to learn about an entirely new and fantastic facet of fantasy.
But attempting to write a fantasy epic with Tolkien as your inspiration is no small feat, and James certainly isn't treating it as one. He's been researching African legends, mythology, and lore for years, and while they aren't creating their own unique language like Tolkien did with Elvish (yet, anyway, according to The Guardian, they aren't officially ruling it out), he's been researching African languages to punctuate their story and will stuff their books with lengthy maps and appendices just like Tolkien did. We'll keep you up to date about this series as we learn more about it in the near future.
Are you excited to read the Dark Star trilogy? What are some of your favorite, lesser-known legends and lore? Tell us your thoughts in the comments!
Image credit: Penguin Random House
Oh, my.
Related Stories Watch the Call Me by Your Name Trailer
Today, we got the trailer for Call Me by Your Name, the standout gay romance that premiered at Sundance about Armie Hammer and Timothée Chalamet giving each other significant glances in Italy. The film is based on the novel by André Aciman, directed by A Bigger Splash's Luca Guadagnino, and written by Merchant Ivory's James Ivory. But enough about the details of the film: What we're here to discuss today is the sexual tension on display in the trailer, for it is a thing of true beauty and delight, and a perfect opportunity to make GIFs — lots of them. The next time you consider using something as crude as a winky face or eggplant emoji, consider sending one of these refined creations instead.
Let's start things off with some light gazing across the room, as Oliver (Hammer) admires Elio (Chalamet) fingering the ivories.
If you haven't read Call Me by Your Name, I'm not going to say what happens with a peach. But rest assured: Stuff happens with a peach.
That face when someone mentions knots.
You have my attention.
It's always a sign when guys are really into the Greeks.
Time to get serious — like, “going from playing a kid in Homeland to starring in a romantic drama based on a book” serious.
Gaze longingly at me across a stretch of greenery on a hot Italian summer day in a way that makes me question my sexuality and spurs me on a journey of self-discovery I will reckon with throughout the rest of my life, daddy.
I'm pretty sure this GIF is somehow actually a Sufjan Stevens lyric.
Hello.
Okay, that was intense, so here are a pair of lighter GIFs, just so we relax for a second. Roughhousing! Roughousing is fun.
Spinning is great, and very romantic. Anyway, brace yourselves, because up next we have …
(Any caption I would try to write here would probably be deleted by my editor.)
Yes, this is an appropriate reaction to the above.
Let's lighten it up with some dancing.
Now, time to bike away with this joy.
Oh and let's watch the trailer again, for old time's sake.
9/11 Whistleblower Rowley on Mueller's History of “Cover-up”
COLEEN ROWLEY, rowleyclan [at] earthlink.net, @ColeenRowley
Rowley, a former FBI special agent and division counsel whose May 2002 memo to then-FBI Director Robert Mueller exposed some of the FBI's pre-9/11 failures, was named one of TIME magazine's “Persons of the Year” in 2002. They just appeared on The Real News report “Special Counsel Investigating Trump Campaign Has Deep Ties to the Deep State,” about Mueller being appointed to investigate the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.
While Mueller has been widely described as being of impeccable character by much of official Washington, Rowley said today: “The truth is that Robert Mueller (and James Comey as deputy attorney general — see my New York Times op-ed on day of Comey's confirmation hearing) presided over a cover-up …”
In their interview, Rowley noted: “The FBI and all the other officials claimed that there were no clues, that they had no warning [about 9/11] etc., and that was not the case. There had been all kinds of memos and intelligence coming in. I actually had a chance to meet Director Mueller personally the night before I testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee … [he was] trying to get us on their side, on the FBI side, so that we wouldn't say anything terribly embarrassing. …
“When you had the lead-up to the Iraq War … Mueller and, of course, the CIA and all the other directors, saluted smartly and went along with what Bush wanted, which was to gin up the intelligence to make a pretext for the Iraq War. For instance, in the case of the FBI, they actually had a receipt, and other documentary proof, that one of the hijackers, Mohamed Atta, had not been in Prague, as Dick Cheney was alleging. And yet those directors more or less kept quiet. That included … CIA, FBI, Mueller, and it included also the deputy attorney general at the time, James Comey.”
Rowley also noted that Mueller presided over “the ‘post 9-11 round-up' of innocent immigrants, the anthrax investigation fiasco, as well as going along with a form of martial law (made possible via secret OLC [Office of Legal Counsel] memos written by John Yoo etc. predicated upon Yoo's theories of absolute ‘imperial presidency' or ‘war presidency' powers that the Bush administration was making [Attorney General John] Ashcroft sign off on).”
“While not the worst of the bunch, neither Comey nor Mueller deserve their Jimmy Stewart ‘G-man' reputations for absolute integrity but have merely been, along the lines of George ‘Slam Dunk' Tenet, capable and flexible politicized sycophants to power, that enmeshed them in numerous wrongful abuses of power along with presiding over plain official incompetence. It's sad that political partisanship is so blinding and that so few people remember the actual sordid history.”
___
http://www.accuracy.org/release/911-whistleblower-rowley-on-muellers-history-of-cover-up/
The Ottawa Senators defeated the Colorado Avalanche 4-3 in overtime on Friday as part of the 2017 SAP NHL Global Series at Ericsson Globe in Stockholm. The teams will also play on Saturday. Senators defenseman Fredrik Claesson, who is from Stockholm, is a guest blogger for NHL.com. In their third entry, they talk about scoring a goal for their sick grandmother:
STOCKHOLM -- Last night I was really nervous. Me and Gabriel Landeskog were talking about it, how it was going to feel to play on Friday at Ericsson Globe. Both them and me were really nervous. Waking up this morning, it was nice to get on the ice, do all the routines that we do and then it was hard to nap today. I was just thinking so much. But it was really nice to just step on the ice and just try to do my thing and play simple.
[RELATED: Duchene glad to put first game with Senators behind them | Claesson has special request for dinner with family]
I think the first shift, actually, I started to feel like it was something that I can do and just got more comfortable after every shift. Then playing with Erik Karlsson makes it a little easier too. It's nice to have them back there.
On my goal, Karl got it back and they passed to Mike Hoffman and then Hoff just played it over to me, a nice little play there, and I saw Chris DiDomenico in front and I saw the goalie was on the other side and I got a good shot there.
It meant so much to score. I think really for my family and then my grandmother, who's been at the hospital, telling me, "I want to see a goal. I want to see a goal. No more hits, no more hits. I want to see goals." I told her, "It's going to be tough. I'm going to try my best." You never know.
But that goal was for them  They are fighting and it was really nice to see them yesterday. My first point of the season, too.
Video: Global Series: Stockholm native Claesson nets goal
I don't score that often, but I tried to shoot it as much as I can. But that feeling, I don't think anything beats that, really. It was really fun.
The last time I scored here must have been seven years ago. Seven years ago I played here, for Djurgarden against AIK. I did that celebration and that's where it comes from. I've just got to stick with it. Of course, it was totally different than the last time. I don't really know how to explain it. It's just overwhelming.
It hasn't really sunk in yet. I think as soon as I get to see the highlights it kind of sinks in a little bit. But it's a new game tomorrow, you can't just think about that. I can think about it tonight and regroup tomorrow.
This whole thing has been great, especially for Swedish hockey, for the young kids to see how good the hockey is over there in the NHL and how hard you have to work for it. That's the main reason, but playing in my hometown - I live right here - that's unbelievable. Johnny Oduya lives here too and Karl is from Gothenburg - you heard the crowd at the beginning there, when they called their name. That was unbelievable. I think for all of us it's a really good feeling and a thing I never will forget.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Workers who help drug addicts kick the habit are concerned about a recent spike in fatal overdoses.
While officials numbers are not yet known due to the time it takes for toxicology reports to be finished, officials with the McShin Foundation, a non-profit group for recovering addicts and alcoholics, said upwards of 30 people have fatally overdosed on heroin in that last week across Metro-Richmond.
The issue may stem from an ingredient in the drug called Fentnyl, which may be linked to the heroin overdose increase.
Kristin Roope, a coordinator with the foundation, said the agency has seen close to 30 deaths from overdoses.
Officials in Richmond, Chesterfield, and Henrico could not pinpoint an exact number of heroin-related overdose deaths a over the last week.
The Chief Medical Examiner of Virginia said toxicology tests to determine cause of death can take up to 12 weeks to complete.
Chesterfield County Police were able to report 47 overdoses so far this year, nine of which have been fatal.
In Richmond, there have been three reported deaths so far in 2016.
Henrico has not reported any deaths because they have not yet received the official toxicology report from the Medical Examiner.
Again, since the tests can take up to 12 weeks to complete, it is possible none of the heroin-related overdose deaths in the county so far this year have been officially linked to the drug.
CBS 6 reporter Sandra Jones talked to 21-year-old Jordon, who said they became addicted to painkillers after their appendectomy.
That addiction led to heroin and eventually an overdose. He's been clean for two months now.
“I was a slave to the drug... I didn't think that I would be happy," they said. "When you're in active addiction, you really don't care about dying because you've gotten to such a low point that you feel like there's no hope for you."
Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring chided state lawmakers for killing a bill that would hold heroin dealers, traffickers, and other drug dealers accountable when their drugs result in a fatal overdose.
"Virginians are losing their lives every day to cheap, potent heroin and tools to hold dealers and traffickers accountable are a critical part of addressing this problem, along with education, prevention, and treatment," Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring said. "Too often the parents of young people who have died from an overdose feel like no one really cares that their child was taken from them and they're resigned to the fact that the dealer will never really face consequences for what they've done. We can't turn a blind eye to dangerous criminals who are profiting off addiction. We've been able to help prosecute a number of these cases at the federal level, but the fact is our local Commonwealth's Attorneys need a proper state level tool to hold dealers and traffickers accountable when their drugs kill a Virginian."
Author's Note: When it's time to sit down with the sports therapist, it's time to sit down and chat the latest in Badgers sports. Lately, the therapist's office has been a happy place, and today is no different. All aboard they hype train! Anything I said is denoted with a [G]. Anything my sports therapist said is denoted with a [D] ... as in "Doctor."
[G] Hey, Doc. Knock knock.
[D] Who's there?
[G] Aranda.
[D] Aranda who?
[G] ARANDACONDA! That's who! Boom baby. No. 1 defense in the world! Can you believe it? I thought this defense would never be good after losing the likes of Chris Borland and J.J. Watt, but boy was I wrong. I now truly understand that it's not players who win football games, but the coaches.
[D] Well now, that might be a bit of an overstatement, Greg, but I certainly understand the excitement. Two complete defensive shutdowns in a row to teams averaging 30.3 and 24.2 points per game.
[G] I feel as if the defense has heard everyone grumbling about this team. The Arandaconda, as they shall henceforth be known, is absolutely the type of coach who starts their defensive team meetings by yelling and throwing newspaper clippings at their players. Did you know they were "irritated" with the team for not shutting out Maryland? Just look at theirs face. That is the face of a man I would follow into battle. It's like Mel Gibson in the movie The Patriot. You're following them into whatever battle they point you to, no questions asked. This defense is clicking, it's in sync and I wouldn't be surprised one bit if Purdue can't even score.
[D] While very enticing to think, Greg, you're succumbing to your expectations once again.
[G] Oh fooey! This is the Arandaconda we're talking about! Do you know how an anaconda kills you, doc? You're paralyzed. By the time you realize you need to get the hell away from that snake, it's already wrapped around you, squeezing, forcing the air from your lungs. It's almost effortless.
[D] Well all that is well and good, Greg, but there's a whole other side to this football game called the offense...
I feel my elation fade as I begin to think about the passing game. I'm not angry, just painfully aware. Why are they always such a buzzkill?
[G] The two-quarterback system is a trainwreck. It really is. Tanner comes into run, but they throw interceptions. Joel comes in and they run, or throws it into the dirt. All we need for this team is an Alex Smith, a Trent Dilfer, if you will. Trent Dilfer has a segment about dropping beautiful passes, and they never even was known for dropping beautiful passes! Tanner should never, ever throw. If they have to throw, they should throw it as high and as far out of bounds as they can. If they do that, they should be able to make it look realistic enough. I get wanting to put Tanner into the game to hold the defense accountable or whatever, but jeez.
[D] Would you say the quarterback position is this team's Achilles heel?
[G] Of course it is. But Achilles was still a pretty badass warrior for a long, long time. Plus, we have the benefit of knowing where our heel is located, so we can like, armor it and stuff.
[D] Right....
[G] OH! And another thing. Why are we not running some sort of read-punt pass shenanigans every time Bart Houston rugby punts the ball? They already take about six steps in a direction. Why not just have them look to see if someone is wide open?
[D] Well, Greg, it's important to weigh the risks versus the rewards in that situation, especially given field position.
[G] Yea, yea. It's just such a waste of Bart's arm. Have you ever noticed that Melvin Gordon pretty much walks into the end zone, no matter how many people are around him? I don't think I've seen them fall into the end zone more than once, maybe twice this year. Total Achilles move.
[D] We've talked at length about how great Melvin is, although I never tire of hearing it. I'm curious at your thoughts about the Badgers moving back into the top 25. Do you see a conference championship game appearance in their future?
[G] Yes. I am so on the hype train again. I can't believe the chips are falling for us right now. Obviously, a lot of hypothetical things need to fall our way (and a lot of wood-knocking), but I can't wait to leave Bo Pelini looking like this after we stomp Nebraska:
It's the toughest stretch of our season, and playing at Iowa will be no joke, but this team is in the right place, at the right time.
[D] Indeed. Speaking of expectations, ESPN named Frank Kaminsky the No. 1 player in the country. How does that make you feel?
[G] Bold and liberated. Frank Kaminsky squats 300 pounds. They play FIFA so hard that pillows fly into blinds at their command. I love him. He's a man of the people. I've fallen so hard. Detective Frank Kaminsky is on the case, and he's about to wreck this league. But I've gotta run here, these Arandaconda memes won't start themselves.
Guest essay by Dave Burton
Josh Willis, of NASA JPL, has a new video out entitled, “Straw Men of the Apocalypse – How to deal with your climate change denying uncle.”
Notice that “catastrophic” is apparently not scary enough, these days. Global warming is now “the Apocalypse.”
The video starts out with two guys crawling along the parched ground under the blazing desert sun. One of them says to the other, “We're gonna die out here, man. If only society had done more to fight climate change.” And it goes downhill from there.
There's really nothing new in their video, nor in this article debunking it. So if you're a “regular” at WUWT, and you're hoping to learn something new, you needn't bother reading the rest.
I counted eight claims in Josh Willis's video. Let's look at them, one by one:
Claim #1. “Record high global temperatures may have exacerbated our current situation.”
Wrong . “Global warming” mostly just warms higher latitudes. It makes harsh, cold climates milder. The warming effect at low latitudes is slight, and mostly increases nighttime lows, not daytime highs.
If those fellows are dying in the hot desert, they obviously are not at higher latitudes. Where they are, global warming is slight.
In fact, higher CO2 levels make plants more drought-resistant. So, thanks to anthropogenic CO2, deserts and near-deserts are shrinking and greening, most strikingly in the Sahel & Sahara. Even the severely politicized National Geographic admits that it is happening, though they don't mention CO2:
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2009/07/090731-green-sahara.html
Claim #2. “For the past 30 years the energy from the sun has decreased, but…”
Half true . Other than fluctuating up and down with the sunspot cycle, total solar irradiance has been very, very flat for the last 30 years. It has declined, but not noticeably until the last 15-20 years, and only slightly even then. A quick Google search finds many graphs; here's one of them:
http://www.scisnack.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/tsi_model_obs.jpg
Claim #3. “…but the Earth has continued to warm up.”
Half true . Until the just-ended El Niño, global warming had paused for about two decades. But we just had a very strong El Niño, and that pushed up the right-end of the linear fit, so that climate campaigners can now say that “the Earth has continued to warm up.” But it didn't exactly “continue” warming, it just “blipped up” in 2015-2016, due to the El Niño.
Here's a graph from a 2014 paper by Ben Santer (with many co-authors, including Gavin Schmidt):
http://sealevel.info/Santer_2014-02_fig2_graphC_1_100pct.png
They sought to subtract out the effects of ENSO (El Niño / La Niña) and the Pinatubo (1991) & El Chichón (1982) volcanic aerosols, from measured (satellite) temperature data, to find the underlying temperature trends. The black line is averaged CMIP5 models, the blue & red are measured temperatures, with those adjustments:
Two things stand out:
A. The models run hot. The CMIP5 models (the black line) show a lot more warming than the satellites. The models show about 0.65°C warming over the 35-year period, and the satellites show only about half that. And,
B. The “pause” began around 1993. The measured warming is all in the first 14 years (1979-1993). Their graph (with corrections to compensate for both ENSO and volcanic forcings) shows no noticeable warming since then.
Note, too, that although the Santer graph still shows an average of almost 0.1°C/decade of warming, that's partly because it starts in 1979. The late 1970s were the frigid end of an extended cooling period in the northern hemisphere. Here's a graph of U.S. temperatures, from a 1999 Hansen/NASA paper:
http://www.sealevel.info/fig1x_1999_highres_fig6_from_paper4_27pct_1979circled.png
The fact that when volcanic aerosols & ENSO are accounted for the models run hot by about a factor of two is evidence that the IPCC's estimates of climate sensitivity are high by about a factor of two, and it suggests that about half the warming since the mid-1800s (used to tune the models) was natural, rather than anthropogenic.
That's consistent with a TCR sensitivity of less than 1.0°C, which implies an ECS sensitivity of at most about 1.5°C, which most people would agree is nothing to worry about.
Claim #4. “The warming in the past century has been faster than at any time in the last several million years.”
That's nonsense. That fallacy is a product of statistical illiteracy. Paleoclimate information, inferred from indirect evidence like marine sediments, is naturally “smoothed,” by processes which blend the evidence from consecutive decades, centuries, and millennia. As every engineer knows, when you smooth a graph, sharp fluctuations disappear. But the climate campaigners apparently don't know that. They see a paleoclimate graph and say, “look, it took ten thousand years to change by 3°, that's much slower than the 20th century!” But, of course, they have no way of knowing how many times it went up or down by 2° in a decade during that ten thousand years.
The evidence is very strong that there's nothing unusual about the modest warming which the Earth has experienced over the last century. The current Modern Climate Optimum is very similar to the Medieval Warm Period and the Roman Climate Optimum, and probably cooler than most of the Eemian interglacial.
Claim #5. “With climate change threatening our way of life, your strawman argument could have apocalyptic consequences.”
That's complete rubbish. Unless you define “way of life” as starvation, and “threatening it” as feeding people, anthropogenic climate change is not threatening anyone's way of life. At least 15% of current agricultural production is directly due to the benefits of higher CO2 levels — probably more, actually.)
There's no excuse for the climate activists to be ignorant of this. It is not new information. Almost all commercial greenhouses use CO2 supplementation to improve plant growth and health. This photo is from an article in Scientific American nearly a century ago! The potatoes on the left were grown with the benefit of exposure to CO2-laden exhaust gases from a blast furnace. The potatoes on the right were grown under normal conditions:
http://www.sealevel.info/CO2_fertilized_potatoes_1920.png
The best evidence is that anthropogenic climate change is modest and benign, and anthropogenic CO2 is highly beneficial to both human agriculture and natural ecosystems. That's why I and 31,486 other American scientists signed the Global Warming Petition, declaring that:
“There is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide, methane, or other greenhouse gases is causing or will, in the foreseeable future, cause catastrophic heating of the Earth's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth's climate. Moreover, there is substantial scientific evidence that increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide produce many beneficial effects upon the natural plant and animal environments of the Earth.”
Claim #6. “The continent of Antarctica is actually losing ice, and it's happening faster every year, driving sea-levels higher around the world.”
That's a flat-out lie.
In Antarctica, ice accumulation and loss are very, very close to being in perfect balance. Whether Antarctica is actually gaining or losing ice mass is unknown.
This 2015 NASA study reported that Antarctica is gaining 82 ±25 Gt of ice per year:
http://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/nasa-study-mass-gains-of-antarctic-ice-sheet-greater-than-losses
Based on CryoSat, McMillan (2014) found Antarctica is losing 79 to 241 Gt/yr of ice, though that was based on only 3 years of data.
Based on GRACE, Shepherd (2012) concluded that Antarctica ice mass change since 1992 has averaged -71 +/- 83 Gt/yr, which means they couldn't tell whether it's actually gaining or losing ice mass.
Based on ICESat, Zwally (2012) found that Antarctica is gaining ice mass: +27 to +59 Gt/yr (averaged over five years), or +70 to +170 Gt/yr (averaged over 19 years).
The range from those various studies, with error bars, is from +170 Gt/yr to -241 Gt/yr, which is equivalent to just -0.47 to +0.67 mm/yr sea-level change.
That's equivalent to less than 3 inches of sea-level change per century. In other words, although we don't know whether Antarctica is gaining or losing ice, we do know the rate, either way, is so tiny that it's currently having a negligible effect on sea-level and on Antarctica's total ice sheet mass.
What's more, sea-level is not rising “faster every year.” Sea-level rise is extremely linear. There's been no significant, sustained, sea-level acceleration for over eight decades, anywhere in the world.
For example, Honolulu has an excellent long measurement record, with very little vertical land movement, and a typical trend:
http://www.sealevel.info/MSL_graph.php?id=Honolulu
http://sealevel.info/1612340_Honolulu_vs_CO2_annot1.png
Some places saw a slight sea-level rise acceleration in the late 1800s or early 1900s, but no acceleration since the 1920s. When CO2 rose above 310 ppmv, sea-level rise acceleration ceased.
Claim #7. “The bad impacts of global warming far outweigh the good ones.”
That's the opposite of the truth. The “bad impacts” of anthropogenic CO2 emissions are all theoretical — I could say imaginary. None of them are actually detectable. The good impacts, such as gains in agricultural output, and greening of arid regions, are huge, and well-documented.
Claim #8. “There's 97% scientific consensus.”
Most readers here know that's nonsense. (Refs: http://tinyurl.com/clim97pct )
The “97% scientific consensus” meme comes originally from an article by Dr. Peter Doran, based on a survey which they had their graduate student, Maggie Zimmerman, send to over 10,000 geophysical scientists. They got 3,146 responses. (BTW, I bought Ms. Zimmerman's thesis project report, so if anyone has any questions about it, do not hesitate to ask. My contact info is here: http://sealevel.info/contact.html )
It was a blatant scam. Doran didn't just put their thumb on the scale, they drove their SUV up onto the scale, and parked it there.
First, Doran picked just two questions for their survey, both of which were “gimmies,” designed to elicit the answers they wanted, rather than to actually learn anything about scientists' opinions. Both of those questions were so uncontroversial that even most climate change skeptics & “lukewarmers” would give the “right” answers.
Then Doran had their graduate student survey only people working in academia or government, known bastions of political liberalism. Geophysical scientists working in private industry, who tend to be more conservative, were not surveyed.
Then, after getting 3,146 responses back, for the purpose of calculating their “consensus” Doran excluded all but the most specialized specialists in climate science. (That's like asking only homeopaths about the efficacy of homeopathy, rather than asking the broader medical community, or like asking only people working on “cold fusion” whether cold fusion works, rather than asking all physicists.)
That eliminated over 97% of the respondents.
But even that apparently didn't get their “consensus” figure high enough. So to calculate their final “97.4%” result, Doran excluded respondents who gave a “skeptical” answer to the first of the two questions.
I'm not kidding, they really did.
The first question was:
“1. When compared with pre-1800s levels, do you think that mean global temperatures have generally risen, fallen, or remained relatively constant?”
Those who answered “remained relatively constant” were not asked the 2nd question, and were not counted when calculating Doran's “97.4%” consensus figure.
That's one of the reasons that, of 3,146 responses, only 77 were used for the “97.4%” calculation.
The second question was:
“2. Do you think human activity is a significant contributing factor in changing mean global temperatures?”
Well, of course it is! That encompasses both GHG-driven warming and particulate/aerosol-driven cooling. It could also be understood to include Urban Heat Island (UHI) effects.
Since just about everyone acknowledges at least one of those effects, I would have expected nearly everyone to answer “yes” to this question. Yet 2 of 77 apparently did not.
It is unfortunate that Doran didn't have their graduate student ask an actual question about Anthropogenic Global Warming. They should have asked something like, “Do you believe that emissions of CO2 from human activities, such as burning fossil fuels, are causing dangerous increases in global average temperatures?” or (paraphrasing President Obama) “Do you believe that climate change is real, human-made and dangerous?”
Of course, the reason they didn't use “real” questions like that is that their purpose wasn't to discover anything. It was to support a propaganda talking point.
That it was successful is demonstrated by the fact that people like Josh Willis continue to use that ridiculous talking point.
Dave Burton – www.sealevel.info
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Group D
U.S. moves into the knockout round
United States, 2-0-1, 7 points, +3 goal differential IN, 4 gf, 1 ga
The U.S. entered the tournament as co-favorites with Germany, but the Americans haven't looked brilliant yet. They have won their group, though, and they will be a heavy favorite in the Round of 16 on Monday in Edmonton against Colombia, which lost to England, 2-1, on Wednesday night. The Americans avoided a possible meeting with France in this round.
Australia, 1-1-1, 4 points, 0 goal differential IN, 4 gf, 4 ga
The Australians managed to exceed expectations despite being in the so-called Group of Death, finishing ahead of Sweden, but things don't get easier. They will face Brazil on Sunday in Moncton and, if they manage an upset, will probably get Japan, the defending champions, after that.
Sweden, 0-0-3, 3 points, 0 goal differential IN, 4 gf, 4 ga
The Swedes didn't win a single match in the group stage, but they didn't lose, either, and they made it in.
Now for the bad news: Sweden will play Germany, the world's top-ranked team and winner of two of the last three World Cups.
Nigeria, 0-2-1, 1 point, -3 goal differential OUT, 3 gf, 6 ga
Placed in the tournament's toughest group, alongside three of the eight quarterfinalists from four year ago, Nigeria held its own, with a comeback draw against Sweden and a 1-0 loss to the United States. But it wasn't enough to advance. The crucial result ended up being a 2-0 loss to Australia.
VASHON ISLAND, Wash. - When they're outside, the children in Erin Kenny's class don't head for cover if it rains or snows. They stay right where they are - in a private five-acre forest. It's their classroom.
They spend three hours a day, four days a week here, a free-flowing romp through cedar and Douglas fir on Vashon Island in Puget Sound.
The unique "forest kindergarten" at Cedarsong Nature School is among several that have opened in recent years in the U.S., part of movement that originated in Europe to get kids out from in front of televisions and into the natural world.
"American children do not spend much time outdoors anymore," Kenny says. "There's a growing need and an awareness on parents' part that their children really need to do more connecting with nature."
In addition to Kenny's, at least two other schools have been established: one in Portland, Ore., and another in Carbondale, Colo.
Kenny opened Cedarsong's doors in 2008, starting out with five children. They plan to expand the school to five days a week next year. They charge $100 a day, whether it's one day a week or three. Kenny says there's a growing waiting list.
The school is located in the quirky Seattle bedroom community kept artificially rural by the lack of roads, and county land-use policies.
Cedarsong is basically a camp. It has three cabins, one being a library, another for equipment and the last one for a compost bathroom equipped with child seats (although sometimes the kids prefer to just urinate in selected spots in the forest).
The camp also has trails and play spots, such as Fairyhouse Land, where there is a forest hut covered with ferns.
It also has tables to make mud cakes, buckets and rakes to scoop mud, a small drawer to keep the children's discoveries (fiddlehead ferns, feathers, lichen and insect-chewed leaves) and a spot for campfires. A plan for an outdoor kitchen is being drawn as well.
The kids munch on what the forest provides, calling leaf buds "forest candy."
For Kenny, the preschool is a culmination of years of working with children and a love for the outdoors. They used to be a lawyer, but was inspired to start their school after reading Richard Louv's book "Last Child in the Woods."
In the book, Louv coined the phrase "nature-deficit disorder" to explain a lack of connection between the country's children and nature. They argue that the decrease in nature dwelling leads to a rise in childhood obesity, attention disorders and depression.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
At such a young age, Kenny says, children shouldn't be taught complicated subjects. They shouldn't be force fed math or language. They say she's often asked what children learn at their school. Them reply is that these children are well versed in basic environmental science.
As time goes by, Kenny says, there will be more evidence that these schools are appropriate models for children.
Kenny says children should be left to explore by themselves. They and their assistant teacher use the children's natural curiosity as opportunities to teach. In their school, the children decide what they're going to do each day, not the teachers.
"They tend to retain the information better because they're actually touching and feeling and tasting the lessons," Kenny says.
One of the key lessons taught here however is not for the kids, but for the parents.
To be in this school, parents must know how to appropriately dress their children for all kinds of weather. That's particularly important in this part of Washington, where rain is nearly constant in the winter and showers and sun alternate seemingly minute to minute in the spring.
So, even in May, kids arrive with rain pants, rain coats, mitten, and gloves. If the weather heats up, the layers come off.
Mom Meghan Magonegil says they aren't sure at first whether an all-outdoor school would work.
"Once we got here, I would pick Finn up and he'd be wet and muddy and smiling and happy and I knew it was perfect," they say of their son.
Since the school opened, only once have the students sought refuge in a small cabin because of the weather, Kenny says proudly. That day, the snow was too deep to walk around.
On a recent schoolday in May, the kids asked questions about leaves and bugs. They already knew which of these leaves were edible. They climbed trees and ran around the property. At one point, they decided to play music and, later in the day, to make cakes out of mud.
In 4-year-old Lorelei Fitterer's opinion, being outdoors is great, especially when it snows.
"Because I get to paint the snow and stick leaves in it, and I used to even taste it. It was so funny," they say.
The new Glamor Red version of the HTC One officially went on sale two weeks ago in the U.K., giving customers enticed by the One's aluminum-clad body a now, more colorful option when it came time to pick out a unit. HTC has kept its lips sealed when it comes to the red One's availability outside of the U.K., but it appears that U.S. consumers on Sprint will soon have a third color choice as well.
A new image posted by @evleaks today claims to show a Sprint version of the red HTC One. The device in the image looks similar to the silver and black HTC One variant that are already available on Sprint, sporting the same "4G" indicator and signal strength indicator in its status bar. One interesting difference, though, is that this red HTC One is showing "7:00 p.m." in its clock widget and status bar, which is different than the "10:08 a.m." time that's included in most other (but not all) HTC device renders.
This isn't the first time that we've heard rumblings that the red HTC One may be Sprint-bound. Earlier this month, an internal Sprint document included the red One, complete with a potential release date of August 16. Nothing's concrete until HTC and Sprint flip on the mixing truck and start laying down their rock solid confirmation, but Sprint already offers the black and silver versions of the One, so it's certainly possible that Hesse and Co. could go for the trifecta. We should hear more soon if that August 16 launch holds true, so stay tuned.
Via @evleaks
What has been considered an inherent weakness in Verizon Wireless's long-awaited iPhone may actually prove to be a strength: Because it would use separate channels to carry voice calls and Internet data, it may in fact drop fewer calls.
Even now, on Verizon's Droid smart phones, you can't surf the Web while talking on the phone. You can open apps, but any one that requires an Internet connection won't function properly. The difference between Verizon and AT&T's networks isn't that one is designed to give calls priority - in fact, cellular networks prioritize calls over other traffic specifically so that they don't drop. The difference is that Verizon's physically locks out data when handling calls.
Advertisement
I talked to several people familiar with the network, and they agreed with the underlying logic, even if they couldn't discuss the specifics for each carrier or, of course, even acknowledge the Verizon iPhone. The handset is rumored to make its first appearance in January, but despite a steady stream of news about the deal, it is, as yet, unconfirmed by Apple or Verizon Wireless.
Verizon uses CDMA technology for calls. This includes a 3G data protocol called EVDO, the "DO" being "data only." In other words, it can't be used to carry calls. AT&T uses GSM technology, with a higher-speed 3G data protocol that handles both calls and data. Users of AT&T's iPhone and other phones can choose to use the lower-speed EDGE network for calls, but it also handles voice and data. There is no calls-only channel available.
Update: The difference in network technologies doesn't stop with the actual wireless connections between phones and towers, but goes deeper into the network. Because of the separate channels for voice and data, a system like Verizon's can keep calls separate from data traffic throughout the network. On the other hand, because of the way GSM 3G works, there is a point where the network must handle requests from both voice and data simultaneously. While the network is designed fundamentally to give voices calls priority, it is at this point that a resource manager, overwhelmed by multiple data requests coming in from multitasking smart phones, could inadvertently allow calls to drop or not go through.
Advertisement
"One of the things about CDMA is that most CDMA operators are set up to be voice first, data second," says Brad Shewmake, spokesperson for the CDMA Development Group. They declined to comment on the rumored Verizon iPhone or on any particular carrier's network behavior. "If you are browsing a Web page and you get a call coming in, the data will stop and the call will go through."
I have seen this to be true on Verizon's Droid phones, and have verified that data can be accessed during calls on the GSM-powered T-Mobile and AT&T networks, including on AT&T's iPhone 4.
According to Shewmake, an update to CDMA called "simultaneous voice and data optimization" will be available to phone makers in the middle of next year. It consists of a chipset that can receive both voice and data traffic at the same time. But when I asked if this meant calls and data would be in closer competition, they said no. "Performance should remain theoretically the same, except now you should receive both [calls and data] at the same time. Again, there are separate voice and data channels."
Advertisement
Since simultaneous voice and data requires hardware that will not be available to phone makers until the middle of next year, it's unlikely that a Verizon iPhone, even one that goes on sale as late as June, would have it.
The reasoning is also supported by AT&T, albeit inadvertently. When people have a hard time getting their calls through on the carrier's 3G network, AT&T tech support tells customers to try making calls on the EDGE network. (You do this by switching Enable 3G to "off" under the Network settings.) It works so well, I almost always make calls via EDGE when I'm at home. EDGE isn't a voice-only channel, but it is a road less traveled, where your voice calls have fewer obstructions. In fact, I wish there was a way to make my AT&T iPhone automatically take and make calls on EDGE, but switch to 3G for data. Alas, there isn't.
Fewer dropped calls aside, the Verizon iPhone may not be better overall. AT&T's 3G network is measurably faster than Verizon's 3G network. (A 4G iPhone from Verizon - or AT&T - isn't likely to surface before 2012.) And there is reasonable fear that if hordes of people all buy Verizon iPhones all at once, the network will choke up. Data experiences may be noticeably compromised, but even if calls are protected, a sudden spike in Verizon voice traffic could cause its own trouble.
Advertisement
Just because Verizon's network seems to be inherently capable of dealing with the call drop issue better than AT&T, it's worth remembering that the network advantage actually came to light in the Wall Street Journal's story about a Verizon iPhone's obvious shortcoming: That you can't use data services while making calls. Now, I can't recall any specific time when I have needed to do that - the most multitasking I do during calls is to check Contacts when someone asks me for someone else's phone number, and that kind of thing would still work.
But for the time being, Verizon appears to be stuck with this slightly more primitive setup - one that may soon prove to come in very, very handy.
Wilson Rothman, former Gizmodo features editor, is now deputy Technology & Science editor at msnbc.com, where they recently launched a daily feed of top tech stories called Technolog. You may miss them around these parts, but you can always catch up with them on Twitter at @wjrothman, where he's happy to be pelted with cellular network jargon - the more four-letter words, er acronyms, the better! Or skip the one-on-one and join the conversation at Technolog's extra-special Facebook page.
Environment Variables Considered Harmful for Your Secrets
Storing your secret keys securely yet easily accessible for your code running in your production environment is a challenging task. With secret keys I mean for instance your keys for accessing 3rd-party APIs, keys used to encrypt/sign cookies, hash user passwords and so on. There are dire consequences if your production secret keys would get into the wrong hands. You'll want to tightly control how and when your secret keys are accessible.
We are probably in agreement on how not to store your secret keys, that is: in your code or in the same source control repository as your code. There are usually just too many people or 3rd-party services with (potential) access to your code repository who don't need to (and thus shouldn't) know your production secret keys.
One great document on how to architect modern web applications is the The Twelve Factor App. It documents 12 principles (or factors as they call it) every web developer should know. Their chapter on "Config" states: "Store config in the environment". While I agree that the OS's environment is a good place for general configuration, I can't recommend this for anything you'd like to keep secret.
When you store your secret keys in the environment, you are still prone to accidentally expose them -- exactly what we want to avoid.
Let's have a closer look at the environment and environment variables. This is a feature of any OS you'd be using to host web apps, including Linux, macOS and Windows. Environment variables have been used for system configuration since basically forever and are designed to pass configuration from the parent process to its child processes. A child process by default inherits a copy of all environment variables (called the environment) from its parent process.
And within those properties of the environment lie the issues when it is used to store secret keys:
The environment is implicitly available to the process. It's hard to track access and how its content gets exposed. It's easy to grab the whole environment and print it out (can be useful for debugging) or send it as part of an error report for instance. The whole environment is passed down to child processes (if not explicitly filtered) which violates the principle of the least privilege. So your secret keys are implicitly made available to any 3rd-party tools you're using (like ImageMagick to resize an image). It's hard to say what those 3rd-party tools will do with the environment, especially in rare occasions like crashes. External developers are not necessarily aware that your environment contains secret keys. By doing so your requirements (tightly controlled access) no longer match with most developers implicit expectation (nothing special in the environment, just generic system configuration). This is a dangerous mismatch.
Our solution thus has been to use a configuration file which is managed by the server's configuration management software (chef in our case). This way we can store secret keys outside of the code repository, and manage them using the same tool used to configure our servers. This solution, while not perfect, doesn't expose our secret keys to child processes and requires explicit access, which also communicates how developers should work with it.
But no matter which solution you choose, be aware of the different caveats on how you store your secret keys.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court declassified an opinion today which, although highly redacted, illuminates the way at least one Judge is interpreting their mandate to protect the First Amendment activities of Americans who the FBI seeks to investigate under the USA PATRIOT Act Section 215, codified at 50 USC 1861.
Essentially, the question the judge, John D. Bates, confronts is when are international terrorism investigations involving Americans based “solely upon activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution.” Judge Bates concludes that so long as a international terrorism investigation is premised on some unprotected activity, the FBI can nevertheless investigate law-abiding US persons.
In this case, the FBI is conducting an investigation to protect against international terrorism. It appears that a US person is the target of the invesigation or section 215 order. Judge Bates finds that the target's conduct and speech suggests sympathy toward— if not support of—internation terrorism. However, all of the target's speech and conduct fall within the protections of the First Amendment. So target's own words and conduct do not meet the statutory standard for an order.
Of course, we don't know what happened to bring this law abiding American target under FBI scrutiny. It's easy to imagine that the American is in some way complicitious with the suspected terrorists illegal acts. However, federal criminal law prohibits certain activities in preparing for or seeking to commit another crimes, including aiding and abetting, conspiracy, and solicitation. The definition of these crimes is broad, but apparently the FBI could not identify facts suggesting the American might be committing one of these crimes. Nor does it appear that Judge Bates had any reason to believe the American was associated with illegal activity. Rather, all their conduct and speech fell within the First Amendment.
Despite the absence of illegal conduct, Judge Bates allows the FBI to investigate the American. Bates concludes that they may consider related conduct of other people that illuminates the “the character (protected by the first amendment or not) of the ‘activities' that are the ‘basis' of the investigation.” The other party's or parties' actvities would not be protected by the First Amendment even if those people were US persons. Therefore, Judge Bates concludes that the investigation of the American is not based “solely” on First Amendment activities, but rather at least in part on the unprotected activities of others.
Under section 215, is the question whether the terrorism investigation is solely premised on First Amendment activities, or whether the investigation of the American during the course of a terrorism investigation is solely premised on First Amendment activities? The statute suggests the latter. It says an order for production of tangible things can issue in:
an investigation … to protect against international terrorism, provided that such investigation of a United States person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution.
The phrase “conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution” directly follows, and should relate to, the “investigation of a United States person” and not to the more general “investigation … to protect against international terrorism”. The statute prohibits the FBI from investigating law abiding Americans unless their own conduct fell outside of the First Amendment, regardless of the conduct of other people related to the investigation. I think most people, when they cite that statutory language, believe it means that Americans won't be subjects of terrorism investigations for the First Amendment protected things they say or do.
They would be wrong. Judge Bates' alternate interpretation allows for Americans exercising only constitutional protected rights to nevertheless be investigated under section 215 so long as there's an independent, constitutionally unprotected basis for the overarching terrorism investigation.
The takeaway is, Americans are being investigated for their First Amendment protected activity, so long as someone's else's related conduct is not protected, even where the relationship between the American and the other party is too attenuated to support suspicion of aiding and abetting or conspiracy.
For people who were reassured that section 215's language would protect law abiding Americans from getting sucked into counterterrorism investigations, this is another tchotchke for your Curio Cabinet of Naïveté. But the FISC, to its credit, declassified this opinion and now Congress and the public have a chance to understand what “law” is actually being applied.
A Dallas County grand jury handed down its first indictment in the ongoing voter mail-in ballot fraud investigation triggered after election officials sequestered hundreds of absentee ballots in Democrat races over voter irregularities in the May 6 local election.
Prosecutors charged Miguel Hernandez, 27, with illegal voting, a second degree felony. The Dallas Morning News reported the grand jury heard the case against them on Friday afternoon and then released its indictment on Monday. If convicted, they may face up to 20 years in prison. However, the suspect remains at-large.
Reportedly, they disappeared before June 2, the date when the Dallas County District Attorney's office issued its first arrest warrant in the investigation for Hernandez. They stand accused of allegedly forging the signature of at least one voter after collecting the individual's blank absentee ballot.
Breitbart Texas reported on the alleged voter harvesting scheme which purportedly targeted elderly residents in hotly contested city council races in two precincts. Amid revelations that officials sequestered 700 suspicious absentee ballots, which placed the results of these local elections in limbo temporarily, shocking audio emerged. It suggested the alleged corruption may have reached all the way into the Dallas County Elections Department and affected the cities of Dallas and Grand Prairie.
Dallas County officials opened a criminal investigation into the May 6 election after persistent voter fraud allegations surfaced over mail-in ballots in Democrat races, Breitbart Texas reported. Officials pushed pause on the results of the election to sort out the situation but on May 17, the city council reluctantly voted to accept the results of the election.
Subsequently, Attorney General Ken Paxton and their office joined the ongoing fraud investigation after Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson requested such assistance from the A.G.'s office, saying it would enable them to better expand their resources in probing the suspicious absentee ballots.
Following the announcement of the Hernandez indictment, Governor Greg Abbott tweeted: “First indictment issued in Dallas County Voter Fraud Case. I suspect we'll see more to come.”
First indictment issued in Dallas County Voter Fraud Case. I suspect we'll see more to come. #txlege #tcot #PJNET https://t.co/yWkT88TFx1 — Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) July 12, 2017
Last October, the state opened an investigation into voter fraud allegations in neighboring Tarrant County where reports of suspicious mail-in ballots and vote harvesting schemes erupted a month before the November 8, 2016, national election.
The Texas Legislature reconvenes for a special session that begins on July 18. Among the governor's limited list of priority items they called for legislation “enhancing the detection, prosecution, and elimination of mail-in ballot fraud.”
State Senator Kelly Hancock (R-North Richland Hills) and Representative Craig Goldman (R-Fort Worth) continue to co-author this bill.
UPDATE: Police have arrested Miguel Hernandez, the suspect in the Dallas County voter fraud investigation. Their apprehension comes more than a month after the county district attorney issued the arrest warrant for their apprehension and only days after a grand jury indicted them on charges of illegal voting. Until now, Hernandez was believed to be on the run. Authorities booked them into the Dallas County Jail and set their bail at $100,000, reported WFAA, which noted the arrest warrant indicated that the woman whose signature Hernandez allegedly forged on an absentee ballot picked them out of a police lineup as the man who identified themselves as “Jose Rodriguez,” the individual they said picked up their unsigned absentee ballot from their home in April. Previously, Breitbart Texas reported a “Jose Rodriguez” appeared to have requested “dozens” of mail-in ballots on behalf of unsuspecting elderly voters.
Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.
J: "How did we not re-register our numbers all summer?"
A: "We didn't need to. We just showed up at each other's houses."
J: "Well, I have you now, again."
A: "Now we don't have to show up at each other's dorms to talk."
J: "Ha!"
L: "AJ!"
J: "Uh, incoming."
A: "Uhhh, wh-what? What for?"
L: "Your letter to Joe made me reevaluate my priorities."
A: "You actually read it??"
J: "I handed it to them after I read it."
A: "Oh...."
L: "Yes, and I realized that chasing Joe is pointless."
J: "Hey!"
L: "I realized that my lifelong ambition wasn't to be a Ranger even. I want to be more!"
L: "I want to be the very best! Like no one ever was!"
L: "I'm aiming for champion! Not just of Johto, mind! Nono! I'm going to be the best everywhere!"
A: "That's.... quite the ambition, Liz...."
L: "Oh, yeah, that too! I will no longer be known as "Liz"! I mean, who fears the name "Elizabeth"?!"
L: "I will be only known by my initials! CLY!"
J: "Isn't your full name "Chloe Elizabeth Young"? Last I checked, "Elizabeth" begins with an E."
L: "So does "Extreme" and "Exchange". What you are point??"
A: "Well, I wish you luck --erm-- CLY. As they say, shoot for the moon; even if you miss, you'll land among the stars."
L: "Thanks, AJ. That means a lot coming from you, a former champion of both Johto and Kanto."
A: "Where are you heading first?"
L: "I already have tickets to Unova for Castalia, so I'm gonna start there, fresh, with a new team."
L: "And The World Tournament will be happening out there too, in September. It'll be a great opportunity to test out that team!"
J: "Oh yeah, I heard a bunch of regional champions were going to be out there. Maybe you should see if you can enter too, AJ!"
A: "I-I-I'll think about it...."
L: "Then maybe we'll see each other again on the field of battle! Till then, AJ!"
A: "Okay... they scare me."
J: "She didn't even say goodbye to me!"
A: "Frankly, I'd be relieved. She's ruthless!"
J: "She gets what they want."
A: "Are you ready to get what you want?"
J: "..."
J: "Yes. I'm as ready as I'll ever be."
A: "Honestly, Joey, that's as best as you can get. We can't see what lies ahead; we just have to take it as it comes."
J: "Well, it's time to do just that then."
J: "Here I come, world!"
L: "AJ, I'd like to thank you."
When production was halted on HBO's television adaptation of the sci-fi feature Westworld, some were worried that the show was on shaky ground before it had even premiered on the cable network. Thankfully, J.J. Abrams came around to put a positive spin on the situation saying that executive producers Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy just needed more time to fine tune the final four scripts for the show's first season. Now that a new Westworld trailer has debuted, it looks like this show will be worth the wait.
Over the weekend, HBO debuted a new Westworld trailer showing a whole bunch of new footage from the show that will explore artificial intelligence and consciousness in a future where an elaborate amusement park is brought to life by sophisticated androids. But what happens when these creations begin explore what it means to be human by testing the boundaries of their existence and significance, thereby threatening the humans who have controlled them for so long?
Here's the new Westworld trailer straight from HBO:
HBO recently revealed that Westworld would arrive before the end of the year, but an exact release date has yet to be announced. If this trailer is any indicator, this show will be yet another genre hit for the cable network, and it could be the most promising television show Bad Robot has had since Lost. That may sound like a tall order, but this looks like rich, compelling sci-fi that won't be held back by trying to please more general audiences on network television, something that has hurt a genre that has always been meant for niche audiences.
The series has been described as “a dark odyssey about the dawn of artificial consciousness and the evolution of sin. Set at the intersection of the near future and the reimagined past, it explores a world in which every human appetite, no matter how noble or depraved, can be indulged.” Jonathan Nolan is executive producing, writing and directing, so hopefully they bring the same quality to the show that he's brought to their brother's films and their own show Person of Interest.
Westworld also features quite the cast, including Anthony Hopkins, Ed Harris, Evan Rachel Wood, James Marsden, Thandie Newton, Jeffrey Wright, Tessa Thompson, Sidse Babett Knudsen, Jimmi Simpson, Rodrigo Santoro, Shannon Woodward, Ingrid Bolsø Berdal, Ben Barnes, Simon Quarterman, Angela Sarafyan, Luke Hemsworth and Clifton Collins, Jr.
Stay tuned to find out when Westworld will premiere later this year.
BILLINGS, Mont. — Federal officials investigating a pipeline break that spilled 1,500 barrels of oil into a Montana river said Wednesday that few companies take river erosion and other risks into account when evaluating pipeline safety.
In recent months, several companies have completed or made plans for significant upgrades to pipelines across major waterways in Montana and adjoining parts of Wyoming and Idaho.
Among those were an estimated $20 million in improvements to Exxon's 12-inch Silvertip line, which broke July 1 during flooding on the Yellowstone River, fouling an estimated 70 miles of shoreline.
But more needs to be done, said Chris Hoidal, western region director for the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA.
“Things are a lot better than they were six months ago. There's still a long way to go,” Hoidal said Wednesday during a meeting of Montana's Oil Pipeline Safety Review Council.
Council chairperson and Department of Environmental Quality director Richard Opper said the work done to date addressed the most vulnerable pipeline crossings that were identified by inspectors last fall.
Yet thousands of pipelines that cross small or intermittent streams remain a concern, they said — adding that inspections of those lesser crossings generally are left up to the companies that operate them.
“PHMSA doesn't have the staff to inspect thousands of crossings in Montana alone, not to mention all the other states they have to oversee,” Opper said. They said those crossings “are not quite as vulnerable to the really big flows on the bigger rivers, but they're still a concern.”
Montana has 6,700 miles of natural gas transmission, oil and other hazardous liquid pipelines and another 6,683 miles of smaller distribution lines that connect to service lines for homes and businesses. The state averages about six or seven serious accidents on those lines annually.
The Exxon Mobil spill near Laurel caused more property damage than all other accidents over the last decade combined. Investigators suspect river scouring caused by flooding on the Yellowstone was responsible. The line was buried only a few feet beneath the riverbed when it was installed in 1991.
The spill allowed crude to gush into the river for almost an hour. In addition to its recent upgrades to the line, Exxon is spending an estimated $115 million to clean up parts of the river and adjacent lands that suffered crude contamination following by the spill.
To prevent future accidents, Hoidal's agency said companies need to better evaluate risks from flooding rivers, soil subsidence and other changes to the landscape through which pipelines pass. To account for those changes, companies can take steps such as rerouting pipelines, drilling them more deeply or adding automatic valves so they can quickly be shut down.
There are 82 points at which oil and other hazardous liquid pipelines cross major rivers in Montana and portions of adjoining states. Inspections in the wake of the Yellowstone spill found exposed sections of pipe or other problems at eight of those major crossings and many smaller river and stream crossings.
Work on some of those crossings has since been completed or is underway by companies including ConocoPhillips, CHS and Exxon Mobil, Hoidal said Wednesday. That work is expected to continue
The pending investigation into Exxon's Silvertip spill originally was expected to be completed within two months. It has dragged on in part due to the involvement of the federal Department of Justice and state agencies, which are still working out protocols to test the damaged section of pipeline to see what caused it to fail.
Opper said that analysis could be completed by the end of the month.
The other playset was a free-driving car prototype that really showed the potential of the technology. But it required a rather large sheet of metal to work and was a bit more... let's say, bare-bones. Where you'd typically find the wheels of a car, there's four electromagnets, that rotate at a high speed and (get your Fleming's right-hand rule ready) offer a sustained magnetic field -- enough to keep the car slightly above its aluminum race track.
You can see in the background of the image above where Tomy's hoping the design will eventually arrive at. While the train is set to land in 2015, priced at around 10,000 yen ($98) with some bundled track, there's estimated price for the car yet. And if this toy-maker can do a race-car, surely Mattel will finally be able to deliver on that hoverboard we were all (kind of) promised.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE isn't letting the 2016 election go.
Twice on Monday — on Twitter and then at their Rose Garden news conference with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) — the president jabbed at their vanquished opponent, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
The attacks irk Democrats and independent critics, who note that past presidents have generally avoided public gloating about their victories after Election Day.
ADVERTISEMENT
“He is the only person who — after they have won — is conducting a negative campaign against their opponent,” said Democratic strategist Robert Shrum.
Sources in Trump's orbit offer a wide range of reasons why they are unwilling to let the campaign drift into the past.
They cite their taste for battle, the overall pride they take in their victory and their sense that they like having a foil against whom they can contrast himself.
Some say that they also consider their defeat of Clinton, against almost all predictions, as Exhibit A in their broader argument that pollsters and their media critics are detached from the realities of American life.
But even if those are all part of Trump's motivation, their attacks on Clinton may also carry some political benefits.
Few things unite a fractious Republican Party more than hostility toward Clinton.
And even though the Democrat is beloved among their base, it is a different story among the population at large.
In June, Gallup found that Clinton was seen unfavorably by 57 percent of Americans and favorably by just 41 percent.
The polling organization noted that “Over the past quarter century, the favorable ratings of losing presidential candidates generally have increased after the election. … But for Clinton, this has not been the case. Seven months after their failed bid for the presidency, they remain as unpopular now as they were then.”
To that extent, at least, Trump may gain by continuing to bang the 2016 drum.
On Monday morning, they tweeted, “I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, ‘I hope so!' ”
In the Rose Garden, they were asked about remarks Clinton had made defending NFL players who take a knee during the national anthem to protest racial inequality.
At one point they interrupted the questioner, John Roberts of Fox News, to say, “Hillary, please run again!”
Moments later, they added that if Clinton denied that taking a knee during the national anthem was disrespectful, “then I fully understand why they didn't win. … I mean, look there are a lot of reasons they didn't win, including the fact that they were not good at what they did.”
Corey Lewandowski, Trump's first campaign manager in the 2016 race, told The Hill that Trump was a “counter-puncher” who was only returning fire at Clinton.
In Lewandowski's view, Clinton has sought to avoid culpability for their own defeat in their public statements and in their recently published book, “What Happened.” The book has been accompanied by a transatlantic publicity tour, which has seen Clinton take more jabs at Trump.
During a British TV interview broadcast Sunday, Clinton reacted to the current allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein — a friend and past donor to their campaigns — by saying in part, “After all, we have someone admitting to being a sexual assaulter in the Oval Office.”
Clinton was alluding to the lewd “Access Hollywood” tape, unearthed during the campaign, in which Trump boasted of a grabbing woman by the genitals.
“What you saw from Hillary Clinton over the weekend were personal attacks on the president,” Lewandowski said. “Hillary Clinton continues to push the narrative that the election was stolen from her, when in fact they were a terrible candidate with a terrible campaign that lost in places where a Democrat had not lost in 30 years.”
Trump's fixation on 2016 has led to plenty of unusual moments.
According to a Reuters report in April, Trump stopped midway through a conversation with Chinese president Xi Jinping to hand out copies of the electoral map.
"Here, you can take that, that's the final map of the numbers," Reuters quoted Trump as saying. "It's pretty good, right? The red is obviously us.”
Last month, Trump retweeted an internet meme altered so it appeared to show them hitting Clinton with a golf ball.
And back in February, Trump erroneously claimed at a White House news conference that they had won the biggest Electoral College victory since President Reagan.
When the inaccuracy was called out by one reporter present, Trump shot back, “It was a substantial victory. You do agree with that?”
Julian Zelizer, a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University, said Trump's refrains about Clinton could help them in some quarters.
“The base likes them fighting. To fight you need enemies. Going back to the campaign reminds you of Enemy Number One,” they said.
But they cautioned that the gambit could be much less effective beyond the audience of Trump loyalists.
“I think it hurts them with the rest of the country because it seems petty and almost irrelevant," Zelizer said. “People want to see if they have a competent president. They're asking ‘Do they have the gravitas needed?' And they are going back to ‘Crooked Hillary.' ”
The Memo is a reported column by Niall Stanage, primarily focused on Donald Trump's presidency.
1900-1910: The jersey of this period was short-sleeved with no trim except for a dark blue collar. Stockings were dark blue with red stripes and the cap was blue with a white "P". A "PBC" monogram signifying Pittsburgh Baseball Club was also added to the left sleeve later in the decade. The jersey of this period was short-sleeved with no trim except for a dark blue collar. Stockings were dark blue with red stripes and the cap was blue with a white "P". A "PBC" monogram signifying Pittsburgh Baseball Club was also added to the left sleeve later in the decade.
1910-1920: The regular collar was replaced by the short, stand-up "cadet" style with a button collar. Pinstriped material was also introduced. As the team nickname became more accepted, "Pirates" was displayed in capital letters down the button lapel (1912). The cadet-style collar soon gave way to a tapered collar extension, but the buttonlapel remained solid dark blue with white buttons and a "P-P" straddling the top button (1913-14). Later in this decade, the cap had piping and also included a "P" in white or red. The regular collar was replaced by the short, stand-up "cadet" style with a button collar. Pinstriped material was also introduced. As the team nickname became more accepted, "Pirates" was displayed in capital letters down the button lapel (1912). The cadet-style collar soon gave way to a tapered collar extension, but the buttonlapel remained solid dark blue with white buttons and a "P-P" straddling the top button (1913-14). Later in this decade, the cap had piping and also included a "P" in white or red.
1921-1932: Standard white uniforms were worn at home and gray on the road with simple graphics and solid colors. The 1925 and '27 championship teams wore the standard capital P on its sleeves but not on the jersey. A red P was also placed on the solid blue cap. Standard white uniforms were worn at home and gray on the road with simple graphics and solid colors. The 1925 and '27 championship teams wore the standard capital P on its sleeves but not on the jersey. A red P was also placed on the solid blue cap.
1933-1937: The Pirate uniforms brightened up considerably with added colors, trim features and graphics. The name "Pirates" was placed across the jersey in an arc of fancy red and blue capital letters. Solid blue belts were included and piping trim on the uniforms included blue and red. A red "P" was also placed on the solid blue cap.
1938: The name "Pirates" appeared on the jersey in script lettering with underline flourish. The Pirate uniforms brightened up considerably with added colors, trim features and graphics. The name "Pirates" was placed across the jersey in an arc of fancy red and blue capital letters. Solid blue belts were included and piping trim on the uniforms included blue and red. A red "P" was also placed on the solid blue cap.The name "Pirates" appeared on the jersey in script lettering with underline flourish.
1939-1946: A zipper front replaced the button-down jersey.
1940: The uniform abandons the traditional "P" or "Pirates" for an emblem of an actual buccaneer. The patch was placed on the left breast of both the home and road jerseys. This was the first time an emblem of the team's nickname was ever worn on a game jersey. A zipper front replaced the button-down jersey.The uniform abandons the traditional "P" or "Pirates" for an emblem of an actual buccaneer. The patch was placed on the left breast of both the home and road jerseys. This was the first time an emblem of the team's nickname was ever worn on a game jersey.
1948: The team replaced the traditional blue and red with the present day black and gold. The script "Pirates" and "Pittsburgh" was replaced with the block lettering that you still see today. The cap became solid black with a gold "P".
1953: The word "Pittsburgh" is removed from the road jersey, and replaced with "Pirates". The team replaced the traditional blue and red with the present day black and gold. The script "Pirates" and "Pittsburgh" was replaced with the block lettering that you still see today. The cap became solid black with a gold "P".The word "Pittsburgh" is removed from the road jersey, and replaced with "Pirates".
1957: The Pirates became the second team to begin wearing sleeveless jerseys.
1962: Numbers were introduced on the front of the home and road jerseys and have been there ever since. The Pirates became the second team to begin wearing sleeveless jerseys.Numbers were introduced on the front of the home and road jerseys and have been there ever since.
1970: The Pirates became the first major league club to adopt the new double-knit fabric uniforms, which they debuted at the first game at the new Three Rivers Stadium. The jersey became a pullover with no button or zipper. The pants contained a built-in sash belt. The cap crown was mustard yellow with a black bill. Within two years, nearly every other club was wearing a double-knit uniform.
1976: The Pirates, as well as other clubs, commemorate the National League's centennial by wearing the old striped, pill-box style caps. The Bucs wore yellow caps with a black bill and black stripes. The Pirates became the first major league club to adopt the new double-knit fabric uniforms, which they debuted at the first game at the new Three Rivers Stadium. The jersey became a pullover with no button or zipper. The pants contained a built-in sash belt. The cap crown was mustard yellow with a black bill. Within two years, nearly every other club was wearing a double-knit uniform.The Pirates, as well as other clubs, commemorate the National League's centennial by wearing the old striped, pill-box style caps. The Bucs wore yellow caps with a black bill and black stripes.
1977-1979: Abandoned were the traditional white and gray uniforms in exchange for combinations of white, gold, black iand pinstriping. The caps became black with yellow stripes. Players' last names appear on the back of the jerseys for the first time.
1985: The Pirates returned to the basic white and gray uniform.
1987: The Pirates replaced the striped cap in favor of the traditional standard black round crown type. Abandoned were the traditional white and gray uniforms in exchange for combinations of white, gold, black iand pinstriping. The caps became black with yellow stripes. Players' last names appear on the back of the jerseys for the first time.The Pirates returned to the basic white and gray uniform.The Pirates replaced the striped cap in favor of the traditional standard black round crown type.
1990: A script "Pittsburgh" is added to the gray road uniform for the first time since 1952.
1991: The Pirates return to button-down jerseys and belted pants.
1995: Going back to a more traditional look, the Pirates removed the names from the back of the jerseys.
1996: That change lasted only one year, as the Pirates return the names to the back of the jerseys.
1997: The organization introduce a complete new-look by introducing an alternate home jersey as well as bringing the color "red" back into the uniform for the first time since 1946. A script "Pittsburgh" is added to the gray road uniform for the first time since 1952.The Pirates return to button-down jerseys and belted pants.Going back to a more traditional look, the Pirates removed the names from the back of the jerseys.That change lasted only one year, as the Pirates return the names to the back of the jerseys.The organization introduce a complete new-look by introducing an alternate home jersey as well as bringing the color "red" back into the uniform for the first time since 1946.
2001: With the opening of PNC Park, the club enters a "New Era of Baseball." The team re-introduces the sleeveless jersey as part of both the home and road uniform. The Pirates also become the first team ever to wear a cap with a red underbill (cap worn with the alternate home jersey only).
2005: The Pirates re-introduce pinstripes to the uniform. The alternate uniforms are worn on Sunday home games.
2007: The club introduces a red, sleeveless jersey to be worn on selected home dates. With the opening of PNC Park, the club enters a "New Era of Baseball." The team re-introduces the sleeveless jersey as part of both the home and road uniform. The Pirates also become the first team ever to wear a cap with a red underbill (cap worn with the alternate home jersey only).The Pirates re-introduce pinstripes to the uniform. The alternate uniforms are worn on Sunday home games.The club introduces a red, sleeveless jersey to be worn on selected home dates.
2009: The Pirates re-introduce sleeves to their home and road jerseys and added a black alternate jersey. The sleeveless pinstriped jersey is worn on Sundays through the end of 2010.
2013: The club introduces an alternate uniform mustard gold cap which will be worn on Sunday home games throughout the season. The pullover style jersey, similar to the one from the early 1970's, will be made of "Cool Base" fabric for improved breathability and increased range of motion. The front of the jersey will feature black "Pirates" lettering outlined in mustard gold on the chest, as well as the player's number below the lettering on the left hand side of the jersey. The players' names have been added to the back of the jerseys to go along with their number, as opposed to the 1970 jerseys that did not feature the names. Black, white and mustard gold piping will be featured on the jersey's collar and sleeves, as well as on the waistband of the pants. The Pirates re-introduce sleeves to their home and road jerseys and added a black alternate jersey. The sleeveless pinstriped jersey is worn on Sundays through the end of 2010.The club introduces an alternate uniform mustard gold cap which will be worn on Sunday home games throughout the season. The pullover style jersey, similar to the one from the early 1970's, will be made of "Cool Base" fabric for improved breathability and increased range of motion. The front of the jersey will feature black "Pirates" lettering outlined in mustard gold on the chest, as well as the player's number below the lettering on the left hand side of the jersey. The players' names have been added to the back of the jerseys to go along with their number, as opposed to the 1970 jerseys that did not feature the names. Black, white and mustard gold piping will be featured on the jersey's collar and sleeves, as well as on the waistband of the pants.
The length of the "days" of creation in Genesis has involved a major controversy in Biblical interpretation among evangelicals for over 150 years. Many have sought to redefine the term in light of the naturalistic presuppositions of modern scientism. Therefore, let us attempt, honestly, to examine the evidence from Scripture.
The communication of language is through words and their use. We must ask ourselves why Moses was using the words they did, and not other words. What is the meaning they were trying to communicate to their original audience and to us, as well? Why did Moses use the word "day" and not the more generic term, "time"? Is there any significance to the repeated use of numbers in the account ("first day," "second day," etc.)? Why are these "days" bounded by the terms, "evening and morning"? As we examine the text of Genesis 1, answers to these questions become clear.
THE MEANING OF "DAY"
Those who argue that the word "day" means "long age," point out that the Hebrew word, yom, can have a number of meanings, only one of which is "day of 24 hours."1 They further seek to strengthen their position with the use of Psalm 90:4 and II Peter 3:8, comparing a day to a thousand years. Both of these verses, however, are simply using figures of speech (similes) to show that God is not constrained by the same time parameters as are humans. These verses are really irrelevant to the discussion of the meaning of "day," in Genesis 1.
It is recognized, of course, that the word "day" can be used with a number of variations. It can have any of five meanings: 1) a period of light; 2) a period of 24 hours; 3) a general, vague time; 4) a point of time; 5) a year.2 The context determines which of these is intended by the writer. The English language also can have up to 14 definitions for the word "day."3 The reader should be reminded that the purpose of language is to communicate. Moses wrote in a language that was meant to communicate to their readers. Words must be defined by their relationship to one another.4 Word meaning must be determined from within its context. It will be shown how the context defines the word in Genesis 1.
The use of a number with the word "day" is very illuminating. This combination occurs 357 times outside of Genesis 1. The combination is used in four different ways, but each time it is used, it must mean 24-hour periods of time. If the combinations had been intended to mean long periods of time, both the texts and contexts then become meaningless. A typical verse is Genesis 30:36: "And they (Laban) set three days journey betwixt themselves and Jacob." God frequently issued commands that the people were to do or not to do certain things on a given day. This use occurs 162 times. A good example is Exodus 24:16: "And the glory of the Lord abode upon Mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it six days, and on the seventh day They called unto Moses out of the midst of the cloud." These are the most typical uses of the word "day" with a number. Four times the terms are used to show a starting point. Ezra 3:6 says, "From the first day of the seventh month they began to offer burnt offerings unto the Lord." A number may also be used with "day" to convey an ending point. An example is Leviticus 19:6: "It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it, and on the morrow: and if you ought to remain until the third day, it shall be burnt in the fire." It would appear, then, that whenever the Old Testament uses a number with the word "day," it means a 24-hour period of time without any demonstrable exception.
If the meaning of the word "day" with a number always means a 24-hour period of time outside of Genesis 1, then it should also mean a 24-hour period of time inside Genesis 1. The words that Moses used to communicate what God did during creation are very significant. If Moses had meant to signify that the "days" were more than 24 hours in length, they could easily have done so. If we are to understand what Moses wrote, then the language they used must be understood in its normal meaning. The normal meaning is that of 24-hour periods of time.
ABSENCE OF THE ARTICLE
Once we have determined the meaning of the term "day," we need also to examine another problem connected with the days of Genesis 1. Some writers have observed the absence of the article from the mention of each of the first five days. They have concluded that Moses must have meant to convey to their readers that at least those days were long periods of time. They have noted that the normal use of the article is to make the noun definite.5 Gleason Archer makes the following statement: "In Hebrew prose of this genre, the definite article was generally used where the noun was intended to be definite."6 The genre, or the form of the literature (i.e., history as opposed to poetry) they are referring to here, is history. Let us see if they are correct in this use of the article.
The reader must be aware of two points regarding the use of the article in Hebrew. First, the article is usually present in the historical sections of the Old Testament for the sake of definiteness. But this is not always the case. Second, Hebrew has more peculiarities in its use of the article than most languages.7 This should make the reader very sensitive to the nature of the Hebrew language. The Hebrew language is one that must be observed closely. The most common observation among Jewish and Christian commentators is that the use of the article on the last two days is to show the importance of the sixth and seventh days.8 This also is in full accord with the Hebrew grammatical rule that the article may be used in this manner.9 On the basis of grammar alone, then, we are still justified in our interpretation of "day" being 24 hours in length.
Also, there is another reason for the absence of the article. It appears that numbers in the Hebrew language have a definitive quality in themselves. Kautzsch refers to them as substantives,10 yet the meaning is the same. A substantive is a noun that one can touch, such as a chair. They cite many examples where the number and noun occur without the article, yet the meaning is definite. There are 13 other occurrences similar to Genesis 1, where the noun does not have the article but is with a number. In each of these other occurrences, the English translation uses the definite article.11 Therefore, we must conclude that the absence of the article in Genesis 1 does not mean that the days are long periods of time. Moses' point is still very clear: The days are to be thought of as normal 24-hour days.
EVENING AND MORNING
The meaning of the term "day" must be seen in conjunction with the use of "evening" and "morning." Those who would argue that the days are long periods contend that these terms can have figurative meanings.12 But what is their meaning in the context of Genesis 1? We must ask ourselves, how would the people have understood these terms "evening" and "morning?" Is Moses, and by extension, God, trying to deceive us by not telling us the truth about the length of the "days?" The Old Testament records 38 times when these two words are used in the same verse. Each time they occur, the meaning must be that of a normal day. Here are a couple of examples to illustrate the point: Exodus 16:8 says, "And Moses said, this shall be when the Lord shall give you in the evening flesh to eat, and in the morning bread to the full." Also Exodus 18:13, "and the people stood by Moses from the morning until the evening." All the other occurrences are essentially the same. So then, it would appear that when the words "morning" and "evening" are used in the same verse, they must refer to a normal day.
STATEMENT BY GOD
God did not leave the length of the creation days open to question. They told us the exact length of each day. In Exodus 20:11, They said that in "six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them and rested on the seventh day." The context of the statement is an emphatic command. God tells the people, "remember" and "keep" the Sabbath. God then tells them how to keep the Sabbath in their daily lives. The people can tell whether they are keeping the Sabbath if they are resting on the seventh day. God then anchors the reality of the present days to the reality of the past days of creation. God has set the pattern of Israel's work week. The "days" are the same kind of days that the people would have readily known. As it has been demonstrated previously, "day," used with a number, means a 24-hour day. It seems obvious that all throughout Israel's history, the people have understood this to mean a 24-hour day. Even those who hold to the long ages of Genesis 1 acknowledge the "days" of Exodus 20:8-11 to be 24-hour days.13 Therefore, the "days" of creation must also have been 24 hours in length.
CONCLUSION
What can we conclude concerning the length of the "days" of creation? The usage of the word "day," with a number, means a 24-hour period. The absence of the article does not alter that meaning. Further, the use of "evening" and "morning" indicates that normal time is meant in Genesis 1. God, Himself, said that the creation took only six days. We also must ask ourselves, did Moses and God deceive us by using the word "day," when it really was a long period of time? If our answer is yes, then we should not use the Bible for any of our beliefs. For, if God can deceive us concerning the events of creation, They might have done that in regards to the life, death, and resurrection of our Lord. The bottom line is that we then can have no confidence in God's Word, if the long-day view is held. It is far better to believe God at Their Word, and take the creation days as 24-hour days.
REFERENCES
1 For typical arguments, examine Davis Young, Creation and the Flood
(Grand Rapids: Baker Book House, 1977), pp. 83, 84.
2 Theological Wordbook of the Old Testament, I:371.
3 Webster's 20th Century Dictionary, unabridged.
4 Beekman, John and John CalIow. Translating the Word of God (Grand Rapids: Zondervan, 1974), p.69.
5 Kautzsch, E. Gesenius' Hebrew Grammar, 2nd ed. (Oxford: Clarendon Press 1980), p. 404.
6 Archer, Gleason. Encyclopedia of Bible Difficulties (Grand Rapids: Zonderyan, 1982), p. 61.
7 Kautzsch, pp.406, 407.
8 One should consult Jewish commentators Cassuto, Rashi, and Cohen. Some of the Christian commentators are Keil, Leupold, and E.J. Young.
9 Kautzsch, p.408.
10 Kautzsch, p.432.
11 The occurrences are Numbers 11:19; I Samuel 1:1; 1 Chronicles 12:39; II Chronicles 20:25; Ezra 8:15, 32; Nehemiah 2:11; Daniel 1:12, 14,15; 12:12, 13, and Jonah 3:4.
12 Ross, Hugh. Genesis One: A Scientific Perspective (Sierra Madre: Wiseman Productions, 1983), p.16.
13 Archer, pp. 116,117, also Henry Alford, The Book of Genesis and Part of Exodus (Minneapolis: Klock and Klock, 1979), pp.313, 314.
Following the recent Altitude update and the new Slayer, Rocky Mountain is keeping to their – and the industry's – trend of longer, lower and slacker. The all-new Instinct, Instinct BC, and Pipeline will be coming in the next few months with redesigned frames, more travel and future-proofed boost spacing, metric shock sizing and compatibility for Di2, and eventually Fox Live.
The Instinct
The Instinct, Rocky Mountain's 29-inch trail bike, has received a full overhaul to catch up with the other do-anthing 29er trail bikes that are leading the industry trend right now. To everybody's surprise (or no one's) the Instinct's new frame is lower, longer and slacker, with an extra 10 millimeters of rear travel, rounding out the bike to 140 millimeters front and rear. Despite the extra travel in the back, Rocky has changed the suspension to be more progressive with more support at sag levels. The anti-squat values have also been raised for improved pedaling efficiency. Speaking of pedaling efficiency, the seat tube jumped from 72.6 to 74.5 degrees in the lowest setting, putting the rider into a better position for climbing. When it comes to descending, the new Instinct's headtube angle has dropped from a range of 66.6 – 68.2 to 66 – 67 degrees, adjustable with Rocky's 9-position flip-chips.
With the updated frame comes a new link that has moved the Ride-9 chip into the linkage, making for a sleeker and lower-profile look. In addition the bike is shipped with two lower headset cups, one taller than the other, allowing you to run 27.5+, although the frame already has clearance for 29 x 2.6 tires. Other updates of note are larger, cleaner ports for internal cable housing in the front triangle, bearings instead of bushings in all pivots – including the lower shock mount, and adjusted seat tube heights to allow for longer droppers. A new integrated “Spirit Guide” is adjustable for a 28-34 tooth front ring and there's room for a water bottle on all sizes, with or without a reservoir shock.
Contributor Jon Weber will be riding the new Instinct over the next few months. Keep and eye out for first impressions and a full review.
Instinct BC
Maybe you like where the Instinct is heading, but you don't think Rocky went far enough. Well you're in luck because the Instinct BC bumps up those numbers. Keeping all the updates found in the Instinct, the BC edition is equipped with 155 millimeters of rear-wheel travel and 160 millimeters up front, turning the all-around trail bike into an aggressive descender. To match that extra travel, the Instinct BC Edition comes spec'd with wider bars, tires, and Sram Code brakes sporting 200 millimeter rotors front and back.
In a departure from Rocky's ubiquitous use of the Ride-9 geometry adjustment, Rocky took things into their own hands with the Instinct BC, opting for a fixed geometry. Slightly slacker than the Instinct, the BC comes with a 65.9 degree headtube angle and a 74.4 degree seat tube angle.
The Pipeline
Rocky Mountain's plus-sized trail bike also got a redesign, placing it solidly between the Instinct and the Instinct BC, except with 27.5+ tires. Marketed as an aggressive trail bike, the Pipeline is making the same 10-millimeter adjustment to rear-wheel travel the Instinct made, moving from 130 millimeters to 140. More surprisingly, front-wheel travel is reduced from 150 millimeters to 140. The Pipeline also receives the same detail-oriented upgrades as the Instinct and Instinct BC – integrated chain guide, bearings instead of bushing, etc…
The slightly smaller diameter of a 27.5+ wheel means the Pipeline also has a slightly slacker geometry than the Instinct – or even Instinct BC. Ranging from 65.5 – 66.6 degrees at the headtube and 74 – 75.1 degrees in the seat tube, the Pipeline is undoubtably an aggressive descender. Combined with the extra grip from the 2.8-inch tires – or 3.0 with low-profile knobs – this bike will pull its way over most obstacles and carry speed when pointed downhill. The Pipeline will also be available at a lower price-point than the Instinct BC, so for aggressive riders who don't want to pony up $5,900, this could be the right choice
All three models will be widely available by mid-late October, with limited availability starting today. Head to your Rocky Mountain Dealer to learn more.
Pinterest may still be a relatively young social network, compared to rivals like Facebook and Twitter, but its advertising products are quickly catching up to the rest of the market. The company recently quietly announced that it will soon offer new conversion tracking and audience targeting features to its advertisers which will allow them to better understand how Promoted Pins affect their business, and what can be done to further personalize those Pins for Pinterest users.
The company says it will update its Privacy Policy on October 19, and offered a preview of the forthcoming changes. Here, Pinterest explains that it will begin to collect information from online advertisers, like whether clicks on ads led to purchases or information like a list of criteria to use in targeting ads. A Help Center article went on to further detail what advertisers will share with Pinterest as well as gather from their own Promoted Pins on the Pinterest site going forward.
For starters, advertisers will now be able to add a tracking pixel to their Promoted Pins to collect information on how well a Pin is doing. Meanwhile, a pixel on the advertiser's website will help them understand how Pins relate to actual website conversions. That is, the pixel on the advertiser's site can determine which customers are arriving after either viewing or clicking on an advertiser's Promoted Pin. (This data may also be used to customize a consumer's Pinterest experience, the company notes).
The above changes will allow Pinterest advertisers to better measure the effectiveness of their ads on the social network (aka, Promoted Pins), by measuring not only which Pins encourage users to click through on and then checkout, but which Pinterest users later convert to buyers after simply viewing these Promoted Pins.
In addition, another new option for advertisers is the ability for them to share a “hash” (an anonymized scramble) of some identifiers, like customer email addresses. This is something both Facebook and Twitter already support in their own ads products. It means that Pinterest advertisers will now be able to match their Promoted Pins to specific groups of users, like those who have made purchases on the advertiser's website in the past, or those who have signed up to hear about deals via an email newsletter.
Pinterest end users will still be able to opt out of these more personalized and targeted ads if they choose, by going online to Pinterest's website and making changes in their account settings. Under the “Personalization” section, there are toggle switches that let you specify whether or not Pinterest can personalize ads based on sites visited recently, or whether it can do so by using info from ad partners. To opt out, users can just click the setting to change it from the default “yes” to “no.” Pinterest will also continue to support “Do Not Track,” the company says.
Promoted Pins have been in testing with a small group of Pinterest advertisers since May, and only in the U.S. For now, that hasn't changed, notes Pinterest.
About John Casasanta Among too many other things to list, including serving as chief of tap tap tap, John Casasanta is the Producer and Architect of Camera+. They possess the innate ability to make people cringe on demand.
iPhone 7 Plus dual lens support
For those of you with big pockets (both in the literal and figurative sense) who are fortunate enough to have a shiny (in the literal sense if you opted for Jet Black™), new iPhone 7 Plus, you'll be very happy to hear that Camera+ now has extensive support for the dual lenses it sports. You're now able to explicitly choose to shoot with the wide angle or telephoto lens so you can get exactly the lens you desire for the given shooting situation. If you prefer the simplicity of not having to think about those sorts of things like lens pickin', you can just keep the lens switcher set to Duo mode and let your iPhone 7 Plus do its magic.
One thing worth knowing along these lines is that in Apple's Camera app, the 2× zoom button sort of implies that it behaves as a wide angle / tele switcher, but it's actually not (sometimes it's a wide/tele switcher… sometimes it's a 2× digital zoom button… and sometimes it's something else altogether). The “tell” here is if you set it to 2× then put a finger over the tele lens (the one on the right side if you're looking at the back of the phone). If you're expecting to snap a pic of your finger, you'll be surprised in some situations… when lighting conditions are relatively dark, the system will use the wide angle lens (to prevent an underexposed photo, since the tele lens has a higher ƒ-number of 2.8 than the wide angle lens' ƒ-number of 1.8… in other words, this somewhat confusingly means it has a smaller aperture, which therefore lets in less light). Now to make a long story even longer, one of the benefits of the dual lenses is that the system can combine info from both lenses, resulting in a better photo than one taken with a single lens. In any case, we've implemented our Duo lens mode to be consistent with Apple's Camera behavior, but we've also enabled you to choose precisely which lens you want. Hopefully at least some of you will have found at least some of this informative. Undoubtedly, some others of you have had a flashback to some high school science class, have fallen asleep by now, and are drooling on your desk. The More You Know 🌠
RAW shooting
If you're using an iPhone 6s, 6s Plus, SE, 7, or 7 Plus, you now have the privilege of shooting in RAW. You'll find this new setting in the (newly renamed) Quality & Format menu. For those of you not in the know, shooting in RAW can provide you with the highest quality shots your iPhone camera is capable of taking. RAW photos actually store more information than normal JPEG or TIFF photos, so when you edit these photos, you'll have the opportunity to pull out otherwise lost details to help you achieve the perfect photo.
Bear in mind that this higher quality comes at a significant expense… when you've got RAW turned on, your photos will take up considerably more space, and it'll generally take longer to shoot/edit/save/etc.
Note that RAW shooting isn't compatible with all shooting modes… in particular, using zoom, shooting crops, macro mode, selfiecam, and the iPhone 7 Plus Duo lens mode will temporarily disable RAW shooting if you have it turned on.
RAW editing
To go hand-in-hand with RAW shooting, we've added the capabilities for you to make adjustments to the pics you've shot in RAW. The way to look at this in the world of Camera+ is that the photos that come out of your camera sensor have some processing applied to them by the system. The items that end up in your Lightbox right after shooting are the “developed” versions of these photos. You can then edit them using Camera+'s suite of editing tools like The Lab and apply our various filters to them. But now, with RAW thrown into the picture (bad pun'd), you have the opportunity to “re-develop” the pics fresh from your camera using a new suite of editing tools we call the RAW Lab. Then you can save/share the re-developed versions or further edit them using the normal Camera+ editing tools before doing so.
If you use The Lab for editing, you'll be familiar with some of the tools we've provided in the RAW Lab like Exposure, Brightness & Contrast, and Highlights & Shadows. But in addition to these, we've also provided several new tools for the high-end tweakers like a nifty Curves tool and a comprehensive set of Noise Reduction adjustments.
One very nice thing about our RAW implementation is that we combine both the regular photo representation (JPEG or TIFF) and the RAW representation into one photo. This helps keep both your Lightbox and Photo Library neatly organized and prevents clutter.
And if you've got the space to waste, you can export photos from the RAW Lab in 16-bit per channel TIFF format so that all the quality of the RAW shots is preserved in your final output.
In general with RAW shooting and editing, a major factor in determining whether or not these capabilities are for you have a lot to do with quality versus storage space and time.
Note that RAW editing requires an iPhone 6, 6s, SE, 7, or their Plus-sided doppelgängers. Also note that all things RAW in Camera+ requires iOS 10.1.
Wide Color
The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus feature an improved display that supports a slightly wider range of color than previous iPhones. Apple's Department of Uncreative Product Feature Naming has deemed this “Wide Color” and we've added support for it in Camera+ 9. So now, if you're wielding one of the newest devices, you'll also have the benefit of marginally improved color. It's worth pointing out that you get this benefit whether or not you're using the new RAW capabilities of Camera+ 9.
One can never have enough Info
To go along with the new capabilities in Camera+ 9, we've enhanced the Info section to provide details about them. So when your photos also include the RAW capture, you'll see this fact, along with things like the color space used and the various RAW edits you've made.
More at home on iOS 10
A big, new release deserves some new iconery and such. So we've updated the icons in Camera+ 9 to better fit the iOS 10 style. And we've made a bunch of visual and functional changes to our Today Widget, along with our Quick Actions so that Camera+ 9 both looks and feels right at home on Apple's latest version of iOS.
Haptics Majicks
One of the most underrated features in the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is haptic feedback. It's a taste of the future of mobile device user experience and it's surprising that Apple hasn't done more to promote it. So we're helping do just that by tastefully including haptic feedback throughout Camera+ 9 and letting you know about it. Haptic feedback brings new life to elements like the shooting control wheels in Camera+ and once you've experienced it, you'll definitely miss it when you're using a device that hasn't been blessed with this very cool, new feature.
Get Camera+ in the App Store.
“Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies”
– Andy Dufresne, on the 2014-15 Miami Heat.
So it begins.
Again.
As the Miami Heat prepare themselves for another season of basketball, the outlook is much different than that of the last four seasons. LeBron James' departure has diminished the perception of the Heat in the eyes of many, as now they're going to have to battle their through every game in the upcoming season.
And I'm excited!
Of course I'd rather the Heat be a favorite to reach the Finals. It's always fun having that expectation to be there at the end; maybe because I've grown up a Dolphins fan and they've managed to routinely kick me in the [edit] the last three decades that it was nice to be on the other side. But that comes with a price: the 82 game grind of the regular season tends to be dull when you're sitting around waiting for June to come.
I love basketball. I love watching random games in January that feel like they could have some importance in the standings. Last regular season lost that feeling; felt like it was a waste of time to go through the process of getting there. Even Chris Bosh said as much.
I thoroughly enjoyed the 2010-11 season. Granted, I felt so exhausted when that season ended. Every game felt important. It had an energy to it that has been missing the last few years. That first year of the Big Three Era had that spotlight that was shining ever so bright on the Heat and the fans that it felt like a Game 7 every night.
But now the Heat face a perceived slide back into the pack with the Toronto's and Washington's of the East, just trying to avoid facing the favorites in Cleveland and Chicago in the first round. That should be life without the best player on the planet.
Or is it?
Yes, the spotlight of doubt will be on Dwyane Wade, as their health will help dictate how successful Miami can be this season. Barring a serious injury *frantically knocks on wood*, Wade is going to have to play close to 70 games, as this new roster needs plenty of time to gel heading into the playoffs. But if you're going to point out Wade's health, I can then make the same statement about the Cavs' Kyrie Irving, who has played only eight more games in the regular season than Wade the last three years. What about Bosh? One max contract that some found to be questionable and all of a sudden people forgot how good they really are. LeBron didn't prop them up. He's going to have to find a middle ground between previous four seasons and the guy that was a monster in Toronto. Also, has Luol Deng recovered from Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau running them into the ground and/or suffering from playing half a season in Cleveland?
Why can't the Heat be a threat in the conference? Have you seen the East? It's still the same underwhelming mess. Even the favorites have some doubts to them – the Cavs have to figure out how they're going to play defense with a new coach coming into the NBA, while also trying to see how their players will mesh together; the Bulls have to concern themselves with Derrick Rose coming back from their second major knee injury in three years. Even the Wizards and Hornets – Miami's main competition in the Southeast Division – have new faces that have to fit in with the grand scheme. Can Lance Stephenson take a James Harden-like step in Charlotte, or will they continue to be all sizzle, but no steak? What about Washington? They lost Trevor Ariza and replaced them with Paul Pierce, who isn't exactly the same guy they were in Boston (although as we saw this past weekend at Fenway Park, they might not realize that). And are the Raptors even legit?
Why do I have hope? It's because this franchise has a culture that knows how to bring the best out of their players and help them win. Of course, having stars is a big advantage to building a championship contender, yet a team needs the guys around them that help complete the puzzle. But they can only complete the puzzle if they buy into the Heat culture. There's a reason why Pat Riley re-signed guys like Udonis Haslem, Mario Chalmers, and Chris Andersen: players that are not stars by any stretch of the imagination (although Chalmers' imagination would probably beg to differ) that have experience with winning and can help bridge the gap to the new guys. Think that's silly? Then why did LeBron make it such a big deal to have Mike Miller and James Jones go to Cleveland? Their effects on the Cavs will either be situational (Miller) or just a veteran that can get in a youngster's ear (Jones).
Most importantly, I believe in Heat coach Erik Spoelstra. They managed to milk a top 5-seed out of a Heat team that had Michael Beasley as its second best player in 2009 and 2010; you're telling me they can't get a division championship and top 3-seed with Bosh, Wade, and Deng? Spo is the same guy that found a way to make LeBron an all-around force of nature, made Wade an efficient scoring machine, and Bosh into a floor-spacing weapon. They find players strengths and finds way to put them into positions to take advantage of them. But he's going to have a hard time winning the Southeast?
That will be a part of the beauty of this upcoming season: nothing is set in stone. We're going to see the latest evolution of the Heat. One of franchise that is still the reigning – and defending – four time Eastern Conference champions. That's something that can't be lost in all of this: a champion looking to defend its crown, but with the added bonus of a giant chip on its shoulder. I'm going to guess Spoelstra will point that out from time to time.
The Miami Heat prepare themselves for another season of basketball. Now, no longer looked upon has a Finals contender, the Heat must fight their way for respect this season. But that seems to be a running theme for this franchise.
So it begins.
Again.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Presidential candidate Igor Dodon blames widespread corruption in Moldova on pro-EU parties
Pro-Russian candidate Igor Dodon has won the second round of Moldova's presidential election.
With almost all the ballots counted, Mr Dodon, who wants to restore close ties with Russia, had 52.18% of the vote. Their rival, pro-European candidate Maia Sandu, polled 47.82%.
The national vote marks the first direct presidential election in Moldova for 20 years.
Since 1996 presidents of Moldova have been chosen by parliament.
The election was seen as a battle between those supporting closer ties with Russia and those wanting integration with the European Union.
Who is Putin-fan Igor Dodon?
Speaking shortly after the closure of polling stations on Sunday, Mr Dodon called on Ms Sandu to preserve public order and abstain from protests.
"The election is over," they said, adding: "People have elected their president." The final voter turnout was 53.54%.
How close to Moscow can they go? By Petru Clej in Chisinau
Winning an election may be the easy part of Igor Dodon's plans. They now have to fulfil promises with few constitutional powers at their disposal.
They might try to undermine the government and a pro-European majority in parliament to force early elections and help their Party of Socialists to a majority, but they won't find it straightforward.
Image copyright AP Image caption Igor Dodon's campaign slogan was: "We will win. It will be better in Moldova!"
Moldova is now dependent on EU and IMF funds to help it survive the financial shock of the "theft of the century". Last year, three banks collapsed and $1bn (£790m) disappeared - equal to about one-sixth of the country's GDP.
Moldova can ill afford foregoing financial assistance by joining the Russian-dominated Eurasian Economic Union - one of Mr Dodon's main campaign promises.
Mr Dodon's electoral success may turn out to be a largely symbolic victory that leaves Moldova bitterly divided and none the wiser about which way to turn - whether to continue its slow progress towards the EU or return to Moscow's fold.
Mr Dodon, 41, was a deputy prime minister in the Party of Communists government before 2009. They blame widespread corruption in Moldova on the pro-EU parties that have ruled the country since then.
Both candidates criticised the vote on Sunday as badly organised, highlighting the shortage of ballot papers for overseas voters.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Maia Sandu is seen as one of the few "clean" politicians in Moldova
Moldova, a former Soviet republic with has close historical ties with Moscow, declared independence after the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1991.
It also has a breakaway region supported by Russia, Trans-Dniester.
It has moved to forge closer ties with the European Union in recent years, a course championed by Ms Sandu.
One of China's most charismatic “western-style” politicians has been sacked in a rare political scandal.
The removal of Bo Xilai, Communist party chief for the huge southwest metropolis of Chongqing, has exposed tensions in the preparations for a major transfer of power within China later this year.
Bo had been seen as a leading contender to join the Communist Party's politburo central committee.
Speculation about their future began last month when police chief Wang Lijun reportedly tried to defect to the United States.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao spoke about the incident on the sidelines of the National People's Congress in Beijing: “The present Chongqing municipal Party committee and municipal government must reflect seriously and learn from the Wang Lijun incident,” they said.
One political analyst suggested that Bo's controversial crackdown on corruption in Chongqing, a city of 30 million people, had made them enemies in the party and led to their downfall.
Others said Bo had annoyed senior party members with their unusually open and ambitious campaigning.
China's leadership renewal is expected to see General Secretary Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jaibao step down in the Autumn handing over to a new generation of leaders.
Labour MP and spokesperson for the Community and Voluntary Sector, Disability Issues, Associate Justice Spokesperson (Sexual and Domestic Violence) Poto William's statement on Facebook.
Kia orana
As the Labour Party Spokesperson for Family and Sexual Violence, I am concerned that Willie Jackson is becoming a Labour Party candidate with a prominent ranking on the list.
White Ribbon encourages everyone to break the silence around domestic violence by challenging comments and actions that are abusive or condone abuse. I was a vocal opponent of Mr Jackson's comments during the ‘Roast-Busters' incident and I do not believe that their attitude towards victims of sexual abuse match what I expect of a member of the Labour Party. Especially a member of our caucus.
I appreciate that Mr Jackson may regret their comments, but I am yet to hear that they understand their attitudes and views are highly offensive to many New Zealanswrs. I'm yet to hear that they wish to work on putting that right and apologise for their behaviour.
Violence is not just physical, but also covers emotional and verbal abuse. Not speaking out against abuse of any kind is condoning or tacitly endorsing that behaviour. The comments Mr Jackson made around the ‘Roast-Busters' incident are never OK, but it is OK to ask for help.
White Ribbon calls for us to support people who wish to change their abusive behaviour, so I welcome the opportunity to support Mr Jackson in apologising and making those changes.
Until then, as someone who speaks for the victims of family and sexual violence, and as a survivor of such abuse, I can not in good conscience support them as my colleague.
–ENDS–
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will face increased Western pressure on Wednesday when a senior British official flies to Ukraine to build a coalition to counter Russia's conflict with ex-Soviet Georgia.
Local militia and residents celebrate Russia's recognition of South Ossetia as an independent state in Tskhinvali August 26, 2008. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
The United States, NATO and European powers condemned as unacceptable Russia's recognition on Tuesday of two breakaway Georgian regions as independent states, and demanded Moscow recognize Georgia's territorial integrity.
U.S. President George W. Bush condemned Moscow's decision to recognize Abkhazia and South Ossetia, saying they must remain part of Georgia.
“Russia's action only exacerbates tensions and complicates diplomatic negotiations,” Bush said in a statement from their Texas ranch.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Tbilisi's desire to seize back Abkhazia and South Ossetia by force had killed all hopes for their peaceful co-existence in one state with Georgia.
Russian tanks and troops continue to occupy parts of Georgia after crushing Tbilisi's bid to retake South Ossetia — the first time Moscow has sent troops into another country since the end of the Soviet Union in 1991.
EU president France earlier this month brokered a ceasefire in the conflict and German Chancellor Angela Merkel said they would talk to Russia's leadership before Monday's emergency EU summit on the crisis to get the bloc's viewpoint across.
“I think each and every member state is very clear ... that it is of the utmost importance to find a common position, and I am going to do whatever I can so that we succeed,” they said.
COALITION
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, whose attempt this month to retake South Ossetia sparked the war with Russia, said the fate of the free world was being played out in their country.
“The Russian Federation's actions are an attempt to militarily annex a sovereign nation - the nation of Georgia,” they said in a statement released by the Foreign Ministry. “This a challenge to the entire world. Not just Georgia.”
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband was due in Kiev to meet the leadership of Ukraine, home to a large Russian-speaking population and a major Russian naval base.
“I am holding talks today with international partners and will be visiting Ukraine ... to ensure the widest possible coalition against Russian aggression in Georgia,” Miliband said on Tuesday.
Ukraine, like Georgia, has angered Moscow by actively seeking membership of NATO.
But divisions within the pro-Western camp there may complicate Miliband's mission.
President Viktor Yushchenko believes Ukraine should enter NATO and the European Union but Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has grown cooled towards NATO membership, which is unpopular with voters.
The West could exlude Russia from some top world bodies but its ability to punish Russia is limited given Russia's veto in the U.N. Security Council. The West needs also Moscow's support over Iran's nuclear program and supply routes for NATO forces in Afghanistan.
The United States appeared to pull back from the prospect of an immediate confrontation with Russia, cancelling the delivery of relief supplies by U.S. warships to Poti, a busy Georgia cargo port still patrolled by Russian forces.
Slideshow (24 Images)
Kremlin chief Medvedev said they did not want a new Cold War with the West but was not scared of one. And they told Europe, a major consumer of Russian oil and gas, that it had to decide what sort of ties it wanted with Moscow.
“The ball is in the Europeans' court. If they want a worsening in relations, they will get it of course,” they told France's LCI television. “If they want to maintain strategic relations, which is in my opinion totally in the interests of Russia and Europe, everything will go well.”
Europe and Russia are major trading partners and the conflict has rattled financial markets as well as raising concerns over the stability of a key oil and gas transit route from the Caspian Sea.
With all of the potty-mouthed politicking among U.S. presidential candidates lately, rants about how "America is going down the toilet" are starting to make more sense.
Actual, literal sense.
A free mobile game called 'Trump Dump,' in which players drop feces on Republican front-runner Donald Trump until they themselves turn into a pile of excrement, hit number 2 (no pun intended) on the iOS app charts last month, just days after its launch in both Canada and the U.S.
More recently, a British bar launched a "piss poll" in which patrons can urinate into the mouths of giant Trump, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz cut-outs to weigh in on which Republican candidates they like least.
Nightclubs in Winnipeg and Paris have similarly installed Trump heads behind their urinals, and just this week an Ohio farmer made headlines for using cow manure to spell out the billionaire business person's name across their land.
The goal of 'Trump Dump,' a Flappy Bird-like mobile game for iOS and Android, is to poop on U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump so much that they turn into poop. (Trump Dump/Google Play App Store)
For whatever reason, aspects of human life usually reserved for the bathroom are coming front and centre in conversations surrounding the 2016 presidential election, particularly in the context of Republican candidates.
Some might argue that this steady stream of toilet-humour has been inspired by what America is seeing on the campaign trail – like Rubio suggesting that Trump wets their pants, or Trump suggesting that Hillary Clinton does "disgusting" things in the bathroom, or Trump calling Cruz a "pussy" during a televised speech.
"Can America's political discourse get any cruder?" asked CBC News correspondent Neil MacDonald in January, well before the size of candidates' genitals became a matter of public debate.
The answer appears to be yes. Yes it can.
Context-free quote from <a href="https://twitter.com/CNN">@CNN</a> guest just now: "Marco Rubio is the dog poop" —@SimonHernandez
Here are just a few more of the many ways people have been using crap to express their crappy feelings about the upcoming election online – because as gross as political poop-art may be, the internet is eating it up right now.
The 'Politicians to Poop' browser extension
This free Chrome extension replaces the names of 2016 U.S. presidential candidates with the infamous poo emoji (💩) for those who install it while they browse the web.
"Options allow you to 'poopify' the names of Democrats, Republicans, or both," reads the extension's description on GitHub. "Any major third-party candidates that emerge will also be added to the list."
(GitHub/Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories)
The 'Donald Trump as poop' mural
Street artist and Banksy parodist 'Hanksy' installed this mural of Trump as a pile of poop, complete with buzzing flies, on the side of a building in Manhattan over the summer.
The online world adored it, as did locals according to CBS News. Those in the neighbourhood reportedly nicknamed this piece "Donald Dump."
(Instagram/hanksynyc)
The 'Ted Cruz Pooping Their Pants' Tumblr
Simple in its concept and execution, this Tumblr consists solely of pictures of Canada-born U.S. Senator Ted Cruz making faces that, to some, may fit its tedcruzpoopinghispants.tumblr.com URL.
(tedcruzpoopinghispants.tumblr.com)
The Marco Rubio 'bae' shirt
In February, team Rubio debuted a shirt that fans could buy to support the "babyfaced thirst-machine" (as Jezebel calls him) Republican candidate. Playing on the slang word "bae," which is used as a term of affection among some English-speaking youth, the shirt reads "RU(BAE)O."
It didn't take long for the people of Twitter (and several blogs) to point out that "bae" also means "poop" in Danish.
Someone should tell them bae means poop.<a href="https://t.co/cg6YbWPjiv">https://t.co/cg6YbWPjiv</a> —@betaporter
Literal 'Pieces of shit for Trump'
A smear campaign called 'Pieces of Shit for Trump' emerged online a few weeks ago, complete with its own website, Instagram account and printable signs.
"For too long, pieces of shit in this country have sat idly by as the current administration has made a mess of things," reads the website, created by the San Francisco advertising agency barrettSF. "It's time to be changed."
"From their political views to personal convictions, Donald J. Trump is a leader who not only understands the values of the common piece of shit, but who has the strength to push those values through Washington," the spiel continues. "A candidate who is truly for us, because they are."
The site encourages people to order a campaign kit and "turn every pile into a patriotic monument" by decorating their dogs' droppings with tiny Trump flags.
To date, there have been 59 posts on the campaign's Instagram hashtag.
(Instagram/shitfortrump)
For those interested, you can also order a separate company's branded Donald Trump dog poop bags. Or follow Triumph The Insult comic dog's quest to poop on as many presidential candidates as possible. Or watch a bull predict which candidates will get nominations... by pooping.
Or not.
Some of the Internet's biggest rabble rousers are putting their political weight behind a new technological cause: Your right to hack your own gadgets.
On Wednesday a group including Mozilla, startup incubator YCombinator, Reddit, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Internet activism group Fight For the Future and others launched a new campaign they're calling Fix The DMCA. The group's goal: To repeal a provision of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act known as section 1201 that prevents users and companies from tampering with any device in a way that could be interpreted as circumventing restrictions designed to prevent copyright violations.
The idea for the new campaign began with Sina Khanifar, a 27-year-old entrepreneur and activist who in January launched a petition on Whitehouse.gov to allow the "unlocking" of cell phones. That practice of altering phones' software to allow them to be used on a different carrier became illegal under the DMCA's 1201 provision when an exemption for unlocking phones expired on January 26th. Khanifar's petition quickly amassed more than 114,000 signatures and elicited a friendly response from the White House, who agreed that legal phone unlocking is in the best interests of consumers.
Despite the Obama administration's support for phone unlocking, however, other controversial portions of the DMCA haven't been addressed: The DMCA's 1201 provision also threatens to make it illegal, for instance, to "jailbreak" an Apple or Android tablet computer to install software Apple, Google, or another manufacturer didn't intend. The security industry has long complained that the law makes it potentially illegal to reverse engineer devices to test them for security flaws. And even exemptions to the provision, like one passed for jailbreaking phones and another for tools that read text aloud for the blind, don't necessarily cover those who make and distribute those jailbreaking or text-to-speech tools.
"Anti-circumvention means I can't circumvent security locks. But it really means I can't make full use of the things I purchase." says Khanifar, who received a lawsuit threat from Motorola in 2005 for offering an unlocking service for phones, and now runs OpenSignal, a crowdsourced mapping company. "It's like having a lock on your door, and it's illegal to have a locksmith adjust it in any way...It's quite bad for innovation across all classes of technology. We're asking Congress to look at this and repeal it."
A website set up by the group, FixTheDMCA.org, asks visitors to email and tweet at their legislators, asking for a bill that repeals the DMCA's section 1201. "We don't expect this to be an easy battle," says Parker Higgins, an activist with the Electronic Frontier Foundation who is working with Khanifar. "But really everything that people have discussed around jailbreaking and unlocking devices only goes part of the way towards solving this problem. As we see it, going the whole way means getting rid of 1201 altogether. We want to tell Congress we've found the root cause of the problem."
Jennifer Granick, director of civil liberties at the Stanford Law School Center For Internet And Society, wrote a blog post earlier this week pointing to problems with the DMCA's 1201 provision that affect everyone from a long list of security researchers threatened by tech companies whose products they've reverse engineered to makers of generic printer cartridges and garage door openers.
"Technology will change, and these same DMCA problems will reoccur," Granick wrote. "But because the technologies are unfamiliar, and the markets new, we may be less likely to identify the consumer rights issues, to know how much better things would be with a healthy aftermarket."
Violations of the DCMA's 1201 provision are punishable with up to $500,000 in fines or five years in prison for a first offense, and $1 million or 10 years for repeated offenses. But just how the law is enforced remains unclear. According to the most recent numbers from the Cydia app store for jailbroken Apple devices, around 4.6 million iPad users have jailbroken their tablets, all potentially violating the law. The hackers who created those jailbreaking tools, such as those who released the popular evasi0n jailbreaking software last month, might be subject to penalties as well. No charges against jailbreakers have been filed yet.
“These popular tools that millions of people use might still leave people legally liable,” the EFF's Higgins told me earlier in the week. “Even if they're not doing it yet, giving companies the legal power to abuse these laws makes me a little uneasy... [The ban on phone unlocking] is a symptom. The underlying problem is the anticircumvention provision. And that works against consumers' interests every day.”
Check out Fix The DMCA's website here.
—
Follow me on Twitter, and check out my new book, This Machine Kills Secrets: How WikiLeakers, Cypherpunks and Hacktivists Aim To Free The World's Information.
The White House will not try to block former FBI Director James Comey from testifying before Congress this week.
“President Trump will not assert executive privilege regarding James Comey's testimony,” White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said during a news briefing Monday.
Sanders told reporters that the president's right to “assert executive privilege is well-established” but that the White House wants to “facilitate a swift and thorough examination of the facts.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Comey is testifying Thursday before Congress, their first public comments since Trump fired them last month.
The fired FBI director is expected to speak about any of their private conversations with the president that included talk about the ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
Comey reportedly kept detailed notes of their discussions with Trump, including one in which the president allegedly pressured them to ease off a probe into ousted national security adviser Michael Flynn and another in which Trump asked for theirs loyalty.
Last week, the White House refused to rule out the possibility that Trump would use executive privilege to stop Comey's testimony.
Legal experts warned that any attempt to block Comey's testimony would likely fail, especially since Trump has commented publicly about their talks with the former director. Such a claim would certainly add fuel to the political firestorm surrounding the Russia probe.
— Updated at 2:44 p.m.
There comes a time when certain hockey lines become in need of naming. Throughout the years, the Rangers themselves have had a few memorable lines, including but not limited to the “G-A-G” (Goal A Game) line which consisted of Jean Ratelle, Rod Gilbert, and Vic Hadfield during the late 1960's and early 70's, and the “Czech Mate” line of Jan Hlavac, Petr Nedved, and Radek Dvorak during the late 90's and early 2000's.
While it's early yet, as they've only played together for about a month, the time has seemingly come for a new line to be granted such a distinction, and that is the trio of Carl Hagelin, Kevin Hayes, and JT Miller. During their time together thus far, the Rangers' third line has consistently provided headaches for the opposition, and even when they haven't posted points on the score sheet, they have still been one of the team's most effective lines on a night in and night out basis by using their speed, size, and skill.
Now I am not saying that they are perfect, nor am I even saying they deserve to be considered the team's top-line. They don't. But boy, when they are on, they are on, and Wednesday's game in Washington was exhibit “A.”
The Rangers' third line was responsible for the majority of the team's offense in the contest against the Capitals, as Hagelin and Miller both lit the lamp, accounting for two of the three Ranger goals on the evening, while Hayes had the primary assists on each of those tallies.
The way they simply overwhelmed the third place team in the Metropolitan Division was remarkable, and the fact that the average age of the line is 23 makes it flat-out scary.
In Hagelin, you have a small jumping bean-like skater whose speed is among the best in the NHL which in turn creates space on the ice for their fellow line mates. Then there's Miller, who has at long last seemingly secured a full-time spot on the Rangers roster. It's their strength and work along the boards which makes them a key player on the wing. And then of course there's Mr. Hayes at center. Hayes, just 22 years of age playing in their first professional season out of Boston College, has gone from a young kid transitioning their game from the College to Professional level, to a full-time NHL skater who is quickly approaching stardom.
I wish there were a better way to say this, but Kevin Hayes is just a monster in the making, and he's got this goal from Tuesday's game against the Islanders to prove it.
Put the three together, and you've got quite a third line which has helped only further pad the offensive depth on this year's Rangers squad. And while the top-two lines may be overall more talented and consistently offensively savvy, the youthful and energetic nature of the third line has provided a more-than pleasant surprise to the Rangers and their fans, and a fresh excitement has come along with it.
And so, here they stand in need of something to set them apart, something that will establish them as not just some third line that has recently come together, but a name that will make them recognizable to all who look and listen.
With names like Hagelin, Hayes, and Miller, nothing stands out off the bat. Sure, Hagelin is quick, and Hayes is big and strong, but so are plenty of other NHL players. You could head in the direction of college hockey, as both Hayes and Hagelin went that route to the NHL, but Miller throws a bit of a wrench in that one. And then there's science, and quite frankly, where would these three line mates be if it weren't for a little bit of chemistry?
Just as water is known as H2O, why can't Miller (M), Hayes (H), and Hagelin (H) be forever known as the MH2 line? Now I will admit, this brilliant idea is not a Gittler original, in fact it belongs to the ever-prominent twitter man Steven David himself, but it is really just so fitting for this trio of players, and I fully support the MH2 idea.
I call them MH2 bc they have great chemistry. #Science — Steven David (@Garts2point2) March 12, 2015
From the first day this line was assembled by Alain Vigneault following the knee injury to Jesper Fast, they have done nothing but thrive. In 16 games since its formation, the MH2 line has collected a combined 27 points, and are a collective plus-25. Again, not dominant, but pretty darn good for a third line.
The overarching message here, though, is this. Carl Hagelin, Kevin Hayes, and JT Miller have come together to surprise many a fan. Some night's they're buzzing around the offensive zone and posting points the way a top-line would, and other's they're just playing good, smart hockey. At this point in the season, there's no sane reason to expect that these guys would get split up, so seeing as they'll more-than likely be together at least for the foreseeable future, the time feels right to really push the idea of a name for this line.
Good on Steven David for their creativity. The above wordage has simply been my endorsement. Here's to a strong finish to the season for the MH2 line.
Halt and Catch Fire‘s Mackenzie Davis is featured on one of the covers of Interview magazine's June/July rising stars issue, interviewed by the mag's editor-in-chief Nick Haramis.
Here's what the 30-year-old actor had to share with the mag:
On pursuing acting: “Acting was always something I pursued by myself. When we were in college, I took an acting class that I was so passionate about and devoted to, but I went to it privately and never really spoke about it. I'd have these ecstatic experiences in, like, a church basement and then never talk about it with other people.”
On landing their first movie role in Breathe In: “I reacted like I'd just won Miss Universe or something, like nothing better had ever happened to me. And it was true. Nothing better had ever happened to me, but I wish I could temper some of my outward displays of emotion. I remember sitting on the subway after I'd found out, and you know that scene in Unfaithful where Diane Lane is recalling the adulterous sex that they had? Them head is against a window and she's laughing and reliving the sex. I was sitting on the train, tears pouring down my eyes, thinking, “Nobody knows the world of emotion I'm inhabiting right now.” And then I called you.”
On being recognized on the street: “I struggle with it a bit, but I don't want to be precious or weird about it. It's lovely to be recognized by people who like your work, and it's not as if I've done a Marvel movie. People say that with great power comes great responsibility, but it's more like sh*tty things will happen if you take certain jobs. One of the reasons I don't do social media is that I like the feeling that if somebody asks me for a picture on the street, I don't have to say yes.”
Also featured on the other covers are Timothée Chalamet, Bill Skarsgård, Zazie Beetz, Tom Holland, and Mackenzie!
For more from Mackenzie, visit InterviewMagazine.com.
File under fun. Like most of you, we spend a lot of time staring at some screens throughout the day. Typically our Windows Phone device and computer are the ones that get the most action. You love the look and feel of Windows Phone and get that same familiarity in Windows 8. But what about in the wild web? You don't have much control over how a site looks. Or do you? If you want to make your web browsing experience on the desktop a little more like Windows Phone check out the following extensions for Chrome. Yes, Chrome, mostly because Internet Explorer doesn't support add-ons/extensions at the moment like Chrome does. We'll be making Reddit and the general web a little more “Metro”.
It's super easy to get going with making the world a little more “Metro”. To start you'll be installing an extension which is available for either Chrome or Firefox. It's called Stylish. Go install the Chrome version or the Firefox version. Once you've installed Stylish you'll be installing a user style. There's two we're looking at today. What's a user style? Little pieces of code that make changes to style changes to websites. For example they might change the font, remove sections, tweak the display, or completely redesign the site. They're a nice way to change up the look of an ugly site or customize something to your liking. You can browse and find a ton of them available for free to the community. Here's the two we'll be looking at. Reddit – Metro First up is a user style called Reddit – Metro. It adds some Windows Phone designs to Reddit. It should work with the Reddit Enhancement Suite (highly recommended), but you might have trouble using it with “night mode”. Below is a before (left) and after (right). While it might not be for everyone, it's fun to play around with and you can always disable it with a click of a button. Grab Reddit – Metro.
Before After Metro Everything! This user style does one thing and one thing well. It changes the font of every website to Segoe UI – the same font used throughout Windows Phone. Below is what it looks like before (left) and after (right). Again, not for everyone, but the Windows Phone Central crew has been playing around with them this afternoon and just wanted to share with you guys. Grab Metro Everything!
Apparently, a few billion dollars doesn't buy what it used to.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, whose net worth is estimated at $2.7 billion, was caught on camera talking on an old school flip phone during Saturday's Notre Dame-Arizona State game at Cowboys Stadium.
Jerry Jones, owns a team worth $2.3 billion, still uses a flip phone pic.twitter.com/NYalXeopTf — Cork Gaines (@CorkGaines) October 6, 2013
Sure, Jones is 70 years old, but they could certainly afford to pay someone to teach them how to use a smart phone. Maybe they and Andrew Luck could get a group rate.
As one might have guessed, the reaction on Twitter to Jones' ancient phone was quite comical:
Jerry Jones, who is made of money, still uses a flip phone. That's pretty sad. — Ceese Carcieri (@CESPN1) October 6, 2013
Jerry Jones is worth over a billion dollars, but my man still uses a flip phone...#BlessHisHeart — Matt Barrie (@MattBarrieESPN) October 6, 2013
Why does Jerry Jones have a flip phone? All that money and you can't pay someone to teach you how to work an iPhone? — Alissa Parten (@alissaap) October 6, 2013
MADE OF DIAMONDS. RT @InTheBleachers: Jerry Jones has a flip phone? — Tom Fornelli (@TomFornelli) October 6, 2013
Jones might either want to install tinted windows in their suite or be more careful about what they do during games because he's been caught in some unfortunate situations.
Best-Selling Author Makes Their Case: How To Really Reform College Sports
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee wants all of the city's police officers to wear body cameras and, they say, he'll make sure they have the money to make that happen. It's part of a number of reforms in the wake of a growing divide between police and the community.If there is any opposition to the mayor's plan, it is hard to find. San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr quotes a report which says that among police departments which use body cams, the use of force complaints had a dramatic drop of 87-percent."It's a win-win situation that protects good people on both sides of the lens," Suhr said.Suhr says evidence supports bodycams. Bodycams can determine outcomes of civil and criminal cases.A Marin County resident won millions of dollars in a lawsuit after they were tasered, repeatedly by a sheriff's deputy. Their camera shot captured everything in the 2009 incident.In March 2014 at Santa Rita Jail, an officer's bodycam records the moment BART and Oakland police officers take down a drunken woman so hard they began bleeding from the head and had multiple broken bones in their face. She's suing for excessive force. Them attorney's argument is simply, "The camera doesn't lie."Lee believes that idea as well. They plan to give lots of money for police body cameras. They said they wanted to set aside "$6.6 million in our next two-year budget to fund approximately 1,800 body cameras for each of our officers that are on our streets."The mayor also wants to hire 250 new officers over the next two years from five academy classes, the priority being recruits from the city's neighborhoods. San Francisco Supervisor Malia Cohen says that's a critical component."We need to also recruit, retain and also promote diversity within our own ranks," Cohen said.The department received a grant two years ago that paid for a pilot program. They bought 165 bodycams but found that administering the cameras would be an added and costly expense which required additional funding. Now they've got it and more.Meanwhile, on Thursday the American Civil Liberties Union launched a smartphone app to preserve videos involving police encounters. Through the app, the videos will automatically be submitted to their chapter of the ACLU. California is the latest state where the "Mobile Justice" app is available.
What Successful People Do Differently
9 Things Successful People Do Differently
The following article appeared in the
Why have you been so successful in reaching some of
It turns out that even brilliant, highly accomplished people are pretty lousy when it comes to understanding
In fact, decades of research on achievement suggests that successful people Why have you been so successful in reaching some of your goals , but not others? If you aren't sure, you are far from alone in your confusion.It turns out that even brilliant, highly accomplished people are pretty lousy when it comes to understanding why they succeed or fail. The intuitive answer — that you are born predisposed to certain talents and lacking in others — is really just one small piece of the puzzle.In fact, decades of research on achievement suggests that successful people
reach their goals
not simply because of who they are, but more often because of
what they do
.
A new law that seeks to restrict the power of Sharia courts in Britain could soon be debated on the floor of the House of Commons after passing its final reading in the Lords.
Baroness Cox's Arbitration and Mediation Services (Equality) Bill passed unamended in the Lords on 20 January and is now on its way to the Commons, where the 78-year-old cross-party peer believes it already has significant support from both Labour and Conservative MPs.
Cox told IBTimes UK that they have a meeting with Justice Secretary Michael Gove on Monday (1 February) and is optimistic that David Cameron's government may consider taking on their bill. If not, they said at least three Labour MPs had expressed an interest in taking it on as a private members bill.
The bill could see Sharia court scholars jailed if they present themselves as judges, and could force Islamic courts to ensure equality of the sexes. Cox believes this dovetails with plans by the Home Secretary to launch an enquiry into the Sharia system and the announcement of new funding for Muslim women to learn English.
"The bill went through unamended from start to finish and we have a lot of people in the Commons who are very keen to run with it, from both the major parties. It has a welcome waiting for it in the Commons," they said.
"I hope Michael Gove might be as helpful and might give it some kind of fair wind. I am going to suggest that the government might want to take it over so it is more likely to go through. I think it might be helpful for the government [because] it fits the zeitgeist of the times."
Them comments came in a wide ranging interview on the subject of Sharia law in Britain, the first instalment of a week-long series by IBTimes UK into the UK's Islamic courts system. As part of the series, IBTimes UK spoke to Muslim scholars in London and the Midlands as well as British Muslims with direct experience of the courts.
The bill, which was first lodged by Cos in 2011, has been criticised by many British Muslim leaders who claim both that it is redundant – as Muslim courts already operate within the British legal system – and that it will lead to a rise in Islamophobia. But Cox said that Muslim women have welcomed their efforts to rein in Sharia courts.
"After we had the second reading I had phone calls from Muslim women saying thank you. That it was the light at the end of the tunnel for them. They said they were trapped but now someone was talking about, and trying to do something," they said.
Read IBTimes UK's full interview with Baroness Cox – 'The Suffragettes will be turning in their graves'.
What Adam Wingard Wants Death Note Fans To Know About Their Netflix Movie By Sean O'Connell Random Article Blend What if you had the power to kill anyone you wanted, simply by writing their name on a piece of paper? You'd essentially have the power of a god, choosing -- in an instant -- who lives, and who falls before your newfound might. Would you use that power for good... or for evil? This question lies at the heart of Death Note, a classic Japanese manga story originally created by writer Tsugumi Ohba and illustrator Takeshi Obata. The Death Note story has been faithfully adapted in multiple formats since first debuting in 2003, from live-action interpretations to an extremely popular anime series. And later this summer, horror master Adam Wingard (The Guest, You're Next) will bring their fresh take on the material to Netflix. Earlier this year, CinemaBlend flew to Vancouver to watch Wingard and their cast -- including stars Nat Wolff and Margaret Qualley -- shoot scenes from Netflix's original thriller Death Note. After that process, where we toured sets and examined props, we broke down Wingard's approach to the story, which they know is beloved by fans around the globe. The director tells us: For us, this felt like an opportunity to take something that was familiar and to do something new with it. ... [And] because we were taking something that is very Japanese and moving it over to a different country, we realized that not only were there changes that needed to be made, but ultimately, it was a chance to take a new approach to something that you have seen before. And that's what we did. One of the biggest changes made to Death Note is the setting. The action had shifted to America before Adam Wingard even signed on to the project, as the producers were intending to make a Western version of the classic Japanese tale without replicating any of the previous takes. The original script was set in Chicago, though Wingard told me they moved it to Seattle to achieve a dreary, gritty, rainy kid of atmosphere. While character backstories shifted and fluctuated to fit this new narrative, the plot of basically the same. The Death Note is an ancient and mystical notebook handed down to strangers over the course of generations. The book has been in the hands of major historical figures over the years, from Napoleon to the vikings. As this story starts, the mischievous Shinigami spirit Ryuk (Willem Dafoe) drops the book into the hands of Light (Nat Wolff), to see how a bored an indifferent high schooler uses this unlimited power. Adam Wingard was with Death Note when it initially was set up at Warner Bros. They explain that they knew the story had to be rated R from the get-go, and admits that the major studio potentially got cold feet about the material as they got closer to production. A movie about teenage kids using a supernatural notebook to kill a bunch of people tends to do that. Wingard told us that they started to hear rumors about possible budget cuts on the project, or a push to make Death Note PG-13 -- both of which would have been incredibly damaging for their vision. Wingard admits they thought the movie was dead in the water. But in a case of being at the right place at the right time, Netflix stepped in, looking for movies that have a mainstream appeal, that don't do it in a mainstream sort of way. Wingard told us: That's really the key. We're doing a movie that could play in theaters, but it's doing things that you don't conventionally see in theaters. Death Note is preparing a big, splashy Hall H panel at San Diego Comic-Con on Thursday, where Netflix will show off the first real footage from the upcoming movie. The latest trailer is here: We will have plenty more exclusives from our Death Note set visit hitting CinemaBlend this week, and we'll they in Hall H on Thursday to report back what we learn in San Diego. And you will be able to see Death Note when it starts streaming on Netflix on August 25. Velvet Buzzsaw Ending: What Happens and What It Means Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
While their career may have given them visibility, few here doubt what actually propelled them into office. “It's a protest vote,” said Gunnar Helgi Kristinsson, a political science professor at the University of Iceland.
In one of the first signs of Europe's financial troubles, Iceland's banks crashed in 2008, plunging the country into crisis. In April, voters were further upset by a report that detailed extreme negligence, cronyism and incompetence at the highest levels of government. They were ready for someone, anyone, other than the usual suspects, Professor Kristinsson said.
“People know Jon Gnarr is a good comedian, but they don't know anything about their politics,” they said. “And even as a comedian, you never know if he's serious or if he's joking.”
But as Mr. Gnarr settles into the mayor's office, they do not seem to be kidding at all.
The Best Party, whose members include a who's who of Iceland's punk rock scene, formed a coalition with the center-left Social Democrats (despite Mr. Gnarr's suspicion that party leaders had assigned an underling to watch “The Wire” and take notes). With that, Mr. Gnarr took office last week, hoping to serve out a full, four-year term, and the new government granted free admission to swimming pools for everyone under 18. Its plans include turning Reykjavik, with its plentiful supply of geothermal energy, into a hub for electric cars.
“Just because something is funny doesn't mean it isn't serious,” said Mr. Gnarr, whose foreign relations experience includes a radio show in which they regularly crank-called the White House, the C.I.A., the F.B.I. and police stations in the Bronx to see if they had found their lost wallet.
THE polar bear idea, for example, was not totally facetious. As a result of global warming, a handful of polar bears have swum to Iceland in recent years and been shot. Better, Mr. Gnarr said, to capture them and put them in the zoo.
Photo
The free towels? That evolved from an idea to attract more tourists by attaining spa status for the city's public pools, which have seawater and sulfur baths. For accreditation under certain European Union rules, however, a spa has to offer free towels, so that became a campaign slogan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Gnarr, born in Reykjavik as Jon Gunnar Kristinsson to a police officer and a kitchen worker, was not a model child. At 11, they decided school was useless to their future as a circus clown or pirate and refused to learn any more. At 13, they stopped going to class and joined Reykjavik's punk scene. At 14, they were sent to a boarding school for troubled teenagers and stayed until they were 16, when they left school for good.
Back in Reykjavik, they worked odd jobs, rented rooms, joined activist groups like Greenpeace and considered themselves an anarchist (he still does). They also wrote poetry and traveled with the Sugarcubes, Bjork's first band. They said they hated music but was a good singer, and began their career with humorous songs punctuated by monologues.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I didn't have many job options,” they said. “It was a way of making a living and still having fun.” Their wife, Johanna Johannsdottir, a massage therapist, is Bjork's best friend.
Mr. Gnarr said their idea for the Best Party was born of the profound distress and moral confusion after the banking collapse, when Icelanders fiercely debated their obligation to repay ruined British and Dutch depositors.
Practically speaking, Mr. Gnarr said they had no qualms. “Why should I repay money I never spent?” they asked, a common sentiment here. But on a deeper level, they had misgivings.
“I consider myself a very moral person,” they said. “Suddenly, I felt like a character in a Beckett play, where you have moral obligations towards something you have no possibility of understanding. It was like ‘Waiting for Godot' — I was in limbo.”
LAST winter, they opened a Best Party Web site and started writing surreal “political” articles. “I got such good reactions to it,” Mr. Gnarr said, “and I started sensing the need for this — a breath of fresh air, a new interaction.”
The campaign released a popular video set to Tina Turner's “The Best,” in which Mr. Gnarr posed with a stuffed polar bear and petted a rock, while joining their supporters in singing about the Best Party.
“A lot of us are singers,” said Ottarr Proppe, the third-ranking member of the Best Party, who was with the cult rock band HAM and the punk band Rass. Mr. Proppe now sits on the city's executive board, where they will be deciding matters like how much money to allocate for roads. “Making a video was very easy,” they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At a recent budget meeting, Mr. Proppe, who has a wild red beard, ran their hand through their bleached-blond hair as they studied the fiscal report from behind tinted, gold-rimmed glasses. Their old band mate S. Bjorn Blondal quizzed the city's comptroller. Heida Helgadottir, who ran the campaign and is now assistant to the mayor, wore a diaphanous minidress and typed notes.
Mr. Gnarr, who comes across as thoughtful and reserved, did not speak often. When they did they had the whole room, including the strait-laced Social Democrat, in stitches. Still, they are not just playing a cutup; friends describe their move to politics as a spiritual awakening. They agreed.
“Of all the projects I've been involved with, this one has given me the most satisfaction, the greatest sense of contentment.”
A Burger King meal is seen in this picture illustration at the fast food restaurant chain's branch in Hanau, August 29, 2014. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/Files
MUMBAI (Reuters) - U.S. fast food chain Burger King Worldwide will open about 12 outlets in India over the next 60-90 days, Rajeev Varman, chief executive of the hamburger chain's India unit said on Saturday.
The chain announced last year a tie-up with the Everstone Group to develop the Burger King brand presence in the country.
In India, the hamburger chain has changed its menu to sell mutton, chicken and veggie sandwiches.
“In the long run, India is going to be one of the largest markets globally. Burger King most certainly sees India as one of the biggest opportunities in the future,” Varman said ahead of the chain's first store opening in New Delhi.
Burger King is a late entrant in the country. Rival McDonald's Corp has been around for close to two decades and has already grown its network in tier two and three cities.
“Turkey, China and Russia are each growing by around 100 restaurants a year. Here in India, we will set up our first few restaurants and use that to fine-tune our operating model before determining our growth plans,” Varman said in an email.
Not so long ago, travelers might have stopped in the Glòries area of Barcelona only if they were stuck in traffic. Three major roads leading in and out of this Spanish city — Avenida Diagonal, Avenida Meridiana and the Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes — converged here at an elevated roundabout, where cars often came to a standstill.
But lately this northeastern axis of the Catalan capital — situated in the Sant Martí district, bordering Eixample — is becoming a place to go to, not just through, especially for those interested in design. The roundabout has been torn down as part of a roadway reconfiguration, making the area more walkable. And some of the city's most exciting public spaces have sprung up nearby, including a popular flea market under a modernist metal roof and, opening last December, the Barcelona Design Museum. “The area is definitely up-and-coming,” said the tour guide Jordan Susselman, whose company, Hi. This Is Barcelona … , increasingly makes stops in Glòries and adjacent Poblenou.
In fact, the city has been trying to invigorate this part of town for some time. Ildefons Cerdà, the engineer who drew up the 1859 plan for the expansion of Barcelona, envisioned their Plaça de les Glòries Catalanes as a new town center. Instead, Glòries (pronounced GLO-rias), as it's commonly called, became the asupervisorstioned traffic snarl, a no man's land at the top point of a triangular swath stretching down to the Mediterranean, encompassing Poblenou, or “new city,” a longtime manufacturing zone that declined in the 20th century.
Redevelopment efforts before the 1992 Olympics led to a rebranding of Poblenou as the “22@” district, Barcelona's mini-Silicon Valley. In recent years, artists, architects and designers have joined technology companies here, and galleries and furniture showrooms have opened amid auto repair shops, abandoned lots and nondescript low-rise housing blocks.
Popular Texas Republican Congressman Ron Paul has a message for the American people: If you tolerate the new, invasive Transportation Security Administration procedures, then maybe you deserve it.
“This is such an affront, so much out in the open,” they said during a Tuesday radio interview. “Government being so bold as to maul us in public and say they're doing it for our interests. If we tolerate this, there's something wrong with us. It's probably not fair to say this because so many people don't deserve it but — we deserve some of this stuff if we don't do something about it.”
Paul was speaking with Austin, Texas talk show host Alex Jones, a fellow libertarian whose programming tends to focus on police issues, the drivers of globalization and conspiracy theories.
“The American people have to do something,” Paul said. “They'll eventually have to boycott the airlines or whatever. Or throw the bums out: maybe Congress will get off their duffs in January and insist that we reign in the TSA.”
However, that would seem a bit unlikely, especially with former Homeland Security director Michael Chertoff, a hero to many in the GOP, running about playing chief advocate for the government's adoption of backscatter x-ray machines. As head of the Chertoff Group, the former Bush official effectively leads lobbying efforts on behalf of body scanner manufacturer Rapiscan and a consortium of smaller firms.
It was only after they told members of the press that x-ray scanners would likely have caught the so-called underwear bomber, captured last Christmas in a failed attack, that their profit motive in such a statement was revealed.
The government began purchasing Rapiscan x-ray machines in 2005, under a Republican Congress and Republican presidency, at Chertoff's orders. Their application has only accelerated under the Obama administration, at the behest of Homeland Security Director Janet Napolitano.
The government currently has about 400 body scanners in operation at 70 different airports, with plans to spread the technology to courthouses.
“Chertoff launched their firm just days after President Barack Obama took office, eventually recruiting at least 11 top officials from the Department of Homeland Security, as well as former CIA director General Michael Hayden and other top military brass and security officials,” noted reporter Marcus Baram, writing for Huffington Post.
Speaking to Jones, Paul cautioned that even if airports begin contracting with private companies to provide security — as one central Florida airport already has — they're only hiring “their favorite corporations,” which ultimately do the same things as the government.
Jones asked if Paul had ever “suffered at the hands of the TSA”. The question was notable considering the recent revelation that members of Congress, other lawmakers and law enforcement are exempt from security checkpoints altogether.
Paul appeared to confirm that they go through them like everyone else.
“I have to go through that all the time because I have metal in my knees. I don't go through and, well, basically the x-ray is not available and I hate the idea of doing that and so … I get prodded all the time and it's disgusting and I tell 'em so. I say, ‘This is disgusting. How can you do it? Why am I putting up with any of this?' It's so disgusting that I just don't understand, and that's why I'm determined to wake up the people about what's happening.”
Paul recently introduced the American Traveler Dignity Act to the House which would remove legal immunity from federal employees who subject an individual to any physical contact, x-rays, or aids in the creation of any part of a individual's body as a condition to travel in an aircraft.
During the 2010 mid-term elections, Paul's son Rand became the next Republican Senator from Kentucky. The younger Paul was swept into power largely by the arch-conservative tea party Republicans who were attracted to their brand of mainstream libertarianism. He's so far the only Senator-elect on the Republican side to advocate for cuts to the defense budget: a move that would garner the support of many progressives.
UPDATED: The Norwegian Church's (Den norske kirke) the highest governing body voted against allowing homosexual couples to marry in a religious ceremony on Tuesday. However, a majority also rejected endorsing the status quo, that marriage is between one man and one woman, leaving the church with no clear statement on its gay marriage stance.
The marriage proposal was defeated 64 votes to 51 at the Kirkemøtet in Kristiansand. “Now they've said loud and clear that they won't be a national church,” said Bård Nylund, leader of the Norwegian LGBT Association (Landsforeningen for lesbiske, homofile, bifile og transpersoner, LLH). “It's sad for the Church, and all the members who now feel that the Church doesn't give them the belonging they want.”
While they were disappointed with the outcome, Nylund told Norwegian Broadcasting (NRK) they were happy as many has 51 members of the church council voted in favour. “Now we must be patient and see if we can make changes at the next crossroads.”
Trygve Wyller, the Dean at Oslo University's Faculty of Theology, said they were surprised and delighted so many were actually in favour of the proposal. “It's clear that for the homosexuals and lesbians this is not satisfactory,” they told NRK. “For me, purely theologically, it's not satisfactory either. But it is good that so many wanted the changes. That points in the right direction.”
A proposal for a prayer recognizing two equal theological views on same-sex marriage and giving the church's blessing to same-sex couples after they married in a civil ceremony was also rejected. A plan to introduce a prayer, without acknowledging two equal views, was also shut down.
Church unclear on how to proceed
However, a majority also rejected the fourth and final proposal, to endorse the church's status quo that marriage is between one man and one woman. The endorsement proposal was rejected 62 votes to 54. It meant there was no clear statement from the Kirkemøtet on Tuesday on the church's gay marriage stance.
“I am very happy that the most radical proposal did not go through,” said pastor Øivind Benestad, on the vote against gay marriage in the church. “I will be satisfied if it ends up that marriage is preserved as a relationship between man and woman. That is the only solution, both biblical and in church history, on what a marriage is. That's what will hold the Church together in the long run.”
Egil Morland used the bible to back their argument when speaking against gay marriage before the votes. “I justify my stance from the Scripture, that when Jesus themselves comments on this they point back to creation.” Gay marriage supporter Kristin Gunleiksrud Raaum also used the bible to support their stance. “For me it concerns taking the gospel seriously, taking Jesus' word seriously and taking love seriously,” they told NRK.
Norway passed a shared, gender-neutral civil marriage law in 2008, stepping up from the partnership laws passed in 1993. The Church of Sweden (Svenske Kyrkan) has allowed gay marriage since 2009.
newsinenglish.no/Emily Woodgate
PopZette ‘Blackish': A Vote for Trump ‘Is a Vote for Racism' ABC sitcom hurls insult after insult at America and our president-elect
“You sound stupid,” one character on Wednesday night's “Blackish” says to another in defending their vote for President-Elect Donald Trump. The latest episode of the series that focuses on an upper middle-class African-American family struggling with cultural identity was completely about the November presidential election and its fallout.
Advertised as “the election through the eyes of ‘Blackish,'” the episode depicted Trump's presidential victory as giving way to white men everywhere bullying and screaming at those who are not like them. In one scene, a white high school student refuses to listen to their foreign-born teacher — and then leads the room in a “ship their back” chant.
Advertisement
[lz_ndn video=31831132]
When main character Andre “Dre” Johnson (Anthony Anderson) walks into work, the sitcom showed white men berating women and minorities and screaming at fellow workers. What a fantasy.
“America has a love affair with upsets,” Anderson said in the show's opening narration. They continued, “What happens when the winners and losers are supposed to be on the same side?” as an election map appears onscreen.
The majority of the episode's action took place in a conference room, in which one character revealed they voted for Trump. After facing harsh backlash from everyone else in the room, they said, “At least I know what they say is on their mind.”
Responses from the other characters ranged from, “He's the devil,” to “A vote for Trump is a vote for racism.” When the discussion turned to outgoing President Barack Obama, the series gave them the same big wet, admiring kiss the media and celebrities have been bestowing for weeks.
The episode may have been a form of revenge against the president-elect, who has tweeted their dislike for the series before.
Advertisement
One character fawns that Obama was “the coolest president we ever had,” to which Andre responds, “He could have punched a baby” and not lost a vote.
While fans took to social media to shout their support for the series, some weren't so pleased with the vilifying. “The show ‘Blackish' is so racist … changing the channel!! Sore losers,” tweeted @meliskrause.
The episode may have been a form of revenge against the president-elect, who has tweeted their dislike for the series before.
Related: U2 Delaying Album Due to Trump
Surprisingly, the episode ended on a semi-positive note that many divisive liberals would be wise to listen to. In a finishing monologue, Andre said to a group of fighting coworkers, “Over 50 million people [Trump voters] felt something … and I don't think it's possible that … all of them were nuts, or racist, or hated women,” they said. “It's time that we stop calling each other names.”
While the show spent half an hour hurling insults at half of America and insulting the incoming president — it ended on a tone that probably should have run through the whole episode.
Nobody liked Rick Perry's idea about invading Mexico.
Their opponent for the Republican presidential nomination, Mitt Romney, said it was a “bad idea.” "Mexico has its own military," Romney said in this video. "And it thinks it's a bad idea to send American troops into Mexico. I think Mexico would consider it a bad idea. I consider it a bad idea."
Romney, of course, has to criticize Perry for everything that they say. But it makes this ad, which seemed to suggest that associating with Mexican leaders is somehow a political liability, seem off.
Mexico's ambassador to the U.S. didn't like the idea, either. Arturo Sarukhan told reporters that it was "not on the table."
Meanwhile, Perry is slipping in the polls. He's now behind Romney in the latest tally. And they are tied with Herman Cain, the Tea Party business person with almost zero name recognition.
It's not clear if there's one factor leading to Perry's fall, but the establishment clearly seems to be backing away. There was the awkward business about the offensive rock on their hunting ranch, and now the Washington Post is looking at their apparent affinity for the Confederacy.
For the Republican establishment, Perry's poor debate performance recently, during which they fumbled a rehearsed zinger directed at Romney, can't have helped.
Neither, of course, does their position on immigration, which brings us back around to the proposed Mexican invasion.
A spokesperson tried to clarify Perry's earlier remarks.
Indian has been the hub of literature and art, so comic books has been a part of our growing age for a long period of time, from novelist to poets to painters, singers even drama India has excelled and produces great personalities who are adored and looked up to by many a generation.
One dark horse to in the world of literature in India is Comic Books .
Comic books have been present in India since a little before the year of our freedom; 1947 saw the first publication of CHANDAMAMA.
In a bid to help Indian kids learn more about the country's rich culture in more creative ways, Chandamama began to create and publish stories adapted from the Indian mythologies such as Ramayana and Mahabharata.
The magazine first began to publish in Telugu and Tamil. Two years later, the Kannada edition was released, followed by Hindi a month later and Marathi and Malayalam in 1952.
By 2004, Chandamama was publishing in 9 more local languages.
In publication to this day, the magazine and its illustrations are known for its unique storytelling, reminiscent of grandparents' bedtime stories conveyed in the print format. It's important to note that Chandamama is not a comic book, in the quintessential sense.
Thankfully the illustrations per page, it can pretty much be considered as the herald of graphical storytelling in India.
The Indian Comic scene has been perhaps one of the most underrated creative industries in India; Both the classical age and the modern age.
Which is why today we have decided to, as the topic says gone full nerd on the most popular Indian comics.
If you have been living in India from the past decade and haven't heard of Chacha Chaudhary then you gave been living under a rock.
The witty intelligent old man is a smart and quick thinker. They rarely use their stick but when they do they beat u to pulp.
Accompanied by their loyal dog Rocket Sabu who is from the planet Jupiter; they are tall as a coconut tree and does all the beating and catching of villains.
Together they solve crime and mysteries, and make one hell of a couple. Chacha Chaudhary first issued in the year 1971 by its creator the famous cartoonist Pran.
Chacha has been a household success since then, every child and adult enjoys reading the tales of Chacha Chaudhary and Sabu.
A production of the lesser known Tulsi Comics, Angara tells the story of a man, scientifically modified from animal parts but without losing the colour and shape of humans.
Their skin is made from a Rhino's body, which makes them bulletproof; their brain is that of a fox, which makes them extremely intelligent; their eyes are of a vulture's , heart of a lion and the body of a gorilla .
They were born to save animals and known as a savior of wildlife. They have special commando training taken from experts and they know the language of every animal. Dr Kunal helped them achieve all these qualities which makes them a superhero in Angara Land.
Pinki is an unintentionally naughty five-year-old girl of the Diamond Comics house.
The character of Pinki was inspired from the American comic character Dennis the Menace, who is mischievous and creates a lot of trouble for their neighbour Mister Wilson and as their mirrored self being Jhaptji, Pinki's neighbor, is much disturbed and distressed with them always mobilised naughty behaviour.
Pinki has also made their visits in several issues of Chacha Chaudhary and Billoo comic series.
The longest running Indian action comic superhero, Nagraj is the foremost hero from the house of Raj Comics.
First coming to life in the 1980s by Sanjay Gupta, Nagraj has evolved a lot in their 25 years of existance, both in terms of looks and in stories.
Originally created as the greatest criminal the world has ever seen, Nagraj's life took a turn to the effect that they started amending their mistakes and fight for justice and to end crime and terror from the world.
In their regular humanly life they are a PR officer for a news channel that is secretly owned by him; its like Bruce Wayne and Clark Kent being the same person.
The debut issue of Nagraj was written by Parshuram Sharma and illustrated by Sanjay Ashtputre, later their work were carried on by other artists after 1995.
Nagraj was originally planned and designed to be an enemy with terrorist intentions. In the debut issue, Professor Nagmani had devised a way to make Nagraj to do their dirty work as their thug would do; then how they turned to a hero and became a household favourite is a story that will best suit if you read it yourself.
Other known regional comic books include Narayan. Debnaths famous creation ”Nonte & Fonte”; first issued in the year 1969 which depicts the hostel life in a boarding school where u have a senior who always gets into trouble but shows they are the boss and a strict principal who always likes to eat.
A fun time at a serious place to lessen the pressure off kids those days; “Handa & Bhoda” which published in 1962 which depicts the story of two best friends.
Where Hada always does something mischievous but ends up getting Bhoda into trouble, such funny kind of trouble that you would fall off the chair reading them; and “Batul The Great”.
The super human who is the shining example of staying healthy and has god like strength, who can run through walls and can pick up mountains, and their story with two notorious kids Bachhu and Bichchu whom they take care of, and when they get into trouble doing something naughty.
They are saved by Batul and are even punished for doing that thing in the first place.
Marvel Comics have even landed their sail in the rich comic background of India. Recreating their iconic superhero in an Indian scenario, they were none other than Spider-Man.
Unfortunately it was published for only four issues. The Indian version was conceptualised by the legendary Indian director Satyajit Ray.
Ray had once met Stan Lee in New York to discuss creating an Indian version of the superhero. Sadly, this was not done during their lifetime.
Unlocking David Lynch
The enigmatic director offers keys to their body of work in a new documentary
Giaco Furino Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 15, 2016
Promotional material for ‘David Lynch: The Art Life' Image courtesy of Cinetic Media.
David Lynch is notoriously tight-lipped when it comes to divulging the inspiration and meaning behind their enigmatic films. So it makes sense that the audience at the North American premiere of David Lynch: The Art Life audibly gasped when the director relayed an anecdote that spoke directly to one of their most iconic visual moments in film.
After driving into the city and getting stoned for the first time as a teenager, Lynch and co. were headed back home when they realized he'd completely stopped their truck in the freeway. Traffic must have been peeling around him, but they were transfixed. Why did they stop? Because, in their altered state, they were obsessed with the traffic lines on the road, and watched as they moved slower, and slower, until they stopped. Sound familiar?
Following the lines from ‘Lost Highway'
David Lynch: The Art Life, which just premiered at the documentary film festival DOC NYC, follows Lynch around their artist studio as they work on paintings and sculptures and recounts their early days. Instead of sitting down with the enigmatic director of Mulholland Drive, Blue Velvet, and Eraserhead and getting them to divulge all their secrets, the directors let them narrate the first twenty-odd years of their life, and overlaid that with scenes of Lynch stretching putty, working black chalk onto wax paper, and generally getting their hands dirty.
As they paint in their studio, cigarette smoke swirling around a coif of white hair, Lynch delves into their childhood, adolescence, and college years leading up to the creation and release of Eraserhead in 1977. Though he'd never go the De Palma route, painstakingly explaining film by film their thoughts and process, Lynch describes a young life full of keys critical to unlocking and better understanding their films.
The Geographical Key: The Duality of Suburbia
Blue Velvet. Image courtesy MGM.
Lynch was born in Montana, and moved around quite a bit as a child. They had a particular fondness for Boise, Idaho, where they described their life as very insular and safe. “My whole world,” Lynch explains in the film, “was two, three blocks.” But just as suburban life could be peaceful, it could also be terrifying, as Lynch recounts an encounter with a dazed and confused naked woman wandering toward they and their brother late one night. And they described their subsequent move from Boise to Virginia as a dark and broiling time, saying “Virginia seemed like… always night.” While some of their work, like Mulholland Drive and Inland Empire, takes place in and deals with Hollywood, a large body of Lynch's filmography concerns itself with suburban life. And key to that exploration is this duality of suburbia, which was at once safe and dangerous, and it reverberates into their works like Twin Peaks and Blue Velvet.
The Inspiration Key: Creating ‘The Art Life'
Young David Lynch. Image courtesy of Cinetic Media.
The title of the documentary, The Art Life, comes from a phrase that Lynch concocted to help explain a certain ethos of creativity. Though not as direct a link to their films as some of the other inspirations on this list, the founding of The Art Life spoke to a tireless devotion to creative practice that Lynch would carry through their paintings, their films, and beyond. And all of this was born from early interactions with the artist Bushnell Keeler.
The painter's work couldn't be further from Lynch's (much of their art features sailboats listing at sea), but as the father of one of Lynch's childhood friends, Keeler was the first working artist the director ever met. Sharing studio space, mentoring, and pushing from Bushnell helped Lynch develop The Art Spirit, or Art Life, which they described as “You drink coffee, you smoke cigarettes, and you paint. And that's it.”
The Death Key: Morgue Visits
From ‘Twin Peaks.' Image courtesy of ABC/Spelling Ent./CBS Paramount Domestic Television
While living in Philadelphia (more on that in a moment) Lynch lived near a local morgue. After befriending a night guard at Pop's Diner, Lynch was allowed in to see the bodies. “It just makes you think how they got there,” Lynch reminisces in the documentary. “It makes you think of stories.” The morgue, and more generally the mystery of a dead body, holds a special place in Lynch's work, especially in Twin Peaks. And the idea that a place most would find repulsive could be a wellspring of creativity feels very in-line with our perception of the director, doesn't it?
The Industrial Key: Philadelphia Rot
Eraserhead. Image courtesy The Criterion Collection.
Lynch describes Philadelphia as “the last place in the world I ever wanted to go.” But in the late 1960s Lynch moved there to attend the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, and found that Philly “was kind of a poor-man's New York City. So it was a weird town… a mean town.” Lynch has often equated the squalor and industrial menace of Eraserhead with their time spent in the city of brotherly love, and in The Art Life, they paint the town as a sort of smoke-stack madhouse.
Node.js v4.0.0 — Node at its best
NodeSource Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 9, 2015
by Jeremiah Senkpiel (reposted from NodeSource.com)
Node.js v4.0.0 has just been released. This is a huge milestone for Node under the new Node.js Foundation. All thanks to the development process inherited from the io.js fork.
As it stands, the v4.0.0 release represents Node at its best. Patches are more thoroughly reviewed, the state of the test suite is better, and there are more active contributors than ever.
Let's take a deeper dive into the v4.0.0 release and the future of Node releases.
This is the most stable Node ever
Node core now has 44 Collaborators (15 of which are technical steering committee (TSC) members), all who are able to review and sign-off on patches. With so many people able to review, patches are often signed-off on by two or three collaborators. Also, having more than one sign-off is actively encouraged for non-trivial patches. The result is a substantial increase in the quality of code and documentation that ends up being merged in.
Now, all patches submitted must be signed-off on by at least one collaborator and run against the continuous integration testing suite before being merged. This even includes patches submitted by TSC members. Consequently, the nodejs/node repository that releases — including v4.0.0 — will now come from has had over 400 more total pull requests than issues filed in its short lifespan. All while still maintaining a lower amount of open pull requests and issues than the original repository.
Since a focus on stability has come to the core of the Node project, a new initiative has been spun up to test a range of common npm modules prior to any Node releases. This testing, known as (npm) smoke-testing, is critical for ensuring API stability going forward. Smoke-testing also lets modules' test suites extend our own tests, which reinforces our confidence in the stability of the release.
The introduction of SemVer
A Major.Minor.Patch Game
In the past, Node core was versioned much differently than most npm modules the community uses. npm brought the concept of SemVer to the forefront, where releases can be versioned so that developers can more easily tell if changes will be compatible with their current code. Node will take over the SemVer-versioned numbering sequence established by io.js moving forward. As io.js v3.x was the most recent major release, the first converged release will be Node v4.0.0.
Going forward, Node.js will rigorously adhere to SemVer. As such, changes that would break user code will only be released in bi-yearly Major (X.0.0) releases. This allows more frequent releases of API-stable features in Minor (0.X.0) releases, and regular fixes or improvements in Patch (0.0.X) releases.
Frequent releases with SemVver
With better testing to ensure stability, and more collaborators actively improving the code base, Node v4.0.0 will be able to use SemVver and maintain the much more frequent weekly patch-or-minor release schedule established by io.js. Under this schedule, API-stable fixes, features, and improvements are able to become usable in the hands of developers week-by-week without requiring any changes to user code.
Having more frequent releases also has a positive effect on the state of security practices in Node.js. This means that releases can go out as quickly as the same day a vulnerability is reported, or the same day that dependencies like OpenSSL receive security updates. Node v4.0.0 optimizes for security by default, and does its best to reflect current security best practices in those defaults. As such, insecure ciphers such as RC4 are rejected by default, and the insecure SSLv2/3 support in OpenSSL has been disabled.
The ability to keep more up-to-date with dependencies also has a great effect on the state of Node in regard to its JavaScript engine, V8. V8 is a dependency that moves quite fast, as it tracks Google Chrome. Being able to more closely track V8's releases means Node.js runs JavaScript faster, more securely, and with the ability to use many desireable ES6 language features. Correspondingly, connections between the Node team and V8 and Chrome teams have also grown to better support Node going forward and put Node in a position of relevance for driving the future of JavaScript.
Going forward
The v4 release line of Node promises to be the best yet. Frequent minor and patch releases will only serve to improve v4.0.0. While seeming like a large version gap, v4.0.0 is actually quite similar to Node v0.12. However, it comes with all the fixes and minor improvements from io.js, as well as the revised development process.
All of this has been done for the benefit of the larger Node community, whether your use- cases for Node are for enterprise deployments, front-end toolchains, hardware hackery, client-side apps, or something out of the box whatever you can imagine. Node going forward will only improve, both in the v4 release line and beyond. With so many new people joining to collaborate on and around Node core, it is becoming a world-class platform that is built both for the community and by the community. Join us!
The main finding is that neurostimulation influencing cortical excitability in the VPC elicits changes in utilitarian judgments. When we applied tDCS to the VPC but not when we applied it to the OC, we also identified distinct gender-related differences in utilitarian responses to moral as well as non-moral dilemmas. These differences might help to explain the known gender-related differences in human utilitarian reasoning. We also found a significant reduction in RTs for utilitarian responses after cathodal VPC-tDCS, regardless of type of dilemmas and of sex. These findings acquire strength because they come from a study investigating utilitarian judgments by tDCS in a large study sample, 78 subjects, balanced for sex and age and controlled for religious beliefs and type of education.
Our tDCS study using the moral judgment task to assess various material and non-material factors influencing human behavior and decisions therefore advances current knowledge on decision-making processes and utilitarian judgment.
The gender-related differences in utilitarian responses we found before applying tDCS agree well with current knowledge. Gender-related differences in cognitive and behavioral processes are associated with functional and structural gender differences in the brain [44] , [45] , [46] , especially in the frontal lobe [47] , [48] , [49] , an area also involved in moral behavior [2] , [3] , [5] , [6] , [7] , [9] , [10] . In their study assessing altruistic cooperativeness, Yamasue et al. (2008) found that the greater cooperativeness in females correlated with larger gray matter volumes in the social brain regions such as the bilateral inferior frontal cortex. A remarkable gender-related difference has been found also in the frontal lobe neurotransmitters related to behavior [50] , [51] . Finally, hormones greatly influence behavior and their receptor distribution differs between sexes in the brain structures involved with cognition [42] . The gender-related difference we found in the performance of the moral judgment task therefore fits in well with anatomical, functional, neurochemical and neuroendocrinological evidence of gender-related differences in brain areas involved in moral behavior.
The analyses of baseline RTs confirmed Greene et al. (2001) study, showing that utilitarian responses are slower than non-utilitarian responses specifically in PM dilemmas, but not in NM and IM dilemmas. Whereas these baseline RTs differences are independent of gender, we found significant gender-related differences in utilitarian responses studied before tDCS. These results are in line with the observation that males differ from females in cognition, decisional processes [41] , [42] , [43] , moral judgments [28] , [30] and in brain activation patterns during moral tasks [29] . These differences are independent of cultural factors, such as education levels and religious beliefs.
Effect of VPC-tDCS on Utilitarian Judgments
Whereas tDCS left response patterns to the moral judgment task in males unchanged, in females anodal VPC-tDCS increased the utilitarian responses for all types of dilemmas tested. Also, cathodal VPC-tDCS reduced RTs for utilitarian responses in both males and females. We therefore conclude that anodal and cathodal tDCS both interfere with rational decisions, or rational evaluation of the advantages and disadvantages of each option in both sexes, but do so more strongly in females. Our experiments indicate that tDCS-induced changes in utilitarian reasoning are site-specific and that both anodal and cathodal VPC-tDCS differentially modified subjects' performance in the moral judgment task, suggesting that the effects are specific and depend on factors other than skin perception. Equally important, the tDCS-induced changes we observed are not related to mood changes or cultural factors.
In our experiments the charge flows ventrally from the prefrontal surface to the right arm, thereby most probably stimulating the most ventral portion of prefrontal cortex. Because skull resistivity is higher than scalp resistivity, most of the current delivered by tDCS gets shunted through the scalp. The current density in the scalp also tends to decrease with the distance between electrodes. As Nathan et al. (1993) confirmed, the current density generated in the cortex by the stimulation decreases rapidly with depth – i.e. it decreases by one order of magnitude in 8 mm [52]. Also, intra-operative results show that eliciting a motor evoked potential by directly stimulating the human brainstem requires a current density of about 2–9 mA/cm2 [53]. For these reasons, it is unlikely that charge flows in the brainstem and structures other than the cerebral cortex below the stimulating electrode. tDCS might, however, also influence neighboring cortical areas. Even if the main effect on cortical excitability is localized beneath the stimulating electrode [54], we cannot totally exclude the possibility that tDCS also modulates other areas of the prefrontal cortex (directly, but also indirectly). Hence, notwithstanding possible tDCS-induced changes in other brain areas, we believe that tDCS induces its most important effect by modulating the VPC below the stimulating electrode.
Explaining why tDCS affects utilitarian responses in a gender-specific manner and RTs in both sexes is challenging. The female susceptibility to the effects of anodal VPC-tDCS we found in utilitarian responses could arise in several ways. For example, the gender-related effects of tDCS on utilitarian judgments might agree with the known gender specificity in the effects of cathodal and anodal tDCS on brain excitability [55], [56], [57]. Yet if they do, we find it hard to explain why none of the previous studies on the influences of brain stimulation on decisional processes reported gender-related effects [17], [18], [19].
A further more conjectural possibility is that the female tendency towards altruism is also more easily modulated by external factors. Hence whereas altruism in males is preprogrammed, in females it might be more sensitive to changes in brain plasticity. According to this hypothesis, tDCS influences utilitarian judgments in females but not in males, who responded to brain stimulation only with a reduction in RTs. This hypothesis fits in with the behavioral differences existing between genders during life: whereas in males altruistic behavior has no need to change during life, in females it has to change in relation to behavioral changes linked to reproduction and parental care [58]. This gender-related difference in altruism's sensibility to external factors is also supported by the known gender-related anatomical and functional differences in the brain structures controlling behavior and decision making. In females, a greater propensity to altruistic behavior correlates with a larger-sized inferior frontal cortex [46], so that reducing ventral prefrontal activity with tDCS could mean enhancing the cognitive and rational control of behavior.
Functional neuroimaging data with moral tasks also support a gender-related pattern of brain activation. For example, Harenski et al. (2008) found a greater activation of posterior cingulate cortex and anterior insula in females, and a greater activation of the inferior parietal cortex in males. Because the VPC is tightly linked to the cingulate cortex, tDCS over the VPC could indirectly modulate activity in the cingulate cortex. In conclusion, the differential sensitivity to tDCS in males and females could reflect gender-related anatomical, functional and neurochemical differences in the brain areas involved in utilitarian behavior. Moreover, even if gendered, which also includes educational aspects, is a crucial factor for tDCS efficacy, socio-economic status and personal education might be relevant too. The relative importance of biological and social factors remains an interesting question for future researches.
A central point to clarify is how anodal and cathodal tDCS differentially modify utilitarian choices. Anodal stimulation could do so by inducing excitatory effects on the underlying cerebral cortex [11], [13], [59]. This possibility notwithstanding, even if in studies investigating tDCS-induced changes in primary cortices anodal stimulation delivered close to neurons depolarizes the neuronal membrane and cathodal stimulation hyperpolarizes it, cognitive studies leave the relation between polarity and the effects on the neuronal membrane unclear [60]. In accordance with this point of view, in our study anodal tDCS had the same effect as a lesion in the ventral portion of the frontal cortex. In their study, Koenigs et al. (2007) described lesioned patients as characterized by deficits in decision-making tasks, namely they produced an abnormally utilitarian pattern of judgments on moral dilemmas endorsing highly emotionally aversive behaviors despite an undamaged social knowledge of normative conduct [39]. Our results nevertheless showed that cathodal tDCS decreased RTs for utilitarian responses but left the proportion of utilitarian responses unchanged. Indeed, it decreased, albeit not significantly, utilitarian responses in females. These data are congruent with the study by Knoch et al. (2008) who showed that cathodal tDCS on the prefrontal cortex reduces the propensity to punish unfair behavior in the Ultimatum Game [61]. In this task, punishing unfair behavior means rejecting an unfair offer in order to obtain a fairer proposal. This is a utilitarian behavior because the subject aims to achieve a personal gain, even at the expense of damaging others. Hence cathodal and anodal tDCS both induce a functional brain system imbalance through the same mechanism. However, whereas cathodal tDCS alters the time of utilitarian reasoning in both sexes, anodal stimulation interferes more incisively, modifying utilitarian reasoning and its possible consequent actions, also in a gender-specific way. Insofar as the ventral part of the frontal lobe is phylogenetically older than the dorsolateral part [62], it might be more related to defence of the individual and to survival than to social interaction and cooperativeness.
Among other possible explanations, besides influencing cortical excitability, tDCS could induce neurochemical changes in the brain that could involve several neurotransmitters [63]. Dopamine is important for behavior, motivation and decision-making [64]. Parkinson's disease, characterized by reduced dopamine production in the brain, is associated with impaired decisional processes [65]. Anodal VPC-tDCS might therefore alter the outcomes of utilitarian decision-making processes by enhancing prefrontal dopamine. Yet, because dopamine is an anionic catecholamine that during electrophoresis migrates toward the anode, anodal VPC-tDCS could increase dopamine levels in the frontal lobe, influencing the reward circuit and ultimately altering decisional processes, increasing the rate of utilitarian responses. Interestingly, the gender-specific effects of VPC-tDCS in our experiments agree with the female-specific features of the dopaminergic system in the frontal cortex [50], [51]. Although this is a theoretical hypothesis, emerging data in humans support the interaction between tDCS and the dopaminergic system [66], [67].
The gender-related differences in utilitarian responses we found in this study using the moral judgment task in healthy subjects are a good starting-point for explaining criminal behavior. Mental illness – the inability to distinguish good from bad – reflects immoral reasoning. Our study provides evidence showing that males are by nature more utilitarian than females, and that non-invasive brain stimulation more easily and incisively alters feminine than male utilitarian thinking, thus confirming the prevalence of criminal behavior in males. Future studies designed to investigate the possibility of modulating morality and utilitarianism could better account for criminal behavior and male propensity to violate the law.
Illustration by Emily Carroll
What is Jeff VanderMeer's Southern Reach Trilogy? VanderMeer is a three-time winner of the World Fantasy Award, but these books aren't exactly fantasy. They paint a bitter picture of a future harsh to humanity, but offer little in the way of Hunger Games-esque dystopian thrills and nothing at all in the way of a Katniss Everdeen-esque hero. The books have a mystery at their center, but it's an apocalyptic mystery starring detectives who either don't have the wherewithal to solve it, aren't any good at solving it, or don't care about solving it. Or all three. Because the concept of a “sleuth,” the one who pieces together the available data into a complete picture, is one form of human identity. And in the Southern Reach Trilogy's naturalist Armageddon, your identity is the bad guy.
This year, FSG has published all three volumes of the trilogy in handsome, trippy little paperback editions, the better for binge-reading. With the conclusion, Acceptance, out this month, it's worth looking at all three extraordinary books to see what makes VanderMeer's trilogy such a frustrating triumph. And I mean that as a straight-up descriptor, not as a contradiction—Southern Reach is a triumph in many ways because it is frustrating.
There's really no way to give the Southern Reach pitch without sounding high, so I won't try. Basically, OK, there's this area of the United States—possibly Florida, but it's unclear—called “the forgotten coast,” and about 30 years ago it was mysteriously taken over by an environment called “Area X,” described by many who visit it as “a pristine wilderness.” Area X retains a few vestiges of the human society that existed there before this transformative event—some bits and bobs of houses, and more importantly, a pretty pivotal lighthouse—but mostly it's a teeming, pollution-free natural habitat. “In the forest near base camp one might encounter black bears or coyotes,” VanderMeer writes. “You might hear a sudden croak and watch a night heron startle from a tree branch and, distracted, step on a poisonous snake, of which there were at least six varieties.” The unknown force that created Area X also surrounded it with a border that seems to disintegrate any object or creature that touches it.
The border does have one opening that allows humans to enter and (less frequently) leave. It is at this portal that a mysterious government institution called “Central” has established Southern Reach, the base from which a variety of scientists and other operatives attempt to study Area X. These attempts are feeble at best and disastrous at worst: Of the numerous expeditions dispatched into Area X, most have ended in the violent deaths or disappearances of all involved. Most of those who make it back return sporting a blank affect, their crucial journals left behind. Those returnees describe their Area X experiences with bland generalities before quickly dying of cancer.
At the outset of Annihilation, the first book of the trilogy, a woman who lost their husband in the aftermath of the previous expedition (officially called the “eleventh” one, but the numbering quickly turns out to be fudged by the higher-ups) successfully gets past intense screening from Central to join the “twelfth” one. What's this woman's name? We don't know—the Southern Reach wants the members of the all-female expedition to know each other only by their functions: the psychologist, the surveyor, the anthropologist, and our hero the biologist. The idea is that the less they know about each other, they less likely they are to turn on each other under the influence of Area X. So it is through this deliberately alienating veil of anonymity that we follow their increasingly transformative odyssey to Area X's foremost mystery: a cylindrical structure, mostly buried underground, with a spiral staircase leading down to a whole host of terrifying encounters.
But VanderMeer's got an agenda with the lack of names as well, as quickly becomes clear at the outset of Book 2, Authority. Authority follows the frustrated attempts (and by the way, a great Snicket-y alternate title for this trilogy would be A Series of Frustrated Attempts) of a new interim director to get the Southern Reach in order, following the disappearance of its previous director on the twelfth expedition. So what was the previous director's name? For a long time we don't get one. They were “the psychologist” who accompanied “the biologist” on the previous expedition, and eventually we learn that their name is Cynthia … except it's also not.
OK then, what about the interim director, what about our new hero, what's their name? Well, we get it eventually, but mostly he's referred to as “Control.” Now on one level this is a too on-the-nose irony for a character who quickly proves to have no control over anything, but it's much more interesting as an homage—and a response—to an identically named character in John le Carré's Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy.
In le Carré's novel, Control is the former head of British Intelligence who first uncovers corruption in their organization. Their successor, George Smiley, has to draw on materials left behind by Control to root it out. Authority's Control takes on Smiley's role as successor-sleuth, but unlike Smiley, he's dealing with a mystery that may have no solution. Going through their predecessor's notes, they despair: “How Control hated their own imagination, wished it would just shrivel up and turn brown and fall out of him. They were more willing to believe that something was staring out at them from the notes, something hidden looking at him, than to accept that the director had been pursuing dead ends. And yet they couldn't see it. They could only see them searching, and wonder why they were searching so hard.” Human affairs, even labyrinthine espionage-based ones, may be ultimately comprehensible, VanderMeer suggests. But what's happening in Area X is far beyond human—utterly outside the reference points humans use to perceive the world.
The closing chapter in the trilogy, Acceptance, brings Control and the biologist together for a final expedition into the rapidly expanding Area X. Except the biologist isn't exactly the biologist anymore. Now she's called Ghost Bird, and despite looking like the biologist and possessing the biologist's memories, they insist that she's not the biologist, and indeed that the biologist may be waiting for them as they trudge through Area X.
Jeff VanderMeer. Illustration by Eric Nyquist
Character names are, of course, a simple comfort an author extends a reader. By withholding and shifting those names, VanderMeer strips that away from us. As the pristine wilderness of Area X transforms humans into bizarre, nearly unperceivable creatures, as it threatens to leap beyond its bounds and swallow the outside world, a second, simultaneous apocalypse is also happening: the end of human identity. As much as Area X seems to be a forcible corrective to human-driven ecological destruction, it also challenges what VanderMeer presents as the root of human unhappiness: the stories we tell ourselves about who we are.
If Hugh Howey's apocalyptic Wool series imagines the human race forced to live in silos, VanderMeer's Southern Reach suggests that's unnecessary. We're already silos unto ourselves. Every major character in the trilogy is desperately lonely, unable to maintain relationships, bereft of anything resembling a confidant, dependent on alcohol or casual sex to maintain any equilibrium. They're all paranoid: Again and again, every statement a secondary character makes to the biologist or Control or Cynthia-whose-name-isn't-Cynthia is deconstructed for a secret agenda. VanderMeer never treats spoken language as direct communication, but rather as obfuscation, holding action, or manipulation. Our identities, VanderMeer suggests, are rotting lighthouses we live inside and peer out of, suspiciously. They create the false sense that we can control the world around us—that we can even see it clearly.
Which ultimately makes the biologist/Ghost Bird the only hero equal to this story, VanderMeer's one example of a way forward for humanity in the natural avalanche of Area X. She's not ambitious; they don't stake out territory in the way the other characters do. She's happiest in nature, simply recording it, observing it, to no specific long-term purpose. While sojourning on an island in Area X, they write in their journal, “I have felt more acutely than ever that here on this island I should never be taken out of the moment. To be taken out of the moment is dangerous—that is when things sneak their way in and then there is no present moment to return to.” And she's fine with leaving mysteries unsolved. Observing the defiant Control, who still hopes to effectively oppose Area X, Ghost Bird observes, “He could not jettison some essential sentimentality that was of no use here, some mechanism that belonged to the world outside.” Whatever that sentimentality is—is it humanity?—Ghost Bird's fresh out.
I've treaded carefully here, tiptoeing around spoilers, because I want you to read the Southern Reach Trilogy. But if that's the case, why did I call it frustrating? That's not generally considered a good marketing word. And certainly any story involving a mysterious wilderness with a mysterious monster in it enters our culture under the long shadow of the TV series Lost, which earned tremendous enmity from fans who felt it failed to explain a number of its mysteries.
So if you binge-read Southern Reach the way you may have binge-watched Lost on Netflix, will you be enraged at the end? Well, without giving away which mysteries are solved and which aren't—and I should stress, there are some fantastic payoffs along the way, a few of which made me gasp—I'm going to predict that you won't be. For one thing, the books, for all their Baudrillardian knottiness, are big fun to read. (I had to repeatedly steal them back from my wife just so I could write this review.) But more pertinently, this frustration that manifests over and over throughout the trilogy—as the characters repeatedly fail not only to solve the mystery of Area X, but indeed to even meaningfully perceive it—doesn't feel like a cheat, but rather a natural outgrowth of how these books see humanity. We're isolated. We're easily manipulated. We don't cooperate. We're poorly suited to our natural habitat, and insignificant in the face of its untamed grandeur. We care more about our image of ourselves, our identity, than about our interaction with the world around us. The colossal physical and spiritual transformation Area X represents is beyond human reference. We can either participate or get rolled over.
And that's the buy-in you either make or don't make when you're reading the Southern Reach Trilogy, the most uncompromising—yet most rewarding—genre series I've read in quite some time. Are you the biologist, prepared to accept frustration as a byproduct of any worthwhile expedition into the unknown? Or are you Control, bristling against uncertainty to the end?
—
The Southern Reach Trilogy, by Jeff VanderMeer: Annihilation, Authority, and Acceptance. Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
See all the pieces in this month's Slate Book Review.
Sign up for the Slate Book Review monthly newsletter.
Chuck Norris rides a reindeer in an ad for WBK bank (YouTube)
Chuck Norris, the action star and conservative commentator, praised Carly Fiorina for describing a scene from a deceptive anti-abortion video that they admit was not entirely accurate.
Norris cites their experience as “a six-time world karate champion” to praise the former Hewlett-Packard CEO for engaging in what they saw as the “best fight” during last week's Republican presidential debate.
Fiorina described a scene from a video produced by an anti-abortion activist group that appears to show “a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking” as someone says it must be kept alive to harvest its brain.
“Fiorina was passionately advocating for those who can't speak for themselves – the unborn,” Norris wrote in a column for World Net Daily. “She was not brushing aside this fetal atrocity brought about through aborting agencies and taxpayers' monies.”
Norris notes that “liberal news and commentary sites” quickly pointed out Fiorina's claims were “pure fiction,” if not “lies,” but concedes that Politifact rated the candidate's comments as “mostly false.”
However, they latch onto anecdotal evidence cited by the fact-checking organization and deceptively illustrated in the video.
Holly O'Donnell, who Norris describes as “a bonafide former blood and tissue procurement technician,” describes in the video an experience they allegedly had while working for Planned Parenthood.
“According to the woman, their supervisor said they would procure the fetus' brain,” Politifact reported. “The video's creators added footage of an aborted fetus on what appears to be an examination table, and its legs are moving.”
Norris, who did not link to the Politifact report, neglected to mention the fact-checking organization had found no evidence to support O'Donnell's anecdotal claims and could not verify that the fetus seen in “grisly stock footage” had been aborted, rather than miscarried or born prematurely.
Conservatives have defended the deceptive video, which Fiorina has repeatedly challenged their opponents to watch, as essentially fake but accurate — as Dan Rather describes the forged documents about George W. Bush's National Guard service.
“Even if Fiorina's presidential debate statement was ‘exaggerated,' as the New York Times labeled it, millions of abortions have been and are performed and the organs ‘donated' for a price, and the chief peddler is none other than Planned Parenthood,” Norris wrote.
The former “Walker, Texas Ranger” actor accuses Planned Parenthood of hiding alleged illegal fetal tissue sales — although multiple investigations launched since the videos were released have found no evidence of wrongdoing.
Norris, like many Republican lawmakers, argues that the deceptive videos show why Planned Parenthood should lose federal funding — which conservatives have been arguing for decades.
“Debate over defunding Planned Parenthood started on Friday in the U.S. Congress,” Norris wrote, after invoking the Founding Fathers. “Write your representatives today, and let them know where you stand.”
Watch video of Fiorina's remarks posted online by World Net Daily:
The pitch of the FC Sevastopol home stadium in Sebastapol on March 26, 2014 © AFP/File Vasiliy Batanov Geneva (AFP) - European football's governing body UEFA on Friday said that it would not recognise the results of any matches played by clubs from Crimea in competitions organised by the Russian Football Union (RFU).
UEFA said that the decision to punish Crimean clubs playing in the Russian league had been made by its emergency panel "in light of the complex and difficult factual and political considerations, and until an agreed solution can be found".
The strategic peninsula of Crimea, long home to Russian military bases, was annexed from Ukraine by Russia in March.
Moscow's move came despite international criticism of an independence vote by separatists in the mainly Russian-speaking province, following February's ousting of Ukraine's pro-Russian president Viktor Yanukovych.
Russia has moved swiftly to impose its own laws in Crimea, and thousands of Muslim Tatars and pro-Ukrainian residents have fled.
Last month the RFU gave three Crimean clubs -- TSK Simferopol, SKCF Sevastopol and Zhemchuzhina Yalta -- the all-clear to join the southern zone of the Russian league third division.
The trio were recently refounded from scratch and registered in the southern Russian cities of Krasnodar and Rostov-on-Don, in what may have been an attempt to duck potential UEFA sanctions.
Since then, they have seen action in the Russian Cup, with Sevastopol beating Simferopol in the first round on August 12, while Yalta lost 2-0 to Sochi.
Sevastopol continued their cup run by knocking out Sochi -- a club from Russia proper -- on penalties in the second round last Saturday. They are due to meet southern Russian club Taganrog in the third round this weekend.
UEFA said that its decision applied "until further notice".
It was not immediately clear what impact its decision would have on Russia's berths in this season's European club competitions, for example if the eventual winner of the Russian Cup faces a Crimean club on the road to the final.
UEFA said that it would work with its global counterpart FIFA to try to broker fresh discussions between the RFU and the Football Federation of Ukraine. Earlier efforts failed.
The goal, it said, is to "find a common solution to this situation".
"UEFA has no wish to prevent clubs from playing football. On the contrary, UEFA recognises that football can have very positive and beneficial effects in bringing people together, especially during times of strife and unrest," it underlined.
"Nevertheless, in order for football to take place within an organised sporting and legal framework, such participation has to comply with the terms set out in the UEFA Statutes, which have been agreed by all 54 UEFA member associations," it added.
- 'What do we care?' -
In response, Russia's sports minister Vitaly Mutko said there was "nothing dramatic" in UEFA's statement.
The R-Sport news agency quoted Mutko as saying: "UEFA is just acting within the scope of its own regulations. I think the RFU has made the right decision and there's no way back.
"According to our laws Crimea is Russia's territory and the RFU is acting for the benefit of football."
Former RFU chief and current honorary president Vyacheslav Koloskov added: "I think we shoud be pleased as there are no sanctions or threat of sanctions for the RFU. They (UEFA) will not recognise the results (of the Crimean clubs)...what do we care?"
Last week, Ukrainian federation boss Anatoly Konkov called on UEFA and FIFA to punish the RFU for admitting clubs from Crimea.
"The Russian Football Union executive board illegally and arbitrarily incorporated the Ukrainian clubs from the Crimean peninsula," they said in a letter released on their official website.
Konkov charged that the RFU had ignored the rules of the game by failing to notify FIFA or UEFA officially.
"Crimea is a part of Ukraine, so all football agents in Crimea are under the jurisdiction of the Football Federation of Ukraine," they added.
Share. Eisenberg on why Lex does what they do at end of film. Eisenberg on why Lex does what they do at end of film.
Lex Luthor does some pretty crazy things as Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice progresses, so when we sat down with the man who plays them - Jesse Eisenberg - we asked why the supervillain behaves the way they do at the end of the film.
So if you haven't seen BvS, BEWARE OF SPOILERS AHEAD...
We caught up with Eisenberg at the film's London junket, and asked them just what Lex was thinking when they created Doomsday.
“I think Lex becomes increasingly unhinged throughout the movie” they explained. “I also think he's a guy who has 40 back-up plans and so when one thing doesn't work out they have another and if that doesn't work out they have another, which is why I think they never feels that threatened by Superman and Batman because they know they always have the leverage and their final act, in my opinion; and this is now thinking back a year-and-a-half – was this kind of like last-ditch effort to leave it all on the table.”
So do you think there was method in Luthor's madness when they created Doomsday? Let us know in the comments below.
Exit Theatre Mode
Chris Tilly is the Entertainment Editor for IGN in the UK and still doesn't think this was much of a plan. They can be found talking nonsense on The Superhero Show and Twitter.
Fox 26 Houston, owned and operated by 21st Century Fox, hosted a panel that included a guest idenitified as a "progressive commentator" who went on to attack the LGBTQ community and Texas House Speaker Joe Straus for their concern about transgender suicide rates.
Straus told The New Yorker's Lawrence Wright that they were "disgusted" by Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick's push to convene a special session, to begin July 18, that would likely include proposals for state-wide bathroom bans that would restrict access for transgender people. Straus also added that they did not "want the suicide of a single Texan on [his] hands." Panelist Nyanza Moore, who was identified as a "progressive commentator," called Straus' statement "crazy" and "stupid." Moore also dismissed the extraordinarily high suicide rate among transgender people, saying, "I don't know if the LGBT community has gotten so pressed with them to where they have convinced them that someone will actually kill themselves if they are forced to use a gender-identified bathroom."
Numerous media outlets have reported on the harmful impact of these "bathroom bans," and research has shown that these bills would lead to thousands of increased youth suicide attempts. The Daily Beast's Samantha Allen reported that calls to a crisis hotline for transgender people called Trans Lifeline "nearly doubled" after North Carolina passed similar legislation in 2016. Fox 26 in Houston has been reliably problematic in its coverage of LGBTQ issues, having just recently hosted anti-LGBTQ hate group representative Jared Woodfill seven times in 10 days. In 2015, before the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance was repealed, Fox 26 aggressively peddled the debunked "bathroom predator" myth.
From the July 9 edition of Fox 26 Houston's What's Your Point?:
The December issue of Kadokawa's Monthly Dragon Age magazine announced on Wednesday that Sutarō Hanao's Trinity Seven: Levi Ninden spinoff manga will end in the magazine's next issue on December 9.
The manga centers on Levi Kazama, who is given a mission by the Bibilia Academy principal to retrieve the legendary sword Murasame.  They are partnered with Charme, a girl with large breasts who admires Levi. Together, they make an odd couple.
Hanao launched the manga in Monthly Dragon Age in November 2015. Kadokawa published the manga's second compiled book volume on August 9.
The manga is a spinoff of Kenji Saito and Akinari Nao's Trinity Seven manga. That manga launched in Monthly Dragon Age in 2011. Kadokawa published the manga's 15th compiled book volume in Japan on August 9. Yen Press is publishing the original manga in English, and it will ship the seventh volume on November 22. The manga received a 12-episode television anime adaptation, which premiered in Japan in October 2014. Crunchyroll streamed the anime as it aired.
The manga is also inspiring an anime film, which will open in Japan in February.
St. Louis, Missouri:
"At 2pm today, 6 directors of Eagle Forum met in an improper, unprecedented telephone meeting. I objected to the meeting and at 2:11pm, I was muted from the call. The meeting was invalid under the Bylaws but the attendees purported to pass several motions to wrest control of the organization from me. They are attempting to seize access to our bank accounts, to terminate employees, and to install members of their own Gang of 6 to control the bank accounts and all of Eagle Forum.
"The members of their group are: Eunie Smith of Alabama, Anne Cori of Missouri, Cathie Adams of Texas, Rosina Kovar of Colorado, Shirley Curry of Tennessee, and Carolyn McLarty of Oklahoma.
"This kind of conduct will not stand and I will fight for Eagle Forum and I ask all men and women of good will to join me in this fight."
###
Copyright © 2016 Eagle Forum, All rights reserved.
ADVERTISEMENT:
I was writing an article about the Pro Tour and cards to watch but that's kind boring. We got the Grand Prix schedule for next year (you can find it here) and it's great! There's one very big event next year much like last year. Grand Prix Las Vegas will likely be the largest Magic event of the year. Maybe of all time, topping the previous Grand Prix Las Vegas. But probably most notably, is this GP Vegas is not format “TBD”. It's not even limited. It's unlikely there will be any limited release product to headline that weekend. And that's great!
Wait were you expecting me to complain that they're not using that weekend to hold a sealed Modern Masters 2017 Grand Prix? It's actually the best possible scenario if there is a limited print run set (like Modern Masters and Eternal Masters) that it doesn't go to a huge limited Grand Prix. What has happened in the past and will continue to happen in the future is large portions of the print run can be bought up by vendors and keep prices high on cards that would otherwise stagnate and fall. Grand Prix Las Vegas 2015 saved Tarmogoyf from that fate.
Look at this price graph. Tarmogoyf is consistently going down and the buylist price is a miserable $70. All of a sudden the buylist price spikes and by June 1st it looks like Tarmogoyf bottomed out for a day. It's pretty easy to see what happened here. I have some pictures on my phone from that weekend.
ADVERTISEMENT:
This sign (which wasn't even the first one they put out) “saved” the price of Tarmogoyf. When there is a huge room with tons of vendors looking to compete to buy cards on a weekend you best believe they will match each other. This store's buy prices were so far and away the best that everyone had to increase their buylist prices to even get a sniff of someone selling them cards. Sure some stores like Coolstuff probably kept it low and just bought their more casual bread and butter cards but a lot of vendors don't operate that way.
ADVERTISEMENT:
This also puts a strain on the supply on other online sites because people see these buylist numbers and gain a new appreciation for the value of their cards. There is definitely a level of consumer confidence in the price of a Tarmogoyf that makes them reluctant to sell them for lower buylist prices. If Joe Schmoe was thinking of selling the Goyf they cracked in their one pack of Modern Masters 2015 online because they saw vendors are paying $125 for it then it causes the prices of other Tarmogoyfs to increase. It's the rising tide lifts all ships effect.
Later in the weekend they moved down to a slightly more sane $115 – which is still more than you can pay to buy a Tarmogoyf 15 months later! But the real question now, when you can find Tarmogoyf for $110 on aggregate sites like TCGPlayer, is this still too expensive? Had a large portion of the available Tarmogoyfs not been opened in Las Vegas what would the price look like? Maybe it would be like the new Force of Will. While there is not great data yet due to it's age, I can say for a fact that Force of Will is trending upward despite an infusion of supply. It's possible once again that a store has propped up the low supply artificially raising the floor or perhaps people underestimated how many are actually in circulation. I'm not sure which it is but I can guarantee it would be light years worse if GP Columbus (the same weekend as the release of Eternal Masters) was an limited print run limited Grand Prix.
Going Forward
I do believe there will be a Modern Masters 2017 and some other weird summer set to sandwich a standard booster set. I have a feeling it worked out too well for Wizards of the Coast this year not to do it again. What will be in it? I suppose that's anyone's guess but I'm expecting a return of Sir Tarmogoyfington III as well as a plethora of reprints from Innistrad block. Liliana of the Veil, Snapcaster Mage, Craterhoof Behemoth, etc are likely to all be mythic rares. We will likely get this announcement during one of the two yearly announcements (during the release of Kaladesh and the unnamed block following).
Pro Tour Eldritch Moon
I don't think the sky is falling and I do believe we will find a deck that consistently beats Bant Company. What that deck is, I do not know but someone will figure it out. I expect it to be the brain child of Matt Nass and Sam Black but we will see what happens. At this point most of the cards in Eldritch Moon have already seen huge decreases in price. I would recommend picking up anything you might want to play before the Pro Tour and then wait until the middle of September to get the rest. Right before Kaladesh spoilers will be the best time to get in.
ADVERTISEMENT:
A recent stream of overdoses due to ingestion of loperamide has led the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to issue a warning about its opiate-like effects. Although most overdoses are accidental, there are reports of people taking the drug to deal with opiate cravings.
The abuse of loperamide can cause serious heart problems, including arrhythmia and cardiac arrest. It was also stated by the FDA that the risk of suffering heart problems due to the abuse of loperamide can increase if it is taken with other types of medicine that react with it.
Red alert on Imodium A-D
People seem to be abusing Imodium A-D, whose main component is loperamide, because of the effect of euphoria that it can cause in high doses. It can make patients feel great but also likely to suffer deadly heart problems. It was published in the Annals of Emergency Medicine that loperamide should be placed under stricter regulations, just like dextromethorphan, the infamous cough-syrup drug which can also be lethal in high doses.
FDA is taking the following measures to fight the abuse of loperamide, as it must first warn the public about the dangers of the misuse of loperamide, especially on patients that aim to relieve opioid withdrawal syndrome. Opioid withdrawal effects often lead patients to seek unhealthy methods of relief.
It is frequently prescribed to treat the symptoms of diarrhea. Loperamide shares a similarity with opioids where both serve as bowel retardants, thus reducing the need to eat and to evacuate.
People under loperamide prescription should take no more than 16 mg a day, while people using it sporadically should consume less than 8 mg per day.
Opioid Prescribing Decreases When Doctors Are Monitored: Study https://t.co/nkVF8TTjZC — AboutLawsuits.com (@AboutLawsuits) June 7, 2016
Although loperamide has been on the market for almost 40 years, only 48 reports of severe heart problems have been communicated to the FDA concerning the use of the drug. 10 of the reported cases incurred in fatalities.
Loperamide is designed to cause similar physical effects to the ones native to opiates, but without the euphoric or painkilling sensation. But people still take unhealthy amounts of the drug to achieve such a high. Loperamide is not able to cross the blood-brain barrier by itself, but this changes when it is paired up with antibiotics, acid reflux medication, and HIV drug ritonavir. The drug is also often smoked along other substances such as tobacco or marijuana after it has gone through an extraction method.
America's opioid crisis
The U.S. is undergoing a severe opioid crisis, as there has been a steady increase in the incidence of opioid-related deaths since 2010
The most significant source of opiates is prescription medicine. Many argue that the solution lies in regulation since medicines are provided by irresponsible physicians and then abused by patients. The estimated amount of opioid medication in the U.S prescribed in a year was 76 million in 1991, whereas it reached an astounding 207 million in 2013. The United States is the world's biggest consumer of opiates, as it consumes almost the totality of the world's hydrocodone and 81 percent of the world's oxycodone.
Most opioids are more dangerous if they are taken through non-conventional methods, such as snorting, smoking or injecting. Also, when combined with other drugs, they tend to become lethal and addictive. The side-effects of most opioids are very similar to the ones of loperamide: constipation, drowsiness, and nausea.
Imodium overdoses have been linked to deaths or life-threatening irregular heartbeats in over a dozen cases in the last 18 months. — Liam Stack (@liamstack) May 11, 2016
States that have implemented a stricter method of pain medicine prescription have seen a decrease of 30 percent in the overall amount of prescription, which leads authorities to believe that there are much more cases of unadvised opioid prescriptions than what it is estimated. The reduction in the rate of prescriptions was evident just as the measure was issued, and so much more over the following two years after its implementation.
One of the latest high-profile victims of opioid abuse was Prince, who died from a fentanyl overdose, a drug that is usually prescribed for people suffering from cancer-related pain. CDC joins the bandwagon in saying that doctors are to blame for the opioid addiction crisis, as there are evident signals of an excess in prescriptions.
Opioids currently rule the market in the United States
Most opioids such as Vicodin, methamphetamine, oxycodone, fentanyl, Adderall, cocaine and Ritalin are Schedule II drugs, which are noted as medications that can be easily abused, thus becoming lethal for the patient.
A number of prescribed opioids in the U.S. on a yearly basis is enough for medicating every American adult for a month.
More changes will come as there is a lack of evidence that sets opioids as an effective medicine for successfully alleviating chronic non-cancer pain. The CDC has also recently published voluntary guidelines for prescribing opioids for chronic pain, which allows physicians to have a better ground on assessing whether to prescribe opioids for their patients or not.
Doctors are encouraged to discuss with their patient's pain treatment options before mentioning prescription drugs. At least 165,000 people have died from overdose related to prescription opioids. Opioids are also likely to develop tolerance and dependence on the patient, side-effects that are often as dangerous as the medication itself.
Source: NBC
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei threatened retaliations against the United States of sanctions imposed on the Islamic Republic are extended.
The U.S. House of representative voted last week to extend the remaining U.S. sanctions against Iran – set to expire at the end of the year — for another 10 years. The sanctions also include longstanding measures imposed by the U.S. that are not connected to Iran's nuclear program, including forbidding Iranian access to the U.S. financial system and the use of the dollar, which Iran claims have hampered the economic windfall it expected from the deal.
In addition, the House passed a bill that would prevent companies such as Boeing and Airbus from selling commercial aircraft to Iran.
The measure would also have to be approved by the Senate as well as U.S. President Barack Obama.
Obama is expected to veto any such measure.
"The latest is extension of sanctions for 10 years, that if it happens, would surely be against JCPOA [the nuclear agreement], and the Islamic Republic would definitely react to it," said Khamenei in a speech to a group of Revolutionary Guards.
Although Iran says the extension of the sanctions is a violation of the nuclear deal made Iran and the world powers in the summer of 2015, the deal also contained provisions to “snapback” the sanctions if Iran were to be found in violation of the agreement.
Iran was recently found – for the second time — to be in violation of the agreement by exceeding the 130 metric tonne threshold of heavy water material used in nuclear reactors, according to a report by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the signing of the nuclear agreement Iran has engaged in a provocative “cat and mouse” game with the U.S.
The nuclear deal made with Iran and the world powers was sold to the public as a way to contain not just Iran's nuclear weapons program, but its ballistic missile program as well.
Ballistic missiles are mainly used to deliver nuclear warheads. Under the terms of the agreement, the public was initially told that the current UN restrictions on Iran's ballistic missile program would remain in effect for eight years, including forbidding Iran from testing of ballistic missiles.
Less than two months after the deal was formalized, a senior figure in the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), Brigadier General Amirali Hajizadeh, announced, "Some wrongly think Iran has suspended its ballistic missile programs in the last two years and has made a deal on its missile program … We will have a new ballistic missile test in the near future that will be a thorn in the eyes of our enemies."
After the first ballistic missile test conducted by Iran after the agreement was made, the U.S. administration backtracked, saying that the test was really not a violation of the nuclear agreement but there were “strong indications” that the test violated UN restrictions.
The second ballistic missile test came as U.S. Vice President Joe Biden was visiting Israel. Painted on the two missiles (which had the capability of reaching the Jewish state) were written the word in Hebrew, “Israel should be wiped out.”
Biden said at the time, the U.S. would “act” if Iran broke the nuclear agreements, however, no action against Iran was taken by the U.S.
In addition, to the ballistic missile tests, since signing the agreement:
? In September 2015, Iran simulated a missile attack on a US aircraft carrier in an agitprop video titled “If Any War happens.”
? In October 2015, just three days after one of the ballistic tests, Iranian state TV aired unprecedented footage of an underground missile base.
? In December 2015, Iran tested rockets with live fire within 1,500 yards of American warships in the Strait of Hormuz.
? In January 2016, Iran test-fired an upgraded surface-to surface cruise missile in a new set of wargames code-named Velayat-94
? In January 2016, an unarmed Iranian surveillance drone flew near U.S. and French aircraft carriers in the Gulf, managing to take “precise” photos while the ship was involved in an ongoing naval drill. An Iranian submarine was also detected in close proximity to the aircraft carriers.
? In January 2016, Iran captured 10 U.S. sailors whose boat had strayed into Iranian territorial waters. The soldiers were humiliated and held for 15 hours. Iran has since used the incident to mocked America in videos and plays.
“Without understanding Iranian culture, it is impossible to understand what is going on,” says Harold Rhode, an expert on Islamic culture who worked for the Pentagon for 28 years, in an interview with The Algemeiner. “Nothing is in and of itself. The way negotiations work among Iranians is that an agreement as we understand it means nothing. It is nothing more than a step along the way to getting what they want.”
“From an Iranian cultural point of view, at all times there is a balance — ‘Are you giving it or are you getting it?' … It's simply domination; it's simply power.”
Last month, the United States Department of Agriculture designated all 254 counties in Texas natural disaster areas, qualifying them for varying levels of federal relief. More than 30 percent of the state's wheat fields might be lost, adding pressure to a crop in short supply globally.
Photo
Even if weather patterns shift and relief-giving rain comes, losses will surely head past $3 billion in Texas alone, state agricultural officials said.
Most troubling is that the drought, which could go down as one of the nation's worst, has come on extra hot and extra early. It has its roots in 2010 and continued through the winter. The five months from this February to June, for example, were so dry that they shattered a Texas record set in 1917, said Don Conlee, the acting state climatologist.
Oklahoma has had only 28 percent of its normal summer rainfall, and the heat has blasted past 90 degrees for a month.
“We've had a two- or three-week start on what is likely to be a disastrous summer,” said Kevin Kloesel, director of the Oklahoma Climatological Survey.
The question, of course, becomes why. In a spring and summer in which weather news has been dominated by epic floods and tornadoes , it is hard to imagine that more than a quarter of the country is facing an equally daunting but very different kind of natural disaster.
From a meteorological standpoint, the answer is fairly simple. “A strong La Niña shut off the southern pipeline of moisture,” said David Miskus, who monitors drought for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Photo
The weather pattern called La Niña is an abnormal cooling of Pacific waters. It usually follows El Niño, which is an abnormal warming of those same waters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Although a new forecast from the National Weather Service 's Climate Prediction Center suggests that this dangerous weather pattern could revive in the fall, many in the parched regions find themselves in the unlikely position of hoping for a season of heavy tropical storms in the Southeast and drenching monsoons in the Southwest.
Climatologists say the great drought of 2011 is starting to look a lot like the one that hit the nation in the early to mid-1950s. That, too, dried a broad part of the southern tier of states into leather and remains a record breaker.
But this time, things are different in the drought belt. With states and towns short on cash and unemployment still high, the stress on the land and the people who rely on it for a living is being amplified by political and economic forces, state and local officials say. As a result, this drought is likely to have the cultural impact of the great 1930s drought, which hammered an already weakened nation.
“In the '30s, you had the Depression and everything that happened with that, and drought on top,” said Donald A. Wilhite, director of the school of natural resources at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln and former director of the National Drought Mitigation Center. “The combination of those two things was devastating.”
Although today's economy is not as bad, many Americans ground down by prolonged economic insecurity have little wiggle room to handle the effects of a prolonged drought. Government agencies are in the same boat.
Photo
“Because we overspent, the Legislature overspent, we've been cut back and then the drought comes along and we don't have the resources and federal government doesn't, and so we just tighten our belt and go on,” said Donald Butler, the director of the Arizona Department of Agriculture.
The drought is having some odd effects, economically and otherwise.
“One of the biggest impacts of the drought is going to be the shrinking of the cattle herd in the United States ,” said Bruce A. Babcock, an agricultural economist at Iowa State University in Ames. And that will have a paradoxical but profound impact on the price of a steak.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ranchers whose grass was killed by drought cannot afford to sustain cattle with hay or other feed, which is also climbing in price. Their response will most likely be to send animals to slaughter early. That glut of beef would lower prices temporarily.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But America's cattle supply will ultimately be lower at a time when the global supply is already low, potentially resulting in much higher prices in the future.
There are other problems. Fishing tournaments have been canceled in Florida and Mississippi , just two of the states where low water levels have kept recreational users from lakes and rivers. In Texas, some cities are experiencing blackouts because airborne deposits of salt and chemicals are building up on power lines, triggering surges that shut down the system. In times of normal weather, rain usually washes away the environmental buildup. Instead, power company crews in cities like Houston are being dispatched to spray electrical lines.
In this corner of Georgia, where temperatures have been over 100 and rainfall has been off by more than half, fish and wildlife officials are worried over the health of the shinyrayed pocketbook and the oval pigtoe mussels, both freshwater species on the endangered species list.
Video
The mussels live in Spring Creek, which is dangerously low and borders Terry Pickle's 2,000-acre farm here. They pull their irrigation from wells that tie into the water system of which Spring Creek is a part.
Whether nature or agriculture is to blame remains a debate in a state that for 20 years has been embroiled in a water war with Alabama and Florida. Meanwhile, Colquitt has allowed the state to drill a special well to pump water back into the creek to save the mussels from extinction.
Most farmers here are much more worried about the crops than the mussels. With cotton and corn prices high, they had high hopes for the season. But many have had to replant fields several times to get even one crop to survive. Others, like Mr. Pickle, have relied on irrigation so expensive that it threatens to eat into any profits.
The water is free, but the system used to get it from the ground runs on diesel fuel. Their bill for May and June was an unheard of $88,442.
Thousands of small stories like that will all contribute to the ultimate financial impact of the drought, which will not be known until it is over. And no one knows when that will be.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency has already provided over $75 million in assistance to ranchers nationwide, with most of it going to Florida, New Mexico and Texas. An additional $62 million in crop insurance indemnities have already been provided to help other producers.
Economists say that adding up the effects of drought is far more complicated than, say, those of a hurricane or tornado, which destroy structures that have set values. With drought, a shattered wheat or corn crop is a loss to one farmer, and it has a specific price tag. But all those individual losses punch a hole in the food supply and drive prices up. That is good news for a farmer who manages to get a crop in. The final net costs down the line are thus dispersed, and mostly passed along.
Dead men tell no tales -- but they can be sued.
A state appeals court ruled that a dead man can be held responsible for the injuries their body parts caused after they were struck by a train.
The Chicago Tribune reports that the court found it was "reasonably foreseeable" that the Amtrak train would kill 18-year-old Hiroyuki Joho, sending their body parts flying.
In 2008, Joho was killed while running to catch a train in the pouring rain, the Tribune reports. Their estate is being sued by Gayane Zokhrabov, whose leg and wrist were broken after the collision.
Zokhrabov's lawyer, Leslie Rosen, argued that the case should be treated like a regular negligence case, "no different than if a train passenger had been injured after the engineer hit the brakes," according to the Tribune.
Gawker writes that the ruling should serve as a warning to people who are killed in train crashes.
"If you die in a horrific train accident, be sure to aim your severed body away from any bystanders," writes Adrian Chen.
Complex blogger Tanya Ghahremani writes that the court's ruling offers proof that "not even death can prevent the system from biting you in the ass."
The woman and their 49-year-old father were last seen on surveillance footage when they left a Stockholm hotel together last autumn, the Metro newspaper reports.
Investigators believe the father-daughter night out finished with the 21-year-old plunging a dagger through their father's heart and slitting their throat.
"He wanted it," they said during an interrogation.
According to the 21-year-old's account, they and their father came to an agreement over drinks that they should kill him.
In the course of their investigation, police uncovered evidence that the woman had carried out numerous internet queries in search of tips for how to dispose of evidence.
They had also combed the internet looking for information on the structure and functioning of the human heart.
Writing in their diary before the killing, the 21-year-old spoke of their desire to take another person's life.
When confronted with the evidence, however, the woman told investigators that they merely have a passion for serial killers and is an avid watcher of the television series "Dexter".
The programme, produced in the United States by Showtime, depicts the life of Miami police forensic investigator Dexter Morgan, who also happens to be a serial killer.
Prosecutors have now charged the 21-year-old woman with murder. According to prosecutor Carl Mellberg, the case lacks any obvious motive.
"But considering the thoughts they had at the time and the fact that they had a knife with her, one could argue there was some element of premeditation," they told Metro.
Home > Voters >
Where to vote
On Election Day
On Election Day, you must vote at your assigned polling place based on the precinct where you live. All polling places are open from 7 a.m. until 8 p.m.
Use the MN Polling Place Finder
Tips for using the Polling Place Finder
Enter your Zip Code – the zip code option narrows the list of streets more than selecting Hennepin County
Type in 5-digit zip code and click Go. Enter your residential house number. Don't press Enter or click Go until you select your street! Select street name from drop-down and click Go. View Polling Place information including: Ward and Precinct number
Name and address of polling place
Map options of polling place location
Districts for your precinct, including maps of those precincts
Sample Ballot for the precinct when available
If you have a question about this Polling Place Finder, contact Elections & Voter Services.
See a list of all polling locations in Minneapolis here.
Before Election Day
During the period for absentee voting, all voters can choose to cast a ballot by mail or at a designated in-person voting location. Learn more about options for voting early by absentee ballot.
List of Minneapolis polling places by precinct
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR POLLING LOCATION as your polling place and/or voting precinct may have changed. Use the Polling Place Finder above, or call 311.
Precincts and polling place maps (8.5 x 11 inches)
-- Select -- Polling Place (1-1) Polling Place (1-2) Polling Place (1-3) Polling Place (1-4) Polling Place (1-5) Polling Place (1-6) Polling Place (1-7) Polling Place (1-8) Polling Place (1-9) Polling Place (1-10) Polling Place (2-1) Polling Place (2-2) Polling Place (2-3) Polling Place (2-4) Polling Place (2-5) Polling Place (2-6) Polling Place (2-7) Polling Place (2-8) Polling Place (2-9) Polling Place (2-10) Polling Place (2-11) Polling Place (3-1) Polling Place (3-2) Polling Place (3-3) Polling Place (3-4) Polling Place (3-5) Polling Place (3-6) Polling Place (3-7) Polling Place (3-8) Polling Place (3-9) Polling Place (3-10) Polling Place (3-11) Polling Place (3-12) Polling Place (4-1) Polling Place (4-2) Polling Place (4-3) Polling Place (4-4) Polling Place (4-5) Polling Place (4-6) Polling Place (4-7) Polling Place (4-8) Polling Place (5-1) Polling Place (5-2) Polling Place (5-3) Polling Place (5-4) Polling Place (5-5) Polling Place (5-6) Polling Place (5-7) Polling Place (5-8) Polling Place (5-9) Polling Place (6-1) Polling Place (6-2) Polling Place (6-3) Polling Place (6-4) Polling Place (6-5) Polling Place (6-6) Polling Place (6-7) Polling Place (6-8) Polling Place (6-9) Polling Place (7-1) Polling Place (7-2) Polling Place (7-3) Polling Place (7-4) Polling Place (7-5) Polling Place (7-6) Polling Place (7-7) Polling Place (7-8) Polling Place (7-9) Polling Place (7-10) Polling Place (8-1) Polling Place (8-2) Polling Place (8-3) Polling Place (8-4) Polling Place (8-5) Polling Place (8-6) Polling Place (8-7) Polling Place (8-8) Polling Place (9-1) Polling Place (9-2) Polling Place (9-3) Polling Place (9-4) Polling Place (9-5) Polling Place (9-6) Polling Place (9-7) Polling Place (9-8) Polling Place (9-9) Polling Place (10-1) Polling Place (10-2) Polling Place (10-3) Polling Place (10-4) Polling Place (10-5) Polling Place (10-6) Polling Place (10-7) Polling Place (10-8) Polling Place (10-9) Polling Place (11-1) Polling Place (11-2) Polling Place (11-3) Polling Place (11-4) Polling Place (11-5) Polling Place (11-6) Polling Place (11-7) Polling Place (11-8) Polling Place (11-9) Polling Place (11-10) Polling Place (12-1) Polling Place (12-2) Polling Place (12-3) Polling Place (12-4) Polling Place (12-5) Polling Place (12-6) Polling Place (12-7) Polling Place (12-8) Polling Place (12-9) Polling Place (12-10) Polling Place (12-11) Polling Place (12-12) Polling Place (12-13) Polling Place (13-1) Polling Place (13-2) Polling Place (13-3) Polling Place (13-4) Polling Place (13-5) Polling Place (13-6) Polling Place (13-7) Polling Place (13-8) Polling Place (13-9) Polling Place (13-10) Polling Place (13-11) Polling Place (13-12) Polling Place (13-13)
Polling place maps (8.5 x 11 inches) with 100 foot no campaigning boundary
Mr Tajani said "This house is about the things we have in common, the events we have lived through together. This is indeed not only the House of European History, it is also the Home of European identity and European memory."
Former EP President Hans-Gert Pöttering, Chair of the Board of Trustees of the HEH said "The House of European History is intended to help citizens to step into the future wisely and with confidence, a future which, from today's standpoint, looks likely to be troubled and full of threats. It is a house which, by showing us the dynamics of European history, enables us to better understand recent history, as well as the present. “
Professor Wlodzimierz Borodziej, Chair of the HEH Academic Committee, said “Like the Union, the work of the House of European History will never be complete. It will always remain a record of the time in which modified versions of the permanent exhibition and of the subsequent temporary exhibitions will be born. Last but not least, it will remain a record of the disputes about this, our tiny appendix of Asia, where we nest and which we have the right to be proud of.”
The House of European History (HEH) aims to encourage citizens to reflect upon and debate about the history of Europe and of European integration. It wants to increase knowledge, arouse curiosity and, over time, become a place for the exchange of ideas, reflection and debate about Europe and its history, linking up people, institutions and networks dealing with European history. Visitors will be challenged to critically assess European history, its potential and its future.
Exhibits in the HEH permanent exhibition have been brought together from around 300 museums and collections from across Europe and beyond - please check the HEH website for more information about the exhibits and HEH partners.
"Interactions. Centuries of Commerce, Combat and Creation" is the House of European History's first temporary exhibition. It will run until 31 May 2018. It illuminates exemplary moments and revealing stories of encounters and exchanges in European history.
The Museum also offers educational programmes; events for local and visiting publics; publications and a range of online information.
House of European History web site: http://historia-europa.ep.eu/home
Downloadable audio-visual material on the HEH, the building up of the collection, the permanent and temporary exhibition and the opening events: http://audiovisual.europarl.europa.eu/house-european-history .
The time has come. Texas A&M has successfully hurdled the 5-0 barrier and now the 6-0 Aggies, ranked No. 6 in the country, play their biggest game of the year and perhaps the biggest game in the Kevin Sumlin era.
Texas A&M meets No. 1 Alabama at 3:30 p.m. ET at Bryant-Denny Stadium with CBS carrying the broadcast to a national television audience. It'll be a battle of unbeatens; a game which will decide the SEC frontrunner heading into the homestretch. The winner holds the inside track to the SEC Championship Game and an opportunity to play in the College Football Playoff.
Here are five thoughts heading into the big game:
1. Not many are giving the Aggies a chance – This is despite their undefeated record and their impressive season to date which includes a No. 6 ranking. Even Las Vegas is shunning the Aggies. Alabama opened as a 17-point favorite early Sunday. That's a lot of points for a top-10 matchup. But you really can't blame them, not after the way the Tide rolled past Tennessee on Saturday. Alabama never allowed for Tennessee's patented late-game heroics, a series of comebacks that included rallying from 21 points down to Texas A&M the previous week. The Vols took that game to overtime before the Aggies prevailed. Alabama had none of it on Saturday, rolling to a convincing 49-10 victory.
2. Can Trevor Knight make it two in a row? – The Aggies' quarterback is undefeated against Alabama over their college career. In their only game against the Tide, Knight threw for 348 yards and 4 touchdowns, completing 32-of-44 passes for Oklahoma in the Sooners' 45-31 romp over the Tide in the Sugar Bowl following the 2013 season. The drubbing matched Alabama's worst defeat in a decade. It is said that elephants have long memories, red or otherwise. So Alabama will surely seek to make amends. Trouble is, it just might take that type of effort once again for the Aggies to pull off the victory and keep Knight undefeated vs. the Tide.
3. Is this the best Alabama team in the Nick Saban era? – If it is, that's saying a lot. You don't win four national championships in seven years with average teams. But this actually could very well be their best; at least that's what some are saying, including AL.com writer Kevin Scarbinsky. This is a team that not only can score with regularity on offense, defense and special teams, but also still plays exceptional defense on top of it.
The Tide is playing at the highest level in all phases of the game as the most recent example, the 49-10 thumping of Tennessee on the road, clearly illustrates.
4. Can Aggies keep Alabama touchdowns limited to its offense? – This could be the key element to Saturday's showdown. Keeping Alabama from scoring via its defense and special teams would be half the battle.
Seven of Alabama's 11 defensive starters have scored at least 1 non-offensive TD this season. That's unreal. — Alex Byington (@abyingtonTD) October 15, 2016
The Tide has recorded 11 non-offensive touchdowns this season. If that sounds like quite a lot, it is. For comparison, South Carolina's offense has scored nine touchdowns this season. So simply taking care of the football while on offense, while tightening up on special teams, could make the difference in Saturday's game. That sounds like an easy enough task for a team the caliber of Texas A&M, but even Tennessee was not immune. The Tide tallied two on Saturday with its offense on the sidelines. Ronnie Harrison returned an interception 58 yards for one score, and Eddie Jackson took a punt return 79 yards to the end zone for another. It will be imperative that Texas A&M guards against similar results this Saturday.
5. What are the other keys to an Aggies victory? – Well, with all the up-tempo spread offenses taking hold in the SEC, it still comes down to running the football and stopping the other team from running the football. Not surprisingly, Alabama leads the FBS in rushing defense, allowing an average of only 63.9 rushing yards per game. Texas A&M, in comparison, is seventh in the SEC, yielding an average of 159.3 per contest. Maintain control of the ball while opening up the passing game are the basics of winning football. Texas A&M leads the SEC in rushing offense, averaging 274.3 yards per game. Alabama is right behind it at second (265.7). So the team that can maintain its average will have the upper hand.
Parents sending kids back to school have another thing to worry about besides pens, paper and pencils.
They have always had to look out for head lice, but new research shows the bugs may be harder to kill.
Samples from 30 states, including Texas, found a gene mutation in lice that turns it into a superbug and resistant to over-the-counter chemicals.
If that's not bad enough, there is also a new way adults and teens are getting it: selfies.
Lice used to be a childhood problem eventually outgrown, like when youngsters bumped heads as they played together in tight quarters.
Now, as adults and teenagers almost constantly put their heads together while taking selfies, they're unknowingly giving lice a new host on which to feed.
Loren Hickman works at Hair Fairies in Dallas, which specializes in lice removal. They say it's impossible to pinpoint exactly where someone gets lice.
However, Hickman says she's seen an uptick in the number of teens with lice who don't have siblings.
“They're holding the phone up, putting their head close to their friend,” said Hickman. “It only takes a second.”
Lice crawl from one strand of hair to another. They don't jump, they don't fly, but they travel and spread like wildfire.
“People taking group selfies, it's just like a chain reaction,” said Hickman. “You take a picture with one person, you're taking a picture with another person. That bug can actually spread that quick.”
The research into mutated lice still has to be independently evaluated, but it's not entirely surprising that over the years, over-the-counter medication may not be as effective as it once was.
‘Why this sudden restlessness, this confusion?' asked C.P. Cavafy in their poem ‘Waiting for the Barbarians':
Because night has fallen and the barbarians have not come.
And some who have just returned from the border say
there are no barbarians any longer.
And now, what's going to happen to us without barbarians?
They were, those people, a kind of solution.
All through your and my life the Labour party have been at the gates of Downing Street, and often enough stormed them, only to be beaten back at a subsequent election. What might happen to the Conservative party if those barbarians disappear?
At first, Tories rejoiced at the Labour leadership election. The barbarians are fighting among themselves and no longer threaten us! Hurrah! And it is true that a Labour civil war or even disintegration would guarantee the Conservatives' return to office in 2020. Shall I, then, live (d.v.) under a Tory prime minister until I'm at least 75?
There are reasons to doubt it. At our peril do we underestimate the way Labour's shadow lurking in the wings has bound Conservatives together. No internal gravitational pull by any one uniting ideal keeps our always-troubled Tory marriage alive: it's fear of what lies outside our walls that achieves this.
When, aged 20, I arrived at Cambridge in 1969, I did not join the university Conservative association. CUCA was all cravats and ghastly sherry parties, jockeying for office and gossip about big Tory names in London. I knew only that I was not a socialist, that the trade unions were ruining Britain, that I believed in the individual, and that Labour and its levelling and collectivist instincts were part of our country's problems, not their solution. So I joined two political groupings: Pest (Pressure for Economic and Social Toryism) and the Cambridge Liberal party.
At Liberal meetings I observed that the party was not serious about power. Thus — and purely by elimination of the alternatives — I ended up as a Conservative.
It's an unspeakable old beast, the Tory party: I often disagree with it and sometimes come close to despair. But I string along, in fear of the barbarians. How many of my country-men — MPs, party members as well as Tory voters — have followed the same path to our party's gate? Tens of millions, I'll bet. On the doorstep at this year's general election my fellow activists and I did sense a surge of support for our candidates, but which of us can honestly say we were smothered by love and trust for our party? We cannot. We cannot claim even that people were much interested in our policies, or knew what they were. Overwhelmingly the doorstep response of our ‘Tory definites' was ‘Look at the polls! We've got to keep those buggers out!'
Those buggers, as Cavafy might put it, have been a kind of solution. Remove fear from the Tory equation, and what holds us together? I'm far from claiming nothing does, but the Conservative party really has three cores. Each to some degree repels the others. Each, shorn of the others, could attract support from outside the party. I go along with some of my Times colleague Tim Montgomerie's analysis of the political groupings that would better match 21st-century Britain, but my own formulation follows.
There's undoubtedly a Ukippy strand in Toryism — and there's more of them in than out. They are, in good and bad ways, somewhat reactionary. They're deeply patriotic, fierce about defence and hostile to the EU. They're morally conservative (no gay weddings for them). Their instinct is to support the bosses rather than the workers, they hate tax and are not overly sensitive to the woes of the poor, but they're not wholly free-marketeers. An orderly market rather than a free-for-all appeals to them. For this group I shall use Tim's name: the National party.
Then you have a gang that Michael Gove's former adviser Dominic Cummings could lead, small in number but strong in the power of their energising philosophy. They're dominated by dislike of government and bureaucracy. They have confidence in the unshackled market. They read Hayek. They were patronised (but less often heeded) by Margaret Thatcher. I'll call them the Small State party.
Finally you have what I'll call the One Nation party. We're a bit wishy-washy, economically fairly liberal but quick enough to intervene if things go wrong; and we worry about the poor. Morally we're on the permissive side. We may not be mad keen on the EU, but on balance we'd let well enough alone.
These three groups are philosophically further from each other than (say) Ukip and the Tory right; or the ‘Orange Book' Cleggite Lib Dems and the Tory left. But all co-exist within Conservatism in often-uneasy alliance. Were Labour's barbarians to depart the gates, then events — those reliable creators of gangs — would soon weld and trademark them. The One Nationers would draw supporters from former Lib Dems and the shattered Labour party. The Nats would bring the kippers back into their fold. The Small Staters would probably migrate both ways: influential more as a diaspora than a movement of their own.
I would see no need for any other political parties in Britain, except for the real left: the Corbynites. And we should be back to three parties again, but parties that better match the nation we now are. The kaleidoscope would have been shaken. We may well see the result.
This column appeared in The Spectator six months ago. For the most prescient analysis, join us – and subscribe from £1/week.
It's taken quite a while, but it finally looks like the Star Wars Destiny tournament scene is about to hit the jump. I, for one, couldn't be more ecstatic about the expansion of the tournament scene. The Store Championship season was nice, but few SCs were more than a local night at the FLGS. I want more, and I think we finally have it.
About six months ago I feel in love with this game; A new, Star Wars Card Game with solid mechanics, how could I not? (Dice, probably). I felt super fortunate when I found a LGS just miles from my house, a store I was previously unaware of, was holding a Destiny tournament on an imminent weekend. I scoured SWDestinDB, I purchased and downloaded TTS, I ordered decks worth of singles on eBay and from the Facebook groups. When that Saturday arrived, there was a paltry attendance at the tournament. Half of the players were the store manager and their kids, and the $10 entry fee didn't much cover the total packs given away at the event.
I was depressed. I wanted more and I couldn't seem to find it. The local events never had more than a few people and it was much, much simpler to stay home and grind games on TTS. The TTS League seasons 1 & 2 went pretty smoothly, even if the most recent playoff tournament results have fallen off the face of the Earth. The first online tournament run by the Pac-West crew at Artificery.com was a total disaster, with entire rounds of the tournament eliminated to preserve the top players' strength of schedule following drops, but the second “Pod” event seemed to have run much more smoothly.
Now, Artificery.com is running the first ever Online Store Championship tomorrow, August 12th. They are still taking signups until the end of the day, and you can sign up here. This is a monumental event for Star Wars Destiny's tournament scene. I strongly believe that TTS is the best way to play this game – it's very clean, with plenty of functionality, and a strong tournament system would be a massive boon for the game. Just this week B.Rody announced on Discord that they can no longer run the TTS League, so until someone steps up, Artificery is all we have in terms of online tournament organization, and that they've been able to pull off an online Store Championship is kind of amazing.
Artificery's Online Store Championship event will feature 7 rounds of swiss, followed by a Top-16 cut where each match will be a best-of-three. More rounds and BO3 top cuts are everything the public has been clamoring for over the past few months. My chief complaint of FFG tournaments is that the structure is awful for both figuring out a top-cut and having a fun tournament. Strength of Schedule is an awful, terrible tiebreaker, and its irrelevance is magnified when there are only three or four rounds in a tournament. The structure of the online store championship is everything this community needs out of a tournament structure.
Not only is Artificery delivering on tournament structure, but they've gone HAM on their prizes. Each Top 8 competitor will receive a Phasma Store Championship play mat and deckbox, as well as The Best Defense promo card. Each player in the Top 4 will also earn an Acrylic Phasma Alt Art, while the Runner-Up will win all of that plus $75, and the winner will receive $150 and a Regional Bye! That's quite a haul. Pearl Yeti and the Aritificery.com team has been working on getting storefront privileges for some time. Now that they have those privileges I hope we can expect even more from Artificery in the months to come. Did I mention every entrant will receive a Matt the Radar Technician Alt-Art?!
Side Events at GenCon
Online tournaments aren't the only expansion of Star Wars Destiny Organized Play going on. We're about to have the two largest Star Wars Destiny tournaments ever at the upcoming GenCon and NOVA conventions. With such large tournaments, the influx of Destiny players at these events will be massive. As such, a few parties have stepped up to launch additional Destiny tournaments at these cons.
XWingevents.com has stepped up big and is running win-a-box, cash events, and cash-event qualifiers at GenCon. You can get information on their entire circuit here. As of right now there are seats available for a bunch of these events, including a $250 Cash Tournament Friday night at 6pm, $1k qualifiers on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, Win-a-Box events on Thursday at Noon and 4pm, and Saturday at Noon and 4pm.
I'll be playing in several of the 1K cash-qualifiers as warmups for the main event at GenCon, the North American Championship, as well as with the hopes of winning the cashola on Sunday in the $1k finals (the $500 prize-pool finals are Friday evening). Like Artificery, the GenCon Cash Events give us an elite tournament structure: three 48-player, 5-round tournaments where the top 8 at each will advance, followed by a 24-person tournament for the single-elimination “Day Two.” Even moreso than the strength of schedule tiebreakers in Destiny, the fact that you could have the second best record possible (only one loss) and not make the top cut is preposterous. Having a five round tournament with a cut to top 8 might leave an X-2 out, but going into the tournament knowing that giving up only one loss will get you to the finals is important to people investing their time, money, and effort into such an event.
A group called The Nerfherders are also running several more casual events at GenCon where each entrant will receive an Alt-Art Han Solo Card, and the Top 4 of each event will receive a playmat with the same, Han Solo art by Tattoo Bob Hepner:
The events are being run Thursday at 8am and 8pm, Friday at 8am and 8pm, and Saturday at 8am. The Nerfherders are also running a very interesting team tournament on Sunday at 8am.
For the Team tournament on Sunday we will be using the free for all rules in the Star Wars Destiny rules reference with the following changes:
1. Both players deck must be from the same faction.
2. The rules for unique cards shall apply across the whole team (ie. If player 1 is using Darth Vader Sith Lord player 2 may not play Darth Vader Dark Apprentice).
3. Each team will select one battlefield to be used by both players on the team.
4. At the beginning of the game all 4 players will roll for the battlefield using the teams combined total to determine the winner. The teammate who rolled the highest will be player 1.
5. Both players for the team who's battlefield is not chosen may each assign 2 shields to their characters.
6. Play shall alternate between teams (ie. Player 1 team one takes an action then player 1 team 2 followed by player 2 team 1 and so on.)
7. Once the battlefield has been claimed by one teammate both players of that team may only pass on subsequent turns.
8. The teammate who actually claimed the battlefield takes the first action of the next round. 8. Players board state are considered to be separate in all ways other than the ways stated above.
9. In the event that all one teammates characters are defeated or deck is empty but the other teammate has surviving characters or cards in their deck thst player may continue to play cards, gain resources and activate supports until both teammates have no remaining characters or cards in their deck.
All of these events, combined with the upcoming National Championships run by FFG, show me that it's a great time to be playing Destiny. I wasn't sure these times would ever come. I would've liked myself and the rest of TheHyperloops crew to have had a greater hand in their creation (we reached out to a few stores locally, but none were willing to pull the trigger on sponsoring a larger tournament scene), but I'll settle for simply having a thriving tournament scene. From large conventions to gaming on TTS in our underoos, the tournament scene is thriving, and it's everything I've always wanted out of this game.
What's more is that this is all happening alongside the Organized Play FFG is giving us. The Kit prizes have been excellent thus far, and Store Championships were a huge success. I'm excited to see what Regionals, Worlds, and 2018 has in store for us!
It has been said that there is nothing better than a good friend, except a good friend with chocolate. At the 11th Annual Chocolate Tasting sponsored by the Friends of Cape Henlopen State Park, set for 1 to 4 p.m., Saturday, Sept. 9, at the Biden Center in the park, there will be many good friends with a variety of chocolates. There will be plenty for all and plenty of room to park. Park entry fees are in effect.
The tasting features chocolate candy and baked goods prepared by local volunteers. Admission of $6 includes six tastes. Additional tastes go for 50 cents apiece. There will also be a selection of fabulous chocolate baked goods to take home from the bake sale table for the perfect gift or family treat. Attendees should not bring their own containers.
Co-chairs Barbara Schmidt and Trish Baines say there will be two raffles this year. Various items and gift cards will be raffled with drawings to be held throughout the afternoon. Raffle tickets will sell for $1 each or six for $5. Also, chances are being sold for a weekend cottage at Delaware Seashore State Park. Tickets for this raffle are $5 each or 5 for $20. To purchase weekend cottage raffle tickets, call 443-289-1148. Ticket holders do not need to be present for the drawing.
A family visit to the park offers a wide array of activities to help work off that chocolate high. There are trails to suit every walker, and visitors can borrow bicycles at the Bike Barn and ride around the park. Children can enjoy hours of fun on the equipment in the new playground. The whole family can play disc golf on the course across the street from the playground. And of course, the beach beckons to all.
Funds raised at the event will go to replenish the Richard and Mirth Thatcher Education Fund. In this era of tight school budgets, teachers are finding it harder to finance their quality field trips to Cape Henlopen State Park where hands-on experiences with nature and history can be provided. To counter this trend, the Friends group supports the cost of transportation to bring Sussex County school groups to the educational programs conducted through the Seaside Nature Center.
The Friends of Cape Henlopen State park is a nonprofit organization made up of volunteers who donate their time to promote one of the crown jewels of Delaware's state parks. Members are strongly committed to public education about the park, and they believe that education leads to appreciation, conservation and preservation.
For more information, go to www.friendsofcapehenlopen.org.
The Chicago Bears are an American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois. They are members of the National Football Conference (NFC) North division in the National Football League (NFL).[1] They participated in the first ever NFL draft in 1936 and selected Joe Stydahar, a tackle from West Virginia University. Stydahar went to have a stellar career with the franchise and is inducted in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. The team's most recent first round selection (2018) was Roquan Smith, an inside linebacker from Georgia. The Bears have not had first round selections a total of six times, most recently in 2010.[2] The Bears have only selected the number one overall pick in the draft twice, choosing Tom Harmon in 1941 and Bob Fenimore in 1947. The team's six selections from the University of Texas are the most chosen by the Bears from one program. Nine of the first round selections have been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Every year during April, each NFL franchise seeks to add new players to its roster through a collegiate draft known as "the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting", which is more commonly known as the NFL Draft. The NFL Draft, as a whole, gives the advantage to the teams that did poorly the previous season. The 30 teams that did not make the Super Bowl are ranked in order so the team with the worst record picks first and the team with the best record pick last. The two exceptions to this inverse order are made for teams that appeared in the previous Super Bowl; the Super Bowl champion selects 32nd overall, and the Super Bowl loser selects 31st overall. If the franchise so chooses, they may trade their draft picks for any combination of draft picks, players, and money.[3]
Key [ edit ]
Table key ^ Indicates the player was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. * Selected number one overall † Indicates the player was selected for the Pro Bowl at any time in their career. — The Bears did not draft a player in the first round that year. Year Each year links to an article about that particular NFL Draft. Pick Indicates the number of the pick within the first round Position Indicates the position of the player in the NFL College The player's college football team
Player selections [ edit ]
Brian Urlacher was selected by the Bears in 2000 in the first round.
Rex Grossman is the second most recent quarterback selected in the first round by the Bears in 2003.
Cedric Benson was selected in 2004 by the team with the 4th overall pick.
References [ edit ]
General
Jarryd Hayne aka the Hayne Plane. The most talked about man in Rugby League has again got the media shuffling and the heads shaking.
The story that was leaked a couple of weeks ago while Fiji were making a surge in the world cup has now been confirmed. Hayne has been granted a release from the Titans for their final year.
Costly Error for the Titans
The Titans signed Hayne on a 1-year deal with a 1-year option that Hayne agreed to take into 2018.
Embed from Getty Images
This means that the Titans have been haying Hayne's wage over the off season.
How Does Henry Feel
Hayne's main reason for wanting to move back to Sydney is to be closer to family. All that aside though it's still pretty poor form.
Considering that when Hayne and Neil Henry were butting heads last year, Hayne gave the club an ultimatum and held them to ransom. The Titans chose them over the coach. And now they up and leaves.
Always on the Cards
Even when you go back as far as Hayne joining the Titans 16 months ago, there were early signs then that they didn't want to be at the club.
In their very first press conference, Hayne moped the whole time. All they could talk about was how they wanted to be at the Eels.
It's Time for the Hayne Plane to Deliver
Jarryd Hayne is a marquee player, one of the highest paid in the game. So when do they repay the game? Their last good season was 2014, then the Hayne Plane upped and flew all the way to the NFL.
Embed from Getty Images
That didn't pan out so they upped and left to the Fiji 7s. That didn't pan out so they came back to the NRL. And at the Gold Coast Titans they have been getting paid a marquee player's salary to deliver nothing because they want to be somewhere else.
Will Hayne find what he's looking for in Parramatta? I suspect not. First of all the club has changed since they played there. With Norman, Gutherson and Bevan French in key positions, it's hard to see where they will fit in.
The Cold Hard Truth
It's time to realise a few home truths about the Hayne Plane. They will never be the player they once are.  They are a hard player to motivate and a hard player to get the best out of. Whenever the going gets tough, the Hayne Plane gets going.
It's about time clubs stop paying players on potential and start paying them on output. Perhaps clubs should move towards more merit based contracts, where payments are made based on metres, wins and KPIs. Just like in the NFL.
by Darrin Seath – contributor
Social justice warriors can claim victory at a public school in Virginia after they demanded two classic American novels be pulled from the classroom and library.
NBC New York reported on Thursday that Accomack County Public Schools have temporarily removed To Kill a Mockingbird and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Their reason for removal is that both books contain racial slurs that were common for the time that they were written.
A committee that includes the school's principal, librarian, teacher, and a parent will review the complaint later this month and make a recommendation to the superintendent.
Ironically, To Kill a Mockingbird tells the story of Atticus Finch, a lawyer in the segregated South who defends a black man accused of raping a white woman.
Finch puts their entire reputation on the line by defending the black man because they believe he's innocent. It's a strong story about honor and truth fighting against an unjust system and racism.
None of that seems to matter to this social justice parent — because while morals are good, bad words offend people, and there's no greater crime than hurting someone's feelings.
Latest Videos
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Russian para-athletes banned after doping scandal
Russia has reacted with fury after a court upheld a ban on its athletes competing in next month's Paralympics.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev called the ban, levelled over allegations of doping, a "cynical decision".
On Tuesday the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) upheld the International Paralympic Committee's (IPC) decision to ban all Russian competitors.
The IPC made the decision after the McLaren report detailed a Russian state-sponsored doping programme.
"Banning our Paralympic athletes from Rio 2016 is a cynical decision motivated by a desire to remove strong rivals," Mr Medvedev said.
Andrei Strokin, the Secretary General of the Russian Paralympic Committee, said that the mood of the athletes was low, "because often for a disabled person it is the only chance of self-realisation and achieving something in life".
Roman Petushkov, a six-time Russian Paralympic champion, called the decision "inhumane" and a "humiliation".
Long-jumper Vadim Alyoshkin said athletes were "pawns in a big game we have nothing to do with".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Margarita Goncharova, a three-time Paralympic gold medallist in athletics, is among the Russians who will miss out on competing in Rio
But Karen Pickering, a four-time British Olympic athlete and four-time world champion, praised the decision.
"There is a real appetite right now amongst athletes that we don't want any former drug cheats in the Olympic Games," they said.
Craig Spence from the IPC said the body had "great sympathy" with the Russian athletes but said the decision was prompted by evidence of a state-sponsored doping system.
The Russian Paralympic Committee did not file any evidence contradicting the facts put forward by the IPC.
Paralympic v Olympics
The IPC's decision is in contrast to that of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which chose not to hand Russia a blanket ban from the Olympic Games.
The IOC was widely criticised for ignoring the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) recommendation to ban Russia.
Instead, each individual sporting federation was given the power to decide if Russian competitors were allowed to compete. A three-person IOC panel then had the final say.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Russia won 80 medals, including 30 gold, at the Sochi 2014 Winter Paralympics - the most in a single Winter Paralympics
In the end, more than 270 Russian athletes were cleared to compete at the Olympics, with Russia winning 56 medals in total and finishing in fourth place in the medal table.
Russia had been set to take 267 competitors across 18 sports to the Paralympics. The Cas statement added that it had not looked at the "natural justice rights or personality rights" of individual Russian athletes in making its decision.
Russia's Paralympic team's lawyer, Alexei Karpenko, said they would try to file an appeal with the Swiss Federal Supreme Court, but it would take between one and two years for the court to consider the case.
"So I'm afraid Russian Paralympians will not be going to the Games in any case," Mr Karpenko added.
IPC 'hopes this decision acts as a catalyst for change in Russia'
IPC president Sir Philip Craven, who has described Russia's anti-doping system as "broken, corrupted and entirely compromised", and claimed it put "medals over morals", said they were "greatly encouraged" by the Cas decision.
They said it was "not a day for celebration", adding: "We have enormous sympathy for the Russian athletes who will now miss out."
"It is a sad day for the Paralympic movement," said Craven. "But we hope also a new beginning. We hope this decision acts as a catalyst for change in Russia and we can welcome the Russian Paralympic Committee back as a member safe in the knowledge that it is fulfilling its obligations to ensure fair competition for all."
Why was Russia banned?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Russia won 80 medals, including 30 gold, at the Sochi 2014 Winter Paralympics - the most in a single Winter Paralympics
Richard McLaren, a Canadian law professor, published a Wada independent report that found Russia's sports ministry manipulated urine samples provided by its athletes between 2011 and 2015.
The report identified 27 samples relating to eight Para-sports, five of which are summer sports, including some governed by the IPC.
The IPC also found evidence that samples were swapped during the Sochi 2014 Paralympic Games, adding that it planned to reanalyse every Russian sample given at the event.
Paralympics going ahead despite major cuts
The Paralympics are going ahead as planned, but face major budget cuts as Rio's organising committee has not raised enough to fund the event because of Brazil's struggling economy and poor ticket sales.
Cuts will affect venues, workforce and transport. Delayed travel grants will now be paid to athletes, but 10 countries may struggle to get teams to Rio.
I Know First Review
On March 19, 2017, our weekly newsletter was sent out to all I Know First subscribers, which can be found here. Below, you may find the Know First Review, highlighting the algorithm's performance for this past week.
I Know First sends a weekly newsletter every Sunday to all the Know First subscribers, highlighting the past week's performance in all the covered financial markets, i.e. equity positions, currencies, and commodities. Additionally, the weekly newsletter includes analysis and updated news reports regarding prominent firms such as Apple, Yahoo, Baidu, and more which our subscribers are able to utilize for their investment strategies. The in-depth analysis is provided by the Know First financial analysts, who are often times also top rated authors for prominent financial sites such as Seeking Alpha.
In general, the algorithm is based on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning with elements of Artificial Neural Networks and Genetic Algorithms incorporated in it. This means the algorithm creates, deletes, and modifies relationships between different financial assets to optimize its predictive accuracy. Based on the relationships and the latest market data, the algorithm calculates its forecasts. Since the algorithm learns from its previous forecasts and is continuously readjusting the relationships, it adapts quickly to changing market situations.
For a more detailed explanation, regarding the algorithm, click here.
As highlighted in the newsletter, our subscribers had seen superb returns, whether long-term or short-term. Our investors are able to tackle the market head on with all its recent uncertainties and achieve premiums well over those offered by institutional and classic fund managers. For example, on March 14, 2017, we published a 1-month long forecast of our Medicine Package with a bullish signal for Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PPHM). Within 1 month 7 of the 10 predictions revealed themselves to be correct and PPHM registered a return of 91.89%.
Package Name: Medicine Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 1 Month (02/14/2017 – 03/14/2017)
I Know First Average: 21.19%
Every week the top performing financial instruments are highlighted, as shown below from this past week's newsletter.
1. The Most Impressive Forecasts for This Week
During this week, in the Top 10 Stock forecast, AMD was the highest returning stock at 413.97% in one year time frame. Among the forecast's top ten picks, the Know First Portfolio resulted in a 61.36% market premium above the S&P 500. X, XPO, and FCX had returned 160.67%, 78.86%, and 29.29%, respectively. Another notable forecast was the Medicine Stocks forecast. Within a month, the forecast accurately forecasted PPHM's bullish return over 90%. Among the other top returns were IMGN with a return of 63.71% and PTX yielding 43.53%.
Package Name: Top 10 Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 1 Year (03/15/2016 – 03/15/2017)
I Know First Average: 79.46%
2. Stock Increase By Over 25% in 3 Days
Between the Fundamentals Stock forecast and the Tech Stock forecast, INVE was the top performing stock with an impressive 27.61% return in 3 days. Although this was the only stock to yield in the double digits, other notable returns in the Fundamental Stock forecast were: KERX and QUIK with a return of 7.76% and 46%. In the Tech Stock forecast, the next two to performing stocks were: HIMX and CNTF with a return of 8.59% and 4.48%. Furthermore, this Computer Stocks forecast had an excellent performance in 3 days, with an 80% accuracy and almost 4% average.
Package Name: Fundamental – Low PEG Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 3 Days (03/15/2017 – 03/18/2017)
I Know First Average: 4.94%
3. Equity Predictions Surge in 7 Days
I Know First's self-learning algorithm had forecasted high weekly returns this past week. This Pharma Stocks forecast was I Know First's top 7 day forecast with returns reaching almost 15% and 14% from XOMA and INVE. Additionally, this Hedge Fund Stocks forecast, Small Cap Stocks forecast, and Currencies Forecast had superb 7 day returns, with the equity forecasts returning on average 4.79% and 4.66%. HRB, KERX, QUIK had high 7 day returns of 18.29%, 12.40%, and 14.71%, respectively. The currency forecast had an excellent hit ratio of 76% in 7 days.
Package Name: Pharma Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 7 Days (03/08/2017 – 03/15/2017)
I Know First Average: 5.74%
4. Low Priced Stocks Yield High Returns in 14 Days
This Stocks Under $5 was the top performing 14 day forecast this week, with returns climbing to 33.33% from PLX. DVAX and CCO had as well high returns at 30.68% and 22.11%, respectively. Furthermore, This long and short Small Cap Stocks forecast and long Fundamentals Stocks forecast had overall market premiums of 9.41% (long), 10.42% (short), and 8.80% (long), accordingly. PPHM, IMGN, and RTK (short) had high returns at 49.57%, 40.96%, and 31.72%, respectively.
Package Name: Stocks Under 5 Dollars
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 14 Days (02/28/2017 – 03/14/2017)
I Know First Average: 8.61%
5. Month Long Forecasts Reach Almost 112%
In 1 month, I Know First's top performing predictions came from this Medicine Stocks forecast. The forecast had an overall average of almost 19% return, with PPHM and IMGN having the highest returns at 88.84% and 53.47%. This Biotech Stocks forecast had as well high returns with a market premium of over 16% above the S&P 500 Index in 1 month. PPHM had returned almost 112% from that forecast. Additionally, this long and short Small Cap Stocks forecast had superb month long average returns almost 11% and 19.13%, respectively. DRYS and MATN had high returns of 55.64% and 36.53%.
Package Name: Medicine Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 1 Month (02/15/2017 – 03/15/2017)
I Know First Average: 18.90%
6. Over 61% Yield Based on Self-Learning Algorithm
The self-learning algorithm had predicted high bullish returns in 3 months. This Israeli Stocks forecast was the top forecast with 7/10 accuracy and almost 20% average. PERI was its top forecasted stock, which returned 47.58% in 3 months. Furthermore, this Tech Stocks forecast and Brazil Stocks forecast had seen high growth with average returns of 17.34% and 18.61%, respectively. INVE, AMD, and CIG had high returns during this time at almost 60%, 34%, and 61.10%, accordingly.
Package Name: By Country – Israeli Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 3 Months (12/16/2016 – 03/16/2017)
I Know First Average: 19.56%
7. Bullish Run Returns Over 466% In 1 Year
With an average of 101.03%, this Stocks Under $10 forecast was I Know First's top 1 year forecast this week. GGB and X shares both grew at 188.82% and 160.67%, respectively. AMD Shares surged 466.67% from these Stocks Under $5 forecast. Additionally, this Tech Stocks forecast had superb returns NANO and SXS.L at 96.56% and 49.53%, respectively.
Package Name: Stocks Under 10 Dollars
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 1 Year (03/15/2016 – 03/15/2017)
I Know First Average: 101.03%
8. Swing Trading Strategies Reach Over 76% in 1 Year
I Know First's algorithmic indicators can be used to backtest various short term trading strategies. The top strategy had yielded up to a 55.19% alpha above the S&P500 Index, from January, 2016 till March 1st, 2017. Read the full trade report for a more detailed analysis with charts and graphs, depicting a high reward to risk payoff with low Betas and high Sharpe Ratios.
9. Yahoo Finance Features I Know First
Article Summaries
Westfield's Andy Cook (top right), Gary's Karen Freeman-Wilson, Indianapolis' Greg Ballard and Noblesville's John Ditslear. (Photo: File photos)
One might assume the mayors of the biggest Indiana cities would be paid the highest salaries. Larger city, more employees, more responsibilities, more problems — more money.
But it doesn't work that way.
Greg Ballard, mayor of the state's largest city — by far — is just the 8th highest paid mayor in the state. In fact, mayors in cities nearly 10 times as small make more money than Ballard.
At the top of the list is Gary Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson, a former state attorney general and Harvard Law School graduate elected in 2011 as the the first black woman mayor in the state.
Fishers' first mayor-elect, Scott Fadness, who takes office Jan. 1, is not on the list. Their salary has not yet been approved but their proposed pay would rank them third highest in the state.
Three of the top 10 highest-paid mayors are from Indianapolis suburbs, not including Fadness. But an honorable mention goes not to a mayor, but a town manager, who makes more than any mayor.
Thomas DeGuilo, administrator of Munster — population 23,413 — makes $135,965 a year.
These are the 16-highest paid mayors in the state:
Gary Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson. (Photo: Star file)
1. Gary Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson
Salary per year: $129,922.
Took office: 2012.
Gary population: 79,170.
Size rank: ninth.
City employees: 1,100.
Income per person (per capita): $15,764.
Fort Wayne Mayor Tom Henry. (Photo: City of Fort Wayne)
2. Fort Wayne Mayor Thomas Henry
Salary per year: $127,289.
Took office: 2008.
Fort Wayne population: 254,555.
Size rank: second.
City employees: 2,000.
Income per person: $23,585.
Carmel Mayor James Brainard. (Photo: Star file)
3. Carmel Mayor James Brainard
Salary per year: $118,673.
Took office: 1994.
Carmel population: 83,656.
Size rank: fifth.
City employees: 525.
Income per person: $52,068.
RELATED: 5 takeaways from Carmel mayor's State of City talk
Westfield Mayor Andy Cook (Photo: Star file)
4. Westfield Mayor Andy Cook
Salary per year: $108,200.
Took office: 2008.
Westfield population.33,382.
Size rank: 26th.
City employees: 215.
Income per person: $35,921.
MORE: Grand Park puts Westfield on map as a metro player
South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg. (Photo: City of South Bend)
5. South Bend Mayor Peter Buttigieg
Salary per year: $104,847.
Took office: 2012.
South Bend population: 100,800.
Size rank: fourth.
Income per person: $19,064
City employees: 1,100.
Hammond Mayor Thomas McDermott. (Photo: City of Hammond)
6. Hammond Mayor Thomas McDermott
Salary per year: $104,436.
Took office: 2008.
Hammond population: 80,830.
Size rank: eighth.
Income per person: $18,148.
City employees: 600.
Noblesville Mayor John Ditslear. (Photo: Star file)
7. Noblesville Mayor John Ditslear
Salary per year: $104,340.
Took office: 2004.
Noblesville population: 55,075.
Size rank: 15th.
Income per person: $30.757.
City employees: 360.
Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard. (Photo: Star file)
8. Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard
Salary per year: $102,620.
Took office: 2008.
Indianapolis population: 834,852.
Size rank: first.
Income per person: $24,182.
Employees: 6,800.
MORE: Mayor Greg Ballard pushes urban revival in Indianapolis
Evansville Mayor Lloyd Winnecke. (Photo: Evansville mayor's office)
9. Evansville Mayor Lloyd Winnecke
Salary per year: $98,562.
Took office: 2012.
Evansville population: 120,235.
Size rank: third.
Income per person: $21,143.
City employees: 1,100.
Bloomington Mayor Mark Kruzan. (Photo: City of Bloomington )
10. Bloomington Mayor Mark Kruzan
Salary per year: $95,464.
Took office: 2004.
Bloomington population: 80,963.
Size rank: sixth.
Income per person: $18,909.
City employees: 650.
Others: Fishers Mayor-elect Scott Fadness, $125,000 (proposed) Columbus Mayor Kristen Brown, $85,119; Anderson Mayor Kevin Smith, $84,636; Whiting Mayor Joseph Stahura, $76,887; Muncie Mayor Dennis Tyler, $70,294; Kokomo Mayor Greg Goodnight, $79,752; Greenwood Mayor Mark Myers, $74,494.
Source: Star research.
Call Star reporter John Tuohy at (317) 444-6418. Follow them on Twitter: @john_tuohy.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1ug6wTs
Good Smile Company Accepting Marth Nendoroid Pre-Orders
By Jenni . September 28, 2015 . 8:27pm
Another Nintendo character is being immortalized as a Nendoroid. Good Smile Company is preparing a Fire Emblem: New Mystery of the Emblem ~Heroes of Light and Shadow~ Marth Nendoroid for a March 2016 release. Pre-orders are now being accepted for the figure through the company's online shop.
The Marth Nendoroid includes a number of additional parts. They include two faces, one smiling and one shouting. They can pose with a shield, and comes with three different swords. (Perhaps in the event of durability issues?) People can pose them with the iron sword, rapier, or Exalted Falchion. An optional slashing effect piece is also included.
Marth Nendoroid pre-orders will be accepted until October 28.  They are priced at ¥4,500 (~$38).
The Million Dollar Corner on the day of sale, December 6, 1911
Another view
The building in 2010
The Million Dollar Corner is a small plot adjacent to Macy's at 34th Street and Broadway in New York City which sold for a then record million dollars on December 6, 1911.[1]
The five-story building on that corner had been purchased by Robert H. Smith in 1900 for $375,000—an enormous sum at the time, equivalent to $11.3 million in 2019. The idea had been to obstruct Macy's from becoming the largest store in the world. It is largely supposed that Smith, who was a neighbor of the Macy's store on 14th Street, was acting on behalf of Siegel-Cooper, which had built what they thought was the world's largest store on Sixth Avenue in 1896. Macy's ignored the tactic and built around the building, which now carries Macy's "shopping bag" sign (proclaiming Macy's the "world's largest store") by lease arrangement.[2]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Expect the Red Wings playoff streak to end this season, especially if they don't start giving more ice time to their best players.
THN is rolling out its 2016-17 Team Previews daily, in reverse order of 2015-16 overall finish, until the start of the season.
THN's Prediction: 5th in Atlantic
Stanley Cup odds: 32-1
Key additions: Frans Nielsen, C; Thomas Vanek, LW; Steve Ott, C
Key departures: Pavel Datsyuk, C; Brad Richards, C; Kyle Quincey, D; Joakim Andersson, C
THREE QUESTIONS:
-Does the playoff streak end this year? Yes, 25 years will be the capper. The Red Wings have simply lost too much top-end talent the past few years, and Pavel Datsyuk's Russian retirement surely seals their fate. Without Datsyuk, Detroit returns just one player who tallied more than 45 points last year: captain Henrik Zetterberg (a team-leading 50 points). Thomas Vanek sure isn't going to move mountains, and Frans Nielsen's impact will be more in the two-way department. Plus, Tomas Jurco may start the season on the shelf while recovering from a back injury – and they were a guy they needed to make a leap this year.
-Who will be the most effective defenseman? With Niklas Kronwall's career on the wrong side of a tipping point, it might be Danny DeKeyser. The Red Wings had incredibly stratified usage when it came to their blueline last year, and DeKeyser played the toughest minutes of all. Second place went to Kyle Quincey, but he's gone. At least one more salvageable season from Kronwall would go a very long way, but they already have a knee problem that kept them from the World Cup.
-What can we expect from Dylan Larkin? Continued ascent, for sure. Larkin labored in the second half of their rookie campaign, and coming off one year in college (where the game schedule is light) may have been a factor. But now the splendid young center knows what to expect, and the speed they used as jet fuel during all-star weekend festivities will be used even more effectively thanks to a full summer of training. Once Larkin really takes hold, he's the offensive heir apparent to the outgoing Zetterberg/Datsyuk alliance.
Player projections are based off a three-year version of Game Score (which you can read about here) weighted by recency and repeatability and then translated to its approximate win value (Game Score Value Added or GSVA). Team strength was derived from the combined value of every player's GSVA on a team. The season was then simulated 10,000 times factoring in team strength, opponent strength and rest.
BY DOMINIK LUSZCZYSZYN
This team was once the model franchise, but they've been in a serious tailspin over the past few seasons, and with the departure of Pavel Datsyuk, continuing their playoff streak will be a tall order.
The biggest issue in Detroit is minute distribution. Too much ice-time is given to guys who don't really help the team and not enough is given to their best players.
Last season, Luke Glendening averaged 14:34 minutes per game while Tomas Tatar averaged 14:21. Some might argue that Tatar wasn't producing enough to earn more minutes (what's Glendening's excuse?), but their 5-on-5 points per 60 stayed constant from the 2014-15 to 2015-16 season and their primary points per 60 actually increased. He's also one of the team's best play drivers. Glendening doesn't produce or drive play, but somehow earned more ice-time. That simply shouldn't be happening.
That's not all. Gustav Nyquist, one of the team's best offensive threats, was getting middle-six ice-time while Justin Abdelkader, a third-liner on any other team, got first line minutes. On defense, Brendan Smith was the team's 6th or 7th D-man on most nights, despite being the team's best play-driving D-man. That possession ability translated into the team's highest 5-on-5 goals percentage, but who cares about goals, right?
Here's a simple experiment showcasing just how inefficient Detroit's lineup structuring is. Let's pretend every team gave their best players (according to this model) the most ice-time and their worst the least. Their best player would get an average No. 1 forward ice-time, their second best an average No. 2 and so on. This would create an “optimal” lineup according to Game Score, with the difference between their actual lineup showing how efficient it is.
Here are the results of that (which don't factor if a 13th forward or 7th D-man are better than someone else in the lineup). Detroit is last. By a lot.
This model is by no means perfect, but if you've been tracking each of these previews you'd see it generally does a decent job of valuing the best players on each team. That's not to say this is how every lineup should be constructed, there are other things to consider like chemistry, fatigue and effort level. But when a team is as inefficient as the Red Wings, it's definitely a problem worth looking into.
Detroit likely doesn't make the playoffs this year, and if their ice-time deployment is anything like last year's they'll only have themselves to blame.
Up next: Nashville Predators
Previously: Toronto Maple Leafs | Edmonton Oilers | Vancouver Canucks | Columbus Blue Jackets | Calgary Flames | Winnipeg Jets | Arizona Coyotes | Buffalo Sabres | Montreal Canadiens | Colorado Avalanche | New Jersey Devils | Ottawa Senators | Carolina Hurricanes | Boston Bruins
President Trump's relationship with Congress has become more and more strained as they struggle to find legislative wins. Now he's going after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), a key leader in their own party. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
President Trump on Wednesday took a shot at Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), pointedly asking on Twitter why congressional Republicans had failed after seven years of promises to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Trump's tweet came two days after McConnell vented at a Rotary Club meeting in Kentucky that Trump's lack of political experience had created “excessive expectations” for passing major legislation.
“Senator Mitch McConnell said I had ‘excessive expectations,' but I don't think so,” Trump wrote. “After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done?”
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017
Trump's tweet was sent from Bedminster, N.J., where they are on a 17-day working vacation at their private golf club.
The back-and-forth was the latest sign of strained relations between Trump and Republicans in Congress, who have had few victories since January, despite the GOP's control of the White House and both the House and Senate.
Since the collapse of a health-care bill, Trump has belittled GOP senators as looking as "fools" and suggested they change the chamber's rules to make it easier to pass bills.
President Trump listens during the unveiling of legislation that would place new limits on legal immigration in the Roosevelt Room of the White House. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
In an earlier tweet Wednesday, Dan Scavino Jr., the White House social media director, also took aim at McConnell.
“More excuses,” wrote Scavino, an outspoken Trump loyalist. “@SenateMajLdr must have needed another 4 years — in addition to the 7 years — to repeal and replace Obamacare.....”
More excuses. @SenateMajLdr must have needed another 4 years - in addition to the 7 years -- to repeal and replace Obamacare..... https://t.co/6FOVBm6BQU — Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) August 9, 2017
In their remarks on Monday to the Rotary Club of Florence, Ky., McConnell said, “Our new president had of course not been in this line of work before.” They added: “I think they had excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process.”
McConnell said people think Congress is underperforming partly because “artificial deadlines, unrelated to the reality of the complexity of legislating, may not have been fully understood.”
CLEVELAND, Ohio - The Cuyahoga County Board of Elections and other county boards will celebrate National Voter Registration Day with nonpartisan voter registration efforts.
More than 20 organizations throughout Greater Cleveland have joined together to provide voter registration opportunities and educational events across the area.
To be eligible to vote in the Nov. 7 election, you must be registered to vote at least 30 days before the election. Absentee and in-person voting begins Oct. 11.
People can also register to vote online at myohiovote.com.
Here is a listing of local events.
Voter Registration Drive Thru: 10:30 a.m. - 2 p.m., Cuyahoga County Board of Elections 2925 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland.
Inscripcion con Sazon--Drive-thru: 10:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m., Hispanic Alliance, 3110 West 25th Street, Cleveland.
East Cleveland Voter Registration Drive: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., East Cleveland Library, 14101 Euclid Avenue.
Asia Plaza Voter Registration Drive: 10 a.m., 2999 Payne Avenue, Cleveland.
Voter Registration Drive: 8 a.m., St. Agnes + Our Lady Of Fatima Church Schubert Hall, 6800 Lexington Avenue, Cleveland.
RTA Rotunda at Tower City Center: 3:30 - 6 p.m.
Voter Registration at Cleveland Public Libraries: During library hours at all . branch locations: cpl.org/locations/
Register at Rocky River Public Library: 9 a.m., Rocky River Public Library, 1600 Hampton Road.
Register at Willoughby Public Library: 9:15 a.m. Willoughby Public Library, 30 Public Square, Willoughby.
Voter Registration at Heights High School: 2:15 p.m., Heights High School, 13263 Cedar Road, Cleveland Heights.
Metro West Ice Cream Social: Noon, Metro West Community Development Office, 3167 Fulton Avenue, Cleveland.
Voter Education Forum for Justice Involved Individuals: 5:30 - 7 p.m., North Star Reentry Community Resource Center, 1834 East 55th Street., Cleveland.
Voter Registration: 8 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. ADAMHS board lobby, 2012 West 25th Street., 6th Floor, Cleveland.
Spread the love
In what sounds like a scene from the latest Paranormal Activity film, three friends were rushed to a hospital after allegedly becoming ‘possessed' by evil spirits while playing with a Ouija board.
For those of you who don't know, a Ouija board — also known as a spirit board or talking board — is a flat board marked with letters, symbols, numbers, the words ‘yes', ‘no', ‘hello' and ‘goodbye' and is used to communicate with ‘spirits'.
So, how did these friends allegedly end up possessed? Here's what happened:
Alexandra Huerta, 22, was playing the game with their brother Sergio, 23, and 18-year-old cousin Fernando Cuevas at a house in the village of San Juan Tlacotenco in south-west Mexico.
But minutes into it, they apparently started ‘growling' and thrashing around in a ‘trance-like' state.
Meanwhile, Sergio and Fernando also reportedly started showing signs of ‘possession', including feelings of blindness, deafness and hallucinations.
Paramedics were called to the house and took the trio to hospital, according to Alexandra's parents.
They restrained Alexandra to prevent them from hurting herself, before treating the three with painkillers, anti-stress medication and eye drops, which seemingly worked.
Victor Demesa, 46, the director of public safety in the nearby town of Tepoztlan, said: ‘The medical rescue of these three young people was very complicated.
‘They had involuntary movements and it was difficult to transfer them to the nearest hospital because they were so erratic.
‘It appeared as if they were in a trance-like state, apparently after playing with the Ouija board.
‘They spoke of feeling numbness, double vision, blindness, deafness, hallucinations, muscle spasm and difficulty swallowing.'
They added that whether the trio were really possessed, or had simply convinced themselves that they were, was not for doctors to comment on.
Alexandra's parents said they had called paramedics after a local Catholic priest refused to perform an exorcism on the three because they were not regular churchgoers.
Onlookers filmed Alexandra being restrained and transported to the hospital.
Check out the video below. Do you think they were actually ‘possessed'? Do you believe in spirits?
[via Mail Online]
THE former head of the counterterrorism unit ­believes Australians fighting in Syria could become the equivalent of sleeper cells when they return home, waiting years to strike.
Peter Dein retired from the NSW Police Force last week after 41 years, ending their career as an assistant commissioner leading the fight against terrorism as boss of the NSW counterterrorism unit.
They echoed the concerns of other terror experts that the increasing number of Australians going to fight in areas such as Syria greatly increased the threat of an attack here.
media_camera Retired head of the NSW counterterrorism unit Peter Dein / Picture: John Fotiadis
But the qualified barrister warned that the threat of returning foreign fighters could remain for many years to come.
In 2005, nine Sydney men were convicted of ­plotting a terror attack after it was discovered that they were buying bomb-making components and believed to be ready to launch a terrorist attack.
“It is history repeating itself. Some of those convicted terrorists had fought overseas many years before.
“We are not talking about coming back and doing something bad in the next few months. They obtained skills in the late '90s and planned their attacks in 2005.
media_camera Peter Dein during their time as a police officer / Picture: Supplied
“This (current threat) is not going to go away for years,” they said.
However, Mr Dein was loathe to use the term sleeper cells because “that is some one who has an intent to do something in the future. The returning foreign fighter may not have any plans but later something sparks them to act.”
During their six years working in counterterrorism, the retired assistant commissioner said it was often Sydney's own Muslim community that helped keep the peace.
“When radical groups come out saying some of the most provocative things, it is the Muslim community itself that very often howls them down the loudest.''
Mr Dein joined the force in 1973 when there was no such thing as a terrorism unit and started at Campsie police station before becoming a detective in 1979.
They worked on some of the city's most high-profile cases, including the kidnapping and murder of Kerry Whelan in 1997.
“That is still one of the saddest cases of my career. I think kidnap and ransom is one of the cruellest crimes. especially when in this case the body of the loved one is not found.''
The one major low point in their four decades with the police force was the royal commission into police corruption in 1996.
“We had to have it but it tarnished the reputation of detectives to the point where some young police officers didn't want to join the detective ranks.
“Peter Ryan helped restore the name of the detectives. The structure was torn down and rebuilt into what we have now and I believe NSW is in very good hands,” they said.
It is remarkable that a stern warning about the scale of the threat posed to the United States by Syria's civil war has gone practically unnoticed. Is U.S. President Barack Obama's administration stumbling toward the abyss?
Earlier this month, the Wall Street Journal reported that, according to the CIA's deputy director, Michael Morell, “Syria's volatile mix of al-Qaida extremism and civil war now poses the greatest threat to U.S. national security” — indeed, “probably the most important issue in the world today.”
By contrast, Morell described the Iranian regime's “merging of … nuclear ambitions with its desire to be a hegemonic power in the Middle East” as a mere “cause for concern.” Morell, who is preparing to step down from the CIA soon, has little reason to dissemble.
Just two months ago, in mid-June, when the Syrian crisis was the focus of international attention and the subject of heated policy debate, such a statement by a senior administration official would have drawn strong reactions from several quarters. But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of an al-Qaida terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations.
The apparent (and deceptive) lull in the fighting in Syria has contributed to this shift. After the government's military achievements in Quseir and Homs, there has been some tactical regrouping by the opposition. Both sides are trading minor blows as they prepare for a major round of fighting in Aleppo, Syria's largest city, now held by the opposition. Overall, and despite the regime's recent victories, the fighting remains at a stalemate.
So this is a convenient time for the international community to look away from a crisis that seems to have no good solutions. But this does not diminish the gravity of what is happening in Syria, or lessen the seriousness of Morell's warning.
As Morell put it, the most acute danger is that a regime with a large stockpile of weapons of mass destruction will be supplanted by a regime affiliated with, or dominated by, al-Qaida. Pointing to the inflow of jihadis, Morell said that Syria's “current track is toward the collapse of its central government,” after which it would replace Pakistan as al-Qaida's preferred haven.
Morrell thus placed themselves squarely within one of the two principal schools of thought in the policy debate on Syria (a debate that is articulated almost exclusively in geopolitical terms and ignores humanitarian issues).
One school regards Syria primarily as a theater of battle against al-Qaida and other extremists. Its adherents, preoccupied with the prospect of a jihadi takeover in Syria, argue (sometimes implicitly and sometimes explicitly) that the U.S. and its allies must not support or intervene on the side of the rebels and, in fact, should view Bashar Assad's regime as the lesser evil.
Those who fear a jihadi takeover cite recent events in Sinai. Just a few days ago, Israel closed its airport in Eilat after receiving a warning that jihadis in Sinai planned to attack it with rockets. This, it is argued, is only a dress rehearsal for what can be expected in a post-Assad Syria.
The other school of thought does not take this scenario lightly. Nonetheless, it argues that a victory in Syria by a coalition of Russia, Iran, Hezbollah, and Assad's regime would pose an even greater danger. Moreover, in the event of the Assad regime's fall, there would be plenty of ways to deal with the jihadi groups in Syria.
But the most appropriate response to Morell's statement is that the U.S. does not necessarily have to choose between two sharply defined options. Yes, Syria's secular opposition is weak and divided, while the jihadis are more dynamic; but jihadi supremacy in the event of an opposition victory is not inevitable. The U.S. and its allies should conduct a robust policy, make a more significant investment in the secular opposition, and articulate clear goals.
In June, Obama announced that Assad's regime had used chemical weapons against its own population and had thus crossed their administration's “red line.” But no coherent action or policy followed this powerful statement. For Obama, Syria's fate simply does not seem urgent; but when the decisive battle for Aleppo begins, it may be too late. Morell's warnings may yet be vindicated — by default, if not by design.
Itamar Rabinovich, a former ambassador of Israel to the United States (1993-1996), currently is based at Tel Aviv University, New York University, and the Brookings Institution. © 2013 Project Syndicate
Album Notes
On amandla's third record by Ween veteran drummer Claude Coleman Jr, they keep it true to its broad universe of styles. Laughing Hearts is a deeply multi-textural stew, going from pop rock to blues, R&B, funk, and alt-country, with a unique wit of writing craft and a modern approach. The sounds conjure up moods of romanticism, psychedelia, positivity and charm with an underlying current of soulfulness. From the summer pop anthem of Summer Deep to the brooding drama of Forever For Always, reviews are calling it "a masterpiece", and again features Coleman performing on all instruments, engineering and producing.
Much like it's predecessor The Full Catastrophe - reviewed as 'a minor masterpiece' - Laughing Hearts was created during a period of personal collapse for the veteran Ween drummer, followed by relocation, resettling and regrowth. Recorded in studios across the country, it is a portrayal of journeys and landscapes, and the discoveries of new truths. It is their strongest record to date and has garnered raving early reviews. Guests on Laughing Hearts include Kirk Kirkwood and Mike Dillon.
Laughing Hearts is the third record released for amandla, and was released on Valentine's Day, 2017. amandla's first two records were independently released to critical acclaim; the last release The Full Catastrophe, was a record almost cut short by a near-fatal car accident and took four years to finish, following a miraculous recovery featured on national news. The record has garnered reviews such as ‘A minor masterpiece'.
Currently amandla is performing dates throughout the year in support of Laughing Hearts, bringing its sounds and styles to eager listeners worldwide.
DENVER -- Louis van Gaal hailed the footballing intelligence of Wayne Rooney after the Manchester United forward scored two goals and made another for Juan Mata in a 3-2 win against Roma.
After speaking on Friday about their philosophy of training their players "not in the legs, but in the brain," the Dutchman pinpointed Rooney's 40-yard ball to set up Mata's lobbed finish, which put United 2-0 ahead.
"The pass of Rooney to Mata -- it was unbelievable, that pass," Van Gaal said. "He did it with their brain and Mata was running with their brain at the right moment."
Rooney was at the heart of a first-half performance that saw United overcome some shaky defensive moments to race into a 3-0 lead by the interval. The England striker opened the scoring with a magnificent curling strike from 30 yards and, following Mata's goal, converted a penalty after Danny Welbeck was fouled by Urby Emanuelson.
Rooney took their pre-season tally to four goals in two games with a double strike vs. Roma.
However, although United were victorious in the opening game of their International Champions Cup campaign, Van Gaal was disappointed that Roma were able to fight back, which caused United to hang on to a one-goal advantage in the closing minutes.
"In the second half, we have got to keep the ball in possession because when you are 3-0 ahead, the only thing you have to do is to keep the ball in possession," said Van Gaal. "The opponent has to run and run and run and the gaps shall come."
That last season's Serie A runners-up were able to close the gap was also due to the conditions in which both sides were made to play -- the game was stopped in both halves for a water break.
Having complained before the game about the local kickoff time of 2 p.m., Van Gaal returned to the theme following its conclusion.
"I think we didn't play a good match because of the height of the stadium, the air, because all my good passers failed today. I think the system works and the players adapt but, because of [the conditions], maybe these are excuses but I don't believe when you see Mata play or [Ander] Herrera, that these are the best passers -- and also [Shinji] Kagawa -- they are the best passers and everything went wrong. It is in the air, I believe."
Van Gaal said they didn't think the crowd of 54,117 in attendance saw the best of their side and added that, had the game started later in the day, that United may have performed better.
- Rooney scores twice in Man United win
- Van Gaal: No problem with Zaha
Meanwhile, defender Chris Smalling echoed their manager's assessment of the overall performance.
"I think at times we were a bit sloppy and we need to work on that and tidy that up," said the defender, who was substituted along with eight others at halftime.
For the second straight game, Van Gaal deployed a three-man defence and Smalling spoke about the challenges brought about by the unfamiliar alignment.
"It's a lot to learn but we're enjoying it. it's a lot of responsibility to go out and attack as a centre-half," Smalling said. "[Van Gaal] wants us to play nice and aggressive and I like to think that's my game. Communication is massive because you have to shift across and work into the space."
United travel to Washington, D.C., next for a meeting on Tuesday against Inter Milan and Smalling is keen to continue to impress their new manager.
"We're all trying to impress him, whether it's in training or around the hotel," Smalling said. "He's a man who invites a lot of respect for what he's done and what he's like."
Police brutality, soliciting a male prostitute, retaliation, sexual harassment, discrimination among accusations against police force in courts.
Frederick Walz, shown in 2008, says they were demoted after discovering that the police director in 2009 solicited a prostitute. (Photo: ~FILE PHOTO) Story Highlights A Plainfield business person says two cops attacked them last year.
Two police officers claim the city retaliated after they investigated the police director on suspicion of soliciting a prostitute.
The police union president and a lieutenant are suing each other over a confrontation.
In a city where the former mayor reportedly shouted "I am the (expletive) mayor!" in City Hall, a police officer now is accused of making their own vulgar pronouncement: "We are the cops. We run (expletive) around here."
The alleged remark by Officer Michael Black is quoted in a Superior Court lawsuit filed this summer in Elizabeth by a Plainfield business person who said they were accosted and attacked by two undercover cops last year for "appearing suspicious."
The lawsuit is just one among nearly a half-dozen legal complaints that the city and its Police Division are defending against or have recently settled.
All but one of the complaints have been filed by current or former police employees, including two cases in which officers claimed they were retaliated against after blowing the whistle on the then-police director's attempt to hire a male prostitute. That police director, Martin Hellwig, was never charged with a crime and faced internal discipline only for misusing police equipment.
In addition to the litigation, several police officials have been criminally charged in the past four years, adding to the image of a police organization beset by internal strife and misbehavior.
News of the lawsuits, details of which are being reported on for the first time, comes as the 133-officer division tries to forge better ties with the community in the wake of the national protests and unrest following grand jury decisions in police shootings of unarmed black men in Ferguson, Missouri, and Staten Island, New York.
Police Director Carl Riley, who assumed control of the department this year with the election of Mayor Adrian Mapp, declined to comment on pending litigation or events that transpired before they took over the force.
"We must forget the past, learn from it and move forward," Riley said Thursday evening to a crowd gathered at a police-community forum at Shiloh Baptist Church.
RELATED: After paying $2.5M in sex lawsuits, Middlesex sheriff facing another
At the same forum, Mapp spoke highly of the Police Division, saying "they are doing a wonderful job" and "are the best that any community could ask for."
Afterward, they told MyCentralJersey.com that they have considered and declined to endorse any plan to implement a civilian review board to adjudicate citizen complaints against police, saying there is no need.
Prostitution investigation
One of the pending lawsuits against the city is by Jeffrey Walz, who was demoted from sergeant in 2010, a year after reporting what they believed was an attempt by Hellwig to meet with a male prostitute.
Walz said they found a three-page email printout of an exchange between Hellwig and the masseuse in the center console of a police vehicle on July 22, 2009. The emails were in response to a Craigslist ad and had the subject "Re: Hook-up."
In the emails, Hellwig describes themselves as a 55-year-old with "a very nice body with athletic build," 5-foot-11 and "smooth."
"Available within your time," they say. "Could be in area in half hour or so."
Three minutes later, the masseuse replies: "cool would enjoy giving u a massage the donation is 80 would u like a appointment."
"Yes. Is 1:15 OK?" Hellwig replies on June 8. That appointment appears to fall apart, so the messages continue several days later, with the two settling on anytime up to 2 p.m. on June 18. The masseuse gives Hellwig a North Caldwell address with instructions on where to park. "And it is 80 cash only and tips are always welcome."
Buy Photo Martin Hellwig was suspended from their job as police director for three days -- but not for soliciting a prostitute. (Photo: FILE)
It is not clear if Hellwig ever met with the man because their vehicle broke down on the way to North Caldwell and had to be towed, according to Walz's July 27, 2009, report, which they submitted to Capt. Edward Santiago.
According to Walz's lawsuit, Santiago then called the State Police Political Corruption Unit to conduct an investigation and the division's internal affairs unit, which reportedly looked into the complaint in February 2010.
As a result of the internal affairs investigation,Walz was issued a notice of disciplinary action suspending them for 90 days on Aug. 2, 2010, and demoting them from sergeant to police officer, the lawsuit says.
Capt. Michael Gilliam also investigated the Hellwig incident and says they were demoted to sergeant as a result, according to their own lawsuit alleging violations of the state Whistleblower Act.
The city settled with Gilliam last year. In exchange for Gilliam dropping the lawsuit, the city promoted them back to captain, gave them the difference in pay since their demotion, dropped all administrative charges against them and paid their attorneys $27,500 in legal fees.
Gilliam retired a year later in May with a $91,600 annual public pension.
Reached at home Wednesday, Hellwig declined to respond to any allegations in particular.
"That's their interpretation, not mine," they said about Walz's and Gilliam's claims.
In 2010, then-Mayor Sharon Robinson-Briggs suspended Hellwig for three days for improper use of a city computer. City officials made no mention of the prostitution allegations, which also were not reported in the mainstream press, although they were discussed on local blogs.
When asked about the case on Dec. 11, Mapp said Hellwig should have faced a "harsher punishment."
"It should have been handled differently by the city, county and the state," they said.
Hellwig collects a $59,369 annual public pension for their 1996 retirement from the Verona police.
Plainfield PBA President Andre Crawford delivering donations in 2003.  They are suing a police lieutenant, who in turn is suing him. (Photo: ~FILE PHOTO)
Excessive force complaint
In their lawsuit, Derron Appleton, 27, a city resident and real estate investor, said they were meeting with two prospective clients in front of a home on Johnston Avenue at about 3:30 p.m. Nov. 17, 2013. When they returned to their car, an unmarked police cruiser pulled up and two men, whom Appleton did not know where police, approached in "a menacing manner."
"At that moment, and without cause or consent by Appleton, Officer Eric Groething opened the door to Appleton's vehicle, reached inside, physically grabbed Appleton and forcefully removed them from their vehicle in the presence of the investors and others in the area.
RELATED: Central Jersey police departments uphold just 1% of excessive force complaints
"Appleton tried to plead with Groething to understand what was happening," but Groething "violently" turned Appelton around and slammed them against the cruiser. Black, meanwhile, was questioning the women to whom Appleton had been speaking. When Black returned, Appleton asked them for an explanation, to which Black allegedly replied: "We are the cops. We run (expletive) around here."
Appleton's attorney, Maged W. Hanna of Craner, Satkin, Scheer & Schwartz, of Scotch Plains, declined to comment further on the case Dec. 12 but said that the city's motion to dismiss the lawsuit was unsuccessful.
Appleton was charged with obstruction and ticketed for having an air freshener hanging from their rear-view mirror. The obstruction charge was dismissed in Municipal Court.
An attorney for the city did not return a request for comment.
At the community forum on Dec. 11, Lt. Troy Edwards, without referencing the lawsuit, said dealing with these sorts of complaints about "bad encounters with police officers" is "what my job is" as head of the division's internal affairs unit.
"I want to dispel a rumor," they told the crowd of 200 people. "There is a prejudice about police that we all cover up for each other, that we take care of one another, blue wall, whatever. That does not exist in the Plainfield Police Division and it will not exist as long as I work there — and I have some say about it."
Union president sues
The president of the city's police union, meanwhile, is in court over dueling lawsuits involving Lt. Jeffrey Plum.
Crawford sued last year in Superior Court, claiming that in February, they saw Plum, while off duty, "kissing and otherwise acting unprofessionally and inappropriately with a subordinate, Melissa Howell."
Crawford said Plum retaliated by filing a hostile workplace complaint against him. Crawford says they also are transferred to a less desirable shift, resulting in "emotional distress, significant reduction in overtime, unwanted change in schedule requiring them to work certain holidays, being the subject of ridicule by fellow officers and suffering embarrassment before the community."
In their countersuit, Plum denies the allegations and says Crawford placed their arm around their neck, pulled them into an office and began yelling at them for a reason not explained in the complaint. Plum said they attempted to leave, but Crawford blocked him.
Plum says Crawford filed a false report to superiors, alleging that Plum engaged in illegal and improper conduct. Plum says Crawford's lawsuit is "baseless, contains false allegations and was filed against the plaintiff for the sole purpose of harassing the plaintiff and forcing the plaintiff to respond to the lawsuit."
Plum says they have filed numerous internal complaints against Crawford and that one was found to have merit but "no detrimental action was taken against Crawford nor was action taken regarding other complaints."
Plum, meanwhile, was the subject of another lawsuit filed by a black female police aide in 2011 who claimed that they retaliated against them when they refused to do tasks they believed did not adhere to proper procedure. Sharon Williams, who no longer is employed by the city, said Plum treated them differently because of their race.
The city last year settled their lawsuit by paying for $145,000.
The Crawford and Plum lawsuits and settlement were first uncovered by Libertarian Party activist John Paff, who posted the court documents on their website.
Policing Plainfield police
Since 2010, a number of Plainfield police officials have faced criminal charges:
Sgt. Leslie Knight and Lt. James Abney: In September, the Union County Prosecutor's Office charged the pair with stealing a combined total of $11,000 in padded overtime and extra-duty shifts that they allegedly never worked. Each was suspended.
Sgt. Samuel Woody: Charged in 2012 with coercing a woman into performing a sexual act on themselves while they masturbated, they were sentenced in April to six years in prison.
Sgt. Wilfred "Toby" Whitley: They were charged in 2010 with soliciting prostitution. They retired last year with a $71,784 annual public pension.
Officer David Thomas: A Union County jury in 2010 convicted them of second-degree insurance fraud after filing a false $3,300 claim for a computer they said was stolen from their home. Thomas lost their job and state pension.
Officer Martesse Gilliam: The son of Michael Gilliam was charged in 2010 with driving while intoxicated, aggravated assault on a police officer, resisting arrest and obstruction of justice after an alleged fight outside a Bloomfield bar. An Essex County jury in 2012 found them not guilty of assault. Gilliam last year sued Bloomfield police over the incident, alleging police brutality. The lawsuit is pending.
Read or Share this story: http://mycj.co/1AwOeh0
Editor's Note: We published this analysis about Inspire, a magazine by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula that has in fact inspired several terrorist plots, on March 21, 2013. The magazine has increased in stature after the revelation that the alleged Boston Marathon bombers apparently relied on the publication when planning their attack.
By Scott Stewart
Vice President of Analysis
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula released the 10th edition of its English-language magazine, Inspire, on March 1. After discussing its contents with our analytical team, initially I decided not to write about it. I concluded that Inspire 10 conformed closely to the previous nine editions and that our analysis of the magazine, from its inception to its re-emergence after the death of editor Samir Khan, was more than adequate.
Since making that decision, however, I have been very surprised at how the media and other analysts have received the magazine. Some have overhyped the magazine even as others have downplayed — even ridiculed — its content. I have heard others say the magazine revealed nothing about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. All these reactions are misguided. So in response, I've endeavored to provide a more balanced assessment that can be placed in a more appropriate perspective.
A Balanced Assessment
I am certainly not among those who want to sensationalize the threat the magazine poses. Inspire 10 is not going to launch the grassroots jihadist apocalypse al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula seeks to foment any more successfully than the magazine's previous nine editions. The fact that a photograph of Austin, Texas, appears in the magazine does not mean that the city is somehow being secretly targeted for attack by jihadist sleeper cells.
But laughing at the magazine or dismissing it as irrelevant would be imprudent. The magazine has in fact inspired several terrorist plots. In some cases, the connections to the magazine have been obvious, as in cases where plotters have attempted to assemble improvised explosive devices using instructions provided in Inspire magazine's first edition. This happened in July 2011, when U.S. Army Pfc. Naser Jason Abdo was arrested as they attempted to assemble explosive devices they planned to use in an attack against a restaurant in Killeen, Texas, that was popular with soldiers from nearby Fort Hood.
In November 2011, the New York Police Department arrested Jose Pimentel, also known as Muhammad Yusuf, a 27-year-old Dominican-American. Pimentel was arrested at an apartment in Manhattan as they were allegedly constructing homemade improvised explosive devices, again following the instructions provided in Inspire.
Other cases have not been as blatant as those involving Abdo and Pimentel. However, they have involved individuals who were radicalized or motivated by Inspire. As recently as March 15, three men in the United Kingdom pleaded guilty to terrorism charges related to attending terrorism training camps in Pakistan. The men allegedly were motivated by Inspire. They had discussed attack ideas from the magazine, and the wife of one of the men was convicted in December 2012 on charges of possessing two digital copies of the magazine on a memory card.
There are several other recent and notable cases connected to Inspire magazine.
On Nov. 29, 2012, two brothers from Florida, Raees Alam Qazi and Sheheryar Alam Qazi, were arrested and charged with plotting attacks in New York. Prosecutors noted that the pair had been motivated by Inspire magazine.
On Oct. 17, 2012, Bangladeshi national Quazi Nafis was arrested as part of an FBI sting operation after they attempted to detonate a vehicle bomb outside New York's Federal Reserve Bank. Nafis reportedly was an avid reader of Inspire magazine.
On Sept. 15, 2012, Adel Daoud, another avid Inspire reader, was arrested after they parked a Jeep Cherokee outside a Chicago bar and attempted to detonate the bomb they thought it contained. Theirs was also an FBI sting operation.
On April 25, 2012, four men were arrested in the British town of Luton and charged with plotting attacks against a British army base. The four were also charged with downloading and possessing six editions of Inspire magazine. They pleaded guilty March 1, 2013.
Target Audience
Some commentators have noted that most of the suspects arrested in connection with these plots were fairly hapless and clueless — the type of individuals we have long referred to as "Kramer jihadists." Though partly incompetent, these grassroots operatives are exactly the demographic al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is targeting for radicalization and mobilization.
Inspire seeks to reach amateur terrorists living in the West; professional terrorists already know how to create pipe bombs. For this reason, the magazine urges amateurs to undertake simple attacks rather than the complex attacks. Too often they find assistance from an FBI informant.
It is a grave error to dismiss Kramer jihadists and assume they pose no threat. They can indeed kill people if they heed the advice of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and conduct simple attacks that are within their capability. That is what Maj. Nidal Hasan did in Fort Hood in November 2009 and what Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad, also known as Carlos Bledsoe, did in June 2009. Both men were inspired to action by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
Kramer jihadists can also be deadly if they actually find a real terrorist, rather than a government informant, to assist or equip them. It is very important to remember that amateur, committed jihadists such as shoe bomber Richard Reid and underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab nearly succeeded in destroying an airliner.
Twenty years ago last month, I witnessed firsthand the dangers of discounting Kramer jihadists when I peered into a massive crater in the floor of the World Trade Center parking garage. The FBI had deemed those responsible for the attack too hapless to do much more than assassinate the leader of the Jewish Defense League in a midtown Manhattan hotel. And they were — until a trained terrorist operative traveled to New York and organized their efforts, enabling them to construct, deliver and detonate a massive 590-kilogram (1,300-pound) truck bomb.
I also take umbrage at those who snicker at the thought of grassroots jihadists lighting fires. As noted last month, I believe that fire is an underappreciated threat. Many people simply do not realize how deadly a weapon it can be, even though starting fires does not require sophisticated terrorist tradecraft.
Some Revelations
Despite claims to the contrary, Inspire 10 reveals much about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. Like all propaganda and political rhetoric, its assertions must not be taken at face value. But to claim that the magazine tells us nothing about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is simply lazy analysis.
Clearly, the concept of reaching out and attempting to radicalize and equip English-speaking jihadists was not something promoted only by Anwar al-Awlaki and Khan. English-speaking outreach has continued after their deaths. The group maintains that traveling to places such as Yemen for training is too dangerous.
That al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula continues to publish Inspire, which takes time and resources to produce, is also revelatory. The group has been under increased pressure over the past 18 months. The jihadists have been pushed back to their desert hideouts from much of the territory they conquered in southern Yemen. Yet despite these setbacks, they continue to devote resources to publishing Inspire, they have people with access to computers and the Internet, and they remain in contact with jihadists in other parts of the world, such as Pakistan and Mali.
The copyediting in Inspire 10 was also cleaner than the previous edition, which had a major typo on the front cover. The new editor, who uses the nom de guerre Yahya Ibrahim, has worked with Khan since the first edition of the magazine.  They are a native English speaker who is familiar with Western culture and idioms. Ibrahim was clearly influenced by Khan and has attempted to continue Khan's work, but they lack Khan's acerbic wit and irreverence. In Inspire 10, for example, Ibrahim attempts to replicate the insulting one-page "advertisements" that Khan included in earlier editions of the magazine — one in particular racially derided U.S. President Barack Obama — but they lack the bite and general snark of Khan. Inspire seems to be more serious and less edgy than when Khan was in charge. This may dull its appeal to its targeted audience.
Another thing we can ascertain from Inspire 10 is that, despite al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula's continued commitment to foment grassroots terrorism in the West, the group is clearly disappointed by the response it has gotten. The magazine has mobilized some jihadists but probably not as many as the group would like. Those who have been inspired have not been very successful in their attacks.
The Open Source Jihad section also continues to show the low view that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula's professional terrorist cadre has for grassroots operatives. They see them as not-so-exceptional individuals incapable of much more than simple attacks. Yet, since al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula lacks the ability to attack the West, the group must depend on these less than ideal individuals to do so for them.
In addition to what it reveals about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, Inspire 10 can also tell us some important things about what tactics we can expect the group to use and what locations we can expect it to target. Clearly the magazine continues to focus on targets in the West that have insulted the Prophet Mohammed. It revives the "the dust has not settled" theme from the first edition of the magazine and provides an updated hit list of individuals who have insulted Mohammed, including Terry Jones, the controversial Koran-burning pastor; Morris Sadek, who made a controversial film that disparaged Islam; and Stephane Charbonnier of the French magazine Charlie Hebdo.
We have seen several attacks and thwarted plots directed against these individuals in the past. In fact, in November 2011, Charlie Hebdo's office was completely destroyed by fire, which was started by the very type of accelerant and match attack promoted in Inspire 10. We believe we will continue to see grassroots plots against these targets.
Despite the weakening of the al Qaeda core group and the serious blows that regional franchises such as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and al Shabaab have suffered in recent months, jihadism continues to attract new adherents. And Inspire hopes to motivate and equip them to conduct attacks in the West.
CNNs from different viewpoints
Prerequisite: Basic neural networks
Matthew Kleinsmith Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 10, 2017
The theme of this post
The image
The filter
Since the filter fits in the image four times, we have four results
Here's how we applied the filter to each section of the image to yield each result
The equation view
Notice that the bias term, b, is the same for each section of the image. You can consider the bias as part of the filter, just like the weights (α, β, γ, δ) are part of the filter.
The compact equation view
The neural network view
The matrix multiplication view
The matrix above is a weight matrix, just like the ones from traditional neural networks. However, this weight matrix has two special properties:
The zeros shown in gray are untrainable. This means that they'll stay zero throughout the optimization process. Some of the weights are equal, and while they are trainable (i.e. changeable), they must remain equal. These are called “shared weights”.
The zeros correspond to the pixels that the filter didn't touch. Each row of the weight matrix corresponds to one application of the filter.
The dense neural network view
The gray connections correspond to the untrainable zeros. This graph is the same as the previous graph, except that it shows the untrainable zeros. This view helped me see the connection between traditional neural networks and CNNs.
A familiar diagram
According to a statement from the director general of the Office of Counterterrorism (OCST), the United Kingdom feels free to intercept communications transmitted via Facebook, Google, and other services because they aren't based in the country. The statement made in response to a lawsuit from Privacy International, the American Civil Liberties Union, and other privacy advocacy groups.
Privacy International summarizes the director general's 48-page statement with the following:
The distinction between ‘internal' and ‘external' communications is crucial. Under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (‘RIPA'), which regulates the surveillance powers of public bodies, ‘internal' communications may only be intercepted under a warrant which relates to a specific individual or address. These warrants should only be granted where there is some suspicion of unlawful activity. However, an individual's ‘external communications' may be intercepted indiscriminately, even where there are no grounds to suspect any wrongdoing.
By defining the use of ‘platforms' such as Facebook, Twitter and Google as ‘external communications', British residents are being deprived of the essential safeguards that would otherwise be applied to their communications - simply because they are using services that are based outside the UK. That might explain why UK intelligence agencies were able to gather images from intercepted video communications in an attempt to create a more powerful facial recognition system: they were simply collecting the "external communications" of the many people who used Yahoo and its video chat tools to stay in touch and, because this is the Internet, show off their dangly bits.
The director general's statement is full of specious arguments that are often trotted out when a government official is confronted with the sheer size of their surveillance apparatus. They say that information gathered by intelligence agencies in both the UK and the United States has prevented terrorist attacks, but such claims are often contested by independent organizations. They also try to defend rampant digital spying by comparing it to more traditional sleuthing:
I do not consider that intelligence in the form of (or that is derived from) communications and communications data is in some general sense more personal or private than those other forms of intelligence. For instance, if an eavesdropping device is covertly installed in a target's home it may record conversations between family members that are more intimate and personal than those that might be recorded if the target's telephone were to be intercepted (and this example becomes even clearer if, for instance, the telephone in question is only used by the target to contact their criminal associates).
The 48-page statement is worth reading in full if only because it's a prototypical example of the arguments government officials make about their intelligence programs, even as they systematically erode the privacy and personal liberty of citizens and anyone communicates with them. It also exposes for the first time, as the New York Times notes , the British government's rationale behind some of those programs. But the rest is just smoke and mirrors meant to deflect from the real issue.
[Image courtesy Leo Reynolds]
University of Detroit Mercy assistant men's lacrosse coach Chris Kolon has been named the interim head coach of the Titans, announced Director of Athletics Robert C. Vowels, Jr., on Monday.Kolon has been with the program since 2009 serving as the defensive coordinator and recruiting coordinator.Coach Kolon has led a defense that has been among the nation's leaders with Detroit leading the nation in caused turnovers per game in 2012 (10.47) and 2011 (11.63), while finishing tied for second in 2013 (10.0) and third in 2010 (10.47).He has been a part of the growth of lacrosse in Michigan with coaching stops at Michigan State, Detroit Country Day and Birmingham Seaholm, where they were as an assistant coach and defensive coordinator at all three programs.Coach Kolon is 1999 Rutgers University graduate who lettered for four years as a defenseman for the Scarlet Knights.Detroit announced last Friday that a search for a head coach would begin immediately.
I'll not mince words here; Evgenie Morozov has fundamentally changed how I see great swaths of the Internet. You might find that their scholarly text The Net Delusion: The Dark Side of Internet Freedom belabours the same few arguments (I did), but they're fairly compelling ones that you'll not soon forget.
I came away from The Net Delusion in agreement on three major points:
1. Twibbons aren't enough.
Right out of the gate Morozov sets to work on debunking Twitter's overstated role in the Iranian protests of 2009. Long story short, while social media is a fantastic tool for organizing people around a cause, it's whether or not those same people are willing to step away from their screens and actually do something that makes the difference.
As it was not so long ago I can remember the irrational exuberance with which Twitter users turned their avatars green and changed their location to Tehran. But last time I checked, that particular country was in the same sorry state as it was before Twitter made it a cause célèbre.
2. Social media is not the great liberator.
Here in the west we cry foul every time we hear about social media censorship in some far away place — not just oppressive regimes like Iran but also India and Thailand. Thing is, we see Facebook and Twitter as tools of democracy; they see it, perhaps more clearly, as a commercial service with a decidedly U.S. agenda.
We cyber-utopians, as Morozov dubs us, need to understand and appreciate that (1) other countries have their own domestic social networks that do quite well, thanks very much, and (2) that cultures around the world are just plain different. An example of the latter that maybe hits closer to home is something I remember from Adam Cohen's The Perfect Store — specifically, eBay's troubles when they started up in the U.K.; more stringent defamation laws there made user feedback a real problem for the company.
3. The Internet is not a dumb pipe; it's a loaded weapon.
Before you raise your fist in the air and yell “right on!”, hear me out. What Morozov contends, and what I'm coming to grips with, is that the Internet is not a neutral space — but rather, like a cocked pistol, it's as dangerous as the person with their finger on the trigger.
Consider that blogs and social media can be tools for propaganda and protest alike. In the same way that television makes everybody famous — giving equal time to Hollywood celebrities and serial killers — truth, lies, even hate speech propagate the web with no discernible difference, at least on the surface. Thus dissenting voices under oppressive regimes can not only be effectively squelched; through clever manipulation of online content the conversation can be fundamentally changed.
And if all else fails the Internet can just be shut off altogether, as it was in Egypt this time last year.
Now don't get me wrong — I still believe that our Internet, dangerous as it may be, is a wondrous thing. But Morozov has effectively shown me its limitations as a herald of western-style democracy. It can provide those in the west with a precious, candid peek at the plight of others. But it's going to take more than a Twibbon to actually help them.
ORIGINAL OPENING POST:Hello fellow Linux users!I use innoextract ( http://constexpr.org/innoextract/ ) to extract Windows GOG installers on my Linux gaming rig. But a change has come here: newest installers use RAR archiving (the .bin is a RAR archive), that innoextract can't extract. I tried extracting directly the .bin, but it is password-protected.dscharrer, the innoextract main developer, said they won't try to support this format:Has someone any idea how to extract these new installersgoing through WINE?-----QUICK SUMMARY OF THE MATTER AT HAND:In some of my free time spent unpacking GOG installers tu turn them into Linux stuff, I found out GOG is switching to a new kind of Windows installer. These new installers use a password-check at extracting time.While this check is done automatically and silently while executing the installer, it adds some work to people wanting to work with these installers in a less standard way, for reasons including (but not limited to) backup of game data, getting the game to run on unsupported platforms, making custom installers/archives…The password has been discovered thanks to the work of a couple talented hackers, and now the discussion as turned to:_Why did GOG start using this new method?_Would they consider dropping it?-----ANSWER FROM A GOG PROGRAMMER (a technical answer, they don't speak for GOG.com here):-----THE OFFICIAL GOG.COM ANSWER:-----WISHLIST ENTRY:Here is a wishlist entry opened by shmerl, if you too think this inclusion of password checks in the new installers is anything but good practice:-----WORKING WITH THE NEW INSTALLERS:The technical discussion about this issue should move to another thread, seeing as this one is already discussing the moral implications of this new GOG choice. If you don't care about wether or not these new installers are a good/bad practice, but you want to discuss on the ways to work with it, there you go:
You daily look at last night's NBA action.
Daily Operation
Louisa Thomas: If Serge Ibaka were not out with a calf injury, the Spurs would not have scored 120 points in the paint in the first two games of the Western Conference finals. They would not have defeated the Thunder by 17 in Game 1 and 35 in Game 2. They would not have had such an easy time on cuts to the basket. Tony Parker would not have glided down paths of little resistance on the way to scoring on nine of 10 shots from the restricted area this series. Without so many Thunder players desperately collapsing inside, Danny Green would not have been able to stand wide open beyond the 3-point line. The reverberations would not have echoed down the floor. Russell Westbrook might not have shot 29.2 percent on Wednesday. Kevin Durant might not have disappeared in the second half.
But here's the thing: Serge Ibaka is out with a calf injury. Counterfactuals are only good for Internet laments.
Yes, before this series, the Thunder went 10-2 against the Spurs in their last 12 meetings. Yes, OKC was 4-0 this season. But the Spurs team the Thunder played two months ago is not the same team that played last night. The team that played in Game 1, for that matter, is not the team that played in Game 2. Kawhi Leonard, who was so dominant and dazzling in Game 1, played 16 minutes and shot 2-for-4 in Game 2. They finished with the same total of points as Aron Baynes.
This is the incredible thing about the Spurs: not that they win year after year, but that they win game after game. They don't always stay healthy. They don't always adjust. But there is always a contingency plan in place. The scowl is still there. The Spurs' survival is based on a bet: that a team can remain itself by changing. If Tim Duncan were not 38 years old, the game would be different. If Manu Ginobili weren't so inconsistent from day to day now, the game would be different. If Parker didn't bear the brunt of the load, the game would be different. If Ibaka weren't out, the game would be different. But the game is what it is. No one knows what tomorrow looks like. But Gregg Popovich knows they have to be ready for the morning moon to rise.
Motivational Speaking
The Machine, It Hums “Tiki-Taka, Tiki-Taka”
netw3rk: All I could think while watching Game 2 was that the Spurs were tiki-taka-ing OKC to death. These are the kind of cross-species meta-philosophy formulations the Spurs drive you to consider when they are at their best. No, this is not the first blowout in playoffs history. But there is a certain quality to a Spurs blowout, something about the manner in which they manage to reduce the other team to almost nothing. And so, all I could think of was tiki-taka.
Tiki-taka is the name for a style of soccer popularized by FC Barcelona and the Spanish men's national team that uses short, incisive passes and constant player movement as way to dominate possession of the ball. If an opposing team never has the ball, it can't hurt you. If it can't hurt you, it does not exist.
It's not a perfect metaphor. The shot clock means a basketball team can only rent the ball, not own it outright. But this is how far afield the Spurs' casually surgical 35-point ass-scourging of the Oklahoma City Thunder drives my mind in search of an explanation for what it is seeing. The ball and the players just went wherever they wanted. Five Spurs scored in double figures. Of the 11 Spurs players who put up points, only two shot less than 50 percent. The Spurs had 41 made baskets on 27 assists. Danny Green was 7-of-10 from 3, pretty much all of them derived by jogging to a spot on the arc somewhere between the wing and the corner and waiting for the ball to fall softly into their hands before dropping it through the hoop. As if there were no one else there to stop him.
In Other Words …
(Former Spur!) Nick Van Exel Had the Right Idea
I guess its time to watch me some Martin. @NBAonTNT — nick vanexel (@vanexel31) May 22, 2014
Danny Green Did It Again
Andrew Sharp: Danny Green went off again last night, reminding everyone one more time how crazy it is that Danny Green is (1) in the NBA, and (2) starting in the playoffs for the NBA's best team. In Game 2 they became the 10th player since 1985 to take at least 10 3s and shoot 70 percent in a postseason game.
The Spurs are full of Danny Greens. Patty Mills, Boris Diaw, Tiago Splitter. Guys who were supposed to wash out of the NBA. The Spurs take guys we've always loved, exploit very specific skills from them, and suddenly those players look dominant. We know this, of course. San Antonio has been doing it for years now — Green did this last year, too — but it's the one piece of the Spurs story that never gets old. They take guys who probably shouldn't be in the NBA and turn them into legitimate weapons. And it never stops being incredible. Are you sick of the Spurs right now? That's totally fine. Just focus on that shot chart, because it's impossible to hate guys like Danny Green.
This Is a Joke About French Surrender
Tough quote to take from Boris Diaw if you are a Thunder fan: "They gave up on the game pretty early." #Spurs — Tom Orsborn (@tom_orsborn) May 22, 2014
Danny Chau: Boris Diaw, as always, with the perfect assist. Thanks!
Taste the Rainbow
A Face in the Crowd
Chau: Spurs training camps are probably closer to unglorified Vulcan mind melds. New players come in, Tim Duncan grabs their faces, and then they share their wealth of knowledge. This is how we like to set down screens for our shooters; this is how you deal with Manu's freestyling; this is Pop's favorite wine under $30; sorry if you were expecting a Taco Bueno, it closed down.
Newbies get the broad strokes and learn how to fit in, but veteran mind melds work toward embedding players within the mainframe. Kawhi Leonard internalizes the Tony Parker spin. Patty Mills upgrades from the greatest benchwarmer to legitimate scoring threat off the bench. Danny Green absorbs nearly two decades' worth of knowledge from every marksman who has come before him.
But the most intriguing development in these playoffs is how Tiago Splitter has essentially become Boris Diaw, seemingly overnight. Their postseason assist rate is the highest it's ever been. In 59 regular-season games this season, they had four games in which they dished out more than three assists. He's already done that three times in 14 playoff games.
The point guard position will always have a special place in our collective hearts. The ability to control a possession, and bend it to your will, is endlessly fascinating. Steve Nash, my favorite player of all time, made a living out of probing the lanes and mapping out the entire court in real time to establish the pass of best fit. But over the years, I've grown to love the passes that don't require as much maintenance, passes that are compelled by instinct. Splitter had four assists last night. The ball never stayed in their hands longer than a second in any of them. A shovel pass from deep in the paint, a bounce pass from the free throw line right between the defense, a dart to the trailer from the right block, a seeker missile from the top of the key. It all happens in an instant. No surveying required when the Spurs all occupy one mind.
The boxing ring is an attractive setting for exploring themes of determination, courage, and discipline. You won't find a better offering from this century than Ryan Coogler's Creed. This fantastic film manages to respect the stories that came before it in the Rocky universe while contributing a freshness to the standard underdog story. Coogler's direction is apparent and smart, especially during the thoroughly engaging boxing sequences. Coupled with powerful performances from the leads, Creed delivers far more than the satisfying knockout punch of the standard boxing flick.
Creed dramatizes the ascent of Adonis Johnson (Michael B. Jordan), illegitimate son of Apollo Creed, through the world of boxing under the tutelage of Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone). We are first introduced to Adonis (“Donny”) in a pre-title sequence of them as a young child at a correctional facility. They fight with the other boys and is a general ball of rage. Apollo's widow tracks them down and offers them a home, and the boy's fists unclench as they ask their father's name. It is a wonderful little bit of visual storytelling, and a great detail. So, by the time “Creed” blazons across the screen, we already get a great taste of Coogler's directorial flavor, and we'll get our full meal over the next two hours.
Donny works a respectable accounting job in Los Angeles, but steals down to Tijuana on the weekends to an underground boxing ring. Despite a new promotion, they see God in Boxing, and is determined to train and make a name for himself. While their motivation may seem underwritten at this point, the climax of the film makes it much more apparent. But for now, we're fine with Donny traveling to Philly and pleading with Rocky Balboa for training. And, while Rocky doesn't immediately jump at the offer to train Apollo's son, they eventually acquiesce.
Stallone is absolutely revelatory in their reprisal of Rocky. By dialing back their performance and relying on subtlety and the character in their aged face, they wrest genuine emotion from the audience on multiple occasions. They alternate between pithy jokester, seasoned trainer, and damaged old man with startling ease. Theirs is certainly the most affecting performance in a film rife with great ones, and early chatter regarding a possible Best Supporting Actor nomination is not unfounded in the least.
But it is hard not to notice the burgeoning star behind the camera, Ryan Coogler. Boxing films can be quite derivative with regards to staging and shooting the fights, but Coogler is able to showcase disparate stylistic prowess for the two most crucial fights in the film. What's more impressive is that each technique aids in the storytelling, to the point that the director's choice becomes a fundamental part of the fight.
The first major fight of Adonis Johnson's career is against a sparring partner at their gym and is shot in one continuous take beginning with the long walk from Donny's dressing room into the ring, through the pre-fight announcements and preparations, and into and throughout multiple rounds of the fight as the actors and cameramen perform an elaborate dance around each other while expert boxing technique and intricate camera work play off each other in magnificent fashion until the final 10-count releases the audience from this whirlwind single shot.
The climactic fight is terse. Cut all up everywhere. The brutal exchange of punches from the combatants is often interrupted. Rocky shouting instructions. Professional HBO commentary. Reaction shots from the audience. Not every round of the 12 is shown, but there is a rapid progression from one to the next. Always with cuts, though. Plenty of shots of blood, bruises, beatings. Even adjacent punches can be separate shots. This continues through the final seconds of the fight.
The contrast should be clear. The methodical length of the first fight utterly immerses the audience in the experience, mirroring Donny's figurative jump into the deep end. We are not protected, nor offered respite from the fight, as this sequence commands our attention throughout. Tension builds as the scene progresses, and we hope for a release. The camera movements, zooms, and pans are able to highlight particular aspects of the scene upon which we should focus, and also offer more variety than a static long shot of the two boxers.
And then, the frenetic progression of the second fight almost overwhelms us with detail. Like Donny, we have so much to pay attention to during the fight, and one slip up could send us reeling (though for him, failure means losing to knock-out; for us we merely become confused). The multitude of cuts never distract or inhibit clarity, though. Instead, it feels as if they lengthen the fight by providing immeasurable distinct moments. And the moments are so brutal. The fighters exchange punches and then spit blood into buckets. Donny has their eye swollen shut, but continues the fight when their trainer aids them in an unexpected but brilliant way. Eventually, we're left wondering if it will end, and know that the very next cut could produce a knock-out punch. We're the director's playthings now, as our emotions ride on the wave of the fight. Each punch and reaction is distinct, and our excitement swells with the return of some familiar music . . .
It's just fantastic. Like almost any movie there are a few flaws, but they are minor and insignificant. The introduction of Donny's love interest Bianca (a capable Tessa Thompson) is a little hammy, and their relationship goes through some manufactured hardships, but they are far more interesting than most women in movies like this. Nearly every subplot feels earned and contributes well to the story, but I am sure some things will feel unnecessary to some. Overall, though, there is such value in this film that even slight stumbles like these deserve to be ignored in respect of the wonderful artistry evident onscreen elsewhere.
Dave Filoni Hopes to Tell the Story of What Happened to Ahsoka Tano Between Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels
When Ahsoka Tano appeared on season 1 of Star Wars Rebels, it was a really big deal for many Star Wars fans. The one-time Jedi padawan of Anakin Skywalker had risen to become one of the most beloved characters in Star Wars fandom. Them journey from a naive, occasionally bratty apprentice to accomplished, talented and wise-beyond-her years warrior was the driving force behind Star Wars: Clone Wars. But Ahsoka's story never got a satisfactory ending, because Clone Wars was cancelled when Disney took over the Star Wars franchise.
Dave Filoni, the man who produced the Clone Wars show is now weaving similar yarns with their new show, Star Wars Rebels. At Star Wars Celebration, they said that introducing Clone Wars characters into Rebels was a way for them to say thank you to the fans of the show, who after watching for 5 seasons were outraged to hear that Disney would not be renewing it. At yesterday's Star Wars Rebels New York Comic Con press conference, Filoni revealed that he's still hoping to one day satisfy the requests from fans who want to see Ahsoka's storyline completed.
When Clone Wars ended, Ahsoka Tano had taken the bold step of leaving the Jedi Order, a move that many saw as the biggest step towards them coming of age. But while Ahsoka is back on our screens, as an adult member of the fledgling Rebel Alliance, there are many who want to know what adventures they got up to during the time in between the two shows. This is a time in which Ahsoka would have surely heard, maybe even witnessed the execution of Order 66 and seen the sudden demise of the Jedi Order. It's also a time during which we now know they were in regular contact with the clone trooper Captain Rex.
These are points that are far from wasted on Filoni, who is only too aware of the massive desire to see Ahsoka's story completed."I would rather that story get out for the fans to know than the fans not know at all," said Filoni when asked about whether or not they wanted to explore more Ahsoka Tano stories. Filoni went on to reveal that they still harbor hope that they will get to produce a story exploring those 'Dark Years' of Ahsoka's, but admitted it won't be any time soon given that LucasFilm have their storytelling mapped for the next few years.
But just because they can't tell the story yet, that doesn't mean we won't get some hints about what Ahsoka has been up to. During the same press conference, Filoni revealed that Season 2 of Rebels will drop hints about Ahsoka's life since they left the Jedi order; could they be building the platform for a new story arc or even a new show?
Regardless of the Ahsoka issue, Rebels will continue to link back to Clone Wars, with familiar faces from the Cartoon Network show reappearing on Filoni's new project. We already know Clone Wars favorites such as Hondo and Captain Rex will be playing major roles in Season 2 of Rebels, and it's likely that the link-backs won't end there.
With both Ahsoka and Darth Vader now featuring on Rebels, the other question on everyone's lips is whether or not Padawan and Master will meet in combat. Filoni kept tight-lipped on the issue, responding to the question with a simple "That would be cool, huh?".
Oh, and one final note. On those rumors that Ezra would grow up to become Kylo Ren. Filoni's not buying it, so we should all just forget about that one right now.
A few days ago, Jason Heap filed a federal lawsuit against the U.S. Navy and the Department of Defense for rejecting their application despite their stellar credentials.
Fox News chatted about the lawsuit yesterday morning — and who better to bring in to discuss it than Jason Heap Father Jonathan Morris, the conservative Catholic who opposes church/state separation?
Their main argument boils down to semantics. The word “chaplain” is religious in origin, so that should be the end of discussion. Screw all those atheists in the military who want counseling from someone who understands where they're coming from!
Interestingly enough, Morris later explains that atheists are free to get together and discuss their beliefs just like they do at Columbia University, where they serve as a Religious Life Adviser. Indeed, they say, they have an atheist colleague who leads those discussions. Why can't atheists in the military just do that?!
What they neglect to mention is that the atheist colleague he's talking about, Dr. Anne Klaeysen, served as a Humanist Chaplain at Adelphi University before coming to Columbia. And the American Humanist Association, even today, refers to Klaeysen as a Humanist Chaplain at Columbia.
So the terminology issue is just idiotic.
Not to mention there are privileges in the military that come with being a chaplain in name, the least of which is that conversations you have remained confidential. Soldiers don't get that privacy with a counselor who may have a different title.
Then, Morris went full conspiratorial.
They claimed that, because Heap was suing the military, he's really just trying to bring down the chaplaincy:
I don't know [Heap's] intention, but based on the fact that he's suing now, the military, he's obviously saying, you know, “I don't like this whole chaplaincy thing at all. I don't think our government should be supporting anybody who is promoting religion”… Don't try to get rid of something that is good just because you don't happen to like it!
Of course, that's a complete straw man. Heap wants to become a chaplain because they respect the chaplaincy. It's not illegal for the government to have chaplains who serve people of all religious beliefs (and none, too). And that's the problem: Right now, the chaplains only serve religious soldiers (and not even all of them), and atheists are left to fend for themselves.
It's damn near slanderous to suggest Heap is suing because they want to dismantle the chaplaincy, when the truth is that they genuinely want to become a part of it.
But that's what you get when you invite a guy to discuss Humanist Chaplaincy who doesn't understand these issues. I find it hard to believe Fox producers couldn't get Heap, another military atheist leader, a representative from the AHA, or, really, anyone else to discuss this matter… which leads me to assume they never bothered to look in the first place.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CA – Santa Clara County has a new landmark recognizable to many residents or visitors traveling around the Cambrian Park neighborhood in unincorporated San Jose.
The county's Board of Supervisors unanimously voted today to classify the Cambrian Park Plaza carousel sign at Union and Camden avenues as a county landmark.
One of the most distinguishable features of the sign is a merry-go-round at the top supported by a heavy square post, which has become a focal point for people giving directions in the area, said Supervisor Ken
Yeager, whose district includes the new landmark.
The sign was erected in the 1950s a few years after an adjacent 17-acre shopping center was opened by the family of Paul Schaeffer, the original builder of the site. The shopping center was sold last year to Texas-based real estate investment trust Weingarten Realty Investors, according to Yeager.
The new owners have committed to keeping the carousel sign as is while moving forward with plans to redevelop the center, the supervisor said.
The sign met the requirements of being more than 50 years old and having historic integrity, according to Yeager.
The sign is also easily identifiable to any San Jose resident who has lived in the city since the 1950s, they said.
Also see: Apple Widely Expected to Reveal New iPhone Sept. 7
--Bay City News/Photo by Rogerlwise - Own work, CC BY-SA 4.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/...
Paul Manafort didn't just ghost-write portions of a controversial op-ed about himself, they also excised details about their work for the former Russia-aligned president of Ukraine that they felt “would not be good to mention,” according to email from Manafort that was unsealed in a court document on Monday.
The op-ed was intended to appear under the byline of Oleg Voloshin, a former spokesperson for Ukraine's foreign affairs ministry. Last week special counsel Robert Mueller argued that Manafort had substantially authored or re-written portions of the piece, and had therefore violated a gag order in their criminal case. Manafort denied the charge.
The newly-unsealed e-mail chain is between Manafort and Konstan Kilimnik, who sent Manafort the op-ed draft for review and comment. Kilimnik is longtime associate of Manafort who worked with them to support pro-Russia political figures in Ukraine.
“I have attached a framework for the op-ed in the Kyiv Post for Oleg,” Manafort wrote back on November 29. “It keeps their approach but takes out pieces that would not be good to mention.”
“You will notice that I left several areas where you need to insert points,” Manafort added. “I am available to talk either tonight or in the morning.”
A red-lined draft attached to the e-mail shows Manafort excised entire paragraphs, including one that mentioned they “had an ear of the president on a more regular basis than even some their ministers.” The “president” in this case is former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych, who Manafort served as a political consultant before Yanukovych was ousted over corruption and policies friendly to Moscow.
FERGUSON, Mo. — The unrest in Ferguson began one week ago, on the quiet side street of Canfield Drive, when residents were startled by a series of gunshots and poured out of their homes. They watched and wept as the police stood guard for hours over the body of 18-year-old Michael Brown, splayed face down in the street.
But over time, the demonstrations have changed to become an amalgam of peaceful protesters — some furious about what they say is endemic abuse of African-Americans by the police — and separate groups that have carried out acts of violence and looting.
Early Saturday morning, the divisions became even more evident during a four-hour standoff with the police. One group, some of its members wearing bandannas, broke into a liquor store and left clutching bottles of alcohol. But at other retail outlets, like a beauty supply store, demonstrators blocked the looters' way.
Arguments ensued on the streets, with some people pleading to avoid confrontations, while others tried to encourage the crowd to take on law enforcement officers.
If someone had asked me this question roughly half a year ago, I would have answered: Of course it has to be as good as possible. A computer opponent can never be a substitute for a human player in a Catan game on a real game board, so it should at least be able to play well.
What's missing in a game against computer opponents are emotions: the complaints when the robber comes, the noisy haggling over resources or the pointed remarks used to make the game partners turn against the alleged leader.
In the first version of Catan for PC (Catan – The First Island), initially published by Ravensburger Interactive in 1999 and later by USM, an attempt was made to provide the computer opponents with human characteristics. The AIs were nicely animated and contributed their wisecracks in a variety of situations.
They sounded funny in the first few games, but with time they became rather monotonous because the computer opponents' repertoire was, of course, limited.
Back then, many players complained that the wisecracks were bugging them, and that they were switching off the sound when playing.
To make up for its flawed “human touch,” an artificial intelligence should at least be able to play a clever game in terms of strategy and tactics and thus be a challenging opponent for the human player.
In the PC game “Catan – Cities & Knights,” published in December of 2008, we thus focused on developing a good AI. We refrained from including spoken comments made by the computer opponents – the criticism of “Catan – The First Island” was still very fresh in our memory.
I for one put over six months of work into the concept of the AI, the fine tuning of the AI together with programmer Sebastian Mellin, and into countless tests. We published the program with an “easy” mode and a “normal” mode, and we wanted to provide an add-on with a “difficult” mode later. The “normal” mode was designed in such a way that an experienced player should have no problem playing the games. Testing and refining of the “normal” mode continued until the point where we at Catan GmbH lost some Campaign games too; then we were satisfied and also a little proud of our work.
What made us proud as well was the fact that our artificial intelligence worked completely without tricks. There was no manipulation of the dice roll sequences, and the computer opponents were not targeting the human player. When placing the robber or trading, the AIs only saw opponents and made no distinction between the human player and other AIs.
So we were looking forward to feedback from the gamer community regarding our strong AI. The feedback came, but it mostly wasn't what we had hoped for. Sure, we also received praise, but unfortunately, many players had problems with the strength of our AI. Some of them purportedly needed more than 10 attempts to win the first game of the Campaign. It seemed that many players skipped training in “easy” mode and immediately hurled themselves into the Campaign adventure in “normal” mode.
The following mail is representative for some letters we received:
“The alleged random dice roll in the Catan PC game is anything but random. I'm really asking myself what induces someone to be so – please excuse the expression – antisocial that they write a program in a way that you simply cannot win.”
In my answer I assured them that I usually do not behave in an antisocial fashion and gave them my word that the dice are not manipulated and the computer opponents don't gang up against the human player either, and that the computer opponents were just playing well.
The reply was short:
“Do you actually believe the crap you are writing me?”
Also, people often mentioned the predecessor “Catan – The First Island” as the better alternative, although the computer opponents of this original version are very weak. It would appear that players who are repeatedly defeated by a computer doubt the program's trustworthiness more than their own playing skills. And if someone thinks that the program is “cheating,” they or they feel betrayed and doesn't like the game. That's something I can understand.
So, if someone would ask me today how good a “normal” artificial intelligence in a Catan game should be, I would answer: As good as required for an occasional Catan player to win against a computer opponent.
Klaus Teuber
Share
ARMONK, NY - 27 Dec 2010: Today IBM (NYSE: Today IBM (NYSE: IBM ) formally unveiled the fifth annual "Next Five in Five" – a list of innovations that have the potential to change the way people work, live and play over the next five years: • You'll beam up your friends in 3-D • Batteries will breathe air to power our devices • You won't need to be a scientist to save the planet • Your commute will be personalized • Computers will help energize your city
The Next Five in Five is based on market and societal trends expected to transform our lives, as well as emerging technologies from IBM's Labs around the world that can make these innovations possible.
In the next five years, technology innovations will change people's lives in the following ways:
You'll beam up your friends in 3-D
In the next five years, 3-D interfaces – like those in the movies – will let you interact with 3-D holograms of your friends in real time. Movies and TVs are already moving to 3-D, and as 3-D and holographic cameras get more sophisticated and miniaturized to fit into cell phones, you will be able to interact with photos, browse the Web and chat with your friends in entirely new ways.
Scientists are working to improve video chat to become holography chat - or "3-D telepresence." The technique uses light beams scattered from objects and reconstructs a picture of that object, a similar technique to the one human eyes used to visualize our surroundings.
You'll be able to see more than your friends in 3-D too. Just as a flat map of the earth has distortion at the poles that makes flight patterns look indirect, there is also distortion of data – which is becoming greater than digital information becomes “smarter” – like your digital photo album. Photos are now geo-tagged, the Web is capable of synching information across devices and computer interfaces are becoming more natural.
Scientists at IBM Research are working on new ways to visualize 3-D data, working on technology that would allow engineers to step inside designs of everything from buildings to software programs, running simulations of how diseases spread across interactive 3-D globes, and visualizing trends happening around the world on Twitter – all in real time and with little to no distortion.
Batteries will breathe air to power our devices
Ever wish you could make your laptop battery last all day without needing a charge? Or what about a cell phone that powers up by being carried in your pocket?
In the next five years, scientific advances in transistors and battery technology will allow your devices to last about 10 times longer than they do today. And better yet, in some cases, batteries may disappear altogether in smaller devices.
Instead of the heavy lithium-ion batteries used today, scientists are working on batteries that use the air we breath to react with energy-dense metal, eliminating a key inhibitor to longer lasting batteries. If successful, the result will be a lightweight, powerful and rechargeable battery capable of powering everything from electric cars to consumer devices.
But what if we could eliminate batteries alltogether?
By rethinking the basic building block of electronic devices, the transistor, IBM is aiming to reduce the amount of energy per transistor to less than 0.5 volts. With energy demands this low, we might be able to lose the battery altogether in some devices like mobile phones or e-readers.
The result would be battery-free electronic devices that can be charged using a technique called energy scavenging. Some wrist watches use this today – they require no winding and charge based on the movement of your arm. The same concept could be used to charge mobile phones. for example – just shake and dial.
You won't need to be a scientist to save the planet
While you may not be a physicist, you are a walking sensor. In five years, sensors in your phone, your car, your wallet and even your tweets will collect data that will give scientists a real-time picture of your environment. You'll be able to contribute this data to fight global warming, save endangered species or track invasive plants or animals that threaten ecosystems around the world. In the next five years, a whole class of "citizen scientists" will emerge, using simple sensors that already exist to create massive data sets for research.
Simple observations such as when the first thaw occurs in your town, when the mosquitoes first appear, if there's no water running where a stream should be - all this is valuable data that scientists don't have in large sets today. Even your laptop can be used as a sensor to detect seismic activity. If properly employed and connected to a network of other computers, your laptop can help map out the aftermath of an earthquake quickly, speeding up the work of emergency responders and potentially saving lives.
IBM recently patented a technique that enables a system to accurately and precisely conduct post-event analysis of seismic events, such as earthquakes, as well as provide early warnings for tsunamis, which can follow earthquakes. The invention also provides the ability to rapidly measure and analyze the damage zone of an earthquake to help prioritize emergency response needed following an earthquake.
The company is also contributing mobile phone "apps" that allow typical citizens to contribute invaluable data to causes, like improving the quality of drinking water or reporting noise pollution. Already, an app called Creek Watch allows citizens to take a snapshot of a creek or stream, answer three simple questions about it and the data is automatically accessible by the local water authority.
Your commute will be personalized
Imagine your commute with no jam-packed highways, no crowded subways, no construction delays and not having to worry about being late for work. In the next five years, advanced analytics technologies will provide personalized recommendations that get commuters where they need to go in the fastest time. Adaptive traffic systems will intuitively learn traveler patterns and behavior to provide more dynamic travel safety and route information to travelers than is available today.
IBM researchers are developing new models that will predict the outcomes of varying transportation routes to provide information that goes well beyond traditional traffic reports, after-the fact devices that only indicate where you are already located in a traffic jam, and web-based applications that give estimated travel time in traffic.
Using new mathematical models and IBM's predictive analytics technologies, the researchers will analyze and combine multiple possible scenarios that can affect commuters to deliver the best routes for daily travel, including many factors, such as traffic accidents, commuter's location, current and planned road construction, most traveled days of the week, expected work start times, local events that may impact traffic, alternate options of transportation such as rail or ferries, parking availability and weather.
For example, by combining predictive analytics with real-time information about current travel congestion from sensors and other data, the system could recommend better ways to get to a destination, such as how to get to a nearby mass transit hub, whether the train is predicted to be on time, and whether parking is predicted to be available at the train station. New systems can learn from regular travel patterns where you are likely to go and then integrate all available data and prediction models to pinpoint the best route.
Computers will help energize your city
Innovations in computers and data centers are enabling the excessive heat and energy that they give off to do things like heat buildings in the winter and power air conditioning in the summer. Can you imagine if the energy poured into the world's data centers could in turn be recycled for a city's use?
With up to 50 percent of the energy consumed by a modern data center goes toward air cooling. Most of the heat is then wasted because it is just dumped into the atmosphere. New technologies, such as novel on-chip water-cooling systems developed by IBM, the thermal energy from a cluster of computer processors can be efficiently recycled to provide hot water for an office or houses.
A pilot project in Switzerland involving a computer system fitted with the technology is expected to save up to 30 tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year, the equivalent of an 85 percent carbon footprint reduction. A novel network of microfluidic capillaries inside a heat sink is attached to the surface of each chip in the computer cluster, which allows water to be piped to within microns of the semiconductor material itself. By having water flow so close to each chip, heat can be removed more efficiently. Water heated to 60 °C is then passed through a heat exchanger to provide heat that is delivered elsewhere.
For more information, please visit www.ibm.com/press/5in52010
Note: Registered journalists and bloggers can download broadcast-quality b-roll and other "Next 5 in 5" video from http://www.thenewsmarket.com/ibm [registration available online]
At work we were discussing conversions of esoteric programming languages. Amongst things like Malbolge, the Brainfuck language was discussed. I then suggested seeing if we can write a "brainfuck" interpreter in COBOL.
Since I work at Cornerstone, I learned the basics of COBOL (Cornerstone performs automatic conversions of e.g. COBOL to other languages) so it looked like an interesting endeavor! So after 20 minutes of hacking I present you: a Brainfuck interpreter in COBOL. It compiles and runs with at least the GNU Cobol compiler and also compiles with the Micro Focus compiler but I did not try to run it with that product.
This program may very well run on your IBM z/OS system! IDENTIFICATION DIVISION . PROGRAM-ID . BRAINFUCK . AUTHOR . Folkert van Heusden - Cornerstone BV . DATE-WRITTEN . 16 / 05 / 19 . DATA DIVISION . WORKING-STORAGE SECTION . 01 WS-TABLE . 05 DATA-MEM PIC 9(3) OCCURS 32768 TIMES . 01 DATA-MEM-LEN PIC 9(5) VALUE 32768 . 01 DATA-PTR PIC 9(5) VALUE 1 . 01 CMD-MEM PIC X(32768) . 01 CMD-MEM-LEN PIC 9(5) VALUE 32768 . 01 CMD-PTR PIC 9(5) VALUE 1 . 01 TEMP Pics 9(5) . 01 COUNTER Pics 9(5) . PROCEDURE DIVISION . DISPLAY 'BRAINFUCK INTERPRETER IN COBOL' DISPLAY 'WRITTEN BY FOLKERT VAN HEUSDEN AT CORNERSTONE B.V.' DISPLAY 'INIT DATA' MOVE 1 TO TEMP PERFORM UNTIL TEMP > DATA-MEM-LEN MOVE 0 TO DATA-MEM ( TEMP ) ADD 1 TO TEMP END-PERFORM DISPLAY 'RETRIEVE PROGRAM' ACCEPT CMD-MEM FROM COMMAND-LINE MOVE CMD-MEM-LEN TO TEMP PERFORM UNTIL CMD-MEM ( TEMP : 1 ) <> ' ' SUBTRACT 1 FROM TEMP END-PERFORM MOVE TEMP TO CMD-MEM-LEN DISPLAY 'PROGRAM : ' , CMD-MEM ( 1 : CMD-MEM-LEN ) DISPLAY 'PROGRAM-LENGTH: ' , CMD-MEM-LEN PERFORM UNTIL CMD-PTR > CMD-MEM-LEN EVALUATE CMD-MEM ( CMD-PTR : 1 ) WHEN '>' ADD 1 TO DATA-PTR IF DATA-PTR > 32768 MOVE 1 TO DATA-PTR END-IF WHEN '<' SUBTRACT 1 FROM DATA-PTR IF DATA-PTR < 1 MOVE 32768 TO DATA-PTR END-IF WHEN '+' ADD 1 TO DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) IF DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) > 255 MOVE 1 TO DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) END-IF WHEN '-' SUBTRACT 1 FROM DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) IF DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) < 0 MOVE 255 TO DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) END-IF WHEN '.' MOVE DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) TO TEMP ADD 1 TO TEMP DISPLAY FUNCTION CHAR ( TEMP ) WITH NO ADVANCING WHEN ',' DISPLAY ', IS NOT IMPLEMENTED' WHEN '[' IF DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) = 0 MOVE 1 TO COUNTER PERFORM UNTIL COUNTER = 0 ADD 1 TO CMD-PTR IF CMD-MEM ( CMD-PTR : 1 ) = '[' ADD 1 TO COUNTER END-IF IF CMD-MEM ( CMD-PTR : 1 ) = ']' SUBTRACT 1 FROM COUNTER END-IF END-PERFORM END-IF WHEN ']' IF DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) <> 0 MOVE 1 TO COUNTER PERFORM UNTIL COUNTER = 0 SUBTRACT 1 FROM CMD-PTR IF CMD-MEM ( CMD-PTR : 1 ) = ']' ADD 1 TO COUNTER END-IF IF CMD-MEM ( CMD-PTR : 1 ) = '[' SUBTRACT 1 FROM COUNTER END-IF END-PERFORM END-IF * WHEN OTHER * DISPLAY 'IGNORING ' , DATA-MEM ( DATA-PTR ) END-EVALUATE ADD 1 TO CMD-PTR END-PERFORM . STOP RUN . To run it, the first command line parameter should be the entire brainfuck source code. In this screendump you will see it run the "hello world"-example from wikipedia:
Download link: run-brainfuck.cbl
Checkout my Mandelbrot fractal implementation in COBOL
Bryan Rodrigues says they found strange clear spheres at their apartment complex in Rumford, and is trying to find out what they are.
"It doesn't look biological to me because it's so perfectly clear. It's a mystery. So I guess it has to be analyzed," they said.
NBC 10's Alison Bologna found the spheres on the ground in the shade. Rodrigues collected a bunch, cleaned them off and wasn't afraid to hold them in theirs hand.
"I'm still around," they said.
Rodrigues said there's no strange smell to the 50 or so that he's found. They said they feel like small balls of jelly, but aren't sticky.
Rodrigues said they called NBC 10, and sent emails to different biology and chemistry professors at Brown University. They haven't heard anything yet.
Reuters: The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected a challenge by business groups to Seattle's law raising its minimum wage to $15 an hour, a move echoed by other locales, in a case focusing on how the ordinance affected local franchises like McDonald's.
The Seattle law's supporters hailed the court's action, which left intact a lower court ruling backing the measure, as a defeat for “the big business lobby” that has taken aim at minimum wage hikes.
The International Franchise Association and the businesses that challenged the measure did not target the actual wage hike. Instead, they argued that it was unfair for Seattle to exclude local franchises of big companies like McDonald's (MCD.N) and Burger King (QSR.TO) from the small companies that the law gives three extra years to pay employees at least $15 per hour.
read more
Last month we were all positively blown away by the news Anchor Bay and Scream Factory are joining forces on HALLOWEEN: THE COMPLETE COLLECTION , which will bring us every damn Halloween movie ever in one beautiful batch. Yes, that includes SEASON OF THE WITCH, the Rob Zombie versions and even the legendary "Producer's Cut" of THE CURSE OF MICHAEL MYERS. Definitive isn't an accurate enough word for this set.
Today we have a few updates for you on this exceptional release. Anchor Bay and Scream Factory are evidently still hard at work on the collection, hence they're still adding special features. Updates are in RED .
Finally, there's a nice photo comparison at the bottom of the page, contrasting the bootleg version of HALLOWEEN: THE CURSE OF MICHAEL MYERS and the restored version.
Disc 1 – John Carpenter's Halloween (1978)
Bonus Features:
HD transfer supervised and approved by cinematographer Dean Cundey
NEW Audio Commentary With Director Of Photography Dean Cundey, Editor Tommy Lee Wallace And The Shape, Nick Castle
Audio Commentary with Co-Writer/Director John Carpenter and Actress Jamie Lee Curtis.
“The Night They Came Home” Featurette
“On Location: 25 Years Later” Featurette
TV Version Footage
Television Spots
Theatrical Trailer
TV and Radio Spots
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1); Dolby TrueHD 7.1; Original 1978 Audio in Dolby TrueHD Mono
Subtitles: English SDH, Spanish
Disc 2 – John Carpenter's Halloween (1978) (Exclusive to Deluxe Edition)
Bonus Features:
Audio Commentary With Co-Writer/Director John Carpenter, Actress Jamie Lee Curtis and Co-Writer/Producer Debra Hill
Featurette: Halloween: A Cut Above The Rest
Theatrical Trailer
TV and Radio Spots
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1); Dolby Surround 5.1; PCM 5.1; Original 1978 Mono Audio
Subtitles: English SDH, Spanish
Disc 3 – Halloween II (1981)
Theatrical Version
Bonus Features:
Audio commentary with director Rick Rosenthal and actor Leo Rossi (Theatrical version)
Audio commentary with stunt co-ordinator/actor Dick Warlock (Theatrical version)
“The Nightmare Isn't Over: The Making Of Halloween II” Featuring Rick Rosenthal, Lance Guest, Dick Warlock, Alan Howarth, Dean Cundey, Leo Rossi and Moore…
“Horror's Hallowed Grounds: The Locations of Halloween II” – Host Sean Clark revisits the original shooting locations of the film
Deleted Scenes with Optional Audio Commentary from director Rick Rosenthal
Alternate Ending with Optional Audio Commentary from director Rick Rosenthal
Theatrical Trailer
TV and Radio Spots
Still Gallery
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1); DTS-HD MA 5.1
Disc 4 – Halloween II TV Cut (1981) DVD (Exclusive to Deluxe Edition)
Television Cut With Added Footage Not Seen In The Theatrical Version
Tech Specs:
Standard Definition Full-frame 1.33:1; Dolby Digital Mono
Disc 5 – Halloween III: Season of The Witch (1982)
Bonus Features:
Audio Commentary with actor Tom Atkins
Audio Commentary with director Tommy Lee Wallace
“Stand Alone: The Making Of Halloween III: Season Of The Witch” featuring Tommy Lee Wallace, Tom Atkins, Stacey Nelkin, Dick Warlock, Dean Cundey and more
“Horror's Hallowed Grounds” – Revisiting the original shooting locations
Still Gallery
Theatrical Trailers
TV Spots
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1); DTS-HD MA 5.1; Mono
Disc 6 – Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers (1988)
Bonus Features:
Audio Commentary with Actors Ellie Cornell and Danielle Harris
Audio Commentary with Director Dwight H. Little and Author Justin Beahm
Theatrical Trailer
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (1.85:1); Dolby TrueHD 5.1
Subtitles: English SDH, Spanish
Disc 7 — Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers (1989)
Bonus Features:
Audio Commentary with Actor Don Shanks and author Justin Beahm
Audio Commentary with Director Dominique Othenin-Girard and Actors Danielle Harris And Jeffrey Landman
Halloween 5: On The Set
Halloween 5: Original Promo
Theatrical Trailer
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (1.85:1); Dolby TrueHD 5.1
Subtitles: English SDH, Spanish
Disc 8 — Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers (1995) Theatrical Cut
Bonus Features:
Theatrical Trailer
TV Spots
Still Gallery
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (1.78:1); DTS-MA HD 5.1, 2.0
Subtitles: English
Disc 9 – Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers (1995) Producer's Cut (Exclusive to Deluxe Edition)
Bonus Features:
NEW High Definition Master from the original inter-negative
NEW Audio Commentary with Screenwriter Daniel Farrands and Composer Alan Howarth (Producer's Cut)
NEW “Jamie's Story” – An Interview With The Original “Jamie” Actress Danielle Harris
NEW “The Cursed ‘Curse'” – An Interview With Producers Malek Akkad And Paul Freeman
NEW “Acting Scared “– A Look At The Film's Cast With Actresses Mariah O'Brien And J.C. Brandy
NEW “The Shape Of Things” – A Look At Michael Myers' Murders And Mayhem With Special Make-Up Effects Artists John Carl Buechler And Brad Hardin And Actor George P. Wilbur (Michael Myers)
NEW “Haddonfield's Horrors” – The Sights of Halloween The Curse of Michael Myers With Director of Photography Billy Dickson And Production Designer Brad Ryman And Director of Photography (Additional Scenes) Thomas Callaway
NEW “Full Circle” – An Interview With Composer Alan Howarth
NEW Cast And Crew Tribute to Donald Pleasance
Archival Interviews And Behind-The-Scenes Footage
Behind-The-Scenes Footage (approx. 30 Minutes)
Alternate And Deleted Scenes (Not Present In Either Cut Of The Film)
Teaser Trailer: Halloween 666: The Origin Of Michael Myers
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (1:78:1); DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1, 2.0
Subtitles: English
Disc 10 — Halloween H20: 20 Years Later (1998)
Bonus Features:
Presented in the correct 2.35:1 Aspect Ratio
NEW Commentary With Director Steve Miner And Jamie Lee Curtis, Moderated By Sean Clark
NEW “The Making of Halloween H20” Featuring Jamie Lee Curtis, Josh Hartnett, Jodi Lyn O'Keefe, Nancy Stephens, Adam Hann-Byrd, Tom Kane, Editor Patrick Lussier, Producer Malek Akkad, Producer Paul Freeman, Composer John Ottman, Chris Durand (Michael Myers), Writer Robert Zappia, Stunt Co-Ordinator Donna Keegan, Make-Up Brad Hardin And Cinematographer Daryn Okada
Vintage Interviews And Behind-The-Scenes Footage
Scenes from the film with John Ottman's original score
Theatrical Trailer
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1); DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1, 2.0, Subtitles: English
Disc 11 — Halloween: Resurrection (2002)
Bonus Features:
Audio Commentary With Director Rick Rosenthal And Editor Robert A. Ferretti
Alternate Endings with optional director's commentary
Deleted Scenes with optional director's commentary
Featurette: “Head Cam”
Webcam Special with optional director's commentary
Storyboard Analysis
Set Tour With Production Designer Troy Hansen
Set Interview With Jamie Lee Curtis
Vintage Interviews And Behind-The-Scenes Footage
Theatrical Trailer
Home Video TV Spots
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1); DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1
Subtitles: English
Disc 12 – Rob Zombie's Halloween (2007)
Bonus Features:
Unrated Director's Cut With Audio Commentary By Writer/Director Rob Zombie
Deleted Scenes With Optional Commentary
Alternate Ending With Optional Commentary
Bloopers
Featurette: “The Many Faces Of Michael Myers”
Re-Imagining Halloween
Meet The Cast
Casting Sessions
Scout Taylor-Compton Screen Test
Theatrical Trailer
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1); DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1; Dolby Digital 5.1
Subtitles: English, Spanish
Disc 13 – Rob Zombie's Halloween (2007) Bonus Disc (Exclusive to Deluxe Edition)
Bonus Features:
Documentary: “Michael Lives: The Making of Halloween (4 ½ hours)
Tech Specs:
Dolby Stereo
Subtitles: English
Disc 14 – Rob Zombie's Halloween 2 (2009)
Bonus Features:
Audio Commentary With Writer/Director Rob Zombie
Deleted And Alternate Scenes
Audition Footage
Make-Up Test Footage
Blooper Reel
Captain Clegg And The Night Creatures Music Videos
Uncle Seymour Coffins' Stand-Up Routines
Tech Specs:
1080p Anamorphic Widescreen (1.85:1); DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1;
Subtitles: English
Disc 15 – Bonus Features (Exclusive to Deluxe Edition)
John Carpenter's HALLOWEEN – The Extended Version (In HD – TV Inserts Are In Standard Definition)
Interview with Moustapha Akkad about origin of HALLOWEEN
Featurette: HALLOWEEN UNMASKED 2000
· Featurette: The Making Of HALLOWEEN 4: FINAL CUT
NEW The Making Of HALLOWEEN 4 Featuring Actors Danielle Harris, Ellie Cornell, Kathleen Kinmont, Beau Starr, Raymond O'Connor, Erik Preston and Sasha Jensen, Stuntmen Tom Morga (Michael Myers) And George P. Wilbur (Michael Myers), Composer Alan Howarth, Writer Alan B. McElroy, Producers Malek Akkad And Paul Freeman, Special Make-Up Effects Artists John Carl Buechler And Ken Horn
Featurette: Inside HALLOWEEN 5
NEW The Making Of HALLOWEEN 5 Featuring Interviews With Actors Danielle Harris, Ellie Cornell, Wendy Kaplan, Jeffrey Landman, Jonathan Chapin, Frankie Como, Tamara Glynn, Matthew Walker, Don Shanks (Michael Myers), Producer Malek Akkad, Line Producer Rick Nathanson And Composer Alan Howarth
NEW Interview With Make-Up Effects Artist Tom Burman On HALLOWEEN III: SEASON OF THE WITCH
HALLOWEEN III: SEASON OF THE WITCH Radio Spots
TV Spots – HALLOWEEN 4, HALLOWEEN 5, HALLOWEEN (2007) and HALLOWEEN II (2009)
Photo Galleries — HALLOWEEN, HALLOWEEN 4 and HALLOWEEN 5
NEW episodes of HORROR'S HALLOWED GROUNDS - we go back to the filming locations of HALLOWEEN 4, HALLOWEEN 5 (with special guest Don Shanks) and HALLOWEEN: THE CURSE OF MICHAEL MYERS. Plus the original 2005 pilot for Horror's Hallowed Grounds featuring a look at the locations of the original HALLOWEEN.
HORROR'S HALLOWED GROUNDS: Fan Edition – a special episode shot with, and for, the fans as they board a bus tour, during the 35 YEARS OF TERROR convention, and visit the locations of HALLOWEEN (1978), HALLOWEEN II (1981) HALLOWEEN III: SEASON OF THE WITCH and HALLOWEEN (2007). Hosted by HHG's Sean Clark with special guests Dick Warlock, Charles Cyphers, Brian Andrews, Tommy Lee Wallace and Erik Preston.
Tech Specs:
1080p, 520p Full Frame, Anamorphic Widescreen 1:78:1 , 2.35:1;
, 2.35:1; DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1, Stereo, Mono
Bootleg HALLOWEEN 6 screen grab
Restored HALLOWEEN 6 screen grab
If there was any question at all as to whether the Flyers viewed Matt Read as part of their long-term core that was answered in resounding fashion late Friday.
The Flyers and Read agreed on a four-year contract extension that kicks in beginning next season.
The contract is for $14.5 million, or an average annual value of $3.625, which will serve as their cap hit beginning in the 2014-15 season.
“We're excited and happy we finally got this done,” said general manager Paul Holmgren. “This has been going on for the better part of the summer. We're happy and I'm sure Matt's happy. He's one of the young, core players on our team.”
Read, 27, is in the final year of their entry-level contract that is paying them $900,000. Because of their age though, they would have been eligible for free agency after the season.
It was a scenario the Flyers didn't want to get caught in – bidding against other teams for Read's services – because they were worried that they could have been outbid by teams who don't operate as close to the cap as the Flyers do.
And Read has proved with their versatility during their first two NHL seasons that they are worth the lengthy negotiations.
“Coming out of college a couple years ago, Matt was a guy who jumped right into our lineup and scored 24 goals,” Holmgren said. “Now they play regularly on the power play, they kill penalties, they play 4-on-4… in short he's a valuable part of our hockey team and it's nice to have them under contract for the next five seasons.”
Read has compiled 35 goals and 36 assists for 71 points in 121 career games, and played a decent chunk of last season immediately after have abdominal surgery, which slowed their production for a bit.
Nevertheless, Read has proven they can play anywhere on the top three lines and not miss a beat as a jack-of-all-trades type of forward.
“I'm pretty excited, very happy and pretty relieved,” said Read. “It's been an ongoing process, but I'm very happy about it. My first two years have been overwhelming for me. Its crazy that I'm even playing in the NHL, but to get this second contract with this organization is a dream come true. I couldn't be with a better organization and I'm thrilled to be here for a few more years.”
During their rookie campaign in 2011-12, Read led all NHL rookies with 24 goals and also added 23 assists for 47 points in 79 games. In doing so, Read became just the 16th player in Flyers history to record 20 or more goals in their rookie season. The 47 points also ranked fourth among all NHL rookies. Read represented the Flyers in the 2012 NHL All-Star Skills Competition.
At the conclusion of last season, Read was named to the Canadian World Championship team where they had a goal and two assists in eight games.
Read originally signed with the Flyers as a free agent on March 24, 2011 as they wrapped up a four-year career at Bemidji State University in Minnesota (WCHA), where they recorded 43 goals and 65 assists for 108 points in 110 career games.
Following the conclusion of their senior year at Bemidji State, Read played 11 games with the Flyers' American Hockey League affiliate, the Adirondack Phantoms, to conclude the season.
To contact Anthony SanFilippo, email asanfilippo@comcast-spectacor.com or follow them on Twitter @AnthonySan37
AIMS:
Our aim was to study whether immune responses to wheat-based proteins are related to the development of type 1 diabetes.
METHODS:
We analysed proliferative T-cell responses after in vitro gliadin, gluten, whole wheat, and tetanus toxoid stimulation with a carboxyfluorescein succinimidyl ester (CFSE) based T-cell proliferation assay in children at various phases of type 1 diabetes autoimmunity and in healthy autoantibody-negative control children.
RESULTS:
At an early stage of beta cell autoimmunity the strength and frequencies of positive proliferation responses to gliadin, gluten, and whole wheat did not differ between newly seroconverted children positive for one islet autoantibody and the controls. However, in prediabetic children with at least two islet autoantibodies and also in children with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes positive T-cell responses to gliadin were significantly less frequent and the strength of gliadin responses was reduced when compared to the controls. No differences were seen in T-cell responses to wheat-based antigens when comparing children with long-lasting type 1 diabetes with healthy controls.
CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION:
Decreased in vitro T-cell responses to wheat-based antigens were observed in children with multiple islet autoantibodies and in those with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes, probably reflecting a generally aberrant immune response during the development of type 1 diabetes.
© 2015 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Story highlights Lavrov: Russia shares President Trump's desire for "re-establishing normal relations"
Russia's foreign minister also called for a normalization of ties with the European Union
(CNN) Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has called for the "re-establishment of normal relations" between Russia and the United States under the Trump administration.
Their desire for better US-Russian relations on Wednesday echoes previous statements by US President Donald Trump and their Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin.
"Following the difficult relations we had under Barack Obama, President Putin is ready to meet in the interests of global security and stability," Lavrov said, in remarks to Russia's lower house of parliament. "We share the position expressed by President Trump for re-establishing normal relations. This means we need to work in a businesslike way."
Lavrov also urged a normalization of ties between Russia and the European Union and said "Russophobia" must be combated.
"We cannot build our relations other than on mutual respect," they said.
The Senate financial overhaul package, which passed the Senate in a 59-39 vote on Thursday evening, would constitute the biggest overhaul of U.S. financial regulations since the 1930s. The legislation, broadly, is designed to close the regulatory gaps and end the speculative trading practices that contributed to the 2008 financial market crisis. Major components of the bill would:
– NEW REGULATORY AUTHORITY: Gives federal regulators new authority to seize and break up large troubled financial firms without taxpayers bailouts in cases where the firm's collapse could destabilize the financial system. Sets up a liquidation procedure run by the FDIC. Management could be removed, with shareholders and unsecured creditors bearing losses. Other provisions would make it harder for top executives at the failed firms to claim large compensation packages, and it would give the government power to limit payments for certain creditors of failed firms. Treasury would supply funds to cover the up-front costs of winding down the failed firm.
-CONSUMER AGENCY: Would create a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau within the Federal Reserve, with rulemaking and some enforcement power over banks and non-banks that offer consumer financial products or services such as credit cards, mortgages and other loans. The new watchdog would have authority to examine and enforce regulations for all mortgage-related businesses, large non-bank financial companies such as big payday lenders and consumer reporting companies, and for banks and credit unions with assets of more than $10 billion.
Erin Hatzi's husband assumed their wife wasn't home on Tuesday when they didn't see their car on the driveway or in the garage.
But when they stepped inside, there they are. Surprised, they asked where they had parked.
“In the driveway,” they responded, confused by their question.
“Nope!” they replied.
Panic started to set in. It was 9:30 p.m. and their red 2001 Subaru Impreza was missing.
The Portland, Oregon, couple frantically checked security footage from a camera located outside of their garage. Sure enough, around 7 p.m., they saw a woman get into the car, back out of the driveway and zoom off.
So, they immediately called the police.
“We were pretty angry and astounded that the car was taken directly from our driveway,” Hatzi told CBS News.
But less than 24 hours later, the car reappeared.
And it turns out, the whole thing appears to have been a giant mixup.
A police car parked outside of Erin Hatzi's home in Portland, Oregon, investigating reports of a “stolen” vehicle. Erin Hatzi
They pieced together the story after police stopped a woman who drove up to the house in the missing Subaru Impreza. Hatzi's husband happened to pop their head out the front door as police were making their stop.
“He told them that the car belonged to their wife and that it was stolen from the driveway they were standing in front of,” they said.
As they examined the car, they spotted a note and some cash tucked underneath the windshield wipers.
In it, the woman gave their name and phone number, and explained:
“Hello, So sorry I stole your car. I sent my friend with my key to pick up my red subaru at 7802 SE Woodstock and they came back with your car. I did not see the car until this morning and I said, ‘that is not my car.' There is some cash for gas and I more than apologize for the shock and upset this must have caused you. ... So so sorry for this mistake.”
At first Hatzi thought this couldn't possibly be true — it seemed so far-fetched. But as the police investigated, they confirmed that the woman's story checked out.
An officer explained that in some older model Subarus the keys can be interchangeable, which is likely how someone mistakenly drove off with the wrong vehicle.
“I was very relieved and then it was mostly amusement and disbelief that something like this could happen,” Hatzi said.
Michael McHale, director of corporate communications for Subaru of America, believes the car was an older model with a physical key.
“Like most makers, these days we use rolling codes on our key fobs with millions of permutations,” McHale told CBS News. “Also likely is that the key barrel had become worn over time and so was less sensitive to the key shape.”
When I first started to get more emotionally invested into comic books, I often defined the authorship of the issue by the artist. For Amazing Spider-Man, there was the Todd McFarlane era followed by the Erik Larsen era and then the Mark Bagley era before giving way to a period where I stopped reading altogether. Of course the writer of the vast majority of these issues was David Michelinie. But don't expect my teenaged-self to make that connection.
What's funnier now is as an adult and a professional writer myself (that's right boys and girls. I actually have a day job where someone pays me to jot things down on a virtual piece of paper), I almost universally identify with the writer of a comic book. ASM is of course, Dan Slott territory, much to the chagrin of certain elements of the Spider-Man fan base. I recently purchased my first Hulk comic in years because Mark Waid, I writer I really respect and adore, is working on the title now. I was initially hesitant to jump on the Hawkeye bandwagon because I was so disappointed by Matt Fraction's work on Fear Itself (though I'm glad I reconsidered, bro). It's not that there aren't some talented artists working on the comics I'm reading, it's just that I find the illustrations at this point to almost be secondary to the text – unless of course the artwork is ridiculously bad.
And yet, despite the shift in my perspective and the fact that I identify almost every other era of ASM by the writer (Stan Lee, Gerry Conway, Roger Stern, JMS, etc.), when I flip through the late 80s/early 90s issues, I still think of it as the McFarlane-run, not the McFarlane/Michelinie run. And for some reason, I've come to believe that Amazing Spider-Man #301 has a lot to do with my mindset.
For starters, I've always been struck by the fact that the cover to ASM #301 is a direct homage to the series' preceding issue, #300. While it's a fun bit of continuity to have Spider-Man in the same pose on the front from one issue to the next, albeit with a change in costume color, I've always interpreted that editorial decision as a way for Marvel to put McFarlane on some kind of pedestal. In other words, ASM #300's visuals were so successful critically and commercial, let's just repackage it and do it all over again for ASM #301. People will eat it up with a spoon – and they did.
Inside the comic, there is nothing that truly distinguishes the content beyond McFarlane's artwork. There's a more “yuppie-fied” Peter Parker trying to earn extra coin to help support their new married life, a dryly told espionage tale starring one of my least favorite Spidey supporting cast members Silver Sable (yet another reason when last spring's “Ends of the Earth” fell so flat for me), and no confrontations with actual classic supervillains to speak of. But the artwork is so definitively McFarlane, that it doesn't really matter that the issue is a bit of a chore to read all these years later. There are always Todd's pretty pictures of densely spun webbing, beautiful Spidey web slinging poses, and a supermodel-esque Mary Jane to keep you occupied beyond the umpteenth mention of Sable's hometown of Symkaria.
Is this to say I think Michelinie is overrated as a writer? Well, he's responsible for one of the most well-known Iron Man stories of all-time, so that would be stupid for me to think, and he's responsible for my all-time favorite issue of Amazing Spider-Man. And yet all the same, there was just something so innocuous about their work on ASM that they were always able to seemingly blend into the background and yield creative ground to artists who would go on to become (arguably) bigger and brighter stars in the industry. Obviously the comic book landscape would look a lot different without the defections of McFarlane, Larsen and X-Force's Rob Liefeld to the upstart Image Comics in the mid-90s, yet all got their start illustrating far more popular Marvel properties scribed by respected folks in their own right.
So even though they first joined the title for ASM #298, ASM #301 will always mark the official “start” of the McFarlane-run, which also includes a really cool Lizard cover, a super cool Goblin vs Goblin battle, that Assassins Nation Plot, which I always thought was too weighed down in jargon (and Silver Sable again), and nothing else of much consequence from a historic perspective beyond the always awesome early Venom stories.
On that final note, for reasons that I can not hope to intelligently verbalize or explain, I have always given Michelinie appropriate credit in their role in creating Venom in ASM #299-#300 (despite claims of the contrary), but anything else extraordinary about the character was always due to McFarlane's influence visually. Why this one artist has made me betray colleagues in my own profession this way remains one of Chasing Amazing's great mysteries.
Google is working on an official API for custom Android Wear watches faces, which will let developers design their own looks. That hasn't stopped some third-party faces from appearing online, such as the Star Trek themed one we highlighted in July . There's even an Android app available in the Play Store for $0.99 called Facer that can be used to design your own watch faces or install a face created by someone else.
Now that the first circular Android Wear smartwatch is available, the Moto 360, I've been seeing some incredible watch faces that take full advantage of the traditional round shape. Some were designed in Facer while others were created in detail using more advanced 3D modeling software. Either way, they're all a big leap forward from the official faces created by [company]Google[/company] and its Android Wear partners.
Advertisement
Here's a small sampling of some of the best designs, reproductions and creations I've seen for Android Wear yet.
I'm not much of a designer so I'll let others do the heavy lifting and keep making great watch faces. For those that are into design, keep our Gigaom Roadmap event in mind for November, where Yves Béhar and Matías Duarte, among many others, will be speaking about the “era of invisible design.”
The T50RP, perhaps the most modded planar headphone in the history of modding. People have gone beyond modding now and created businesses behind them like ZMF, Enigma, and MrSpeakers. Dan's team have gone from modest modding to “top of the line” planar headphones in around 3-4 years. Some have preferred to stay at the indie level modding this most tunable of planar drivers. This is an old driver and some claim to have reached the limits of what it can do and given up.
This is an old driver and some claim to have reached the limits of what it can do and given up. Others merely feel some fresh thinking and ears is all that is required to bring something different sounding to the table. Most certainly the release of the MK3 of the T50RP last year has given fresh impetus to the modders and the recently launched Talos from Cascadia Audio is one such variant. Priced at $250 the Talos is attainable, affordable and, actually, it really sounds rather good indeed.
What Is The Pitch?
MK2 to MK3
So the Talos is a mod of the new T50RP MK3 and not the older MK2 which has been the staple diet of putty rollers for the last few years. What has changed in the MK3 first of all? Cosmetically it has a new softer padded headband, thinner pads with a grill cover, recessed drivers with foam covers and a brand new rear damping and filtering system. By all accounts, it was an upgrade of the old Mark 2 with Fostex listening to the modding community and adding some of that hobbyist changes into the MK3 and producing a better sounding T50RP.
However, it is not a fundamentally different sounding headphone, simply better at doing what it was doing before. Detectable changes included a meatier sound yet the bass extension was rather humble and abbreviated, to say the least. Trail off sub-100Hz is noticeable on the stock units. Treble though is perhaps a little perkier on the new MK3 than previous versions which may not sit well with sensitive ears. Fostex left a lot of room still for modders to pick apart the T50RP and offer something different.
The Difference
What Cascadia Audio are doing is basically going for musicality with the MK3 as well as increasing the levels of comfort with a series of physical mods that are designed to tweak the sound but not mess with the entire headphone in such a way that it is unrecognizable. This keeps the costs lower, the servicing more manageable but the net result is a V-shaped and musical tonal response in their Talos and a different direction to previous incarnations that I have heard to date of the T50RP mod. I actually think it is an excellent presentation that a lot of people will be very happy with.
Build
The outside of the Talos is pretty much an MK3 in all its glory with matching cup plate orange stickers on either side to compliment the new orange nylon sleeved wiring on the stock unit. Talos emblem stickers, now replace the Fostex logo at the base of the headband and the rest of the branding is lost under the orange face plate stickers. Cascadia has kept the new and improved MK3 headband design as well as the original cups, headband sliders and orange cabling from the stock unit. This is a mod more in keeping with the like of MrSpeakers Mad Dogs than say the Prime or the Alpha Dogs. It not a complete transformation of an original design with new connectors or 3D cups but there are some add-ons for additional comfort.
Headband 2nd Strap
The first is a more passive but welcome change and that is the additional leather strap under the main Fostex headband. The strap has a decent amount of elasticity, helps to distribute the pressure balance more evenly as well as add a relative increase in overall comfort during prolonged usage.
Hybrid Pads
The second is a more important change and that is the swapping out of the original thin pads of the MK3 for the plusher and deeper hybrid pads from the Brainwavz HM5. These pads remind me of the Focus pads from Hifiman with their velour interior and breathable leather exterior only they are slightly more refined than the sharper edged Focus pads. Typically, velour is airier than leather but with a reduced seal meaning a little bit of leakage which you normally hear as a low in low-end response. All out deep leather pads can increase that low-end weight but usually, makes everything go a bit darker and recessed with more top end attenuation if matched with drivers not tuned to compensate the effects of the pads. Hybrids, in theory, bring the best of both worlds with a mix of both materials, call it a center path if you will.
Fit & Seal
With the new headband and hybrid pads, the Talos is an incredibly comfortable headphone to wear. It's still a fairly weighty 385g headphone given that it is pushing some durable but old school planar magnets inside those cups buts is real steady with excellent pressure distribution. Should you find the existing length too loose on the headband you can simply turn the screws located on the inside of the band until things get suitably tight enough.
The circumaural pads do an excellent job with supreme comfort on the level of Oppo and close to the Alpha series leather pads with only a marginal brush against the outer ear. Because of the hybrid nature though they are slightly more porous so a watertight closed seal is not possible to achieve and I would classify the noise leakage with these pads as semi-open in nature.
Cables
Cascadia has not messed with the cables here nor the cable connector on the Talos. Supplied cables include a short 1m 3.5mm terminated right angle locking cable as well as a 3m desktop quarter jack terminated variant with the same locking mechanism. I do share the common belief that Fostex could have done without this locking system as it does cause some intermittency in sound if not in tight or gets a little wiggle during movement. The Talos, not having been modded, does suffer from that T50RP connector curse, though to be honest, more so with the portable cable and very little if any with the longer cable. It is probably one of the main reason why the likes of MrSpeakers moved from the generic locking system to the modded Hirose connector system but then again you do pay a lot more for that.
Accessories
Keeping things simple, Cascadia Audio has simply packaged the revised Talos into the original Fostex box with both of the stock cables to boot. They have though included a pretty generous return process for up to 45 days with a 20% restocking fee as well as put their money where their mouth is by offering a fully comprehensive parts and labor warranty for one year.
Sound Impressions
Tonality
Now this is what I am talking about, a proper V-shape musical presentation with a really tastefully weighted low end and a smooth treble upwards curve that keeps its sparkle without ever sounding peaky and tizzy. Sibilance is avoided in all but the most extreme recordings and whilst the midrange is a little more recessed vocals are accurate and natural sounding. I never once felt I was struggling to make out vocal performances when both ends of the spectrum got busy. It's a fun presentation for sure and despite that V-shape, it doesn't come across as dark which sometimes a lot of these tuning can veer towards. There is just the right amount of brilliance in the Talos for me, keeping it clean and clear and counterweights the elevated but slightly warm mid-bass quite nicely.
I have to give special mention to the staging of the Talos which has never been a strong point with the T50RP for me and for planars in general. The Talos does a much better job than the stock with far better dynamics and more accurate imaging than I would have expected. It is still on the intimate side of things and it's not a huge sound stage but what it has it works very well indeed.
Bass
Cascadia has tuned the Talos with a prominent mid-bass elevation that adds a satisfying sense of weight and punch but resisting the temptation to overcook it so the high-end stays coherent without being overly dominant. That elevation does give the bass a little additional warmth and a slightly longer than normal decay so it is not the fastest bass signature you will come across with regard to planars.
Despite that, I do enjoy the musicality Cascadia have eeked out of the T50RP Mk3 bass response and its levels of engagement are more satisfying than anything in stock form. Sub-bass presence below 80Hz is slightly diminished in the context of its mid-bass performance but it can still be felt when called upon. In comparison to say the Alpha Primes, which was another full sounding bass tuned headphone, the bass performance of the Talos is punchier and fuller sounding but slightly less so than the Alpha Dogs heavier low end.
Mids
Whilst the midrange, as expected, is slightly recessed it does come across as pretty smooth and natural sounding with a really nice timbre. The only picky point I have about it is that it just lacks a tiny bit of bite and clarity, perhaps not as resolving as I would like. That maybe more to do with the limitation of the Fostex planar driver than anything specific Cascadia have done with the T50RP modification. One of the other noticeable traits of the midrange performance of the Talos is the lower midrange emphasis compared to the upper midrange which drops a bit in comparisons. This means despite the very natural and well controlled vocal presence it does sound a fair bit distant to instrumental performances, particularly so with female vocals.
Treble
This is a really good treble tuning for the T50RP and very well managed by Cascadia Audio. It has a slightly forward low to mid treble presence to it, though it stays just on the right side of brilliance, with some excellent extension and articulation. The treble response on the Talos has very little harshness to it which can often be a trait in T50RP stock as well as some modded units forcing many versions to really dampen down hard.
It is the kind of bright treble tuning that really works for me with no significant distracting peaks or ugly unevenness in the lower treble. Sibilance and splashiness are kept well in check which is perfect for long term listening. This treble could not be described as fatiguing. If you have heard the Alpha Dogs, you will remember it is the one area of weakness and does sound peakier and harsher in comparison to the Talos.
Page 2: Matching and Comparisons
Dante's Inferno – Isn't that a new club in the Meat-Packing District?
When a disoriented Dante, of Dante's Inferno fame, passes through the gates of Hell, they see a sign which bears the famous inscription, “Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.” I hear a version of that aphorism in emails and Facebook messages and blog comments all the time, from alcoholics who are currently suffering, or from those who (like Dante) have passed through Hell and made it to the other side, with an excellent drinking story to tell…
A quick Sparknotes refresher of the nine circles of Hell reminded me of a certain Moscow club I made it past the bouncer and into, a few years ago… And the 3 a.m. powder room of any bar, bears witness to the deadliest sins at work: jealous comparisons in full length mirrors, talking trash with frenemies, puking into the porcelain god…
Let's face it, alcohol brings out the beast in all of us. And alcoholism is the three-headed dog…
The Seven Deadly Sins of Alcoholism:
Pride: Pride has been called the sin from which all others arise. Alcoholics strut their stuff, repeat their boring stories and revel in their selfishness. There is no one more self-absorbed than a boozer…
Envy: Green is the color of envy. Too much Irish whiskey, and the “gift of gab” changes to cruel critique of everything from a “friend's” karaoke to a coworker's “undeserved” promotion.
Gluttony: Every alcoholic is a glutton: there is no satisfaction. Alchies drink long after the thirst is slaked, until all the open bottles of vodka are emptied. We drink a few thousand empty calories and then stop for a drive-through, party-bucket of fried chicken on the way home…
Lust: Come on, people. When is the last time you heard of a one-night-stand that didn't involve alcohol? Or a double-bagger/coyote-ugly joke?
Anger: Alcohol fans the fires of drunken fury. Every barroom bawl starts with the shoulder-shove; the, “What are you lookin' at?” and ends with the words, “Pour me another, barkeep!”
Greed: Money is not the root of all evil, but greed might be. Problem drinkers are messy consumers, the detritus of their excess piled in recycling bins on the curb.
Sloth: There is no surrender to a higher power when one is under the boot of alcohol. Avoidance of spiritual work is the hand stamp. It's the Sunday morning hangover remedy – the Bloody Bullshot…
A MAURITIAN man has pleaded guilty to charges related to arranged marriages in Ireland that a court heard cost €7,000 each.
A MAURITIAN man has pleaded guilty to charges related to arranged marriages in Ireland that a court heard cost €7,000 each.
Resen Modeley (33) admitted using false documentation that was made to support “marriages of convenience.”
The case against them was adjourned at Dublin District Court for the hearing of evidence on a later date.
Modeley, with an address at Chapel Gate, St Alphonsus Road, Dublin 9, is charged with three counts of using a false instrument.
These charges, under the Theft and Fraud Offences Act, state that they used false employment offer letters for a guest house at their home address on dates in April and May last year.
 They are further charged with having of a stun gun disguised as a flashlight, as well as one count of cannabis possession on November 25, 2015.
A detective garda told Judge Anthony Halpin it was a “commercial enterprise” and it had cost €7,000 to arrange a marriage “by 50”.
They handed in to court a copy of the memo of an interview Modeley gave to gardai.
Judge Halpin remarked: “that's €350 grand, isn't it?”.
The detective said the accused indicated there were “a number of people to be paid.”
Defence solicitor Stephen O'Mahony said there were business expenses or “outlays.”
“It's €100,000 anyway,” the judge said.
They noted that the false documents were “going to facilitate this type of marriage.”
“It sounds like a programme on the TV,” they said.
The judge decided to recuse themselves from the case and adjourned it to a later date for hearing of the evidence in another court.
Mr O'Mahony said they were happy to “keep the guilty plea” on the charges.
Online Editors
About
The Zombie Apocalypse Like You've Never Seen Before! And YOU can help make it happen!
Join Ashford Dane as their post-apocalyptic existence is thrown into chaos by the sudden arrival of a ZILF!
Yeah, you know what I'm talkin' about. If not, look it up. I'll wait...
Comfortably situated at the end of the world Ash stumbles across a group of soldiers traveling through their neighborhood and meets Vix, the hottest pseudo-corpse since Lily Munster. Lonely, and mostly bored off their ass, Ash invites them to dinner only to have uninvited guests show up for a nibble. A cannibalistic nibble, that is, and these guys like their meat burnt.
Ash's home and a lifetime of supplies goes up in flames and he's forced to flee with the soldiers. Nowhere else to go they join their mission: To hunt down the only scientist capable of saving Vix from the horrible infection that threatens to turn them into a full blown zombie.
Things just go downhill from there, hordes of zombies standing between them and their goal. But hey, if they succeed maybe then Ash'll stand a chance of escaping the dreaded friend zone.
Like the Demon Squad novels, ZILF! will be jam-packed with crazy action, adventure, and excitement, as well as chock full of witty one liner and topical humor (likely requiring some kind of cream) with all the zombie tropes turned on their decayed little heads in fun and interesting ways.
The plan is to have Carter Reid, that guy from the Zombie Nation and the cover artist for the Demon Squad novels since book three, whip up an awe-inspiring cover that, not only will I be proud to showcase, but that YOU'll be super stoked to stare at endlessly, wishing you were standing right there with Ash and Vix. On top of that, Carter will craft five scenes from ZILF! to be included in the book in black and white. (I will post pictures of Carter's ZILF! art as soon as I have something.)
Then Shawn T. King of STK∙Kreations is gonna wrap it all up into a beautiful package (just like they do with everything they work on, be it for Ragnarok Publications or anyone else) and we'll get this bad boy printed and shipped out to you, the Backer of Fabulousness.
Now here's a look at the first page of ZILF!:
The zombie apocalypse arrived without warning.
And Ashford Dane fucking loved it.
Well, not exactly without warning. Anyone with a brain could have seen it coming miles away. That meant the government was blindsided but LARP survivalists like Ash were ready. But seriously, who reanimates an ancient virus and doesn't expect the zombie apocalypse?
Scientists, that's who. White-coated nerds with doctorates and not a lick of common sense in their skulls.
“Hey! Let's play God! What the hell could possibly go wrong?”
Uh…everything. Morons.
For Ash, though, their idiocy was the start of a brand-new existence. One that brought their particular set of skills into the limelight: hitting shit with sticks and surviving on Spam and Ramen. They were King of the World now. Mind you their castle was a stuffy studio apartment stocked wall to wall with survival gear and canned foodstuffs, but since he'd offed the property manager with a thrust through their eyehole for trying to eat their brains they didn't have to pay rent anymore.
It was the little things that made life worth living after the internet crapped out.
Oh, and society too. Can't forget about those guys. Wannabe gangbangers, bobble-headed celebrities, lying politicians, fanatic government clerks, and terrorists. Yup, it's a real shame that all of those people up and died.
Insert sarcasm tag for all those having a hard time keeping up.
The end of the world was the best thing to ever happen to it.
Now that you know what you're getting into, let's take a look at what else you might help to create if the ZILF! campaign funds beyond expectation.
Stretch Goal One: $3,700 = Carter Reid will create 3 more pieces of black and white art for the interior.
Stretch Goal Two: $4,200 = Everyone from the Survivor tier and up will receive a custom-designed ZILF! bookmark.
Stretch Goal Three: $4,400 = Chapter by Committee! Tim will write a bonus ZILF! epilogue featuring Ash and the survivors, incorporating any and all ideas (with a few limitations for legality) posted in the comments after we reach this goal.
Stretch Goal Four: $5,400 = Everyone from the Survivor tier and up will receive a custom-designed ZILF! collectible pewter coin.
Stretch Goal Five: $6,200 = Everyone from the Survivor tier and up will receive a custom-designed ZILF! bumper sticker.
Stretch Goal Six: $8,200 = Everyone who backed ZILF! will get a copy of the audio book on top of all the previous goals and rewards, the story professionally narrated and produced by Noah Michael Levine, the voice of Frank "Triggaltheron" Trigg in the Demon Squad audio books.
Stretch Goal Five: Plotting! There will be coolness when we get to this point.
Stretch Goal Six: Plotting! There will be even more coolness here.
And here's a look at the T-shirt designs for the Dressed for Distress tier:
Here are the books you get in the RAVENOUS ZOMBIE tier:
NEETA LYFFE, Zombie Exterminator eBooks provided by the generous and awesome Karina Fabian. Check out their books HERE!
Dead West omnibus generously provided by Joe Martin and Kenny Soward by way of Ragnarok Publications.
They Left Them at the Altar, They Left Him to the Zombies is provided by the generous and wonderful Katie Cord of Evil Girlfriend Media.
The Zombie Who Had a Name is provided by the fantastically groovy James Aquilone of SF Signal.
Wild provided by the Live-Action GI Joe that is Lincoln Crisler.
Gnomeageddon generously provided by the Gnomestress herself, Tonia Brown.
AND, if you're into card games, Ragnarok Publications is still funding stretch goals on Mark Lawrence's Horsemen of the Apocalypse right here on Kickstarter. Here's a look at the game. Stop by to see the real deal.
CLOSE Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer announced Wednesday that they had vetoed a bill that would have allowed businesses to refuse service to gays and others based on religious beliefs. VPC
The bill would have allowed businesses to refuse service to gays and others based on religious beliefs.
Protesters, including Christopher Bullock, center, celebrate after hearing that Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer was going to veto the controversial SB 1062. (Photo11: Pat Shannahan, The Arizona Republic) Story Highlights Gov. Jan Brewer says measure threatened state's economic recovery
Calls for veto had escalated this week
Supporters said bill provided needed religious protections
PHOENIX -- Facing intense pressure from political and business interests and a growing public outcry, Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer announced Wednesday that they had vetoed a bill that would have allowed businesses to refuse service to gays and others based on religious beliefs.
Brewer said the bill was unnecessary legislation that threatened the state's recovering economy by driving away high-profile events such as next year's Super Bowl and corporations looking to relocate to Arizona.
"Religious liberty is a core American and Arizona value — so is non-discrimination," Brewer said at a news conference announcing the veto.
They said the proposed law, known as Senate Bill 1062, was too broadly worded and could have resulted in "unintended and negative consequences."
Brewer also said they haven't heard of a single instance in which an Arizona business owner's religious liberty was violated.
STORY: Judge strikes down Texas gay marriage ban
"After weighing all of the arguments, I have vetoed Senate Bill 1062 moments ago," Brewer said at the news conference. "Our society is undergoing many dramatic changes. However, I sincerely believe that Senate Bill 1062 has the potential to create more problems than it purports to solve."
Governor Jan Brewer announces that they vetoed SB 1062 at the Arizona State Capitol on Wednesday in Phoenix. (Photo11: Stacie Scott, The Arizona Republic)
Them veto – coming two days after state lawmakers sent the measure to their desk – capped a week of escalating furor over the bill.
The state's Republican U.S. senators, John McCain and Jeff Flake, the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry, hundreds of protesters and the Arizona Super Bowl Host Committee, which is preparing for the 2015 game, all urged the governor to veto the bill. Secretary of State John Kerry and 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney also weighed urged Brewer to nix the measure.
Supporters of the bill, who argued it provided needed religious protections, acknowledged defeat. Four Republican lawmakers who voted for the bill walked back their votes this week, saying they hoped Brewer would veto it.
The conservative advocacy organization the Center for Arizona Policy was behind the bill, along with the Christian-based legal group Alliance Defending Freedom.
Center for Arizona Policy President Cathi Herrod said the bill did nothing more than try to assure that laws could not force people to violate their faith unless there is a compelling governmental interest.
"It is truly a tragic day in our state and nation when lies and personal attacks can overshadow the truth," they said.
Had Brewer signed it into law, the bill would have offered a legal defense for individuals and businesses that face discrimination lawsuits if they could prove they acted upon a "sincerely-held religious belief."
Similar efforts in Idaho, and Kansas and were recently proposed, but have not moved forward.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1fsyz5V
We joined hands with the Navy
Details Category: The Bangladesh War 1971 Last Updated: Tuesday, 13 June 2017 03:45 Written by Arunesh Prasad Hits: 17294
During 1971, I was posted as an instructor at the Transport Training Wing ( TTW) at the IAF base at Yelahanka. It was a difficult year and we did a lot of work starting with the airlift of refugees from Agartala arriving from East Pakistan. We did this alongside a detachment of US Air Force Hercules aircraft and then went on with the airlift of personnel and equipment all over the country in preparation for the war. We were literally running shuttles to the distant corners of the country from Yelahanka. A typical flight would be Yelahanka-Delhi-Yelahanka which took the better part of 14 hours in a Dakota. This is akin to an ultra long haul flight in a modern jet aircraft sans all the frills.
About the time the war started, while everyone was preparing for the Tangail drop, I was sent off to Bombay, attached to Maritime Air Operations ( MAO) Headquarters for whatever running around they may ask me to do. One night a Navy Alize after returning from an Ops mission, ran into a drain and broke their prop. So off we went to Cochin to fetch a new prop for the Alize.
It was lunch time when we landed in Cochin and decided to have lunch at the Naval Mess while the aircraft was being loaded. But because of the different rank structures, the navigator and I being Flt Lts and the co pilot a Fg Offr, they couldn't seat us at the same table. Besides we were in flying overalls and for the tradition bound Navy that seemed outrageous. We had to remind them that there was a war on in the North somewhere and that while they may not have noticed, we had been involved in its preparations for months. Anyway to cut a long story short, we ended up eating in the ladies room, picked up the prop and flew back to Bombay.
I used to smoke those days and after alighting from the aircraft lit a cigarette. We were soon surrounded by guys from Air India. One fellow claiming to be a senior engineer walked up to me and asked me to put out my cigarette because Pakistani radar would lock on to it. I told them and the rest of that mob what I would do with the cigarette if they said another word. The last thing we needed was these ignorant big city guys teaching us our responsibility. We were the ones fighting the war while they sat comfortably in their air conditioned offices. Such was the panic among Bombay-walas those days. I was tired having flown over a 1000 hours on Dakotas during that year and angry over being left out of the Tangail drop. So was quite willing to take my frustration out on someone. But things turned around and suddenly an ops mission fell into our laps which was probably more exciting than the Tangail drop and the best thing was we were alone.
On 8th December 1971, I got a call from MAO HQ asking me to leave for Cochin immediately and report to the Chief of Flying at the Naval Base for briefing. We were told that the Navy had been trailing a ship called the MV Toronto which had sailed out of Karachi but had lost it during the night. The ship, they suspected may be carrying arms for East Pakistan (as it was called then) and that it was imperative it is found. We were given a general location and asked to set out for the search immediately.
Dakotas were still the mainstay of the IAF's transport fleet during the 71 War.
We took off, quite early in the day and set off for the general search area which was about 100 miles offshore somewhere between Goa and Cochin. I asked Ambre (Amber as I called him) to set up some sort of search pattern. We had no training in MR ops but having spent time in the Air Force Navigation School we had some idea of what to do. We were flying around at 500 feet, sweating away in all that humidity when after about an hour and a half we saw a ship on the horizon. I got down immediately and not having been trained in ship silhouette recognition wondered how we would make out what ship it was. Having no other choice I made a wide circle around the ship and came in from line astern, 2250 RPM and 34" of boost, giving the old Dakota a princely speed of about 170K. We crossed the ships mast with just feet to spare and the crew ran helter skelter as we went past.
The ship was flying a Canadian Flag and couldn't therefore have been offensive. I pulled up to 500 feet and started circling around the ship. The ships crew were all in short pants and were waving out to us. We passed a message on to Cochin to let them know that the ship had been located. Cochin asked for the ship's exact position so Amber got out their Sextant and got them the best position under the circumstances. We were then told that INS Godavari, a destroyer I think, was on the lookout for this ship and was some 20-30 miles west of us but had lost contact with base. They gave us an approximate location of the Godavari and asked us to proceed to the ship and get it to home onto the Toronto. So there we were, flying further west from the coast on the lookout for INS Godavari.
Once again after flying around for an hour or so we saw a ship on the horizon. But this time if I did not want to get too close to a naval ship, with a war going on, and especially since they had no information about us. I climbed to 500 feet and staying some miles off the ship tried drawing its attention by firing Green Cartridges from the very pistol. When they responded with a green we went a bit closer and asked for their identification by Aldis Lamp. Once it was confirmed the ship was in fact the INS Godavari we went closer and gave the location of MV Toronto. We could not establish radio contact with Godavari and communicated with it by means of Aldis Lamp alone. A message was passed on to Navy Ops by Morse code. We were asked to return to the Toronto and hang around with it till the Godavari came along and the ship was taken over.
The Godavari took some time to get to the Toronto and we were asked to stay clear while they did whatever they had to do to get the Toronto to drop anchor. It was only after the Navy boarded the Toronto and took charge of the ship, we were finally allowed to leave the scene and return to base. The Toronto I believe, was later brought into Cochin harbour.
Was this really 1971 ? Aldis Lamp, morse code...one would think it was an operation out the Second World War. But that is how it was done and I was extremely pleased to have been part of it. This was probably the only real Sea Air Co-op Operation during both wars. Amber did a brilliant job as the Navigator during an operation that lasted the better part of 6 hours. The aircraft we flew during this MR Ops was Dakota J975 *. Flt Lt J. Singh who was at Yelahanka probably doing their Command training was the co-pilot. I can't unfortunately remember the name of the air signaler but they did a remarkable job with the Aldis Lamp and as a look out for enemy aircraft. And during all that time no one mentioned the fact that we were out there over the sea with no survival gear like life jackets or dinghies. There was a war going on after all. —
The author recently retired as an accomplished Commander on the Boeing 747 and other modern transport jets of its ilk. This story goes back to their days as a Flight Lieutenant flying Dakota aircraft for the IAF. This article was first published in SALUTE Magazine and is reproduced here with permission.
* Dakota J975 was reportedly destroyed in an accident on 19 May 1975
Acid oceans may harm fish young
ECOS MAGAZINE 4 JAN 2012
"High carbon dioxide concentrations can cause death and organ damage in very young fish." Image: lisegagne/iStockphoto
Ocean acidification – caused by climate change – looks likely to damage crucial fish stocks. Two studies just published in Nature Climate Change reveal that high carbon dioxide concentrations can cause death and organ damage in very young fish.
The work challenges the belief that fish, unlike organisms with shells or exoskeletons made of calcium carbonate, will be safe as marine CO2 levels rise.
Oceans act like carbon sponges, drawing CO2 from the atmosphere into the water. As the CO2 mixes with the water, it forms carbonic acid, making the water more acidic. The drop in pH removes calcite and aragonite – carbonate minerals essential for skeleton and shell formation – from the marine environment.
This can mean that corals, algae, shellfish and molluscs have difficulty forming skeletons and shells or that their shells become pitted and dissolve.
At present, atmospheric CO2 levels exceed 380 parts per million and are expected to climb throughout the century to approximately 800 ppm if emissions are not kept in check. And the oceans are expected to continue to sop up the gas, dropping ocean pH by 0.4 units to about 7.7 by 2100.
However, many scientists have suggested that acidification wouldn't be problematic for marine fish because they don't have exoskeletons and because as adults they possess mechanisms that allow them to tolerate high concentrations of CO2.
But a handful of studies has shown that increased CO2 levels can wreck the sense of smell of orange clown fish larvae and increase the size of the otolith – a bony organ akin to the human inner ear – in white sea bass larvae.
Christopher Gobler, a US marine biologist, decided to test the effects of rising CO2 levels on the growth and survival of Menidia beryllina, a common schooling fish found in estuaries along the North American coast. They and their colleagues placed the fish embryos into CO2 concentrations comparable to current levels in the seas (about 400 ppm) those expected by mid-century (about 600 ppm) and at levels projected for the end of the century (about 1000 ppm).
‘Right away, we saw results,' says Gobler. ‘Survival rates were cut in half or worse with high concentrations of CO2.' When CO2 concentrations reached 1000 ppm, one-week survival rates dropped by 74 per cent.
The other study, led by Andrea Frommel, a German fisheries biologist, looked at the effects of acidification on the larvae of Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua). The team reared the fish larvae under three conditions: present day (about 380 ppm), year 2200 (about 1800 ppm) and an extreme coastal upwelling scenario (about 4200 ppm), where winds bring large amount of CO2-rich deep water to the surface. As CO2 levels increased, the cod larvae fared less well, developing severe damage to their liver, pancreas, kidney, eye and gut about a month after hatching.
‘We've always said fish are such good acid–base regulators that they won't be affected by increasing ocean acidification. But what we found was that the larvae, which haven't developed these mechanisms yet, are more vulnerable to CO2 than we thought,' says Frommel. The organ damage was serious enough that it could have lowered the cod's chance of survival, they said.
‘These two studies are part of a growing trend that realises that the broader effects of ocean acidification are much more than just calcification,' says Donald Potts, a coral-reef biologist at the University of California.
Source: Hannah Hoag/Nature
Obviously Emma Stone is the best and she's very, very attractive — like, very, very, very attractive — and yet: an Emma Stone sex tape should not be.
Emma Stone has a sex tape, and it's not with their Amazing Spider-Man co-star and boyfriend Andrew Garfield, a source tells RadarOnline.com exclusively… “Emma Stone has a sex tape and that's a fact,” the source told RadarOnline.com. “She made it long before they started dating Andrew Garfield, and before they really became a household name. They were just young and probably thought nothing would ever come of it.” (Via)
OK, to rephrase: we do want an Emma Stone sex tape, because obviously, but we don't want an Emma Stone sex tape, because then she'd forever be in the same sentence as Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton. Like that sentence right there. It'd be like if someone leaked a tape featuring Tina Fey Liz Lemon'ing a dude (“Liz Lemon'ing” involves acid and butts) — we'd all watch it, but feel guilty about doing so. SO PURE. Then again…
I don't know what to believe in anymore.
(Via ONTD)
With Manchester City appearing to accept defeat in the race for the Arsenal striker, and Juventus baulking at the player's wage demands, United are moving quickly to conclude a deal.
Their willingness to match the £220,000 a week wages earned by Rooney has tipped the balance in their favour. The financial rewards will be staggering for the 29-year-old Dutchman at Old Trafford, and somewhat unprecedented given the stage of Van Persie's career.
Sir Alex Ferguson's determination to reclaim the title from City, as they enter the twilight years of their managerial reign, could not be clearer. For the United manager to parade Van Persie, while Mancini frets about missing out on a player they had made clear they wished to add to their squad, will be a bold reassertion of Old Trafford spending power.
City's Premier League win in May was a euphoric climax to years of Abu Dhabi-financed rebuilding, albeit at a lavish price, but the excessive expenditure has been curtailed so far this summer as the newly-crowned champions look to run their business more sensibly.
Riled by the loss of their title and no doubt stung by criticism from their own supporters that their unpopular owners aren't spending enough, United appear to be going the other way with their Van Persie chase. There is a sense of neighbourhood watch about the Van Persie pursuit, with the Manchester clubs recognising the threat the striker's presence will have on each club's aspirations.
To invest so heavily in a player who, as a striker, may have only three years of their prime remaining not only demonstrates United's ambition, but is also indicative of how desperate they are and how willing to abandon usual spending policy to reclaim their No 1 status.
Signing Van Persie for such astronomical figures makes sense from a footballing perspective, but not necessarily from a business one.
United's most recent transactions have tended to take both into equally careful consideration, with Ferguson targeting younger players with years ahead of them and a potential sell-on value.
On this occasion they appear to be concerned solely on the immediate, short-term benefits – possibly reflecting how long they themselves have remaining at the helm at Old Trafford.
Eric Weddle will continue – and likely finish – their career in the place we knew they would.
Where they were most wanted.
Being valued, that was the crucial element in the courtship between the Baltimore Ravens and their new safety.
“They were the first offer,” Weddle said. “Just the way they went about it. There is a reason why they're the Ravens – the culture, the winning – it just showed throughout the whole process.”
“They were adamant about what they thought about me, what I bring, how I could help on and off the field. … At the end of the day, it was just their continued effort. And it wasn't just the contract stuff. It was what they said, what they thought, how we talked. They just showed me they want me.”
See, to play safety in the NFL for a decade, and to be among the best to do so for so much of that time, without being all that big or all that fast, relatively speaking, you have to wear your pride on your shoulder pads.
The Ravens landed Weddle – over the Dallas Cowboys, Oakland Raiders and Pittsburgh Steelers – on Monday with a four-year contract worth a potential $29 million and including $13 million virtually guaranteed.
It was pretty much as simple as the one-sentence text they sent Monday morning:
“I couldn't be more excited and pumped to be a part of a championship organization who wanted me from Day One," they wrote.
Eric Weddle - Career in Pictures
Weddle is talented and smart, for sure. Moreover, though, they have twice been a first-team All-Pro and has played in three Pro Bowls because they believe they are that good.
Their employers better believe the same. That's just how it is with Weddle. There are no two sides with him. You get everything they have, you must reciprocate with the same fervor.
The Chargers did not. They decided, for all intents and purpose, in 2015 to move on from Weddle in 2016.
The Chargers' second-round pick in 2007, Weddle turned 31 the day after last season's finale. They have played a lot of snaps – a higher combined percentage of defense and special teams snaps, in fact, than anyone in the NFL over the past five seasons. Just because this season featured their first three missed starts since 2009 doesn't mean they haven't been banged up.
The Chargers projected diminishing returns.
The Ravens, conversely, will pay Weddle $9 million this season between a $7 million signing bonus, $1 million roster bonus (both to be paid within the next 31 days) and a $1 million base salary. The $9 million total will make Weddle the second-highest paid safety in 2016 behind Kansas City's Eric Berry, who is scheduled to make $10.8 million on the one-year contract they got as the Chiefs' franchise player.
Money talks in the NFL. That kind of money says loud and clear, “We really believe you have some excellence left in you.”
It's a hug and a fist bump and a pat on the backside. It was speaking Weddle's language.
“You think of Baltimore, you think of winning, you think defense, you think blue collar, grinding, guys working together,” said Weddle, who will be introduced in Baltimore on Wednesday. “That's what I'm all about … When I went to bed (Sunday) night and I was trying to decide which team, Baltimore just kept popping in my head. When it comes down to it, my heart was there.”
So after starting all but six games at free safety over the past eight seasons, their time as a Charger is officially complete.
It did not end well. That is certainly part of Weddle's legacy. They were deliberate Monday in talking about missing their teammates and San Diego fans and the fond memories of victories. That's all. He's ready to move on.
The Chargers, privately citing concerns over their continued durability, declined to engage in contract talks last offseason. Weddle sat out the team's offseason workouts as a form of protest.
After joining the team for minicamp and reporting to training camp, Weddle was as engaged as ever. They and head coach Mike McCoy, who had called Weddle out for not being present during offseason workouts, patched up their relationship.
Weddle started the season's first six games before injuring their groin at Green Bay and sitting out the next two weeks. They returned to play the next seven games but aggravated the injury Dec. 24 at Oakland.
The Chargers placed them on injured reserve for the season finale. Weddle insisted they should have been given a chance to show they were capable of playing. They even ran sprints on the sideline during one practice that week. Weddle also said the Chargers declined to allow them to travel with the team to Denver for that game.
So furious was Weddle the week they were placed on IR that they allowed their agent to go public with details of a $10,000 fine the Chargers had levied on Weddle the previous week for their remaining on the field during halftime of their Dec. 20 game to watch their daughter dance as a part of the Junior Charger Girls.
But that ending was merely the conclusion.
Despite their acknowledgment earlier in December that they were unsure they could leave Philip Rivers and other teammates and was open to staying in San Diego, where they and their family are building a home and will continue to live full-time when they retire, Weddle knew the Chargers didn't value them enough for the relationship to continue.
So they found a team that did.
Police say no one was hurt, but the store is closed for now
Man in need of brake lines crashes into NKY auto parts store
There was no question what a man was needing from an auto parts store after they crashed into it on Tuesday.Leonard Owens said they were in Dry Ridge because a friend was going to help them fix their brake lines.He went to the Advanced Auto Parts around 10:45 a.m. When they pulled into a space, their brakes failed, and they crashed into the store. "I hit my brake. It went all the way to the floor and right through the window. Lucky I didn't get hurt and lucky no one else got hurt," Owens said. Owens joked he'll need a strong vacuum to pick up all the glass from the crash.The store will remain closed until further notice. Police have not yet said if Owens will be cited.
There was no question what a man was needing from an auto parts store after they crashed into it on Tuesday.
Leonard Owens said they were in Dry Ridge because a friend was going to help them fix their brake lines.
Advertisement
They went to the Advanced Auto Parts around 10:45 a.m. When they pulled into a space, their brakes failed, and they crashed into the store.
"I hit my brake. It went all the way to the floor and right through the window. Lucky I didn't get hurt and lucky no one else got hurt," Owens said.
Owens joked he'll need a strong vacuum to pick up all the glass from the crash.
The store will remain closed until further notice.
Police have not yet said if Owens will be cited.
AlertMe
The Abdication of Moral Responsibility
The Middle East, so recently the focus of optimistic talk about the Arab Spring, is today dominated by new strongmen, brutal conflict, and atrocities perpetrated by Islamist extremists and militias. In these tough times, Western leaders seem more comfortable falling back on familiar relationships with autocrats than contending with the uncertainty of popular rule.
Leaders in the United States and Europe who have downplayed or abandoned human rights in their diplomacy may justify their actions by claiming that today's security threats are so dire they must take precedence. This thinking is not only morally wrong, but also short-sighted and counter-productive. While not the exclusive factor, human rights violations have played a major role in spawning or aggravating most of today's Middle East crises. Protecting human rights and enabling people to have a say in how their governments address the myriad problems in their region will be key to their resolution.
No challenge in the past year has exploded more dramatically than the self-proclaimed Islamic State. With its mass executions of captured combatants and civilians, sexual enslavement of Yazidi women and girls, and videotaped beheadings of journalists and aid workers, the extremist group has rightfully engendered widespread revulsion and opposition.
Yet the Islamic State did not emerge in a vacuum. In Iraq, in addition to the chaos that ensued after the U.S. invasion, it owes much to the abusive sectarian rule of former Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, and the resulting radicalization of the minority Sunni population. With Iranian backing, Maliki took personal control of Iraqi security forces and supported the formation of Shiite militias, many of which brutally persecuted the Sunnis. The militias rounded up and arbitrarily detained Sunnis under vague laws and — along with official counterterrorism units — summarily executed many. Meanwhile, the Iraqi air force indiscriminately bombed predominately Sunni cities.
The severity of the persecution fueled the growth of the Islamic State. The group's predecessor, al Qaeda in Iraq (AQI), was defeated with the help of a military coalition of Sunni tribes in western Iraq known as the Awakening Councils. But many of the tribes that defeated AQI became so fearful of slaughter and persecution by pro-government forces that when conflict broke out in 2014, they welcomed the Islamic State. Western governments, eager to put their own military involvement in Iraq behind them, largely shut their eyes to this sectarian regime in Baghdad — and even plied it with arms.
Today, there is wider recognition that this indifference to atrocities under Maliki was a mistake. Maliki's replacement as premier, Haider al-Abadi, has pledged more inclusive governance. They have dropped charges against the media, vowed to release prisoners held without warrant, and made some effort to stop the air force's indiscriminate bombing. But abusive sectarianism in Iraq has not ended, even as Western military aid continues to flow. Maliki still serves as one of Iraq's three vice presidents, and the weak government has vastly increased its reliance on Shiite militias, which remain the lead ground forces fighting the Islamic State — despite their ongoing killing and cleansing of Sunnis from entire villages and neighborhoods. Until these atrocities end, the Shiite militias are likely to do more to aid the Islamic State's recruitment than to defeat the jihadi group on the battlefield.
In Syria, the Islamic State portrays itself as the force most capable of standing up to President Bashar al-Assad. There's no denying Assad's extraordinary brutality: Since the Syrian government turned over its chemical weapons, its most notorious weapon has been the barrel bomb — an oil drum or similar container filled with high explosives and metal fragments. Syria's air force typically drops these bombs from a helicopter hovering at high altitudes, to avoid anti-aircraft fire. From that height, it is impossible to target with any precision. The barrel bomb simply tumbles to earth, making its dreaded swishing sound as its contents shift back and forth, until it hits the ground and detonates.
Barrel bombs are so inaccurate that the Syrian military does not dare use them near the front lines, for fear of hitting its own troops. Rather, it drops them on areas held by rebel groups, knowing that they will destroy apartment buildings, hospitals, schools, and other civilian institutions. Some civilians who have not fled the country have moved their families near the front line, preferring to brave snipers and artillery rather than the horror of the barrel bombs.
This, then, is the new banality of evil. When the Syrian government attacked civilians with chemical weapons, the United Nations Security Council pressured Assad to stop and to surrender their weapons. But as the Syrian government kills countless more civilians by indiscriminate attacks with conventional weapons, the Security Council, blocked by Russia, has largely stood on the sidelines. A number of states have condemned the slaughter, but have done little more to generate pressure to end it.
This selective concern is a gift to extremist recruiters who portray themselves as the only ones willing to stand up to Assad's atrocities. Simply attacking the Islamic State is not going to end its appeal — a broader concern with protecting Syrian civilians is required.
In Egypt, meanwhile, General-turned-President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has sought to crush the democratic aspirations of Tahrir Square. While the government of the Muslim Brotherhood's Mohamed Morsi, Egypt's first democratically elected president, was far from perfect, its abuses never came close to those now being visited upon the Egyptian people by the military-dominated government that took power in a coup on July 3, 2013.
In just 12 hours on Aug. 14, 2013, Sisi and Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim led a violent and ruthless crackdown against the Brotherhood and its supporters, as security forces shot dead at least 817 mostly peaceful protesters in Cairo's Rabaa Square. It was the most deadly massacre of protesters since China's repression of the Tiananmen Square democracy movement in 1989.
Contrary to overwhelming evidence gathered by Human Rights Watch and other groups, a fact-finding committee established by Sisi's presidential decree assigned primary blame for the bloodshed on the leaders of the Brotherhood — concluding that security forces had responded with violence only when met by gunfire from protesters. The committee also contended that security forces had taken sufficient steps to minimize casualties and provide safe exits, again contrary to Human Rights Watch's evidence and to government officials' own statements prior to the massacre, where they predicted a death toll in excess of 3,500 people.
The Rabaa Square massacre is only the most deadly example of increasing repression under Sisi as they have solidified their grip on power. Security forces have imprisoned tens of thousands of suspected Muslim Brotherhood members, in many cases without charge or trial, as well as many secular activists. Egyptian courts have handed down death sentences by the hundreds after mass trials that make no pretense of providing a meaningful opportunity for a defense. The number of deaths in detention is increasing, as prisons and police stations overflow with these new detainees.
The Western response to this unprecedented repression has been shamefully inadequate. Washington has resumed military aid to Cairo, and no Western government has shown much appetite for examining the military government's abuses. Secretary of State John Kerry keeps speaking as if Egyptian political reform is just around the corner: For him, the military coup was about “restoring democracy,” and the election that the military then engineered while excluding the Muslim Brotherhood was “transitioning to a democracy.”
The support for the repressive Sisi government is not only a disaster for Egyptians' hopes of a democratic future, it sends an appalling message to the region. The Islamic State can now credibly argue that violence is the only path for Islamists, because when they won power through fair elections, they were ousted with little international protest. The effect may already have been felt in the Sinai, where Egypt's leading insurgent group, Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. At least 900 civilians, suspected insurgents, and members of the security forces were killed in the North Sinai governorate, where Ansar Beit al-Maqdis is strongest, in 2014.
In the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the past year brought another round of deadly violence in Gaza, with war crimes regularly committed by both sides. Hamas and other Palestinian armed groups in Gaza fired thousands of indiscriminate rockets and mortars toward Israeli population centers, while endangering Palestinian civilians by fighting from populated areas. At the same time, tens of thousands of Israeli rockets, bombs, and artillery attacks — as well as an expansive definition of legitimate military targets, attacks without any evident military target, and lax concern for civilian casualties — left an estimated 1,500 civilians dead in Gaza and resulted in unprecedented destruction of civilian homes and infrastructure.
Israel has a poor record of holding its own forces to account for serious violations of the laws of war, while Hamas has not even claimed to investigate violations by Palestinian fighters. The involvement of the International Criminal Court (ICC) could help deter both sides from committing war crimes, and potentially offer victims a modicum of justice. With its U.N. observer state status, Palestine joined the ICC last December. The court will now have jurisdiction over war crimes committed in or from Palestinian territory — that is, its mandate will apply to both sides in the conflict. And unlike intergovernmental organizations where politics often intrude, the ICC is led by a professional prosecutor, Gambia's Fatou Bensouda, who has earned a reputation as a sober, dispassionate, no-nonsense lawyer, with no evidence of anti-Israel animus.
Despite this promise of impartial justice, Western governments have taken precisely the wrong tack when it comes to the ICC. They mistakenly pressured Palestine not to join the court — and the U.S. Congress is now contemplating sanctions for its having done so. They argue that ICC involvement will impede the peace process — moribund as it has been — even as they take the opposite position in virtually every other situation, recognizing that curbing war crimes is a prerequisite to building the trust needed for productive peace talks. No one has credibly explained why the Israeli-Palestinian conflict should be an exception to this rule.
Western governments' real motive here is to protect Israelis from possible prosecution. That kind of selective approach to the rule of law does no favor to Israelis or Palestinians who continue to be victimized by war crimes. It also undermines the power and legitimacy of international justice around the world, by emboldening critics who argue that international justice is reserved for weak nations that are not close allies of the powerful.
In all of these cases, policymakers inevitably claim to have good reasons for downplaying human rights. They argue that these concepts impose restraints that are antithetical to a “do what it takes” attitude, which often prevails in the face of serious security challenges. But the last year in the Middle East shows how short-sighted that reflex can be.
Human rights are not just arbitrary restraints on governments. They reflect fundamental values that are widely shared and deeply held, and essential for safeguarding human dignity and autonomy. The short-term gains of undermining those values are rarely worth the long-term price that must inevitably be paid for violating them. Rather than treating human rights as a chafing restraint, policymakers would do better to recognize them as moral guides. The results are likely to be both the right — and the most effective — thing to do.
ABD DOUMANY/AFP/Getty Images
How to Interpret these Evaluations
Keep in mind that ratings done by special interest groups often do not represent a non-partisan stance. In addition, some groups select votes that tend to favor members of one political party over another, rather than choosing votes based solely on issues concerns. Nevertheless, they can be invaluable in showing where an incumbent has stood on a series of votes in the past one or two years, especially when ratings by groups on all sides of an issue are compared. Website links, if available, and descriptions of the organizations offering performance evaluations are accessible by clicking on the name of the group.
Most performance evaluations are displayed in a percentage format. However, some organizations present their ratings in the form of a letter grade or endorsement based on voting records, interviews, survey results and/or sources of campaign funding. For consistency and ease in understanding, Project Vote Smart converts all scores into a percentage when possible. Please visit the group's website or call 1-888-VOTESMART for more specific information.
SINCE 1992 the Innocence Project, an American legal charity, has used DNA evidence to help exonerate 271 people who were wrongly convicted of crimes, sometimes after they had served dozens of years in prison. But a mystery has emerged from the case reports. Despite being innocent, around a quarter of these people had confessed or pleaded guilty to the offences of which they were accused.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
It seems hard to imagine that anyone of sound mind would take the blame for something they did not do. But several researchers have found it surprisingly easy to make people fess up to invented misdemeanours. Admittedly these confessions are taking place in a laboratory rather than an interrogation room, so the stakes might not appear that high to the confessor. On the other hand, the pressures that can be brought to bear in a police station are much stronger than those in a lab. The upshot is that it seems worryingly simple to extract a false confession from someone—which they might find hard subsequently to retract.
I must confess
One of the most recent papers on the subject, published in Law and Human Behavior by Saul Kassin and Jennifer Perillo of the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York, used a group of 71 university students who were told they were taking part in a test of their reaction times. Participants were asked to press keys on a keyboard as they were read aloud by another person, who was secretly in cahoots with the experimenter. The volunteers were informed that the ALT key was faulty, and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost. The experimenter watched the proceedings from across the table.
In fact, the computer was set up to crash regardless, about a minute into the test. When this happened the experimenter asked each participant if they had pressed the illicit key, acted as if they were upset when it was “discovered” that the data had disappeared, and requested that the participant sign a confession. Only one person actually did hit the ALT key by mistake, but a quarter of the innocent participants were so disarmed by the shock of the accusation that they confessed to something they had not done.
Robert Horselenberg and their colleagues at Maastricht University, in the Netherlands, have come up with similar results. In an as-yet-unpublished study, members of Dr Horselenberg's group told 83 people that they were taking part in a taste test for a supermarket chain. The top taster would win a prize such as an iPad or a set of DVDs. The volunteers were asked to try ten cans of fizzy drink and guess which was which. The labels were obscured by socks pulled up to the rim of each can, so to cheat a volunteer had only to lower the sock.
During the test, which was filmed by a hidden camera, ten participants actually did cheat. Bafflingly, though, another eight falsely confessed when accused by the experimenter, despite participants having been told cheats would be fined €50 ($72).
The number of innocent confessors jumps when various interrogation techniques are added to the mix. Several experiments, for example, have focused on the use of false evidence, as when police pretend they have proof of a person's guilt in order to encourage them to confess. This is usually permitted in the United States, though banned in Britain.
A second computer-crash test conducted by Dr Kassin and Dr Perillo used this technique. Another person in the room beside the experimenter said they saw the participant hitting the ALT key. In this case the confession rate jumped to 80% of innocent participants. Dr Horselenberg and their colleagues found something similar.
Dr Kassin also tested the impact of bluffing. Two participants, one of whom was again in cahoots with the investigator, sat in the same room and were asked to complete what appeared to be an academic test. Halfway through, the investigator accused them of helping each other and cited the university's honour code against cheating. The investigator went on to bluff that there was a video camera in the room, though the recording, with its definitive proof one way or the other, would not be accessible until later. In the real world, this might be like a detective telling a suspect that DNA or fingerprint evidence had been found but not yet analysed (in Britain as well as America, if such a statement were actually true, police would be permitted to say it, though in the case of the experiment it was a lie). Presumably, the innocent participants knew such a tape would exonerate them. Even so, half still confessed.
All of which is both strange and rather alarming. Dr Kassin suggests that participants may have the naive—though common—belief that the world is a just place, and that their innocence will emerge in the end, particularly in the case of the alleged video evidence. One participant, for example, told him, “it made it easier [to sign the confession] because I had nothing to hide. The cameras would prove it.”
In cases like that, confession is seen as a way to end an unpleasant interrogation. But it is a risky one. In the real world, such faith can be misplaced. Though a lot of jurisdictions require corroborating evidence, in practice self-condemnation is pretty damning—and, it seems, surprisingly easy to induce.
My hubby-to-be and I are both artists. They call me their "doodle bunny" and they are my froggie. They love zombies and we both love robots. Therefore, in the spirit of celebrating our general awesomeness and the things that symbolize our relationship, we will be having a zombie-frog-robot-bunny themed wedding.
In planning our wedding, we felt that the invitations would have a vital role in communicating our artistic vision for the event to our guests. This meant we had to DIY our invites. In the spirit of our zombie-frog-robot-bunny theme, we drew some doodles (seen above!) to have printed on the inside of our invites.
The zombies were printed onto the inside cover of the external portion of the invite, and the robot was printed onto the outside flap of the inner portion of the invitations (we used really nice paper from our local artist supply for the inside.)
People will be so surprised when they open them up and find a robot, a frog, a bunny and me and "my bug" zombified! Yay for handmade Robot Bunny Frog Zombie weddings!
Daily Show host Trevor Noah on Tuesday warned against jumping to conclusions about reports that President Donald Trump is considering whether to fire special counsel Robert Mueller.
“I think at some point we're going to have to stop saying, ‘Trump is committing political suicide.' All right? Donald Trump don't die, people,” Noah said. “Donald Trump is the Transformers movies of politics. No matter how bad it gets, it's never over. And you think you don't know anybody who supports them, but you do. You do.”
A close friend of Trump said on Monday that the President is considering firing Mueller, a former FBI director who was appointed by the Justice Department last month to lead the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Some of Trump's allies have recently begun to criticize Mueller, whose selection as special counsel initially earned bipartisan praise.
Write to Katie Reilly at Katie.Reilly@time.com.
I answerd 5-10ft when I get bored in the bathroom taking a bath I will see how far I can squirt it : You asked the question I was always afraid to askI answerd 5-10ft when I get bored in the bathroom taking a bath I will see how far I can squirt it
SAHM
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
lovin'
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
to
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
DD 10/00 &
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
DS 10/04
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
If your son is intact, keep them safe, visit the Intact Care forum
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
Circ, a personal choice, Your SONS
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
11/98
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
6/99
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
Thyroid cancer survivor. With 5
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
& 2 Boxers
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
wishing for
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
40k Sister of Battle - Adepta Sororitas ONLY NEEDED FOR FACE TATTOO
Alice Looksmenu Preset For Bloodlusty Overboss Preset
Alien Beauty - Angels of Darkness Character Preset Pack Required for hair and skin color
Alien Beauty - GALAXIA Character Preset Required for hair and skin color
Alien Beauty - Jaylah Character Preset Required for hair and skin color
Alien Beauty - Khaalida Character Preset Required for hair and skin color
Alien Beauty - Ninat Character Preset Required for hair and skin color
Alien Beauty - Xylia Character Preset Required for hair and skin color
BB's Character Preset - Vault Meat Required for hair and skin color
BB's Character Preset - Jessica Required for hair and skin color
BB's Character Preset - Lady Death Required for face features and hair colors
BB's Character Preset - Michelle Required for hair and skin color
BB's Character Preset - Star Sloot Required for hair and skin color
Black Viking Piper Overhaul Needet for Everything
Black Viking Redux Preset Needet for Everything
Bluewave Curie Overhaul Needet for Everything
Bunker002 Transfer Settlement Blueprint don't know why its shown in the blueprint list tho :D
Children face presets for LooksMenu Heavily recommended, the face will look better
Chloe LooksMenu Preset required
Chucky Bride - face presets for you or your dear companion Scars and make-up
Ciri (The Witcher 3) LooksMenu Preset For Ciri's makeup, scar, eyebrows, and hair color.
Cybernetic Beauty - A.N.G.E.L. Character Preset Required for hair and skin color
Cybernetic Beauty - B.A.R.B.I.E. Character Preset Required for hair and skin color
Daenerys - Emilia Clarke (?) Not sure if needed but its in my load order
Damian El Gordito Kawai XD - LooksMenu Preset lo nececitas - you need it
Deathclaw Infused Cait Overhaul Use this for customizing
Dread Cait Overhaul For all the Extra Stuff in LooksMenu
Enhanced Vanilla Face Presets For Females Only if you're not using or cannot use 4K faces.
Europa - Fully Voiced Companion Open Beta Required for Everything
Face Replacer - Piper Wright For the eyebrows make up and skin tone
Gwynn-A LooksMenu Preset Not aware of any parts used. Just in case.
Heterochromia Heather Casdin Overhaul Needet for Tattoos only
John Wick (Keanu Reeves) Preset *Probably just as necessary. Should work without it, though. You'd just be missing some insignificant extras.
Just Some More Faces Pretty much required.
Kristen Stewart Preset eye/face color
Lara Croft '96 body and face presets For Lara's face preset
Malevolent Ellen the Carthographer Overhaul Customization
Mechanic Cait Overhaul Needet for Everything
Mika and Cecil Raiders required for dirt and stuff
Mirai - LooksMenu Preset Needed for the brows,freckles,tatoos,makeup
Miranda Lawson Inspired Preset Required for "edgy" edition.
Morrigan Aensland Character Preset for eyebrows
Mr. Smoothskin- Androgynous male Preset Plus more for makeup options and more
NX-2C (Ivy) For the Kirse freckles
Occult Piper Overhaul Customazation and Body Color
Oof Must have for the makeup
PIPA - Pretty in Post-Apocalypse - A LooksMenu Preset Probably won't look right without this mod.
Radiation Queen - Fusion Girl Skin Textures Install 4th, I guess you don't absolutely have to have this, but if you do *Use the LMCC 2k faces Patch*
Ria - LooksMenu Preset Needed for the brows,freckles,makeup,tattoos...etc
Sister of Battle Overhaul for Curie All the Stuff
Sophie - Female LooksMenu preset For makeup, eyebrows and other textures.
Synth Skin Looksmenu Overlay Edit Not required but adds more details for face tattoos. Required only if you want the Optional Face Paint Replacer
Ulan's Companion Replacers Alice Rico Rachel For Alice Bloodlusty Overboss Cait Replacer and Rachel Cait Replacer
Vermillions Cait Overhaul and LooksMenu Preset For all the Customization
August, typically a quiet month for Canadian business, has been dominated by a noisy debate between the country's telecommunications industry and the federal government.
[np_storybar title=”Five things Canada's industry minister wants people to know about Ottawa's wireless policy” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/2013/08/21/james-moore-wireless-canada-policy/?__lsa=caf3-5f3d”%5DJames Moore is touring Canada this week, speaking in defence of Ottawa's policy on the wireless sector
Continue reading.
[/np_storybar]
The big three wireless carriers — BCE Inc., Rogers Communications Inc. and Telus Corp. — have waged a public relations war with Ottawa over policies they say unfairly favour U.S. carrier Verizon Communications Inc.
Both sides have launched websites (the government's version comes courtesy of the Conservative Party of Canada) and Industry Minister James Moore is touring the country speaking in the defence of their government's policies.
Here's a reality check of some of the claims from both corners.
THE BIG THREE:
The government will let a U.S. giant “piggyback” on the networks Canadian companies have built over decades.
It is true that the government's policy allows competitors to access existing networks, but a company like Verizon, or any other provider, will have to pay for the privilege. Industry Canada has rules in place that require wireless providers to share cellphone towers and other cellular sites with other carriers and allow competitors' subscribers to roam on their networks. The policy requires carriers to negotiate access based on commercial terms, an issue that has at times been fraught as the country's current cellular players tangled over agreements and startup carriers complained of lengthy delays in negotiation with the incumbents. Mr. Moore said in an interview with the Financial Post Tuesday that the government is not considering implementing a system of mandated rates for access to cell sites and roaming fees.
Ottawa is letting foreign companies buy Canadian startups that the big three are barred from even bidding on.
Wind Mobile and Mobilicity, the two companies Verizon has looked at acquiring, purchased wireless spectrum in a 2008 auction subject to a “set-aside” for new entrants to the market. Those licences came with a five-year ban on sale to the country's incumbent players and Telus tested the government's resolve on this when it tried to buy Mobilicity for $380-million earlier this year. Industry Canada blocked the deal as the moratorium on Mobilicity's licences is not up until next year. Through a new policy announced in June, Ottawa has strongly hinted it will deny such transfers even after those licence terms expire, saying it plans to review all transfers and will block deals that lead to an “undue concentration” of spectrum in the hands of one party. Without a bright-line test for what that means, the government will be able to use its discretion to block the big three — which together control about 85% of the country's available spectrum — from acquiring spectrum outside of auctions. Meanwhile, last year's new foreign ownership rules for the sector would indeed permit a company like Verizon to purchase the debt-ridden startup, and its larger peer Wind Mobile.
Rural Canadians will be left behind if Verizon comes to Canada
The incumbents argue Verizon would focus its efforts on major urban centres like Toronto and Montreal and smaller towns and cities will not enjoy the benefits of technology advances. On a July conference call, Verizon Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo did highlight the area between “Toronto and Quebec” as one of particular interest (while noting the company's plans for Canada were “exploratory”). Canada's incumbents have since said if Verizon invests heavily in that corridor, they will be forced to do the same. While rural services certainly lag, Canada already has some of the most advanced networks in the world, with LTE (long-term evolution or fourth-generation) coverage in many parts of the country. Although the big three may be forced to compete more aggressively in some areas, it is not clear why they would not see investments already made in smaller towns and cities as worth protecting.
OTTAWA:
The government's rural build requirements will ensure continued investment in services that benefit Canadians living in remote parts of the country
Industry Minister James Moore says the government's “rural build-out policy” is part of the reason other companies apart from Verizon are not anxious to dive into the Canadian market. “Now of course there are some regions of the country that are just geographically incredibly difficult to get access to and to get service to, but there are rural deployment rules of spectrum that we will enforce regardless of who's in the Canadian marketplace.” It's true that the rules for the auction of 700-megahertz spectrum require licence winners to cover a certain percentage of the population within 10 years of the licence date, but the threshold is low – from a high of just 50% in Ontario, British Columbia and Alberta and as little as 20% in the northern territories. Since most of the country's population is concentrated in urban areas, carriers who win 700-MHz licences could focus on cities and still meet those requirements.
Canadians pay some of the highest prices in the world for wireless services and more competition will change that
The government often attributes a 20% decline in wireless prices since 2008 to its policies to spur competition in the last public spectrum auction. However, it also says that is not enough and that it wants to promote “access to the latest technology at better prices.” Comparing mobile pricing is difficult as there are many combinations of plans, voice and data costs and device subsidies to consider. A 2013 OECD report put Canada roughly in the middle among G7 nations but often in the top 10 most expensive in many categories across the 34 total countries surveyed. Many financial analysts have predicted that if Verizon does venture north, there could be increased competition on pricing. However, they warn that the U.S. carrier operates a premium brand back home and is not expected to offer discounts so deep they are inconsistent with that model.
Canadians will benefit from competition with at least four wireless providers in every region of the country
Ottawa is not alone in its focus on the magic number four as regulators in Europe are also fond of the figure, but even the European market appears set for a wave of consolidation of smaller wireless firms. The United States has four large cellular providers but just two — Verizon and AT&T — dominate the majority of the market. A recent Credit Suisse report said the arrival of a fourth player can undoubtedly shake things up through “disruptive pricing” and Verizon has the tools to succeed in Canada if it has the patience. But the report also noted out of 34 OECD countries, only about 30% have four or more carriers and “very few” fourth carriers launched in the past decade claim more than a 10% to 15% share of subscribers. Finally, not to be forgotten is the fact that Canada already has viable fourth players in many regions of the country.
2017 Commencement
UC Santa Barbara is in the midst of planning Commencement for the Class of 2017! Complete details on the June ceremonies will be posted on this page as they become available.
Commencement weekend will be held on June 17-18, 2017
College of Creative Studies: Sunday, June 11, 2017
Bren School of Environmental Science and Management: Friday, June 16, 2017
Commencement Weekend: Saturday, June 17, 2017 and Sunday, June 18, 2017 For a full list of the 2017 Commencement schedule please click here.
Undergraduate Registration Step 1: Declare Candidacy on GOLD
Declare candidacy on GOLD to receive an official degree from UC Santa Barbara. Step 2: Confirm a reservation in a Commencement ceremony Commencement Pass Ⅰ
January 23, 2017 - February 17, 2017
Seniors with at least 152 units completed or in progress during the winter 2017 quarter are eligible to make a reservation for the spring Commencement ceremony assigned to their major on GOLD.
January 23, 2017 - February 17, 2017 Seniors with at least 152 units completed or in progress during the winter 2017 quarter are eligible to make a reservation for the spring Commencement ceremony assigned to their major on GOLD. Commencement Pass Ⅱ
February 21, 2017 - March 17, 2017
Seniors with at least 152 units completed or in progress during the spring 2017 quarter are eligible to make a reservation for a spring Commencement ceremony assigned to their major on GOLD. Graduate Registration The Graduate Division Ceremony will be held Sunday, June 18 at 4:00 p.m. Registration for the 2017 Graduate Division Commencement Ceremony will open mid-to-end of February 2017. The deadline for doctoral, master's, and credential students to register is Friday, May 5, 2017. For more information about participating in the Graduate Division Commencement, please visit http://graddiv.ucsb.edu/commencement.
Directions to UCSB Traveling South on U.S. Highway 101: Take the Storke Road/Glen Annie Road exit off U.S. 101 approximately 12 miles north of Santa Barbara. Turn right on Storke Road and proceed two miles to El Colegio Road. Turn left on El Colegio Road and proceed to the campus entrance. Follow Commencement parking signs to available parking. Traveling North on U.S. Highway 101: Take the Airport/UCSB exit [Highway 217] off U.S. 101 to the campus entrance approximately eight miles north of Santa Barbara. Follow Commencement parking signs to available parking. NOTE: Ongoing road improvements on Highway 217 may cause intermittent traffic delays as traffic approaches campus and Henley Gate.
The official hashtag of 2017 Commencement is #UCSB2017.
Join us on social media to celebrate and congratulate our graduates.
If you have questions regarding Commencement, contact the Commencement Hotline at (805) 893-8289 or email Commencement@ia.ucsb.edu.
Thoughts on Linux
I wanted to share a few things about my experience getting Banished working on Linux. I haven't seriously used Linux to develop software since around 1997-1999, where I just used vi and a Makefile.
Getting Started
Getting linux going should be easy right? Download ISO, burn disc, install in new machine. But then the installer fails to make partitions on my brand-new SSD! That was ok, nothing is ever easy – so I decided to setup the partitions myself using gparted. Does it work? No. After two days I figured out that for some reason the installation wouldn't work with the drive plugged into easy-to-access SATA5. Plugged the drive into SATA0 underneath the video card, and we're running!
I like to have multiple machines that can compile the code, which ensures all required files are checked into source control, and that multiple GPUs render correctly. I had an extra laptop with a 600 series Nvidia GPU, so I got linux going on that, but had another few days of trying to get the Intel/Nvidia Optimus setup working under linux. I'm still failing on that, it seems overly complicated, but I can compile on it – just not run. Bah.
Development Environment
There are a zillion IDEs available under linux. I read about a ton of them and their associated debugging options. There are too many to actually try them all in a reasonable amount on time. It almost made me want to just go back to my roots and use vi and a make file. But I don't really want a Makefile, and I don't want to use cmake. Especially since the Mac and Windows IDEs just have a project and do their own dependency checking.
So I ended up going with SlickEdit. Slick edit has no need of a make file, just add files to the project. It's relatively cheap for a single user license, and has key bindings that match Visual Studio. If nothing else, it let me jump right in and not fight too much learning a new IDE.
Graphics Drivers
My linux machine is an 8 core AMD with and AMD R9 graphics card. Installing the graphics driver was no problem, and getting OpenGL working wasn't too bad once I read through the GLX documentation. I did go through a few days of random crashes that would freeze the entire X11 desktop (always on a GL context related call), my only recourse being Alt-SysReq-B. Boo.
Turns out I forgot to implement a certain platform specific locking mechanism that kept my background loading thread for executing graphics calls at the same time as the main rendering thread, causing some data corruption of lists of resources. Not so bad, but the entire system halting made for very slow debugging.
X11
So when I told fellow programmers I was going to deal with straight X windows and GLX, they told me I was crazy and would regret it. But really, all I need is to create a window, and render OpenGL into it, and get some keyboard/mouse input. So that's what I did. However when searching for answers to questions that weren't made quite clear in the documentation, often people that had the same questions I did receive answers like ‘Use SDL', or ‘Use GTK or Qt'. That's amazingly frustrating and just adds noise to the internet.
The only real problem I had with X11 is that the includes #define a lot of symbols that conflicted with identifiers in my code. I guess that goes with the territory of using a C only library that was written long long ago. I ended up having to forward some X11 symbols for use in my headers, and only include the actual header where needed.
When said and done the X11 code I had to write was far far smaller than any 3rd party library that handled the same things, has no extra dependancies, and compiles fast.
Audio
There seem to be a lot of options for outputting audio on Linux, but all signs seemed to pointed toward ALSA for my purposes. Since I have my own mixer that outputs PCM data, all that was required was to play a single stream of audio, which is pretty easy.
The only major frustration here is that the method I like to use (and use similar methods on Windows and OSX) is to get a callback every N milliseconds and then fill in an audio buffer. However under Ubuntu the callback mechanism of ALSA isn't implemented (apparently unsafe?). So I ended up writing my own audio thread that polls for the audio buffer to become available, fills in the audio data and then the thread goes back to waiting.
Porting everything else
Most of the remaining code was easy. It shares with OSX, so threading, memory management, critical sections, file/io, etc was already written and worked without an issue, except for a few date and timer functions.
Over all I liked the linux experience of porting much better than OSX. I didn't have to use another language, and I get to control the overall game loop and when events get processed. Then again, I already had a lot of compatible code ready from doing the OSX port, so there could be some bias there.
Going forward
Linux as a development environment is pretty good. But.
One of the more frustrating things about doing these ports is that currently the data is only compiled on Windows, then has to be packaged into a single file, and then copied over to the target machine. This is fine when things are said and done code-wise, but during development a lot of debugging requires changing data.
For example, lets say I just want to debug vertex skinning of animated characters because it's not working. This requires a change to the vertex shaders that will be used. So I turn to the Windows machine, change the shader, compile all resources, build a pack file, copy the pack files to a shared location, and then start debugging on Linux or OSX. I go back and forth doing this 20 times before fixing the issue. It's slow.
I really need to get my full toolchain working on both OSX and Linux – so that regardless of what machine I have with me I can fully build my game and work normally and faster. Once I do, the game will recognize that a resource has changed, and compiles it just as it's loaded.
But this requires me changing a bunch of Windows only compilation functions. This includes loading images, building compressed textures, building fonts, loading and converting audio data, and setting up FBX to work on other platforms. There's probably more. It's not insurmountable, but it's a good chunk on code. So it'll probably wait until the next project.
This article is over 3 years old
• El-Mhanni plays for Lewes, six tiers below the Premier League • 20-year-old's skills mean they have been used in adverts with Neymar
West Bromwich Albion have given a trial to Yasin Ben El-Mhanni, a 20-year-old wide attacker, whose outrageous tricks have seen them used by Nike in adverts alongside Neymar.
El-Mhanni, who is playing on a non-contract basis for non-league Lewes, will work at West Brom until Monday, when they could feature for the club's under-21 team against Arsenal.
Their form for Lewes, where they have been since last October, has drawn the attention of scouts and several clubs in the Championship are monitoring him, including Queens Park Rangers, Reading, Brighton & Hove Albion and Birmingham City. They have previously had trials at Watford and Bournemouth.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Yasin Ben El-Mhanni displays their skills.
Born in west London to Moroccan parents, El-Mhanni has been affiliated to the West London AG Football Academy for the past three years.
Lewes are bottom of the Isthmian League Premier Division, six rungs below West Brom in football's pyramid.
Dear President Trump:
In my eight terms in Congress, I have seen cybersecurity explode onto the national stage as an issue of paramount importance to our national security. As you begin to craft your legacy in this emerging domain, I encourage you to use the successes and failures of your predecessor to guide your efforts.
ADVERTISEMENT
From my perspective, three characteristics defined President Obama's approach to cybersecurity across the first six years of their administration: It was centrist, decentralized and incremental.
First, Obama pursued a centrist approach on matters of cybersecurity, manifested through the use of multistakeholder processes to set policy. In this model, the government acts as a convener of interested parties to help develop guidance, best practices or other voluntary policies.
A prime example is the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework for critical infrastructure, also known simply as the Framework. Following the issuance of Executive Order 13636 in 2013, NIST spent a year holding meetings with stakeholders to discuss ways to think about cybersecurity risk management. NIST consolidated the feedback, incorporated other practices from existing standards, and synthesized the Framework, which provides broad strategies for identifying, understanding and mitigating cybersecurity risk.
As this example also shows, the Obama administration's approach was largely decentralized: It was up to individual departments and agencies to develop cybersecurity policy. While Executive Order 13636 did call upon NIST to publish a voluntary framework, it sketched out only the broadest of strategic guidance on how it was to be developed. Similarly, although Obama did make their cybersecurity adviser a special assistant to the president, they remained just that: an adviser, lacking independent policy or budgetary authority.
The Obama doctrine prior to the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) data breach also emphasized incremental change and capacity expansion. This is clear from the nature of the Framework, which has led to gradual adoption. On the capacity-building side, U.S. Cyber Command is set to become its own full-fledged unit after eight years of development, and the National Protection and Programs Directorate has matured to the point that it is ready to become an operational arm of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). All of these are important changes, but they are largely the result of gradual evolution.
I supported Obama's efforts throughout their first six years, even if I was frustrated by the pace. In the last two years, however, their administration's approach began to shift. Part of this can be seen in the priority placed on cybersecurity issues. Chinese economic espionage was a perennial point of contention between our nations; only after the OPM hack was it placed at the top of the agenda. The 2015 Obama–Xi summit resulted in an agreement by the Chinese on certain fundamental norms in cyberspace, and I consider it one of Obama's biggest achievements in this sphere.
But the core tenets of the doctrine itself also began to shift. Capabilities developed throughout their administration began to be used as offensive cyber tactics against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Indictments of hackers in China and Iran, and the identification of Russia as the sponsor of recent attacks against the Democratic National Committee, are examples of our increased ability to attribute attacks. Incremental change also gave way to initiatives like the Cyber Sprint, an effort to identify and secure core assets at federal agencies. The OPM was Obama's wake-up call that incrementalism could not keep pace with the rapidly evolving threats we face.
The biggest change, though, was the move toward greater centralization. The Cyber Sprint was led by the Office of Management and Budget and supported by binding operational directives from the DHS. This was not something that could be left to each agency — that was what led to the OPM mess in the first place. The creation of a federal chief information security officer, the development of a robust national incident response plan, and the creation of a dedicated IT modernization fund are all components of Obama's Cybersecurity National Action Plan, a central directive that applies across the federal government.
I welcomed this new sense of urgency. Obama made it clear that they had no intention of making the same mistake twice, and I think their legacy in cyberspace will be greatly burnished by the last 20 months of increased focus.
These achievements were difficult. As you begin your term, I encourage you to take the lessons learned from your predecessor to heart when crafting cybersecurity policy. This means adopting the recommendations of the national action plan and going beyond them. It means ensuring there is an advocate for cybersecurity in the room when budget and policy decisions are made. It means working with Congress to implement existing law on information sharing and to pass new legislation on developing the workforce needed to address these issues and securing the internet of things.
Cybersecurity has never been a partisan issue, and I hope it remains that way over the next four years.
Langevin is a senior member of the House Armed Services Committee and the House Committee on Homeland Security, and is the co-founder and co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus.
Another day, another comics company capitalizing on DC's restructuring of Vertigo. Just a few weeks after Dark Horse announced Karen Berger's Berger Books imprint, IDW announced an imprint from Shelly Bond at Emerald City Comicon (ECCC). Bond, who was let go from DC as part of the Vertigo restructuring in 2016, will now run their own creator-owned imprint at IDW called Black Crown. Based on early interviews, she's ready to draw on their decades of experience to attract some big-name creators.
“I can't drop names,” they said, in an interview with The Beat, “but you can think about the career that I've had, and the people I've worked with, and the books that stand out, and you'll see a lot of names come back with interesting collaborators.”
Some of those “interesting collaborators” will be new artists and writers who Bond discovered in their time off. “I've been scouting talent,” they said. “I've been going to shows because I love comics and I love conventions. What you're going to see with Black Crown is a lot of familiar faces, the people I've loved working with in the past. But also new blood. There's a tremendous amount of young talent out there and it's exciting to bring them in and help them hone their skills.”
Bond's departure from DC followed soon after long-time Vertigo executive editor Karen Berger's, leaving DC without two of its most powerful female editors. However, Bond's dismissal was far more contentious than Berger's voluntary departure, and so their imprint takes on more symbolic meaning. While Berger chose to leave after a quarter-century career, Bond was laid off after only three years as executive editor, after decades working with Vertigo and DC. Them dismissal came as a huge surprise in the industry.
It also sparked a comics conversation, driven by journalists like Janelle Asselin, about harassment and the treatment of women in the industry. “It's late and I'm out of fucks,” tweeted Asselin, “so yes, the fact that DC can find reason to fire Shelly Bond and reason to keep [Eddie] Berganza employed is trash…I have friends with PTSD from Berganza and people like him. But yes, let's fire the Shellys of the world.” Nick Hanover also tweeted the below:
I see a lot of people talking about DC's resident serial harasser and I think collectively we just need to be saying Eddie Berganza. — Nick Hanover (@Nick_Hanover) April 21, 2016
Berganza's name comes up pretty much any time the comics industry discusses harassment. An alleged serial harasser, Berganza somehow continues to survive DC restructuring, while talented, well-regarded and not-actively-crime-committing women like Bond are expendable.
In company terms, Bond's and Berganza's positions were entirely unrelated. Berganza works in the Superman office–where they reportedly cannot be trusted to have any women work with him–while Bond was the executive editor of Vertigo. However, the optics were undeniable. DC would bend over backwards to maintain a relationship with someone who is reportedly so dangerous that they affect their hiring practices, but Bond could be let go. As Paste succinctly put it, “Shelly Bond wasn't fired so that Eddie Berganza could keep their job; Shelly Bond was fired even though Eddie Berganza gets to keep their job.”
The creation of Black Crown and Berger Books provides some small silver lining to the industry's ever-hanging cloud of harassment. Today, we have two more creator-owned imprints from female editors than we used to. The future of those imprints looks very, very bright. But how many women with creative visions just as strong as Bond's and Berger's were forced out of the industry by DC's enabling of sexual harassment? And how will Dark Horse, with its own murky history with harassment, treat Berger and anyone they manage? I'm genuinely happy to see women who've busted their humps for comics get their due–and get more control over whose voices and stories are published. But the more pressing question is how we ensure that the next generation of women won't have to deal with the same silencing, harasser-enabling, and sexism as they enter the industry.
(Via Comics Alliance and The Beat; image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr)
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
Made Event presents
Ferry Corsten
EXTENDED 4 HOUR SET!
with Hardwell
with Zack Roth
Rebel Rebel, 319 Bleecker St NYC 212-989-0770
Best Buy Theater Box Office, 1515 Broadway at W 44th St, NYC 212-930-1950
Also available: VIP Tickets
Offers full view of stage from private VIP balcony.
There is an additional $75 per person drink minimum.
21 and over with valid state issued photo ID.
You must arrive to claim your table by 1am or it will be forfeited without refund.
Offers limited view of stage from private VIP balcony.
There is an additional $75 per person drink minimum.
21 and over with valid state issued photo ID.
You must arrive to claim your table by 1am or it will be forfeited without refund.
Tickets also available at18 and over with valid state issued photo ID
Best Buy Theater
1515 Broadway at 44th St NYC, 212-930-1950
Doors at 9pm
Legendary blues rocker Johnny Winter has died, aged 70.
The veteran musician passed away in Zurich, Switzerland, according to Blabbermouth.net, but no more details about their death were available as Wenn went to press.
Motley Crue rocker Nikki Sixx was among the first to pay tribute to the star, writing in a post on Twitter.com, "So bummed to hear about Johnny Winters (sic) passing. I spend (sic) many many years soaking up their music late into the night. #Original #TheBlues."
Winter began their music career as a teenager, landing a record deal at the age of 15 with their band Johnny & the Jammers, and they later released their first solo album, The Progressive Blues Experiment, in 1968. They became a big success with their second record, Johnny Winter, in 1969 and was among the performers at the iconic Woodstock music festival that year.
They continued to enjoy success in the 1970s, and turned to production, heading into the studio with Muddy Waters. Three of the albums they worked on together won Grammy Awards. Winters also received a number of Grammy nominations for their own records, but failed to win.
 They are believed to have performed with Jimi Hendrix in a number of jam sessions which became unofficial bootleg recordings after they were stolen from the guitar legend's home after their death.
In later years, Winter was inducted into the Blues Foundation Hall of Fame.
Winter's death comes just weeks before they were due to release a new album, Step Back, which features stars including Eric Clapton, ZZ Top rocker Billy Gibbons and Aerosmith's Joe Perry. The record is slated to hit shelves in September (14).
A hospital in Chongqing, China, recently released an advertisement offering half-price abortions for women who show a student ID. The ad is making the rounds on the Internet.
According to the Web site Shanghailist, the advertisement (above) reads:
Students are our future, but when something happens to them, who will help and protect them? Chongqing Huaxi Women's Hospital has started Students Care Month, where those students who come to get an abortion can get 50% off if they show their student ids. Abortion surgeries are the most advanced in the world, won't stretch (your womb), won't hurt, it's quick, and you can do what you want afterward, it won't affect your studies or your work.
The advertisement has created quite a stir. When Babble's Strollerderby blogger Brett Singer wrote in a post, “Pro-life, pro-choice, wherever you stand in the abortion debate, I think we can perhaps all agree that a hospital advertising ‘half price abortions if you show your student ID' crosses a line, the majority of their readers disagreed.
One reader commented:
I'm not offended at all. This sounds like a good policy to me, I wish abortions were more affordable here in the US. No one should ever decide to have a baby just because they can't afford an abortion. In my state, the state children's health insurance program will pay for abortions for women who meet income requirements, but you have to wait 2-4 weeks to be approved. The limit for abortion here are 12 weeks, so depending on when the woman finds out they are pregnant, many would be past the first trimester if they waited for the coverage. Kind of sounds like you are just trying to fan the flames of the abortion debate.
Another reader wrote in:
China is not the West, get used to it. Students “study” (read: work) up to 10 hours a day, at minimum 6 days a week. Many have tutors to fill in their spare time. If a student doesn't get into University (the point of all this study), then they often feel inadequate and are prone to suicide. It is THAT much of a big deal. In China you get ONE chance at university: the high school leaver exam. There are night classes for adults, sure, but they can't just wander into a university, flash some ID and get accepted like they can here (New Zealand). You simply don't become a single mother in China. They worry much more about shaming their families than us–having a child out of wedlock would bring shame. In the context of China, this ad is not worth mentioning. Maybe it'd cause a stir in the US…Maybe if there were cut-price abortions with student ID here I wouldn't see so many single mothers struggling along.
And another reader commented:
I think the problem is that, here in the United States, people have allowed anti-abortion activists to frame the debate so much, that even people who are pro-choice are expected to treat abortions as necessary tragedies. Women are expected to experience some kind of negative psychological effects after having an abortion, they are supposed to speak about it softly and with regret, or preferably, not at all. However, the reality is that an early abortion is a relatively minor outpatient surgery with a low risk for complications. I have personally taken my sister and two friends to have an abortion, and the only thing that they felt afterward was immense relief. And even though I agree that abortions should be affordable for all woman who need one, it makes sense to me to offer students a special discount, as students often do not work or only work part-time.
Whether you think the advertisement crosses the line or not, it definitely shows the difference in attitudes about abortion in the United States and China. Or at least the ad signifies the prevalence of abortion in modern-day Chinese culture.
The number of abortions performed in China each year tops 13 million according to CNN. And this number is expected to be much higher because it's based on figures collected only from registered medical institutions. It's assumed that many abortions are performed at unregistered clinics.
Inadequate knowledge of contraception plays a major role in China's annual abortion tally, according to CNN. China has a strict one-child policy, which the government has used to control its population growth. Abortion is legal in China and is widely used as a birth-control method. Abortions in China cost about 600 yuan, or $88, China Daily reported in July.
Meanwhile the United States with a population roughly a quarter that of China reported less than a 10th of the number of abortions–820,151–in 2005, the most recent figures available from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In 2005 in the United States, the cost of a nonhospital abortion with local anesthesia at 10 weeks' gestation ranged from $90 to $1,800; the average amount paid was $413, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
In the United States where abortions are less common and our culture is clearly divided on the ethics of abortion, how do you think people would react if a hospital released an ad similar to the Chinese one?
It was a great day to be this Colorado bear yesterday. After breaking into a local pie shop, Sir Bear helped themselves to some pie. Matter of fact, they helped themselves to all the pie, except for the strawberry rhubarb.
“Just devoured pies, sugar, cocoa and left a mess behind,” Colorado Cherry Company owner Kristi Lehnert told KDVR.
Advertisement
The bear left a fucking mess. Via 9New Colorado
According to Lehnert, the bear broke into their store through a window and proceeded to gobble down 24 cherry pies and 14 apple pies. But here's where the bear and I have idealogical differences: They didn't touch a single strawberry rhubarb pie. Not a one. What gives, bear?
Advertisement
I'm not sure, but I think we all learned an important lesson about the best type of pie to take camping. After all, bears seem pretty good at breaking into every bear-proof container we invent. Maybe technology wasn't the answer. Maybe it was rhubarb.
[KDVR and 9News Colorado h/t BoingBoing]
Top image: The bear. Via KDVR
We are mere weeks away from the release of Gears of War 3, and I've been lucky enough to have played a few of the game's modes and seen it in action at various shows and events. The game looks great, and it seems like it will bring a few new ideas to the table while improving on the already-fun Gears of War 2. The game has nothing to worry about in the buzz department, and the Internet has dutifully been talking about the game's latest trailer.
The problem is that the trailer doesn't exactly play fair, and the use of music feels more like a gimmick that anything that gives an accurate idea of how the game will play. It's certainly a little different from what we're used to seeing in trailers for this kind of game, and that's a trick Epic has used to great effect in the past, but it's also something of a cheat: did any of the past games make you feel the emotions you experience watching these trailers?
Just so we're all on the same page, I've embedded the trailer. Give it a watch, and enjoy Mazzy Star.
People are raving about this trailer—the same way the "Mad World" trailer was gushed about when it was released years ago—but it's beginning to feel like a shortcut to me. There is nothing special going on with the editing of the trailer that grabs my attention, and if anything it looks like a fan took a section from a standard cutscene and then dubbed in one of their favorite songs. The use of music is somewhat novel, but it's an emotional cheat. Is the game going to make me feel like I did when I watched the trailer? The effectiveness of the trailer comes not because Gears of War has a compelling story or that we're invested in the characters at this point. It's effective because a pretty girl is singing an achingly beautiful song in the background.
Heck, the "Mad World" trailer worked for many of us because we still have a deep connection to that song after its use in the cult hit Donnie Darko. When I watch that trailer I'm not sad and wistful because of the destruction the Locust have caused, I think of the last scenes of that movie, and how well everything worked together. In Donnie Darko the song worked to bring out emotion that was already there, like pairing a good wine with your meal. In the trailer for Gears of War the song does all the heavy lifting.
If anything, this reminds me of those fan-made trailers that take comedy movies and make them seem like horror films, or vice versa. At least those use skillful editing tricks and tropes from genre trailers to make their point. The Gears trailers, in contrast, only have the music to fall back on. The "Mad World" trailer was even effectively parodied by Bad Company. That gave us a good idea of what we were getting into with Bad Company by introducing the characters with humor, and skewering the somewhat heavy-handed emoting we find in the Gears trailers.
It's slightly unfair to call out Gears for this, because Dead Island is guilty of the same basic thing, although that trailer was more of a short film than a badly edited music video. Halo has also benefited from trailers that point to emotions that are found nowhere in the actual game. In many cases I've talked to people who tell me they feel things because they remember their reaction to watching the trailer, not playing the game. That's backwards and annoying. Is a song enough to re-contextualize an entire game, or series of games?
I wish we could have trailers that pull from the actual game in order to provoke an emotional reaction, instead of relying on juxtaposition to make the point. I wish there were moments in Gears of War that actually made me feel like these trailers do. It's not that the games aren't emotional—I can think of one or two moments off the top of my head that hit hard—but these trailers are painting the picture of a game that doesn't really exist. It's a ploy, a shortcut to an emotional connection, and it's becoming a formula when it comes to sell action games.
It takes more than a sad song put over now-familiar scenes of violence to create a poetic or affecting image. I want to connect to the game, not a song that brings its own baggage.
Discussion
This analysis of opioid overdose deaths in 10 states participating in the ESOOS program found that illicitly manufactured fentanyl is a key factor driving opioid overdose deaths and that fentanyl analogs are increasingly contributing to a complex illicit opioid market with significant public health implications. Previous reports have indicated that use of illicitly manufactured fentanyl mixed with heroin, with and without users' knowledge, is driving many fentanyl overdoses, particularly east of the Mississippi River (3,4). Consistent with these findings, at least half of opioid overdose deaths in six of the seven participating states east of the Mississippi tested positive for fentanyl. Over half the overdose deaths involving fentanyl and fentanyl analogs tested positive for confirmed or suspected heroin (the most commonly detected illicit substance), cocaine, or methamphetamine. This supports findings from other reports indicating that fentanyl and fentanyl analogs are commonly used with or mixed with heroin or cocaine (3,4). Nearly half of overdose deaths involving fentanyl and fentanyl analogs, however, did not test positive for other illicit opioids, suggesting that fentanyl and fentanyl analogs might be emerging as unique illicit products.
Fentanyl and fentanyl analogs are highly potent and fast-acting synthetic compounds that can trigger rapid progression to loss of consciousness and death and thus might require immediate treatment and high doses of naloxone (5). Because of the potency of fentanyl and fentanyl analogs and the rapid onset of action, these drugs were determined by medical examiners and coroners to play a causal role in almost all fatal opioid overdoses in which they were detected. Injection, the most commonly reported route of administration in fatal overdoses, exacerbates these risks because of rapid absorption and high bioavailability. The high potency of fentanyl and fentanyl analogs, however, can result in overdose even when administered via other routes. Nearly one in five deaths involving fentanyl and fentanyl analogs had evidence of snorting, ingestion, or smoking, with no evidence of injection. Multiple overdose outbreaks and law enforcement drug product submissions across the country have reported counterfeit prescription pills laced with fentanyl and fentanyl analogs (10).
With few exceptions, fentanyl analogs are illicitly manufactured, because they do not have a legitimate medical use in humans.§§ The detection of fentanyl analogs in >10% of opioid overdoses in four states raises the concern that fentanyl analogs have become a part of illicit opioid markets in multiple states. The fentanyl analogs most commonly detected were carfentanil, furanylfentanyl, and acetylfentanyl. Carfentanil, which is intended for sedation of large animals, is much more potent than fentanyl, whereas furanylfentanyl and acetylfentanyl are less potent (9). Carfentanil contributed to approximately 350 overdose deaths in Ohio, but was detected in only one other state (West Virginia). Because of its extreme potency, even limited circulation of carfentanil could markedly increase the number of fatal overdoses. Recent data suggest that carfentanil deaths are occurring in multiple other states, including Kentucky, which reported 10 overdose deaths involving carfentanil in the second half of 2016 (Kentucky Department of Public Health, unpublished data, 2017) and New Hampshire, which reported 10 deaths in 2017.¶¶ Forty-six percent of SUDORS opioid overdose deaths involving fentanyl analogs tested positive for fentanyl or an additional fentanyl analog, ranging from 31% for carfentanil to 97% for acetylfentanyl. The increased mixing or co-use of fentanyl, heroin, cocaine, and varying fentanyl analogs might contribute to increased risk for overdose because persons misusing opioids and other drugs are exposed to drug products with substantially varied potency.
The findings in this report are subject to at least five limitations. First, results are limited to 10 states and therefore might not be generalizable. Second, the presence of fentanyl analogs is underestimated because commonly used toxicologic testing does not include fentanyl analogs, some fentanyl analogs are difficult to detect (9), and specialized testing for fentanyl analogs varied across states and over time. Third, the route of fentanyl and fentanyl analog administration must be interpreted cautiously because the data do not link specific drugs to routes of administration and thus the precise route of administration of fentanyl or fentanyl analogs cannot be determined in overdose deaths involving multiple substances (e.g., heroin and cocaine) and routes (e.g., injection and snorting). Fourth, the combination of deaths with toxicologic confirmation of heroin with those with detection of morphine and death scene evidence suggesting heroin use might have resulted in misclassification of some deaths. Finally, fentanyl source could not be definitively determined; however, only a small percentage of fentanyl deaths had evidence consistent with prescription fentanyl (e.g., transdermal use versus injection).
Illicitly manufactured fentanyl is now a major driver of opioid overdose deaths in multiple states, with a variety of fentanyl analogs increasingly involved, if not solely implicated, in these deaths. This finding raises concern that in the near future, fentanyl analog overdose deaths might mirror the rapidly rising trajectory of fentanyl overdose deaths that began in 2013 and become a major factor in opioid overdose deaths. In response to this concern, CDC expanded ESOOS to 32 states and the District of Columbia in 2017 and added funding for all 33 recipients to improve forensic toxicologic testing of opioid overdose deaths to include capacity to test for a wider range of fentanyl analogs.*** Increased implementation of evidence-based efforts targeting persons at high risk for illicit opioid use, including increased access to medication-assisted treatment, increased availability of naloxone in sufficient doses, and other innovative intervention programs targeting this group, is needed to address a large and growing percentage of opioid overdose deaths involving fentanyl and fentanyl analogs.
Daily Beast editor Goldie Taylor and their son Josh -- Twitter
Daily Beast editor Goldie Taylor took to Twitter on Saturday to relate the story of their son who was held by undercover police with a Taser when they innocently tried to sell their MacBook via Craigslist.
According to Taylor, their son Josh contacted them on Friday after the prospective “buyer” of the laptop approached them on the street only to have another undercover officer slip up behind them and press a weapon to their back before handcuffing him.
Taylor relates that their son — a young black man — told her, “Mom, if I had moved they could've killed me and gotten away with it.”
Over a series of tweets, Taylor explained that their son had agreed to meet with an actual buyer — who later emailed to apologize and blamed the police — when they were cuffed while officers scanned their laptop to see if it was stolen.
After discovering they were the rightful owner, the undercover officers apologized and uncuffed him, yet never showed ID to the young man during the the entire incident.
“This happened out in the open on a busy street,” they wrote. “My son got into their car and broke down in tears. They called me sobbing.”
According to the popular editor for the Beast, they have contacted the mayor of Atlanta where they go to school and has hired investigators to look into the incident as well as the buyer who reported them son.
In 2015, Taylor wrote poignantly about the shooting of Trayvon Martin and how their death relates to their son.
“I, like so many others, had tacitly accepted the notion that our sons were required to meet a different standard when confronted by police or other people in authority,” they wrote. “There is, as almost every parent of a black boy will tell you, a way to behave that does not guarantee but (we hope) increases the chances that they will make it home.”
Screenshots of Taylor's tweets below:
(EDITORS NOTE: In an email sent to Raw Story, Goldie Taylor clarified that the “weapon” held to their son's back was a Taser and not a gun. We apologize for the confusion.)
A federal judge this week raised the payout in an otherwise small verdict against two Huntsville police officers, ordering them to pay $146,000 in attorney fees and legal expenses.
A federal jury in December had ordered two city police officers to pay $2,000 apiece for repeatedly pepper-spraying a handcuffed student from Oakwood College. But the decision left neither side happy.
After a four-day trial, the jury found that Officer Jennifer Watkins and Officer Hunter Aldridge did indeed use excessive force. Yet the $4,000 verdict was a mere fraction of the half a million the complainant had sought.
U.S. District Judge Abdul Kallon this week cited the public benefit of the trial when awarding $138,160 in attorney fees to Hank Sherrod of Florence. Sherrod was also awarded $8,334 in expenses.
Kallon wrote that the trial brought to light that police policy, training and internal affairs investigators all sanctioned a use of pepper spray that the jury found unconstitutional.
"Consequently," wrote the judge, "the jury's repudiation of this acceptable practice and its verdict should shape future HPD training and procedures and its award of punitive damages should deter misuse of OC spray by HPD officers."
Silvadnie Quainoo, now a graduate student at Alabama A&M, was a passenger in a Mustang pulled over near Madison Square Mall on Feb. 6, 2008. Officers said the driver did not stop fast enough. Police asked both Quainoo and the driver to step out of the car, and the driver agreed to let police search the vehicle. There was no contraband in the car.
Quainoo, who repeatedly asked why they were being searched, became agitated. Quainoo has said that's because a female officer put their hand down the back of Quainoo's pants. Police then placed Quainoo in handcuffs. When they did not calm down, a male officer sprayed them twice in the face at close range.
The confrontation was captured on police cameras. Police charged Quainoo with obstructing government operations, meaning they interfered with the search of their person. They spent a night in jail. The city later dropped the charge.
The jury rejected claims of unlawful search and false arrest, but agreed with the claim of excessive force in regard to the pepper spray.
The judge's order on June 2 also denied the officers' motion for a new trial based on the facts of the case.
"In a nutshell, Officers Watkins and Aldridge argue that the evidence Quainoo introduced was insufficient to support the jury's findings," wrote the judge. "The court disagrees. The traffic stop, search, use of force, and arrest that gave rise to this matter were captured on videotape, which the jury watched ad nauseam. The videotape, coupled with the rest of the evidence presented, was sufficient to support the verdict the jury reached."
Quainoo also asked for a new trial, arguing Watkins had exceeded the standards for a search by reaching inside their pants. That motion was also denied.
"The jury heard both Quainoo's and Officer Watkins' account of the search, watched the video footage of it, and decided to credit Officer Watkins' account of the search," wrote Judge Kallon. "The court will not disturb that determination."
SIRTE, Libya — Sitting in a depression in the sand, behind a dune and surrounded by a handful of sorry-looking shrubs, was what the whole world is worried about.
There, under the baking sun on the outskirts of one of the most war-torn cities in Libya earlier this week, were crates full of the kind of surface-to-air missiles that could take down a jetliner.
They didn't appear to belong to anyone. There was no one guarding them and no one took notice when Peter Bouckaert, the emergencies directory for Human Rights Watch, began tearing into them.
He'd already trolled through scores of green wooden boxes scattered across Libya's sandy slopes, some of them full of bombs, rockets and shells — some of them long emptied.
But it was these kinds of surface-to-air missiles, known as SAMs, that foreign governments and aid organizations alike are terrified will end up in the wrong places and in the wrong hands.
It is widely believed that many of these weapons have already made their way out of the country. According to Israeli officials, Libyan munitions had been arriving in Gaza for months.
Related: Libya's missing weapons being smuggled into Gaza
The U.S. State Department, meanwhile, has made it a priority to try and track and dismantle the dangerous missiles, earmarking $40 million for the search.
But Bouckaert said it may have joined the hunt too late.
This week three State Department contractors, who declined to be named, met with Bouckaert in Misrata to gather information on the weapons sites around Sirte.
“It would have been nice if you guys had gotten here earlier,” Bouckaert told them.
“Well, yeah, that's the government,” one of the contractor's said.
They asked Bouckaert if the Misrata brigade who had led them to the missiles answered to the Ministry of Defense.
“The MoD's authority doesn't extend beyond their hotel,” Bouckaert replied.
“The U.S. State Department has acted with a lot of sincerity,” Bouckaert told GlobalPost. “But they've always been a day late to secure these weapons — they were in Benghazi when the weapons were in Tripoli, and in Tripoli when they should be in Sirte. Now it's going to cost them a lot more to track these weapons.”
And in Libya, these weapons are everywhere. About 20,000 surface-to-air missiles existed inside Libya before the revolution began, according to some estimates.
Libya: Mass proliferation of small arms worries authorities
Two days after Sirte's fall and Muammar Gaddafi's death, rebel forces from Misrata were pulling their stakes out of the ruins of what had been one of Libya's richest cities. Sirte was a shattered ghost town with no water, electricity or residents.
The Sdada Martyr's Brigade parked their hallmark all-black gun trucks in front of the metal containers they'd been sleeping in for more than a month to pack up. They hauled their mattresses, teapots, generators, and even a tank. And they filled one dump truck with a cache of former loyalist munitions, including seven SAMs.
The green, five-foot long SA-24 missiles were piled together in back like a set of discarded golf clubs.
“The scale of weapons in Libya is 10 times greater than in post-war Iraq,” Bouckaert said as they took pictures and catalogued the missiles' identification numbers in an effort to determine where they came from.
Such missiles can hit an airplane flying 10,000 feet in the air using a heat-seeking warhead. A shoulder-fired SA-7 hit an Airbus operated by DHL in Baghdad in 2003, forcing a controlled landing after the hydraulic system failed
Bouckaert said the plethora of unsecured surface-to-air missiles had been one of their biggest concerns since their team arrived at the start of the revolution in February.
“In Tripoli in August we found storehouses of landmines, anti-tank mines, also lots of looted surface-to-air missiles,” Bouckaert said. “What disappears first is surface-to-air missiles and hand-held weapons.”
More: Celebratory gun fire a menace in Libya
Although the ability of such missiles to shoot down an airliner is serious cause of alarm for the United States and other governments, Nicholas Marsh, a research fellow at the Peach Research Institute in Oslo, said they had doubts about the threat.
Surface-to-air missiles have been available for decades but a civilian airliner has rarely ever been targeted.
“The operation, maintenance and successful launch of a missile requires skills and equipment that aren't possessed by groups that might aim to bring down a civilian airliner,” they said.
They also doubted that the missiles were even still functional.
“I'm not convinced about the condition of the SA-7s found in Libya,” Marsh said. “My impression is that Gaddafi's regime just let huge quantities of material sit gathering dust in depots for decades.”
The missiles Bouckaert found, however, were still wrapped in plastic and had their batteries attached.
The more immediate threat might be from regional militant groups in the Middle East and Africa like Hamas and Hezbollah, which have more advanced training and state-funded budgets.
“[One] concern is that the missiles might get into the hands of a government,” Marsh said. “Those that are under embargo, and the rationale for them to obtain arms from Libya is clear. They couldn't legally buy such missiles on the international market, and so they will attempt to obtain them through illicit channels. The main concerns would be of Hezbollah, Sudan, Iran.”
Bouckaert agrees that surface-to-air missiles would be most dangerous in places like Gaza and Chad, but doesn't want the world to forget that plain old tank shells, like the kind they found stacked to the ceiling at Hoshu Milhey, an unguarded complex of 70 warehouses 100 kilometers south of Sirte, have killed hundreds of soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan because they can easily be made into improvised explosive devices, or IEDs.
“We could have pulled an 18-wheeler here and taken as many weapons as we wanted,” they said of the completely unguarded facility that the rebels had already looted for handheld weapons and anything they could mount on pickup trucks.
At the weapons depot in Sirte, Bouckaert said they had tracked 389 boxes of surface-to-air missiles using the shipment numbers marked on the crates and the packing lists inside. At the weapons site at Hoshu Milhey, they found upwards of 10,000 tonnes of bombs and missiles.
Munitions crates, they said, were scattered across the desert floor as far as the eye could see.
Injured Dog Stranded on Train Tracks Is Protected by Furry Friend (ABC News)
An injured dog that apparently couldn't move off some snowy train tracks was, thankfully, not alone.
A furry friend made sure the other dog, Lucy, remained safe even when trains passed by holding their head down to keep them from getting hit.
Denis Malafeyev, who said they were part of the rescue effort for the two dogs, shared the heartwarming story on Facebook.
The Uzhhorod, Ukraine, man added in a message posted on Christmas Day that the dog named Panda not only protected Lucy from oncoming trains, they also warmed them as temperatures dropped.
'Santa Squirrel' Saved After a Bone Stuck Around Its Neck Was Removed
Little Boy Sneaks Into Neighbor's Garage to Hug Dog
Malafeyev called the dogs' bond "instinct, love, friendship, loyalty," according to a Russian translation of their message.
In an update four days later, Malafeyev said the two dogs were successfully removed from the train tracks by an animal shelter.
They were later reunited with their owners, who provided proof that they owned the two dogs.
"The animals are on the mend," Malafeyev added.
Swiss police searched the office of Europe's top soccer association, and a member of FIFA's ethics panel resigned following Panama Papers revelations.
A FIFA official has resigned from the world soccer body's ethics panel and Swiss police have raided the offices of Europe's top soccer association – the latest impacts in response to revelations in the Panama Papers scandal.
FIFA confirmed today that Juan Pedro Damiani has stepped down from their position as a member of the organization's Independent Ethics Panel. Their resignation was sparked by an investigation by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists and other media partners that uncovered business ties between Damiani and three men indicted in U.S. authorities' wide-ranging probe into bribery and corruption inside the world's most popular sport.
Switzerland's attorney general also confirmed today that authorities had searched the offices of UEFA, the Union of European Football Associations, “for the purpose of securing evidence.” The attorney general's office said the search was prompted in part by its own investigation and in part by the Panama Papers reporting team's disclosures about links between the Europe body and one of the business people indicted in the U.S.
Damiani's resignation comes after FIFA's ethics panel launched an investigation in response to the media partnership's findings that Damiani and their law firm had done work for offshore companies linked to Eugenio Figueredo, a former FIFA vice president who has been charged by U.S. authorities with wire fraud and money laundering, as well as to Hugo and Mariano Jinkis, a father-son team of business people accused of offering bribes to gain broadcast rights to FIFA events in Latin America.
Damiani told ICIJ and other media partners that they couldn't comment directly on the reporters' findings. But they asserted that they have a taken a lead role in reporting evidence of corruption within FIFA to the group's ethics panel and to authorities in their home country of Uruguay.
The UEFA raid comes in the wake of disclosures by the Panama Papers reporting partnership that FIFA's current president, Gianni Infantino, had signed a broadcast deal with a company linked to Hugo Jinkis when Infantino was legal director at the European soccer body.
As The Guardian reported, the Panama Papers indicate that Infantino co-signed a contract in 2006 that sold broadcast rights to club competitions in South America to a company linked to Hugo Jinkis.
UEFA maintains that its TV rights deals with the company were above board and it had no way to know that Jinkis would be involved in the scandal a decade later. “There is no suggestion whatsoever of any UEFA official or marketing partner taking any form of bribe or kickback, whether in relation to this tiny deal, or any other commercial transaction,” UEFA said.
The Panama Papers are a collection of more than 11 million documents from the files of Mossack Fonseca, a Panama-based law firm that specializes in creating offshore companies for customers who want to keep their financial affairs under wraps. The records have been the subject of a year-long joint investigation by ICIJ, German daily Süddeutsche Zeitung and more than 100 other media partners.
Bruce Bartlett held senior policy roles in the Reagan and George H.W. Bush administrations and served on the staffs of Representatives Jack Kemp and Ron Paul.  They are the author of “The Benefit and the Burden: Tax Reform – Why We Need It and What It Will Take.”
The United States has had a corporate income tax since 1909, but in all the years since there is a major question about it that economists haven't been able to answer satisfactorily: who pays it? The possibility that Congress may act on corporate tax reform this year makes this a highly salient question.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors.
The problem, of course, is that people must ultimately pay all taxes. Corporations, contrary to the views of some Republicans , are not people. They are legal entities that exist only because governments permit them to and are artificial vehicles through which sales, wages and profits flow. Hence, the actual burden of the corporate tax may fall on any of the groups that receive such flows; namely, customers, workers and shareholders, the ultimate owners of the corporation.
Probably most people assume that the corporate income tax is largely paid by consumers of its products or services. That is, they assume that although the tax is nominally levied on the corporation as a whole, in fact the burden of the tax is shifted onto customers in the form of higher prices.
All economists reject that idea. They point out that prices are set by market forces and the suppliers of goods and services aren't only C-corporations, which pay taxes on the corporate tax schedule, but also sole proprietorships, partnerships and S-corporations that are taxed under the individual income tax. Other suppliers include foreign corporations and nonprofits.
Therefore, corporations cannot raise prices to compensate for the corporate income tax because they will be undercut by businesses to which the tax does not apply. It should also be noted that the states have substantially different corporate tax regimes, including some that do not tax corporations at all, and we do not observe that prices for goods and services vary from state to state depending on its taxation of corporations.
That leaves two remaining groups that may bear the burden of the corporate tax: workers and shareholders.
In 1962, the University of Chicago economist Arnold C. Harberger, published an important article arguing that the corporate tax was borne entirely by shareholders. This was unquestionably true in the first instance; that is, when the corporate income tax was first imposed. The tax simply reduced corporate profits and had to come out of the pockets of shareholders, given that it could not be shifted onto consumers.
But as time went by, some economists argued that a substantial portion of the corporate income tax was ultimately paid by workers in the form of lower wages. This resulted because the supply of capital would shrink in order to raise the rate of return on capital. A smaller capital stock would reduce the productivity of labor and cause real wages to be lower in the long run.
Most economists now agree that the burden of the corporate income tax falls on labor to some extent, but there is disagreement over the degree. This is important because the political prospects for cutting the statutory corporate tax rate, a goal shared by all tax reformers, may depend on the extent to which it can be shown that workers will benefit.
The just-published March 2013 issue of The National Tax Journal, the principal academic journal devoted to tax analysis, contains four articles by top scholars who have sought to clarify the incidence of the corporate income tax. Unfortunately, there is no consensus.
The first article, by a Reed College economist, Kimberly Clausing, supports the traditional idea that capital bears all of the corporate tax. They note that large multinational corporations have a great deal of flexibility in determining where to locate production, incur costs and realize profits.
A company may borrow in one country and take the deduction for interest there, locate actual production facilities and employ workers in another country, and realize profits in a third country by transferring intellectual property such as patents there or by adjusting prices on internal sales among its foreign subsidiaries.
Moreover, Professor Clausing notes, corporate shareholders may live in many different countries, each facing a different tax regime with respect to the taxation of dividends and capital gains.
For these reasons, they argue that it is impossible for workers to bear any significant portion of the corporate tax in the form of lower wages. It all falls on capital. A second article, by Jennifer Gravelle, a Congressional Budget Office economist, agrees with this conclusion.
But a third article, by an Oxford University economist, Li Liu and a Rutgers economist, Rosanne Altshuler, argues in favor of the idea that labor bears most of the burden of the corporate tax.
They take advantage of the fact that different industries bear different tax burdens because of various provisions of the tax law, and also that concentration and competition varies among industries. They empirically examine wages among industries and conclude that labor bears about 60 percent of the corporate tax burden.
That is, a $1 increase in corporate taxes will reduce wages by about 60 cents.
Finally, four Treasury Department economists detail the method the Treasury uses to allocate the corporate tax in distribution tables. They have the advantage of access to actual corporate tax returns and far greater detail on corporate finances than available to private researchers.
The Treasury economists conclude that 82 percent of the corporate tax falls on capital and 18 percent on labor. This is very close to the methodology of the private Tax Policy Center, whose analyses are frequently cited in policy debates. It assumes that 80 percent of the corporate tax is borne by capital and 20 percent by labor.
Of course, all of these assumptions may be called into question when dealing with any specific tax reform proposal. For example, a change in depreciation allowances is mainly going to affect manufacturing companies, whereas a change in the taxes on foreign-source income will have an impact only on multinationals.
To build support for or opposition to particular changes in corporate taxation, many claims will be made about the constituencies that will benefit or be harmed. People should be aware that even the best academic economists disagree on the basics of who actually pays the corporate tax.
Pakistan has sent another request to the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) about creating a free trade area, Eurasian Economic Commission (EEC) Trade Minister Andrey Slepnev said Wednesday.
The EEU, comprising Russia, Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, is an international organization that encourages regional economic integration through the free movements of goods, services, and people within the union.
More than 40 countries and international organizations, including China, Indonesia, Cambodia and India have expressed interest in creating a free trade zone with the bloc.
"Just two days ago we received a request from Pakistan about free trade, another one," Slepnev said at the Gaidar Forum in Moscow.
They explained that the five member states of the union had a very large agenda, as they had received many requests from different countries looking to establish trade relations with the EEU.
"Therefore, we have to prioritize," they added.
In August 2015, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that the country was interested in signing a free trade agreement with the bloc.
First published by Sputnik.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
Death Cab for Cutie have announced their first studio album since the departure of founding member Chris Walla. It's called Kintsugi, and it's out March 31 via the Atlantic. That's the cover above; you can check out the tracklist below. Walla contributed to the album before leaving, and they also inspired the title: Kintsugi is a style of Japanese art where broken ceramics are fixed using resin that's been mixed with precious metals.
"In the West, if you break an heirloom, you either throw it away or you make the repair as invisible as possible," bassist Nick Harmer told Rolling Stone. "But there's this artistic movement in Japan where the repair of it, the damage of it, is more important as part of the history of something than repairing it to its original state."
Ben Gibbard added, "This is an opportunity for the band to become something it could only become by losing a founding member. It's our goal to make records that rank amongst the best work we've ever done. I completely respect and understand why people love Transatlanticism or We Have the Facts… or Narrow Stairs. And I would hope that as we move forward, people listen with as little prejudice as they can and try to hear the music for what it is and not what they want it to be."
Kintsugi:
01 No Room in Frame
02 Black Sun
03 The Ghosts of Beverly Drive
04 Little Wanderer
05 You've Haunted Me All My Life
06 Hold No Guns
07 Everything's a Ceiling
08 Good Help (Is So Hard to Find)
09 El Dorado
10 Ingénues
11 Binary Sea
S01:E01 - The Two Tigers After 40 years from Tiger mask disappearing the evil Tiger's Den has been resurrected secretly, posing as the huge organization called GWM its aim is to monopolize the professional world of wrestling. Naoto begins their special training to become the new Tiger Mask, as Takuma trains at Tiger's Den to become the new Tiger the Dark. Tiger Mask bursts into a match with Odin to announce their return and passes Tiger the Dark on their way to the ring. Although Naoto and Takuma pass each other they don't know each other's identity.
S01:E02 - Tiger and Lion With Tiger Mask's return GWM cleverly recruits Black Python to wrestle Tiger Mask on a neutral ring provided by New Japan Pro Wrestling. The match quickly becomes a tag team match between Black Python and Tiger the Dark vs. Tiger Mask and a young up and coming wrestler from NJPW.
S01:E03 - The Tiger's Legacy Naoto goes to a secret training ground at the foot of Mt. Fuji where the original Tiger Mask used to train. Three years ago, Daisuke Fujii of "Zipangu Wrestling" was retired by a wrestler / yellow devil from the Tiger's Den, and the group was crushed. Naoto, who was a trainee of "Zipangu Wrestling", lost their way but was led by Takaoka, they received the heritage of Naoto Date here and became the new Tiger Mask. Takuma was visiting a sanatorium where their father Daisuke Fujii continued rehabilitation, but they could not speak.
S01:E04 - The Mask of Red Death Mask and Wakamatsu Ryu 's battle match begins, Wakamatsu attacks with elbow, but it doesn't work against Red Death Mask at all. Wadamatsu begins to bleed and faints due to Red Death Mask special attack Red Death Claw. After the match, Naoto devises a plan to destroy Red Death Mask. Finally the match of Tiger Mask and Red Death Mask, Red death mask secretly drops in the ring before the match begins and attacks Tiger Mask rendering their weak.
S01:E05 - The Mystery of Fukuwara Mask Naoto is going to participate for the first time in a match for New Japan Pro Wrestling as Tiger Mask to acquire experience. Here they meet Fukuwara Mask a comical wrestler with an opposite wrestling style to Tiger Mask. In a Battle royal Tiger mask is entwined with Fukuwara mask where they realize that Fukuwara Mask is not just a comedy pro wrestler.
S01:E06 - Idol vs. Heel Tiger mask is to participate in the New Japanese pro Wrestling tournament to be held in Okinawa. To raise attention to the venue an idol group is recruited; Nama Ham and Yaki Udon from Tokyo. The two go up to the ring to sing, but due to something they posted on their official account the night before, "We were not interested in wrestling but we took on the work, what can we doodle-dandy" enrages the crowd. The venue becomes very rough. What will the fate be for both?
S01:E07 - Naoto and Naoto Tiger mask goes to Okinawa on tour for New Japan Pro Wrestling and receives an interview from the Pro Wrestler's monthly. There was another Tiger Mask who existed 40 years ago, they were an evil wrestler training at the original Tiger's Den, but then betrayed Tiger's Den to become the first Tiger Mask hero of the children. The yellow Tiger mask has been reborn now, as is the black tiger Tiger the Dark. Will the sun in Okinawa reveal the truth of the tigers?
S01:E08 - Tiger's Den Bares Fangs Tiger Mask · Naoto who grew in the matches with New Japan Pro Wrestling felt fulfilled as a professional wrestler. Takuma gets further training at the Tiger's Den headquarters. However, GWM 's invasion of Japan has progressed, and has constructed a huge permanent venue.
S01:E09 - The Stormy Opening Match GWM Wrestle Max Masked World Tournament begins! First up Fukuwara Mask vs. Tiger the Dark! In the meantime Tiger Mask continues their training in anticipation of the new tournament in which they will face Wagner in the first round, before the matches Tiger Mask confront Yellow Devil for the first time since the incident.
S01:E10 - The Mysterious Mister Question A mysterious man has stormed the ring and beat Wagner to Challenge Tiger Mask! The match has been updated to Mister Question vs. Tiger Mask, who will win?
S01:E11 - The Tiger's Killer Move The stage is set for the battle of the Tiger's but Tiger Mask must train and perfect their moves in the NJPW gym. In the meantime Tiger the Dark uses their time to leave a present to their father.
S01:E12 - Tiger vs. Tiger The first Semi-final match is Yellow Devil vs. "It's The Ace". Unfortunetly It's The Ace aggrevates an injury and Yellow Devil takes advantage which forces their corner to throw the towel. Next up the battle of the Tiger's!
S01:E13 - A False Victory The nest match is the Divas match between Queen Elizabeth vs. Payne Fox! With the Fisherman's buster Queen Elizabeth wins the match within the time limit given by Miss X, now Tiger Mask wont have enough time to rest before their next match with Yellow Devil!
S01:E14 - Crossroads With their defeat Takuma (Tiger the Dark) returns to Tigers Den where they look to enter Hell in the Hole and redeem himself!
S01:E15 - Fierce Fight - Bigfoot Match An new wrestler is introduced by Miss X, BigFoot who will go up against Tiger Mask in the main even of the upcoming tournament.
S01:E16 - A Capable Promoter Wrestling is not just a battle between the Masked wrestlers but also the Promoters. What will happen when one of Mexico's top promoters wants to negotiate to have Tiger Mask wrestle in Mexico?
S01:E17 - Don't Be a Softy Tiger Mask is now scheduled to participate in a new wrestling tour in Japan. Upon arrival at the venue, they encounter the sweets-loving wrestler Makabe, who forcibly takes Tiger Mask and Haruna for a tour of the best sweets in town. Suspiciously enough, however, all the shops' coveted treats out of stock. What on earth is happening?!
S01:E18 - Spring Tiger Is Born Mint and Milk of the Candy Pair will participate in GWM's big match once again with opponents Queen & Payne of GWM World Diva Tag Champion. Though the Candy Pair lost at the previous match, it is their full intention to take the belt home this time around. Just before the game commences, however, Milk suddenly falls due to an unforeseen medical condition. Haruna, who had been invited to watch as a guest, uses this opportunity to volunteer as Mint's partner.
S01:E19 - The Escape From Hell Funded and enjoyed by millionaires, Hell in the Hole is the secret wrestling ring in which rules and penalties don't apply, and foul fighting/weapon use is allowed. In the first stage, Takuma and Kevin join forces to defeat Black Python. Meanwhile, Odin and Billy the Kidman rejoice once again as a tag team.
S01:E20 - The Gatekeeper of Hell Red Death Mask demonstrates the power and extent of the ruleless world of Hell in the Hole. Takuma and their fellow wrestlers face Red Death Mask. The the gatekeeper wrestler known as Blackout awaits them, holding a terrible and dark secret.
S01:E21 - Reunion At the GWM's New York Games in America, Tiger the Dark returns to the front stage as an opening act. In the main event, GWM world heavyweight champion The Third shows overwhelming strength against the challenger Bigfoot. Meanwhile, in Japan's new pro-wrestling box office, the tag match between Tiger & Tanahashi VS Okada & Yoshihashi's takes place at the main event. After the game, Dark and Kevin agree to go to Japan per Mr. X's orders, prompting The Third to volunteer to join them.
S01:E22 - Fukuwara Mask's Ambition As an effort to cheer up the desolate and struggling shopping districts in the region, Fukuwara Mask decides to host a voluntary professional wrestling match. The promotional posters for the event feature Tiger Mask, Nagata, and Spring Tiger as the participating wrestlers. However, with no formal offer to appear or perform as a wrestler in the event, Haruna and others are not particularly pleased with their names and likeness being advertised. Additional trouble and drama ensue after the event as well. Will Fukuwara Mask's efforts succeed after all?!
S01:E23 - War Games Open GWM hosts a war game with a winning prize of one million dollars. In addition to the cash prize, the winner will be able to obtain rights to challenge GWM world heavyweight champion The Third to a wrestling match.
S01:E24 - The Fierce Tigers Clash Again A hot battle is underway in the ultimate tournament that is the war game, held in the world's largest special ring. Meanwhile, when the winning Tiger The Dark peels off the Yellow Devil mask, the identity is revealed to be Mikasa Kaioh. Meanwhile, The Third cuts through their competition and reaches the top stage, proving that he's one foot ahead of their competition. Finally, just before the top ranking, the battle of Naito VS The Third, Tiger Mask VS Tiger the Dark begins in the fourth ring. Who is going to rise to the top row?!
S01:E25 - The Tiger's Identity Tiger the Dark VS The Third becomes the main event of the war game. Dark (Takuma) challenges the battle by betting each other's mask. The Third reveals their past and their true self.
S01:E26 - The Mysterious Miracle 1 Takuma will spend their hospital time in the same sanatorium as their father Daisuke, who cares after their disappointed son. A depressed Naoto is encouraged by Takaoka and gets a lot of practice. Meanwhile, a new mask man, Miracle 1, turns against a once excited NJPW team.
S01:E27 - A Deadly Match Against King Tiger With no match against The Third, Tiger Mask's motivation for fighting declines, prompting Ruriko to reveal their past experiences with decline in job motivation. The gong for the fight against King Tiger sounds.
S01:E28 - The Yellow Demon In their fight against Miracles, Tiger Mask demonstrates the rough kill technique that Takaoka had taught him, shocking the crowd. Meanwhile, Naota reunites with an injured Takuma in the hospital, who alongside Miracles was planning to send one more Japanese wrestler to the hospital. However...
S01:E29 - The Solitary Tiger Miss X requests Naoto to become a member of Miralces in order to fight and defeat The Third. Meanwhile, Tiger Mask becomes what is considered as the enemy side to the NJPW fans.
S01:E30 - The Tiger's Sanction At long last, GWM declares war on NJPW, with both groups entering the "Final Wars", betting on their own survival. Wrestlers are selected for each of the five groups in the final round. However, there are tough times ahead for Tiger Mask, who is considered an enemy and traitor by both NJPW and GWM.
S01:E31 - Showdown With the Arashi Juken Style While Naoto focuses on the development of a new deathblow technique, Haruna forcibly goes to Kyoto after hearing Takaoka speak of the master of swordsmanship and judo called "Ten Steps of Storms".
S01:E32 - Lumberjack The battle with GWM vs. NJPW continues, including GWM's sanctioned match against Tiger Mask. Tiger Mask's next opponent is Miracle 3. However, in a game played by a special rule called Lumberjack, a player without a friend is completely disadvantageous. Will Tiger's partner present itself in time?
S01:E33 - Assassin From the Past Mr. X of GWM sends a new assassin to Japan. Takaoka has a strong reaction to the full names of The Second and The Third, hinting at a profound connection between the past and the first Tiger the Great.
S01:E34 - Grand Melee The GWM's plan to defeat the NJPW's regime involves getting five wrestlers from both sides to fight in the Final Wars. While the Final Wars and the battle of Makabe VS Black Tiger take place, Haruna gets caught up in several love patterns and scenarios of their own.
S01:E35 - Tiger Fangs Strike The last game of the Final Wars ends in a draw, with the second match to be a tag match. Okada and Kazushika represent New Japan, with The Third in GWM. When Naito Testuya doesn't appear in the venue at the time of the match, Nagata attempts to participate despite their injuries. However, it is soon revealed that a surprising man will set to save the New Japan crisis...
S01:E36 - Four Tigers With no visible end of the New Japan Pro Wrestling team, the hosting of a fourth game is decided: Tiger Mask & Tiger The Dark VS The Third & The Second.
S01:E37 - Farewell Tiger Okada destroys Miracle One, allowing an extra match to be entered into the Final Wars. The participants of the settlement match are Tiger Mask and Tiger The Great Great The Third. Tiger Mask adorns a new mask and appears to the battle that they are meant to win!
“The PM's job is to see the loopholes when everybody thinks that the product is perfect.”
Building a product is both simple and tricky. Simple in the sense where you have your guidelines and your end result. All you need to do is to figure out how to get there. That, is the tricky part.
You can start by asking the right question that will help you find the best way to roadmap your way towards success.
Is your product memorable or it “flat?
The question here is: what kind of product are you building? And, more importantly, what issues are it solving?
The reason why these questions are vital is because you need to know what kind of added value you're giving your customers. What makes them choose your product over another. Not every feature of your product needs to be perfect. Let's face it, there is no such thing as a “perfectly perfect product”. But that doesn't mean that you can't focus on 3–4 aspects and make them huge! The best there is. Elaborate your most important features. At the end of the day, it's the smallest of the details that make your product feel just right.
How are your UX and UI doing?
What's the best for your customer? What is the most intuitive happy path they can follow? How to minimize friction and ensure a seamless transition?
All these questions come together to answer the true needs of your customer. It's all about UX and UI. We've all seen extremely-simple-almost-pointless products yet we got addicted to them because of the neat UI or the fun UX. UX and UI work together to make your customer's life easier and make them eventually, happy.
How thoughtful is your product?
What is it that you offer that makes your customer fall in love with your product?
Your customers need to see how much effort you've put into making your product. But it doesn't stop at that stage. You need to tell them about it. And no, it's not bragging. It's thoughtfulness. All you have to do is send them an email about the reason behind some of the new details you added. It makes them think about the effort an entire team put into alleviating that struggle. They will appreciate your product even more and start noticing all the new functions. It's all about perception and appreciation.
What metrics are you setting to track your success?
Metrics, metrics, and metrics. What kind of metrics are you keeping up with? Which ones should you focus more on? How many metrics should you have?
Metrics are one of the pillars of product management. After all, how else are you supposed to track your success! But metrics differ as they depend on many variables.
Few things to keep in mind, however, are:
One metric is not enough. Ever. Pick what's important.
Positive numbers don't mean satisfied customers and vice versa. Always dig deeper.
Variables change. Constantly. Make sure you're up to date.
Figure out which metrics are a priority and which are just temporary.
It's important to have different metrics like customer satisfaction, traffic, data points, conversion rate, etc. But keep in mind that numbers are meaningless when out of context or if not reviewed and evaluated properly. Sometimes focusing on the wrong metrics can sacrifice you an opportunity to grow 10x bigger. Just like what happened with Slack.
Are you really looking at the bigger picture?
Customer problems are opportunities. Your biggest customers might be the ones you're more likely to lose if you're not addressing their problems properly.
You can always pay them a visit to assess their problems onsite and see what you can do to fix them. Building a strong relationship with your “VIP” customers can open many doors for you! They can suggest a fix that turns out to be a breakthrough. They can introduce you to other top-notch customers. Or they can give you an external insight into your product, one you lack for having worked so closely on it. Feedback is what helps companies grow. Make sure you get as much as you can!
Building a product is all about asking the right questions, implementing, measuring, comparing, adjusting, testing, and then asking the questions again. Remember, no product is perfect. Make sure to keep your customers needing more. Give them something to look forward to, even when they're not 100% into your product. Give them Peaks and Valleys, as Kenneth Berger puts it, and they'll keep coming for more.
In a recent Wall Street Journal commentary, Daniel Henninger urged Republicans and Democrats to be wary of President Obama's “creeping authoritarianism.” It is a recurrent theme among conservative and libertarian commentators, and surely they have a point. The empirical evidence of executive aggrandizement, not to mention the president's frequent declarations that they will not let congress or the courts stand in the way of doing what needs to be done, is overwhelming.
During my 2010 run for the U.S. Senate in Oregon, the red flags of expanding executive authority were everywhere, and many among the Republican grassroots and the Tea Party attributed it to a desire on the part of the president to destroy America as we know it. Some predicted a power grab in the tradition of Hugo Chavez, the elected president of Venezuela. Others claimed that Obama is intent on transforming our nation into a social welfare state on the model of Europe. A surprisingly large number seemed to believe the president to be a man of ill will.
Of course there is nothing unusual in American politics about attributing nefarious motives to the opposition. But such accusations are seldom persuasive with a large number of voters, particularly when the accused is a loving father and husband. To most people, it's just not plausible that Barack Obama's creeping authoritarianism is evidence of a nefarious plot to transform our democratic republic into a dictatorship.
So if Obama really is a good guy with the best interests of the people who elected them at heart, what explains their dismissive attitude toward the legislative and judicial branches of government?
To some extent, the explanation rests in the adage that power corrupts. But that is true for every president, as well as members of congress and other public officials. Obama clearly enjoys the trappings of high office, but they seem no more corruptible than the average president. Yet no president, at least since FDR, has been so aggressive in pushing the constitutional limits of executive power.
The explanation for Obama's authoritarian impulses is that he, like so many other younger Democrats, is a modern progressive schooled by a left wing professoriate so confident in its views that it sees little need for competing ones. When you have a monopoly on truth, there is really no point in having a marketplace of ideas.
Obama and their underlings are supremely confident about two things. They are confident that they know what is best for the American people, and they are confident that they know how to get the job done. The president ridicules Republican opposition to their agenda as brazen partisanship because they know what policies and actions are good for the nation. There is no point in considering alternatives when yours is undeniably the right path. Republicans are engaged in politics, the president is engaged in serving the public good.
When you know the answer, you grow impatient with those who have not yet seen the light, even if they are the voters or the representatives of the voters. Representative democracy is all well and good, and so is constitutional government, but when you know what is best, sometimes you just have to do the right thing. The president has said as much on numerous occasions.
Though writing about Pope Francis in the wake of their visit to Brazil, the always perceptive Peggy Noonan describes what is desperately needed in the Obama White House – humility. No one would describe Barack Obama as a humble man, particularly not after the way they have embraced the tangible benefits of power. But expensive vacations and lavish entertainment of celebrities are only nickels and dimes in a bloated federal budget. Doing what you are supremely confident is right and good without regard for congress and the courts is a corruption of the constitutional separation of powers.
A small dose of humility would tell the President that the constitutional separation of powers is not about a competition for control among the executive, legislative and judicial branches. It is about how to best preserve liberty and respect the will of voters. Presidents and members of congress are representatives of the people, and often, as now, the people are divided. A humble president would understand that when the people's representatives in congress disagree with what they know to be best, the people, not the president, have the last word. A more humble president would understand that only the people can say what is best for the people.
Literary critic Adam Kirsch is reading a page of Talmud a day, along with Jews around the world.
Last week, I discussed the Talmud's declaration that “the world is a wedding,” a brief celebration that should be enjoyed to the full while it lasts. But what kind of enjoyment are the rabbis talking about? The passage in question mentions food and drink; but as we learned in this week's Daf Yomi reading, the supreme earthly pleasure for the rabbis is always Torah study. This becomes clear in Eruvin 65a, when we hear about the study habits of Rav Chisda, whose daughter once asked him: “Does the master not need to doze a little?” Chisda replied with the Talmudic equivalent of “I'll sleep when I'm dead”: “Soon [that is, in the grave], there will come days that are long [for the purpose of sleeping] and short [for the purpose of Torah study], and we will sleep very much.”
This is a kind of carpe diem, but utterly without the erotic hedonism usually associated with that phrase. Chisda's sentence reminded me of the famous lines of the Latin poet Catullus, who pleaded with their lover: “For us, once our brief sun sets,/We must sleep an eternal night./Therefore give me a thousand kisses, then a hundred,/Then another thousand, then another hundred.” For the Roman, death was a reminder to make hay while the sun shines; for the Jew, it is a reminder to study Torah while the sun shines. Or, indeed, while the moon shines, for in the opinion of Shimon ben Lakish, “The moon was created specifically for Torah study.”
The proper discipline of the Talmud scholar was a major theme of the first part of Chapter 6 of Tractate Eruvin, which we began to read this week. Ostensibly, the subject of the chapter is a further refinement of the law of courtyard eruvs, which were discussed at the beginning of the tractate. When houses share a courtyard, or chatzeir, the owners are permitted to legally merge their residences for the purpose of Shabbat. This allows them to treat the whole courtyard as a private domain, in which carrying is permitted.
As long as all the residents of a courtyard are Jews, this doesn't present a problem. But what happens, the Mishnah asks, if one of the residents is a non-Jew, an “idolater”? (The Hebrew term for idolater is rather poetic: oved kochavim, a servant of the stars.) The Tannaim rule that it is impossible for a Jew to establish an eruv with a non-Jew—or, for that matter, with a Jew who rejects the authority of the Oral Law (like the Second Temple-era Sadducees), and so believes eruvs to be illegitimate.
The Gemara goes on to explain that the residence of an idolater has no legal status in Jewish law—it is considered ownerless, “similar to an animal stable.” Because a non-Jew can't join in an eruv, the Jews in the courtyard must rent the premises of the non-Jew for the duration of Shabbat, using either a formal lease or what the rabbis call a “token lease,” one that requires only a nominal exchange of money.
This requirement was instituted, the Gemara candidly explains, specifically in order to make it difficult for a Jew to live alongside a non-Jew. In Talmudic times, the text makes clear, Jews and non-Jews were expected to regard each other with grave suspicion. To a Jew, “an idolater is suspected of having murderous intentions,” and conversely, “the idolater will be suspicious that the Jew is engaged in acts of sorcery.” For these reasons, the Talmud says, it is virtually unheard of for a Jew to live alone in a non-Jewish courtyard. By increasing the legal burden on a Jew cohabiting with non-Jews, the rabbis hoped to discourage such mingling even further. Clearly, multiculturalism is not a Talmudic value.
After this discussion, the Gemara makes a characteristically lateral move to a new subject. In the course of the argument, the rabbis declare that the halakhah on a certain point follows Rabbi Eliezer ben Yaakov, whose mishnaic rulings are said to be “limited and pure”: that is, while they have few legal opinions to their name, the ones they did issue are always authoritative.
This leads Abaye to raise an unexpected question. Ordinarily, it is forbidden for a Torah sage, no matter how eminent, to issue a legal ruling “in the vicinity of their teacher.” A student must always defer to their teacher's authority, even after they have become a master himself. But if it is a rule of thumb that Eliezer ben Yaakov's view is always right, can a disciple issue a decision following Eliezer in the presence of their teacher? In other words, does the law of precedence apply even in routine cases, where there can be no doubt of the right answer to a question?
The answer, we quickly learn, is yes. Even when the student knows for sure what their teacher would say in response to a certain problem, they are forbidden to anticipate their teacher's ruling. This is a clear demonstration of the patriarchal nature of rabbinic authority: A teacher is like a father, a student like a son, and the son must always humble themselves before the father. The Gemara goes on to explain that this applies only to a student's primary teacher; if a student has learned a small amount of Torah from another elder, they do not need to defer to them once they have become the elder's talmid chaver, or peer in learning.
To make things crystal clear, we learn on Eruvin 63a that a disciple who renders legal decisions in the presence of their teacher “is liable to death.” That is how the Gemara interprets the enigmatic episode in Leviticus where Aaron's two sons, Nadab and Abihu, offer “strange fire” on the Lord's altar and are punished by being burned up by a flame from Heaven. On its face, the crime of Nadab and Abihu seems to be a cultic or ritual violation: They contaminated the tabernacle with unclean incense. To the rabbis, however, their crime appears different and more substantive. By deciding for themselves when to make a sacrifice, they effectively “rendered a legal decision in the presence of Moses, their teacher,” and it was for this arrogance that they were punished.
Later, on Eruvin 64a, we learn another point of rabbinic protocol. On one occasion, Rav Nachman heard Rav Yehudah state a certain point of law and pronounced the ruling “excellent.” Then Rav Yehudah ruled that a rabbi who has drunk wine cannot make legal decisions, since they are not in full possession of their judgment. But this time Nachman did not agree, and they said: “This statement is not excellent; for until I drink wine my mind is not clear.” This demurral got Nachman into double trouble. First, they were wrong on the merits: The Gemara goes on to discuss at length how drinking wine renders a Jew unfit for prayer, much less for rendering a complex legal judgment.
Second, Nachman erred by expressing their personal opinion about another sage's Torah rulings. “Anyone who comments ‘this statement is beautiful' and ‘this is not beautiful,' ” said Acha bar Chanina, “diminishes the honor of the Torah.” The law is so sacred that it is forbidden to prefer one part of it to another. Whether the rabbis always held themselves to such a strict standard is open to doubt. Certainly, I have already come across several occasions where a particular sage's ruling is singled out for praise. But the stern Talmudic principle is clear: The law is the law, whether it pleases you or not.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Adam Kirsch is a poet and literary critic, whose books include The People and the Books: 18 Classics of Jewish Literature.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska >> Officials today posthumously honored more than a dozen members of a largely Alaska Native citizen militia who protected the U.S. territory from the threat of Japanese invasion during World War II, bringing closure to their families for a service that went unrecognized for decades.
SHARE
ADVERTISING
ANCHORAGE, Alaska >> Officials today posthumously honored more than a dozen members of a largely Alaska Native citizen militia who protected the U.S. territory from the threat of Japanese invasion during World War II, bringing closure to their families for a service that went unrecognized for decades.
Gov. Bill Walker and state veterans affairs officials presented Army discharge papers to the relatives of 16 deceased members of the Alaska Territorial Guard during a ceremony ahead of Memorial Day weekend.
The event was an emotional time for Rebecca Czyz, the niece of militia member and Inupiat Eskimo sharpshooter Laura Beltz Wright, who was among just 23 women in the 6,400-member unit.
Czyz grew up with their aunt, who died in 1996. They said Wright was an adventurous woman who could outshoot most. They once ran mail by dog sled between villages and later owned a parka shop in Anchorage. They once told their niece that they would be fine with just a tent and a frying pan.
Czyz knew their aunt had served in the Territorial Guard but never paid much attention to that part of their life. They became more interested as they got older, and seeing the discharge papers gave them closure, Czyz said.
“I just felt very proud,” they said. “It would have been an honor for them to be here, but at least their family can accept this award for her.”
Also recognized was Jay B. Mallott, father of Lt. Gov. Byron Mallott, who could not make the event after their flight was canceled. The lieutenant governor's son, Ben Mallott, received their grandfather's papers.
“It feels pretty good to have their service honored and recognized,” they said.
Alaska was still 17 years away from statehood when the militia formed in 1942 after Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor and points along Alaska's Aleutian Islands.
Nicknamed Uncle Sam's Men and Eskimo Scouts, the volunteer members stepped in to watch over the 586,000-square-mile territory, which was vulnerable to further attack with the National Guard pressed into federal service. And they did it without pay.
The militia disbanded with little fanfare in 1947, almost two years after the war ended. But members were not formally recognized by the Army as military veterans until 2004.
Nearly 2,600 discharge papers have been issued since then by the Army, which has worked with the state Department of Veterans and Military Affairs to obtain the documents. Officials at Alaska Native Heritage Center in Anchorage plan to make the ceremony a yearly event as more papers are issued.
Mercedes Angerman, deputy director of the state military agency, said obtaining the discharge papers is a lengthy and sometimes challenging process.
Surviving relatives can have different last names than the Territorial Guard members. Sometimes families don't realize their relative served in the unit or they don't know the member's date of birth, which is required.
“Sometimes it's like catching the wind,” Angerman said.
They said the goal is to ultimately obtain a discharge for every member. Once families receive the documents, they qualify for a free headstone for the militia members from the National Cemetery Administration.
The beauty of the conservatives' “uncertainty” argument — that businesses aren't creating jobs because of the uncertainty created by Obama policies — is that you can always raise the bar on it indefinitely. It doesn't matter that conservatives are largely getting their way on the economy — the stimulus is winding down; tax cuts on the rich are still in place; Dems have agreed to massive spending cuts and are prioritizing the deficit; Obama's jobs plan isn't getting passed — and that we're still struggling.
You see, there are always still other Obama policies in place that can be blamed for creating uncertainty and halting the recovery. That's where the claim of “overregulation” comes in.
On Fox News today, John McCain offered the perfect illustration of this. They called for the elimination of “thousands” of new regulations they claimed are costing us “billions and billions of jobs”:
McCain said:
We have a plan and we'll have almost all of the Republican Senators behind it. And if [Obama] wants to bring up a piece of their proposed plan, we'll bring up a piece of ours.
We'd love to see, for example, a vote in the United States Senate on a moratorium on Federal regulations, which are coming out by the thousands, costing businesses billions and billions of jobs. We'd love to see a vote on that. But it will be interesting to see if the Majority Leader will allow it.
Now, I'm assuming McCain misspoke here, because the loss of billions and billions of jobs in a country with a population of just over 300 million would leave the unemployment rate at truly untenable levels. Perhaps they meant billions and billions of dollars.
That aside, this overarching claim has already been thoroughly debunked. The Associated Press recently did a bracing fact check and concluded that Labor Department data show that under Obama, just two-tenths of 1 percent of layoffs have been due to government regulation. McClatchy recently canvassed small businesses across the country and found little evidence that it's a factor.
And Bruce Bartlett, a top policy adviser in the administrations of Reagan and the elder Bush, recently concluded that worry about regulatory uncertainty “is a canard invented by Republicans” and “not a serious effort to deal with high unemployment.” Bartlett argued that the focus on regulation is rooted in the GOP's lack of any real ideas to create jobs.
Whether it was a verbal gaffe or whether McCain really believes it, their suggestion that rolling back regulations could save “billions and billions of jobs” only underscores how arbitrary and at odds with the data this prescription for “job creation” really is.
BOSTON -- How much better would you feel about the Red Sox's chances next season if someone told you general manager Ben Cherington could sign a player who brought to the table the following credentials:
• In the past three seasons (2010-2012), they trailed only Miguel Cabrera, Joey Votto, Jose Bautista and Josh Hamilton in on-base plus slugging percentage (OPS).
• In the past three seasons, they trailed only Cabrera, Votto, Bautista, Albert Pujols and Ryan Braun in OPS+, which measures OPS adjusted to a player's home park.
• In the past three seasons, they trailed only Cabrera, Bautista, Hamilton, Votto and Braun in slugging percentage.
• In the past three seasons, they trailed only Bautista, Giancarlo Stanton, Cabrera and Hamilton in isolated power (ISO), which measures the percentage of extra-base hits a player has.
The Red Sox are betting that David Ortiz's production won't be slowed much by age or injury. Jared Wickerham/Getty Images
Now, how much better do you feel to know that Cherington has already signed that player, and for a salary less than the average salary of the game's top 125 players?
Their name is David Ortiz, and yes, the two-year, $26 million contract the Red Sox gave them Friday to remain with the club is greater than what the free-agent market has historically rewarded designated hitters. But maybe it's about time to acknowledge that Ortiz, especially after the way they hit in 2012 before going down with a strained Achilles tendon, does not match the profile of the typical aging designated hitter.
And with so few big bats on the open market this winter, this might have been the year another club decided to bet big that Ortiz would continue to be a very productive hitter for a couple more seasons. The kind of hitter that could mean playing deep into October.
The Red Sox obviously were unwilling to take that chance, striking a deal with Ortiz's agent, Fernando Cuza, before Ortiz could shop their wares elsewhere.
Did they overpay? You could point to the fact that the Sox offered Ortiz two years for $18 million when they were a year younger and make that argument. Plenty of people have, just as plenty of people have said that Ortiz wouldn't have come close to $26 million on the open market.
But a stronger argument can be made that Ortiz is a special case. They have an intrinsic worth to the franchise that makes them more valuable to Boston than any other team, and they might be one of those rare players, like fellow DHs Edgar Martinez and Paul Molitor, who can sustain performance even in the twilight of their career.
Ortiz turns 37 later this month. They will be just short of their 39th birthday when this deal expires.  They are coming off a major injury, one that caused them to decide to stop playing in late August after the megadeal with the Dodgers, according to the skewed vision of fired manager Bobby Valentine.
Rather than merely hold up a white guy
at an ATM machine, the young Barack Obama
led a gang of 186 plaintiffs to mug Citibank.
It was part of a nationwide "crime spree;"
a primary cause of the housing bubble
and its subsequent world-wide recession.
Like this story?
Help Kenn spread the word by clicking it onto Facebook. See icon below . . .
Permission is granted to use the material in this article providing (1) the byline is included
in an obvious manner
crediting DailyKenn.com as the author, (2) a link to this page is included and (3) no changes are made either by deletion, addition or annotation. Original compositions at DailyKenn.com are sometimes seeded with decoy data, such as hidden acronyms, to detect unauthorized use and plagiarism.
COMMENTS: The use of vulgarities and pejoratives may result in your comment being zapped.
A typical player in the shake-down-whitey sub-prime loan debacle was a young black Chicago lawyer named Barack Obama.In 1995 Obama led 186 black plaintiffs in a lawsuit against Citibank as their lead attorney. Citibank, they said, refused to loan them money for mortgages because they were black.Citibank did not coerce poor blacks to sign mortgage papers. Rather, the lawsuit pressured Citibank to the table.It was not predatory lending. It was predatory borrowing.The bank did not want to loan them money. The skin tone of the borrowers was not relevant. It was their inability to repay the loans that worried the bank.Now, 17 years later, we understand how Obama's lawsuit, and other like it, forced the nation and the world into a financial disaster.Nearly half of the 186 black plaintiffs have since filed bankruptcy or received foreclosure notices. Only 19 of the black plaintiffs (about 10 percent) still own their homes and retain clean credit ratings.The 1990s was a decade of predatory borrowing when lending institutions were pressured to dole out billions of dollars to borrowers who were unable to repay. It could be described as a massive, nationwide ATM hold up.Predatory attorneys, like Obama, were effectively licensed by Jimmy Carter's Community Reinvestment Act. "Regulators instructed banks to consider alternatives to traditional credit histories because CRA targeted borrowers often lacked traditional credit histories. The banks were expected to become creative, to consider other indicators of reliability," explains John Carney of The Business Insider. "Banks were expected by regulators to relax income requirements." [ source Tampering with free markets didn't bode well for those who thought they could shake down the system. The predatory-borrowing housing bubble lingers in the form of a trailing recession. The national unemployment rate remains over 8 percent; over 14 percent for blacks Americans and around 41 percent for black teens.Think of Obama as a street thug; the gang leader who held up an ATM machine. Only the venue has changed from ATM to courtroom.How much did Obama earn in attorney fees?We don't know.Does anyone see the irony?Barack Obama, whose message of hope and change rallied blacks to vote for them in 2008, was a typical key player in causing the bubble that led to the recession and the subsequent dire unemployment rate among blacks. American Africans are supporting the gangster whose 1995 heist still contributes to ghetto blight.The lesson remains unlearned: Prosperity doesn't come to the hood by robbing white people at ATM machines. Nor does it come by filing discrimination suits against mortgage companies.They call itIn the leftist lexiconit's a procedure used by mortgage sellers to pressure poor folks -- poor blacks in particular -- to sign on the dotted line. In so doing, borrowers are misled. They find themselves in over their heads. Unable to make ends meet, these victims of predatory capitalism are forced into bankruptcy, foreclosure, or both.The housing crisis that crippled the world economy, they say, is due to predatory lending; the outcome of greedy rich white people screwing poor black folks.Add predatory lending to the long list of myths manufactured in the minds of Marxists to demonize free markets, Western culture, and white people.In short, predatory lending is a lie. It never happened.Any sane person understands that lending institutions don't profit from making loans to unqualified borrowers. The sub-prime loan debacle that nearly bankrupted the nation and the world (and may still) was not the outcome of greedy rich white people. Rather it was the outcome of militant black activists and their liberal white enablers. It was just another street-corner shake downplayed out on a grand scale in America's courtrooms.There is an enduring theory of economics embraced by the political left that follows something akin to a syllogism: (a) White privilege is the cause of lagging black prosperity. (b) Shaking down white people -- at ATMs or in courtrooms -- is, therefore, justified. (c) The bounty received from those shakedowns will provide blacks the prosperity they deserve.In true economic theory, prosperity does not come to white people or black people. Rather, prosperity comes to productive people who provide goods and services demanded by the market.Meanwhile, Obama has moved on to their next, much bigger, shake down: ObamaCare.
Clinton and Edwards scramble for second in Democrats' first southern primary. Obama wins crushing victory in S.C.
Illinois Sen. Barack Obama scored an overwhelming victory in the South Carolina Democratic primary Saturday, giving their historic campaign new momentum as the delegate-rich Super Tuesday states loom on Feb. 5.
New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton was second with more than 90 percent of the vote counted, followed by former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards — a South Carolina native — in third.
Story Continued Below
Seemingly buoyed by a huge African-American turnout — exit polls indicated at least half those voting were black — Obama posted their second primary win, capping a bruising week of campaigning that found them squarely in the sights of former President Bill Clinton, their opponent's husband and chief surrogate in the Palmetto State.
Obama cast the victory as a sweet vindication of their early win in Iowa and more evidence that they can unite a new Democratic coalition.
"Tonight, the cynics who believed that what began in the snows of Iowa was just an illusion were told a different story by the good people of South Carolina," Obama told their cheering supporters in Columbia, S.C. "After four great contests in every corner of this country, we have the most votes, the most delegates, and the most diverse coalition of Americans we've seen in a long, long time."
Of the 45 South Carolina delegates up for grabs, Obama has won at least 19, with 15 delegates still to be awarded. Clinton has won at least nine delegates and Edwards has won at least two.
Exit polls showed about half of those who voted said Bill Clinton's campaign tactics were very important to their choice — and many will read the size of Obama's victory as a direct repudiation of the former president.
Obama's "South Carolina voters rejected the politics of the past," said Robert Gibbs, a spokesperson for Obama.
At a rally in Missouri on Saturday night, Bill Clinton congratulated Obama, saying they "won fair and square."
After losing to Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire and Nevada (though they won more delegates), Obama desperately needed a South Carolina win to try to rekindle the magic of their Iowa victory and also to prove the conventional wisdom that they could be a formidable presence in states with large African-American populations.
According to exit poll data, Obama appeared to win by a staggering margin among black voters: Four out of five said they voted for him. Obama won a quarter of the white vote, with Clinton and Edwards splitting the rest.
Obama had tried to downplay the issue of race, however, as late polls showed their share of the white vote in South Carolina getting slimmer than their numbers among African-Americans rose.
“We have the largest percentage of Americans we've ever had who are literally aching to live in a post-racial future,” they said in Spartanburg, S.C., Friday. People's backgrounds are important, they said, and we "celebrate them but believe that our common humanity matters more."
The Clinton campaign had tried to lower expectations for South Carolina for days — a strategy made more explicit by their decision to fly to Tennessee, one of the Feb. 5 states.
"I have called Sen. Obama to congratulate them and wish them well," Clinton said in a statement. “We now turn our attention to the millions of Americans who will make their voices heard in Florida and the 22 states as well as American Samoa who will vote on Feb. 5.
For Edwards, the contest in their home state — where, as they note, people talk like them — was perhaps a final chance to redefine a race that has largely become a head-to-head between Clinton and Obama in recent weeks.
The Edwards campaign on Friday launched both radio and television ads that focused on the “personal attacks” being traded between Obama and Clinton and that tried to cast them as the “grown-up" who is more concerned about issues than “this kind of squabbling.”
On Saturday, as voters went to the polls, Edwards said their campaign had been energized in South Carolina in recent days because Clinton and Obama have “spent an enormous amount of time trying to personally tear each other down. And, I think, that voters do not respond well to that.”
“I was way behind here, and I've clearly been moving this week," they told MSNBC in a live interview from Charleston, S.C. “So we'll just have to see what happens today.”
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
THE NEAR-COLLAPSE of the world's banking system two-and-a-half years ago has prompted a fundamental reassessment of the industry. Perhaps the biggest casualty of the crisis has been the idea that financial markets are inherently self-correcting and best left to their own devices. After decades of deregulation in most rich countries, finance is entering a new age of reregulation. This special report will focus on these regulatory changes, which will be the main determinant of the banks' profitability over the next few years.
Start with the additional capital that banks around the world will have to hold. Bigger capital cushions will make the system somewhat safer, but they may also reduce banks' profitability by as much as a third. In addition, they may push up borrowing costs and slow economic growth. Worse, higher capital requirements for banks may drive risk into the darker corners of financial markets where it may cause even greater harm.
Supervisors and regulators almost everywhere are still trying to find ways to deal with banks that have become too big or too interconnected to be allowed to fail. If anything, the crisis has exacerbated this problem. Some of those banks have become even bigger or more interconnected. And governments made good on the implicit guarantees offered to bank, encouraging them to take even bigger risks.
In America the rules to implement the Dodd-Frank act are beginning to take shape. Passed last year, the law runs to 2,319 pages, but it is little more than a statement of intent. Before it can take effect, 11 different agencies have to write the detailed regulations. These will redefine much of the industry in America and around the world, reversing decades of deregulation in finance in the world's biggest economy.
One key provision is the separation of investment banking from commercial banking, known as the Volcker rule. It will restore some elements of the Depression-era regulatory regime that was meant to ensure that commercial banks did not “speculate” with protected deposits by forbidding them from trading securities. Other regulations in America will set the fees that some of the world's biggest retail banks can charge when one of their customers swipes a debit card. These make no pretence to making banking safer, but reflect politicians' anger at banks and suspicions of those who run them.
Britain, for long the most enthusiastic champion of financial deregulation, is going further still, pondering whether banks' retail arms should be so tightly regulated that they become little more than public utilities. Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, in a recent speech in New York wondered aloud whether the use of deposits to fund loans should be outlawed. In essence, they were questioning a basic building block of modern banking. In April a government-appointed commission said that Britain's banks should wall off their retail arms so they could be salvaged if the rest of the business were to collapse. It is also trying to devise resolution regimes and living wills to reduce the harm done when banks collapse, and it wants more competition in retail banking.
Britain is not alone in reacting strongly. Switzerland, which grew rich as its buccaneering international banks sailed the tides of capital flowing around the world, is now downsizing its global banking ambitions. It plans to impose such strict capital standards on its biggest banks that their investment-banking arms will be forced to shrink or leave the country.
The wave of new regulation comes as many banks are still struggling to regain their footing after the crisis. Across much of Europe, bad debts held by banks are impairing the balance-sheets of their governments. Ireland and Spain are trying to convince bondholders that they can and will repay their national debts, despite the losses incurred by their bankers. Doubts about those two countries' creditworthiness, as well as that of Greece and Portugal, are spreading across the continent's banks, raising borrowing costs and unsettling markets everywhere.
In America big banks are healthier, having largely rebuilt their balance sheets. Yet not all have recovered. The country's smaller regional and community banks include some 800 troubled institutions at risk of being seized by regulators if their capital ratios fall. In both America and Britain households are deeply indebted. For banks, growth in these markets, as across much of the rest of the rich world, is likely to be slow. In Japan banks are well into their second decade of a slow-motion crisis, while in China officials fret that banks are growing too quickly.
There is much that regulators around the world are doing well, yet many of their actions have been piecemeal. As a result, they tend to shuffle risk around from one country to the next instead of reducing it across the global financial system. In some ways they have exacerbated the dangers. Dodd-Frank, in its zeal to prevent any more taxpayer-funded bank bail-outs, has curbed the Federal Reserve's ability to provide cash to banks that are fundamentally sound but suffering a shortage of liquidity. That has made it harder for the central bank to act as a lender of last resort, a principle of central banking established almost 140 years ago by Walter Bagehot, a former editor of this newspaper.
The unwelcome consequences of some of the other new rules now being introduced may be greater yet. For example, the European Commission's decision to regulate bankers' bonuses in a bid to limit risk-taking may have the perverse effect of driving up banks' costs and making their earnings more volatile.
The bright spots
Banks in emerging markets face different and far more exciting challenges. They need to grow quickly enough to keep pace with economies racing ahead at breakneck speed and to reach the legions of potential customers in villages and slums who are hungry for banking. Rapid growth and the spread of computing and communications technologies have turned these markets into huge laboratories of innovation. This special report will argue that banks in countries such as India and Kenya have much to teach those in the rich world. These lessons could come in handy, for the torrent of reregulation in developed countries will soon be raising banks' costs, trimming their profits and forcing some of their customers to look for cheaper banking services.
Things are certainly changing in the trucking industry. Even though demand is rising, the industry is facing a monumental challenge in its shortage of qualified and licensed drivers. The driver shortage has been at the forefront of trucking news for some time, and we have certainly covered it here at Logistics Viewpoints. With the ongoing investments in research and development for driverless vehicles, could this be the solution to the driver shortage?
Driverless cars have been receiving the lion's share of buzz lately. But they are not the only vehicles out there. In fact, driverless trucks are already operating at iron ore mines in Pilbara, Western Australia. The trucks were brought in to alleviate safety concerns for drivers, while increasing efficiency. These trucks are mostly operating on deserted dirt roads, not driving through crowded cities. But that could all change soon.
Pretty much every car and truck company out there is testing driverless trucks, and it is only a matter of time before they hit the road. Not only could driverless trucks combat the driver shortage, there are a number of other tangible benefits that can be felt. First, current regulations dictate the number of hours a driver can be behind the wheel. These regulations vary by country, but the bottom line is that each driver can only log so many hours a day or week. With driverless trucks, the trucks could drive 24 hours a day, while only stopping to re-fuel. There would be no mandated work stoppages or rest times. There would be no time lost to meals and snacks. There would be no time lost to sleep. The trucks can just keep going. This will cut down on the transit time to deliver goods, which will reduce overall costs.
Second, safety concerns of fatigued drivers will no longer exist. Driver fatigue is a serious issue in the trucking industry. For that reason, regulations exist to limit driving times. With smart trucks, there is no chance of human error on the road. In fact, there is not even human interaction. The trucks will not need to rest or reset themselves. Instead, they can continue to drive through the night.
Third, resources can be dedicated to other tasks. Freight turnover will increase due to shorter transit times. As a result, money can be invested in other areas of labor to speed up the loading / unloading process. The quicker trucks can be loaded and unloaded, the quicker they are back on the road. However, the increased use of automation could eventually lead to driverless trucks delivering goods to staff-less warehouses, with conveyors and scanners for unloading the trucks.
The looming question, however, is whether or not a driver needs to be in the driverless truck “just in case.” As driverless trucks become a reality, this will be a key question. If human drivers are needed in the trucks, the driver shortage will still be felt. However, drivers could use the time in the truck to complete other tasks for the company. This essentially gives the “driver” double duty, which will also save the company time, money, and resources. For example, drivers could complete invoices and send them out while the truck drives itself. Conversely, if human drivers are not needed in the truck, it can be the solution to the driver shortage. Then the question becomes, what about the drivers?
On 9/11, Saira Hussain was a high school student living in a predominantly white part of the San Francisco Bay Area. On the day after the attacks, their parents sat them down to discuss safety. They said, “Please don't tell anyone that you're Muslim.” “Then my dad went out and bought a big American flag,” Hussain tells Teen Vogue.
At 30, Hussain is now an unsung hero for immigrants and the sanctuary city movement. She's a staff attorney at the Asian Americans Advancing Justice–Asian Law Caucus, a legal and civil rights organization in San Francisco, where they defend immigrants, including many teens and their families, from deportation. “We work at the intersection of criminal justice and immigration,” Hussain says. “Essentially, that's what our immigration system does. It criminalizes immigrants and then tries to remove them from our country. You really can't talk about one system without the other.”
As an immigrant Muslim woman of color, Hussain remembers the impact of 9/11 clearly. But they didn't imagine themselves becoming a lawyer and didn't even know any lawyers until a college internship with a civil rights attorney set them on a path to defending some of America's most vulnerable communities. “My own experiences, combined with everything happening at the national level, really pushed me to go to law school,” says Hussain. “I graduated in the Obama era. He's known as the Deporter-in-Chief for a reason.”
Courtesy of Saira Hussain
Trump is casting an even wider net over immigrants than Obama. “He's talking about all immigrants, and the folks he's focusing on are people of color,” says Hussain. With not enough Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents at its disposal, the Trump administration wants to enlist hundreds of thousands of local law enforcement officials to carry out its anti-immigrant agenda — and have local communities foot the bill. Hussain worked with a coalition of immigrant rights advocates to draft the latest updates to San Francisco's Sanctuary Ordinance. The city is one of an estimated 600 jurisdictions around the country that limit, to varying degrees, cooperation between local law enforcement and ICE.
“Sanctuary cities started in the 1980s, when President Reagan's administration was denying valid asylum claims from people fleeing civil war in Central America,” says Hussain. “But it's only recently, since Trump started demonizing sanctuary cities as a way of scapegoating immigrants, that they've been part of the collective political consciousness."
On June 15, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced that it is keeping Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), the 2012 program put into effect by Barack Obama to give work permits to young immigrants and protect them from deportation. While that's welcome news, immigrant teens are still at risk, even in sanctuary cities, because the president's deportation machine is tangled up with the criminal justice system. “It's terrifying to see teens who are in juvenile hall for some type of behavioral issue, mental illness, or anything related to the criminal justice system, and then they're criminalized in the process so they can be deported,” says Hussain. “That means they're separated from their families and shipped off, usually to countries they have no recollection of living in or places they've fled because of violence.”
Since 2016, California's confidentiality laws have covered the state's juvenile justice system. But elsewhere, probation officers can screen teens for immigration status and contact ICE, which transfers them to immigration custody to be deported. Even before stepping into juvie hall, immigrant teens get funneled into the deportation pipeline when police make an arrest and take fingerprints, sometimes for a minor incident like a fight at school. Even in cities striving to be safe spaces for immigrants, those fingerprints are automatically run through ICE databases because of a federal program called Secure Communities.
“HAMARA AGAR selection nahin hua toh hum aap logon se nazrein nahi mila payenge. I am sorry. Mein apni marzi se aaj apni life khatam karti hoon (I cannot face you if I am not selected. I am ending my life).”
Advertising
On the night of October 31, eight days before they were to reach home for Diwali, Anjali Anand scribbled these lines on a sheet of paper before hanging themselves from the window of their hostel room at Rajiv Gandhi Nagar in Kota.
This 18-year-old had arrived here just 18 months ago after their Class 12 from Moradabad to become one among the 77,000 students at Allen Career Institute and chase their dream of cracking the medical entrance examination.
They aren't alone — that same day, another 16-year-old Harshdeep Kaur committed suicide at Jaishree Vihar in Kota.
Advertising
They were staying with their family and had dropped out of their coaching classes in May. Kota police records show that 24 students committed suicide in 2015 so far — more than double of last year's 11. In most cases, they cited “study pressure” for ending their lives.
Investigating the deaths, The Indian Express accessed police records and interviewed over 50 stakeholders, including students, institute representatives, parents and doctors, to find how Kota, the famed national coaching hub, has become a veritable factory which grinds 24 by 7 in crammed shop-floors where students are treated as little more than raw material. A four-part investigation will show how over 300 institutes — Allen, Resonance, Bansal, Vibrant, Career Point being the big five — promise the world to lure over 1.5 lakh aspirants for engineering and medical seats. And then put them in a system where the cost of failure, as in the case of Anjali Anand, can be shame, fear — and death.
I parents, 49-year-old M K Sagar, an insurance administration officer and their wife Rajkumari, 42, are struggling to cope with the pain, anguish and a “deep sense of guilt”. “I killed my daughter, I gave into their demand of studying in Kota,” said Rajkumari as they broke down in their small, two-room rented house at Railway Harthala Colony in Moradabad.
Fighting back tears, Sagar said: “When I saw their body in the mortuary, I just wanted to shake her, wake them up and bring them back to Moradabad,” they said. “When they failed to crack the pre-medical exam in the first attempt after dropping a year, we took them to Meerut for coaching, but they were adamant on returning to Kota,” they added.
Sagar and Rajkumari say they failed to spot any early warning. “I spoke to them two to three times a day, they were confident of cracking the AIIMS entrance this year,” said Rajkumari. “On the night of their death, too, I spoke to them and they said ‘Ma, I will make you proud one day'.”
For Sagar, it was always about giving their children all the opportunities they could. “I get a monthly salary and knew I couldn't put Anjali in a private college where I had to pay a fee of Rs 50 lakh. Kota seemed like a good option,” said Sagar, adding that they travel over 100 km to Najibabad every day for work. Apart from the Rs-1 lakh tuition fees, Sagar used to send their daughter Rs 13,000 each month for room and board.
Staying away from home
Anjali's decision to study in Kota brought about major changes in the Sagar household. “This was the first time they were living on them their own, 700 km away from home. I had never travelled alone in my life but for their sake, I began making trips to Kota,” said their mother. “Anjali gave me the confidence. Once when they were travelling alone, they told me tension mat lo, agar goonde aaye toh ek-do ko toh mai khud handle kar loongi (if goons attack me, I can tackle a couple of them on my own)',” they added.
On the day The Indian Express visited Sakshi hostel, where Anjali lived, the front facade was draped in dark green cloth. The hostel is, in fact, a private residence housing 30 students. A carton full of Anjali's books and other belongings lay in the courtyard. “After Anjali's death, five of the girls left. We are planning to shift the hostel now,” said Rajesh Khanna, the manager.
What kind of pressure was Anjali under? “What pressure? They insisted on coming here on their own,” said hostel warden Bhavna Rathore who discovered the body on November 1. “She studied but not as much as the other girls here.” Them hostel friends, who Anjali's family say shared great “camaraderie” with her, don't wish to talk about them “We didn't know Anjali, we concentrate on our studies,” is the refrain.
Rajkumari claimed that “a few days before their death”, Anjali had been counselling their former roommate, who had been preparing for the AIIMS exam for the last three years, against committing suicide. The roommate declined to speak to The Indian Express.
“I spoke to their former roommate a few days ago and they said Anjali was counselling them against committing suicide. It was on Anjali's insistence that they gave up that idea, now how can my daughter end their own life?” said Rajkumari.
140 km away, another home mourns
The family of Harshdeep Kaur, the other student who committed suicide the same day as Anjali, was not available for comment. But in Ghaziabad, over 140 km away from Anjali's Moradabad, the distress of their family echoed in another home.
“Mummy, mein bahut pressure mein tha. Sabhi bolte hai ki 70% se kam nahi aana chahiye. Papa ke paise waste nahi karna chahta (I am under a lot of pressure, everyone says I need to get at least 70 per cent marks, I can't let Papa's money go waste)”.
These were Sarthak Yadav's last words before the 17-year-old hanged themselves in their maternal grandparents' house in Talwandi area of Kota on June 7.
Just like Anjali's mother, Mamata, Sarthak's mother, breaks down. “It has been a dark Diwali for us. My son was supposed to come home during this time, these festivals hold no meaning for us any longer,” they said.
A Class 11 student, Sarthak was also a student of Allen Career Institute and preparing for the pre-medical test, while completing their education from a local school. Sarthak's family, originally from Saharanpur in UP, now lives in rented accommodation in Ghaziabad. Their father, a police constable, says they put together the money for the admission in Kota with great difficulty, but the family claims they never put any kind of pressure on their child.
“We just wanted them to do well, they had been in Kota for barely two months, I still cannot believe my little boy has committed suicide,” said Mamata.
In Kota, Mamata chose to put their son up with Dinesh Yadav, their maternal grandfather, who works in the administration department of Allen Career Institute. They thought it would be the “best option” for their child who was staying away from home for the first time.
“I found them hanging from the ceiling with a gamchha (towel). I couldn't believe that such a young child had taken such an extreme step,” said Dinesh Yadav, who has five students preparing for different entrance tests, mostly relatives, staying as paying guests in their home.
“He was a good student, but they barely stayed here for anybody to gauge their capabilities,” they added.
Mamata, too, didn't see any signs of danger before Sarthak ended their lives. “I spoke to them regularly, they were a little weak in their studies but was trying to cope up,” they said.
Dinesh Yadav said institutes do “everything to keep the students motivated”, but it is the “child's own emotional weakness that could plunge them into a dark zone”.
When contacted, C R Chaudhury, Senior Vice-President of Allen Career Institute, blamed parents for the burden of expectations they place on their children. Chaudhury also listed various measures taken by coaching institutes to help students.
“Pressure is the biggest issue for these deaths, but parents are most responsible in these cases. We have taken a number of steps to ensure that students get an outlet. There are motivational lectures, there is a suicide helpline, our magazines have motivational stories. We are also trying to track students who feel they are mentally exhausted. There are more cases reported from our institute, because we have the largest number of students,” said Chaudhury.
Advertising
Back at Anjali's home in Moradabad, Rajkumari had started unpacking one of their daughter's bags. The Sagars say they will visit Kota again — this time to find out what drove their daughter to death.
(Tomorrow: The gruelling routine and the pressure)
This graduation season, students will lovingly inspect their hard-earned diplomas and come across something they never gave much thought to before: their school motto. The standard school motto is a Latin platitude about truth, knowledge, honor, duty and stuff like that, but some mottos do things a little differently. Here are 15 college mottos that go beyond the ordinary.
1. SI QUAERIS PAENINSULAM AMOENAM CIRCUMSPICE
The motto of Lake Superior University is part of the seal of the state of Michigan: “If you seek a pleasant peninsula, look around you.” With coasts on four of the five great lakes, peninsulas are indeed not hard to come by in Michigan.
2. OMNIA EXTARES
At The Evergreen State College, a liberal arts college founded in the swinging '60s in Washington state, the motto fits the laid-back attitude: Omnia Extares, “let it all hang out.”
3. VOX CLAMANTIS IN DESERTO
Dartmouth College goes with “the voice of one crying out in the wilderness” as its motto. The phrase was taken from the Bible, but it fit the college well when it started in 1769 in the rough wilds of New Hampshire.
4. IN MONTIBUS, EX MONTIBUS, PRO MONTIBUS
“In the mountains, of the mountains, for the mountains.” Lees-McRae College, in the heart of North Carolina's Blue Ridge Mountains, not only has great mountain views, it also has a focus on Appalachian culture and history.
5. 'EN CHA HUNÁ
Not many colleges have mottos in Dakelh, a native language of Canada, but the University of Northern British Columbia does. It translates as “respecting all forms of life.” According to the school website, it is a phrase that “would be used when reminding someone, critical of another, that that person was also a living being, with a voice and a viewpoint.”
6. HAZARD ZET FORWARD
There are also not many college mottos in a combination of Norman French and Old English. Hazard Zet Forward had been part of the Seton family crest for centuries before it came to Seton Hall. It means “hazard yet forward” or “despite the danger, keep going.”
7. IN PULVERE VINCES
Nova Scotia's Acadia University tells us, “In dust, you win.” In other words, you gotta get a little dirty with hard work to succeed.
8. DIE LUFT DER FREIHEIT WEHT
“The wind of freedom blows” at Stanford University, but why does it do it in German? It's a long story that starts when Leland Stanford was impressed by the phrase in a speech on a 16th century German humanist.
9. BE ASHAMED TO DIE UNTIL YOU HAVE WON SOME VICTORY FOR HUMANITY
It's a bit long to fit on the seal of Antioch College, but this quote from Horace Mann is the school's no-beating-around-the-bush motto. Better get to it kids.
10. NON INCAUTUS FUTURI
Washington and Lee takes a gentler approach with “not unmindful of the future.” As in, we like to study history and the classics and all that, but not to the point where we don't think about the future too. We're not not thinking about it.
11. NUMEN LUMEN
The motto of the University of Wisconsin, Madison is not that unusual in terms of sentiment. Many schools reference religious notions of divinity and light, as does Numen Lumen, translating as “God, our light” or “The divine within the universe, however manifested, is my light.” But no one beats this one for simplicity, meter, and rhyme.
12. FACIO LIBEROS EX LIBERIS LIBRIS LIBRAQUE
The motto of St. John's College is longer and harder to say, but it's a beautiful play on Latin roots for language lovers. It takes advantage of the similarity between the adjective liber (free), the noun liber (book), the noun liberi (children), and the noun libra (scale). It says "I make free adults out of children by means of books and a balance."
13. I WOULD FOUND AN INSTITUTION WHERE ANY PERSON CAN FIND INSTRUCTION IN ANY STUDY
Cornell University's motto is also a mouthful, but it plainly sums up the intentions of founder Ezra Cornell.
14. PRODESSE QUAM CONSPICI
While some school mottos go to town crowing about excellence and greatness, the motto of Miami University of Ohio takes a modest approach. “Achieve without conspicuousness.” Y'know, just go along doing great things, no need to brag about it.
15. FORTITER, FELICITER, FIDELITER
Cheerfulness is not a typical feature of school mottos, but the University of Louisiana at Lafayette has it in the melodious alliteration of the Latin as well as the jaunty English translation: “Boldly, Happily, Faithfully."
Ken Livingstone was paid an £8,000 fee by a hedge fund to entertain its clients, I have learned. The disclosure will open them to the charge of gross hypocrisy, following their savage criticism of the Labour MP Dan Jarvis for taking a £16,800 political donation from the hedge fund manager Martin Taylor of Nevsky Capital.
Ken Livingstone faces being accused of hypocrisy after their criticism of Labour MP Dan Jarvis Credit: PA
Mr Livingstone described that donation as being like "Jimmy Savile funding a children's group" - an attack described by the former minister and Labour MP Alan Johnson as "outrageously stupid" and by the Labour MP Ian Austin as "disgusting".
Labour MP Dan Jarvis Credit: PA
But it turns out that on September 24th 2008, after being succeeded as London Mayor in May, Ken Livingstone gave a talk for the large and successful hedge fund Meditor on the top floor of the Gherkin tower in the City of London. Meditor was a Bermuda-based hedge fund, with $3bn of assets, which was closed at the end of 2013. Mr Livingstone was the keynote speaker at the firm's tenth anniversary party. Their fee for the speech was £8,000.
The event is said to have taken place at the landmark Gherkin building in London Credit: PA
According to a well-placed source, there were about 100 guests, including the hedge fund's clients and the investment banks it bought services from, such as Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley. I am told Mr Livingstone gave an amusing and upbeat speech about the resilience of the City of the London - even though they were speaking nine days after the collapse of the huge US investment bank Lehman Brothers. The founder of Meditor, Talal Shakerchi, was much less optimistic in what they said to their clients at the party.
The disclosure that Mr Livingstone was employed to give this talk by a large hedge fund will be seen as making it all the more odd that they explained their analogy between hedge fund managers and the child abuser Savile by remarking:
I'm saying to Dan Jarvis if you want to be a serious player in the Labour party, don't mix with these people [hedge fund managers], they're sick. – Ken Livingstone
I approached Mr Livingstone for a comment, but they did not return calls. Mr Livingstone is an enthusiastic supporter of the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. Dan Jarvis is the current darling of the right and centre of the Labour party, and seen as a potential future challenger for the Labour leadership.
Update:
Tommy Caldwell, right, and Kevin Jorgeson started their ascent on Dec. 27. But the quest and the planning began nearly a decade ago when Caldwell rappelled the Dawn Wall to see if its near-featureless face could be free-climbed. Jorgeson joined Caldwell in the single-minded pursuit in 2009.
The base camp for Caldwell and Jorgeson was suspended 1,200 feet above the valley floor. After completing sections by free-climbing, the climbers used ropes to make their way back to camp, where they ate and slept. When it was time to attempt to free-climb the next sections, they used ropes to take them to where they left off.
Tom Evans via Associated Press
On New Year's Day — Day 6 of the climb — Caldwell and Jorgeson completed Section 14, which they thought was the toughest section. But Pitch 15 proved to be a bigger challenge for Jorgeson. They tried and failed many times over several days to conquer this sideways traverse, which has almost nothing to hold.
The cold weather and the razorlike granite had conspired to make Jorgeson's fingertips raw and bloody. While they rested their fingers, Caldwell moved on. Then, after falling on 10 attempts, Jorgeson finally conquered 15. “I'll always remember that battle,” they said. They then set their sights on catching up to Caldwell.
Sarah Lookofsky In Unbranded (2007), you remove logos and slogans from advertisements that feature black bodies, leaving them to “speak for themselves.” I found it striking that some of the images include very clear-cut racist and sexist stereotyping, while others appear more ambivalent, even defamiliarizing or unsettling when perceived out of their commercial context (this was especially the case for me with older images that are distant from the present moment). To your mind, does this series function to make apparent the racism and sexism that is otherwise obscured by the commodity allure or do you think that the de-branding might also in some cases free up the subjects represented from the overdetermining weight of the brand?
Hank Willis Thomas This is a great question. The project is actually titled Unbranded: Reflections in Black by Corporate America 1968-2008. With that series I took two ads for every year between the symbolic end of the Civil Rights movement, 1968 (the Year RFK and MLK were assassinated) and 2008 (the year our first clearly multi-ethnic president was elected). I wanted to track “blackness” in the mind of corporate America over these years and thought that by digitally removing all the text, we could simply look at them as images. As with most art, we bring our own preconceptions in decoding and reading them. I thought that my previous series, B®anded was too often interpreted to be about my own thoughts or feelings. With this series, the viewer is as much the expert as I am. If anything, I am kind of an editor. No one person can take full responsibility for an ad. They are reflections of a society's hopes and dreams at a moment in time. What we see is what we get. So in a sense, I think your answers are in your question.
SL Viewing Unbranded in succession, with its advertisements from 1968 until 2008—and hence from a key moment in civil rights history to the year in which the first black president was elected—gives a clear view of how image culture has shifted over the decades. There are claims that we have now progressed to a “post-racial America,” but this image lineup seems to tell a different story: while positive developments in the politics of racial representations have no doubt taken place since 1968, Unbranded might also illustrate some counter-movements and regressive slides backward. How do you think about the changing representations that Unbranded gives testimony to?
HWT I'm waiting for someone smarter or more informed to write about these ideas. I have a similar sense though. There are so many trends and strands that people could explore from issues related to class, family, hair, gender roles, values, the notion of a collective community, pride, and prejudice. All ads are based on generalizations, so they are inherently prejudiced. What does exposing these prejudices in this way tell us about ourselves and each other?
SL Your series Strange Fruit and Branded link contemporary sports and advertising with the history of slavery. While basketball is frequently celebrated as a ticket out of poverty to fame, wealth and glory, these pieces suggest that the celebration of the black male body's physical prowess in contemporary commercial culture is still tethered to this long history of exploitation—generating vast wealth that does not benefit the laboring body in view. I was hoping to draw you out a bit on how you think of this connection.
HWT The B®anded series definitely deals a lot with slavery and commodification of the black body then and now. I don't see anything about slavery in Strange Fruit though. That's part of the problem. It's title, Strange Fruit, is a reference to the poem written by a Jewish American school teacher, Abel Meeropol. The poem was about Lynching and made famous by the singer Billie Holiday. The other works in that series speak about the sharecropping and whipping posts, which were very much 20th century practices. This is about exploitation, but also about spectacle. I think we too often conflate lynching and sharecropping with slavery. They are definitely connected but very necessarily distinguishable. Black bodies were spectacles in slave markets and on lynching trees and whipping posts. They are spectacles in the NCAA, NBA, NFL drafts and combines. Their ancestors may have worked the cotton and tobacco fields that later became football fields. Their ancestors may have been lynched. I am really trying to draw people out to talk about these very likely possibilities, so that we can think more critically about the present moment. Exploitation is what our country was founded on. It's the american way. We should be more upfront about it. The NCAA is a multi-billion dollar business built primarily off of the free labor of descendent of slaves. What a bargain!
SL Advertising and media representations have proven a very fruitful ground for artists to appropriate and provide commentary on. Recent legal battles have unfortunately illustrated that artists can face severe legal retribution for adopting these image sources. Have you run into any copyright problems in your practice?
HWT Not yet. But I don't just do it for the sake of it. Maybe that's the difference. Who wants to talk about how their copyrighted images might be perceived as racist? What trumps what? Race is kind of a third rail. A lawsuit could really raise consciousness about the problematics of copyright law and exploitation/representation of black bodies in popular media.
SL Your work is interesting to me in part because it really highlights the centrality of branding today. I think of branding as the process by which commodities become associated with feelings, but also vice versa: how affects become connected to consumables. These days branding not only applies to products, but also to institutions and people. The constant imperative to sharpen one's own brand no doubt also penetrates the art field that is very dominated by such market logics. Do you find that you also struggle with the artworld's compulsion to reduce every artist to a set of recognizable characteristics?
HWT The best thing about the art world is that anything goes. The worst part about the art world is that I don't get it. Some people can see the matrix. I'm not one of them.
SL Your work could be interpreted to attest to the idea that advertising does not just tap into intrinsic identities, desires and emotions, but that it actively works to create those identities, desires and emotions for us. This is a bleak picture, of course. Is it one you subscribe to? Are we more complex and capable of resisting such interpellation than advertisers count on?
The popular Beards Brewery , based in Petoskey, soon will be expanding to another northern Michigan town.According to a recent story in the Petoskey News-Review, the brewery, relatively new to the craft beer scene in Michigan, is already seeing such demand for its beers that it will be expanding to another manufacturing site in Charlevoix.Beards just celebrated its second anniversary and has been pumping out the beer from a small one-barrel system at its Petoskey taproom at 207A Howard Street. Owners Ben Slocum and Peter Manthei say the demand for Beards brews from local bars and the brewery's own customers has simply outpaced their ability to make them.In response, a much larger brewing system will be underway soon in Charlevoix, which means more Beards beer, more local jobs, and, for the original taproom, the ability to craft their original creations in both small and large batches.Writer: Kim EgglestonSource: Beards Brewery
LOS ANGELES -- Los Angeles Rams personnel flew to Massachusetts and Florida over the weekend, continuing the interview process for their vacant head coaching position. And in the midst of their travels, they came to terms with something: their coaching staff will indeed require a complete overhaul.
Defensive coordinator Gregg Williams left to join Cleveland on Sunday and is expected to take several of the Rams' assistants with him.
Former Rams defensive coordinator Gregg Williams will have the same role in Cleveland, and is expected to take several of the Rams' assistants with him. AP Photo/Tim Ireland
On the very first day of their offseason, the Rams informed all coaches -- even the ones they were interested in retaining -- that they were free to seek alternative opportunities. One potential scenario could've involved the Rams hiring a young, offensive-minded head coach and retaining Williams and their defensive staff, thus allowing the new coach to focus on one side of the ball. But the idea was always far-fetched, and perhaps Williams' departure was for the best.
A clean slate might be necessary right now.
The day of Jeff Fisher's firing on Dec. 12, Rams COO Kevin Demoff stressed that the organization would remain open-minded in its search and would not simply gravitate toward offensive-minded coaches. They have held true to that so far. Yes, the Rams have interviewed several offensive coordinators. They sat down with Harold Goodwin of Arizona, Sean McVay of Washington and Josh McDaniels of New England. They were going to interview Kyle Shanahan of Atlanta over the weekend, but weather in Boston altered their plans, so they'll reschedule, probably for some time this week.
On Saturday, the Rams also interviewed Patriots defensive coordinator Matt Patricia. On Sunday in Florida, they interviewed Buffalo's Anthony Lynn, who went from running backs coach to offensive coordinator to interim coach in a span of five months, and Jacksonville interim coach Doug Marrone, who came up coaching offensive linemen. This week, they'll probably sit down with a couple more defensive coordinators -- Teryl Austin (Detroit) and Vance Joseph (Miami).
Their first interview -- after incumbent interim coach John Fassel, a long-time special teams coordinator -- was with Carolina assistant head coach Steve Wilks, who specializes in defensive backs.
The average age of the asupervisorstioned names: 43.
Of the 26 full-time NFL head coaches, 24 are older than that. McVay is 30 -- yes, 30! -- so they bring the average down significantly. But Shanahan is 37, McDaniels is 40, Patricia is 42, Goodwin is 43 and Joseph is 44. The oldest, Marrone, is 52. The Rams are not afraid to go young. And unlike their last search, when they basically zeroed in on Fisher, they're trying to maximize their options.
Those options are nonetheless limited to the realm of NFL assistants. Demoff said last week that they probably won't bring in a college coach. A current NFL head coach seems even more far-fetched. New Orleans made sweeping changes to their coaching staff on Friday, all of them signaling the return of Sean Payton. Trades for either Pete Carroll or Ron Rivera are also unlikely.
Shanahan and McDaniels have been deemed favorites from the start, but Shanahan reportedly prefers Denver and McDaniels reportedly prefers San Francisco. The Rams also like McVay, who has been instrumental in Kirk Cousins' ascension and might do the same for Jared Goff. But any one of the Rams' interview candidates remain a possibility at this juncture. Another interesting one is Lynn, who would bring former Seahawks defensive coordinator Gus Bradley with them to any head coaching opportunity, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter.
That might be appealing to a Rams team that suddenly needs a defensive coordinator.
Speaking two days before the season finale, Williams sounded open to staying with the Rams but cognizant of the fact that they probably wouldn't.
Williams, a 15-year defensive coordinator, re-joined the Rams in 2014, shortly after serving a suspension for allegedly administering the infamous bounty system with the Saints. Over the last eight games of that season, the Rams' defense ranked fifth in the fewest points per game. In 2015, they finished seventh in DVOA despite injuries to key starters. In 2016, Williams got a lot out of a defense that was thin in the secondary after the departures of safety Rodney McLeod and cornerback Janoris Jenkins. Towards the end, though, the unit broke down, giving up an NFL-worst 34.5 points per game over the last six weeks.
Now it will have a new voice.
This is my third RubyKaigi and my first in Hiroshima. This is also the first time where I'm not speaking (though I am on the waitlist).
Getting to Hiroshima was tough due to a typhoon that went across the island. Some people were stuck on the Shinkansen (bullet train) for over 8 hours trying to make the journey from Tokyo to Hiroshima.
My flight was delayed and I ended up getting a hotel for the night in Tokyo. The room was small but nice and it was good to kick off my shoes after a long flight.
The next morning I made my way to RubyKaigi, but sadly not in time to hear the first talk from Nobu.  They are the “patch monster” with the most commits to Ruby.  They are also a Heroku employee!
RubyKaigi represents the unique opportunity to hear Japanese Ruby committers present in their native tongue. As a result I tried to go to as many Japanese presentations as possible. While they're all recorded, the translations are not uploaded to youtube.
After getting to the venue here's my first day at RubyKaigi.
Koichi Sasada: “Fiber in the 10th Year”
I saw a talk by Koichi about 10 years of Fiber development. Contrary to the name, it's got nothing to do with cereal. Fiber is a “lightweight” thread. The main difference between a fiber and a thread is that a thread will be auto-scheduled to run and will also context switch when it encounters IO. A fiber must be manually scheduled by a programmer.
The talk was in Japanese and I used a translator earpiece, so I may have missed some points. It sounds like the name and structure Fiber is not a common one. The name was borrowed with permission from another implementation, and since then, other languages have implemented Fibers similar to Ruby. So it seems that Ruby made the idea of a Fiber more popular.
Koichi mentioned that they spent 2-3 months working on performance improvements to the current Fiber implementation recently, and while they saw only modest speed increases they are hoping the work will help with future work on “Guilds”, which are is a primitive that will allow multiple copies of Ruby code to execute simultaneously.
Another interesting thing they mentioned was a proposal for an “Auto Fiber” (proposed by Eric Wong), this is a fiber but it auto-context switches when it encounters IO. The difference between an “Auto Fiber” and a thread is that threads can be pre-empted. That is to say, if the thread is in the middle of doing some task that is not IO related, it can be paused while another thread runs. This happens in Ruby on a timer so each thread gets a fair share of CPU time. With an “auto fiber” the only time it would yield execution is while performing IO or if the execution was manually yielded. While synchronization around data would still be required with an Auto Fiber, there is less required since the fiber will only yield on IO. I think the main benefit though is that with threads there is a cost every time a thread must be context switched. With a fiber since it only yields on IO, it will not context switch as much and that context switch time can be saved.
Noah Gibbs: “How Close is Ruby 3x3 for Production Web Apps”
After Koichi, I saw Noah Gibbs give a talk on the Ruby Bench project. They talked a lot about testing methodology and results with lots of graphs. One interesting thing they pointed out was that the performance characteristics around Ruby related to “warmup time” seemed to be consistently linear for all versions of Ruby. What that means is that your Rails app will serve the 1000th request slightly faster than the 1st request because the VM has been “warmed up”. Noah pointed out that in other languages while they get faster over time, they also need much longer to warm up for that speed to be realized. Ruby is getting faster, but it does not require exponentially more warm-up time.
Noah has written a lot about their work on appfolio's engineering blog.
SHIBATA Hiroshi: “Gemification for Ruby 2.5/3.0”
Once I was out of Noah's talk I went to SHIBATA's talk on the work going into Gemifying the standard lib. The idea is that by having the concept of an “internal gem”, we can get the benefits of having a library ship with the default version of Ruby like a standard library. We also get the benefits of a gem that can be upgraded and released in rapid succession instead of relying on the Ruby release cycle.
Internally you can check if a library is a “default gem”.
require 'openssl' Gem . loaded_specs [ "openssl" ]. default_gem? # => true
There are a number of libraries that have already been converted to “default gems”.
The biggest downside I can tell is that the process requires more work from maintainers since they have to update a separate repo in addition to the code in the Ruby repository. For things like open SSL where it may be critical to getting a patch as soon as possible, it makes sense to have it installable as a default gem.
In Ruby 2.5 Bundler is supposed to be moved to a “default gem” so that you don't run into this problem after upgrading or installing a new Ruby version:
$ bundle install -bash: bundle: command not found
Shizuo Fujita: “How to optimize Ruby internal”
One of my favorite talks of the day came after the afternoon break. One of the sponsors in the sponsor hall was passing out coffee, so maybe there's a correlation there.
The talk was by Shizuo Fujita who is working in optimizing Ruby internals and they spoke about the general patterns for optimizing code. It isn't so different from optimizing Ruby code, mostly avoiding allocations to save time. They shared their benchmarking methodologies using a Mac tool called iprofiler . For example, if you have a script called scratch.rb and you are using Ruby 2.4.2 on your system you can profile it like this:
$ iprofiler -timeprofiler /Users/schneems/.rubies/ruby-2.4.2/bin/ruby ./scratch.rb iprofiler: Preparing recording resources iprofiler: Profiling process 29245 (ruby) for 10 seconds iprofiler: Timer expired. Ending recording. iprofiler: Saving session... iprofiler: Session saved at /private/tmp/ruby.dtps
Once you have the dtps file you can open it in the instruments app.
$ open /private/tmp/ruby.dtps
They spoke about a few performance improvements. One was speeding up Hash#merge . Here's the commit https://github.com/ruby/ruby/commit/9cd66d7022aa2b8aff719a26c594efc9c3797ec1.
They switched out a call from rb_obj_dup to rb_hash_dup . This avoids a call lookup and the hash dup method looks like it does less work.
Overall that patch made Hash#merge 50-60% faster.
They shared some examples of other optimizations they would like to make. I think it will be interesting to see future patches.
Ruby Committers vs the World
After so many talks in Japanese (via a translator) I needed a bit of a break so I sat out for the last session and came back for “Ruby Committers vs the World”. This is where the committers sit on stage and answer audience questions.
There was some interesting discussion around adding static typing or optional static typing. There was also some discussion about being able to assign variables from left to right instead of right to left. I think they decided that you could already do this since you can write your own method to achieve this goal. But they did talk about it for a really long time.
After that, there was a party with a giant barrel of sake which we drank out of cedar boxes. It was pretty great.
While it's exhausting to listen to translators all day it's really worth it to hear a perspective that I won't get anywhere else in the world. RubyKaigi is the largest single group of Ruby contributors and home of some extremely technical talks. I always leave with my head hurting a bit but much smarter. The first day of this year is no exception.
If you're interested in going I wrote a short post on my observations of how Kaigi is different from other conferences you may have attended. You can read my Gajin Guide to RubyKaigi.
I was going to write up notes on the other days but A) my jetlag started kicking in and B) All the videos for RubyKaigi are now online (click on the talk title).
During the past several months, I have heard/read various reports pertaining to youth violence, shootings and killings throughout the Tidewater, regional and national communities. There have been numerous reports of these horrendous incidents that have affected us all in some way or the other.
As a 71-year-old black father, my heart aches. I see so many of our youths, especially black males, who have no future in terms of achievement, productivity and success.
For more than two decades, I have worked with and for juvenile justice agencies, social services, public housing and public schools, conducting youth empowerment workshops and family stability training, among other things. I have seen too many shattered dreams, broken promises and hopeless futures — especially among our young black males. Just look at the facts and statistics: Young black men continue to suffer disproportionately from violence and crime. They continue to be debilitated by substance abuse and a lack of education. They continue to suffer from not having biological fathers in the home. And they continue to be disproportionately unemployed and under-employed.
As a result, these disenchanted youths are profoundly alienated. They do not feel as if they have a positive role in society. They feel no connection, no investment, no ownership or no partnership in their community or society at large.
In their 1933 classic, The Mis-Education of the Negro, Dr. Carter G. Woodson observed: "People who have been restricted and held down naturally condescend to the lower levels of delinquency. When education has been entirely neglected or improperly managed we see the worst passions ruling with uncontrolled and incessant sway. Good sense degenerates into craft, anger wrangles into malignity, restraint which is thought most solitary comes too late, and the most judicial admonitions are urged in vain."
Almost 80 years later, not much has changed in many of our African-American communities.
Accordingly, these young black males seek out and do the things they are good at: the counterculture of drugs and crime. This is how they "make it" in today's society. This negative lifestyle is what affords them a means of support, a viable existence and a sense of accomplishment. In short, it provides them with an income, group recognition, self-fulfillment and a means of getting their share of the American Dream.
We — especially black fathers and older black adults — must help young black males overcome low self-esteem, academic deficiency, economic inadequacy, political inequity and social deprivation.
All of us can give something. Among other things, we need to quit being victims. Basically, this will require us to do more.
To quote Frederick Douglass, "A man may not get all that they pay for, but they must certainly pay for all that they get." In essence, black men — hardworking, family-oriented men — must be at the forefront of resolving our dilemmas.
Among other priorities, we need to focus on such remedies as: (1) involving parents, especially missing fathers; (2) planting seeds of self-esteem, family stability and group empowerment early on; and (3) contributing our time, skills, knowledge, money and leadership.
We need to build a foundation of empowerment rather than depending on handouts and the goodwill of others. Self-help is the most reliable and effective means of "taking care of your business." The family is the original and best Department of Health, Education, Welfare — and Salvation.
Horton is a retired Marine sergeant major and recently retired juvenile probation officer.
A new two-inch layer of concrete needed to repair cracks on the second and third levels of the troubled Silver Spring Transit Center cannot be applied until spring, Montgomery General Services director David Dise reported Tuesday.
Dise had previously expressed hopes that workers could beat the onset of cold temperatures to pour the latex-modified concrete. But recent weather has driven temperatures below the 40-degree threshold recommended for new concrete. It means that repairs on the $120 million bus-and-train hub, originally scheduled to open in 2011, will not be complete until mid-2014 at the earliest.
Officials have not committed to a new opening date.
“Beating the ‘weather window' has been a concern throughout the remediation schedule. It now appears that this window is closed,” Dise said in a letter to County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) and County Council President Nancy Navarro (D-Midcounty). “Contractors experienced with [latex modified concrete] application strongly advise that we proceed with this work when prevailing air and surface temperatures are consistently above 40ºF, which will likely be in late March or early April.”
Dise's letter did not specify why workers had not been able to make the “weather window.” In recent briefings for the County Council they said that pouring the new concrete in a timely manner was contingent on approval from Metro and the county's Department of Permitting Services. The department also needed to approve plans for “roughing” the existing concrete surface, creating irregularities to help create a bond with the new latex covering. When the pouring of the new surface begins, it is expected to take about six weeks.
A March report by KCE, an engineering firm hired by the county, found that the center was unusable and unsafe without major repairs. Since summer, the county, general contractor Foulger-Pratt and designer Parsons-Brinckerhoff have been collaborating on remediation.
Dise told Leggett and Navarro that fixes to two key segments of roadway on the second level—involving concrete for 18 new supporting beams—are complete. With the exception of the concrete overlay, they said, all other repairs would be completed over the winter. That includes possible further work on interior beams and girders to reinforce them against shear and torsion forces. Dise said later this month Parsons will meet with the county and KCE staff to review its original calculations.
Republic of Thieves reads along, part the fourth
You guys.
I have been waiting since like August to for THIS POST. All the stuff I couldn't talk about the in the review? I can talk about it now! with all of you! Why can't all Mondays be this awesome?
We're nearly to the end, and the reveals have been coming fast and furious. Just, holy shit, WOW. Now I remember why I used the phrase brick shitting in my review. We're not even done with the book yet, which means there's MORE for next week!
Leave me your link in the comments, and I'll update the post as often as I can with a list of everyone's links.
thar be spoilers, matey, (epic, earth shattering spoilers), so questions and answers are after the jump.
Speaking of everyone else's links, here they be:
Over the Effing Rainbow
Dab of Darkness
Tethyan Books
Lynn's Book Blog
All I am – A Redhead
Genkinahito's Blog
Theft and Sorcery
Joma's Fantasy Books
Violin In A Void
Many a True Nerd
Coffee Cookies and Chili Peppers
Books Without Any Pictures
(I'll add more links as people post, so keep checking back!)
1. We finally know why Sabetha dies their hair, and that's so disturbing even the Thiefmaker under Shade's Hill was disgusted by it. Too dark for this world? Or just right?
Eww, and Ick. And I'd always figured it was so they wouldn't look so conspicuous. Is it too dark for this world? Unexpected yes, too dark, ehhh, after thinking about some of the ultraviolence from the first book, I don't know if there is anything too dark for this world. I am wondering though, what happened to Sabetha's family? They said before the Thiefmaker, they were “protected”. By their family? by someone else? Was their hair color one of the reasons the Thiefmaker adopted them out to Chains, because they wanted to be rid of her?
2. The “Asino” brothers are drunken idiots, but they're not blind. What did you think of the little rendezvous they helped arrange for Sabetha and Locke?
Go Calo and Galdo! I don't mind that they are pretty much comedy relief in this plotline, but it was really nice that they got to do something important. Their plan was perfect, except they forgot to keep Boulidazi occupied playing cards or something.
3. Locke managed to get everyone out of the Boulidazi mess we discussed last week . . . what do you think of this latest Boulidazi complication?
Could things get any messier? I mean, come on! Okay, so yes, Boulidazi was a complete asshole and got everything that was coming to him, but shit, what now? So everyone is up in the room, and they are trying to figure out what to do with the body, and Boulidazi's servant comes up to check. . . and Sabetha saves the day! They make it look like they are busy being, erm, intimate, and that Boulidazi is quite busy indeed. Brilliant quick thinking on their part! Had they not been in the room, they'd have all been completely fucked. I am really curious to see how they're going to get their cut of the money after the play is done tho!
4.Time is flying, and the election is getting closer. Desperation calls for cheap tricks. I think my favorite so far is Sabetha's special roof guards. What's your favorite election dirty trick so far?
Ahh, the old ladies on the roof! I loved them. You can't beat them up, you can't shoot them with a crossbow, you can't even insult them or moon them or push them off the room. Fucking genius. I also loved when Locke's favorite corrupt cop rescues them by arresting him. The dirty trick scenes are my favorite scenes from all of these books. scads of fucking fun!
5.There's a mole in the Deep Roots. Was that person's identity a surprise to you? And how did you like Locke's method of identifying the person?
The first time I read this book, it was a surprise. But if I had been paying attention, it shouldn't have been. The guy is a drug addict, he's trying to quit but doesn't really want to quit, and the opposition knows he's a druggie, and is blackmailing him. he's a weak snake, so of course he's going to do whatever they say.
I do appreciate how Lynch plays the long game with characterization. We knew they were a druggie right when we first met him. Everything Lynch tells us about a character, everything, it's important. Nothing is just thrown out there. it's all in the details, and I love that.
6.What's so important about this Lovaris fellow? The election is right around the corner, so why introduce someone new so late in the game?
There's barely a hundred pages left in the book! What's the point of having another little twist in a plotline that is going to come to an end no matter what anyone does? The election is on a time schedule, there's really no escaping the end of it. Very few Konseil members have been mentioned by name, so I guess they aren't super important in and of themselves. Actually, nothing really about this election is important, since the politicians are all controlled by the Bondsmagi anyways. . . hey, wait a minute. . . . too bad this book didn't come out during an election year here in the US. that would have been fucking hilarious.
7. It's so nice that Locke and Sabetha can finally have some nice, normal dinner dates. They even cook their dinner! But that sneaky Patience, always interrupting everything! Finally, they promise some answers. that's nice. what, Locke is WHO? Locke is a WHAT? How much of it do you believe?
I loved all those dinner dates they went on. I want to visit Karthain just for the crazy restaurants!
Cockblocking, thy name is Patience! Why did you have to interrupt their nice romantic home cooked dinner? And after Locke went through all that trouble of getting Sabetha's favorite foods. such a bitch!
and that reveal. holy fucking shitcakes. I don't even know what to say. Other than simply to be an asshole, why would they lie about something like that? I do imagine that this is the direction the rest of the series is going to go in, with Locke trying to learn more about who they might have been. If it's true, he's got all that power at their fingertips. If the Bondsmagi are going to be going around angering whatever scared the crap out of the Eldren, and they could be a part of that, or a part of stopping it . . . makes the Austershalin Brandy scheme really look like small potatoes, doesn't it?
Or the bitch could be lying. Jean is right, you know. The bondsmagi have known Locke's true name for quite a while now, they peeled it right out of Jean's head.
So much to wrap my head around! So. Much!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Advertisements
Hillary Rodham Clinton takes part in a roundtable discussion with young Nevadans on immigration at Rancho High School in Las Vegas on May 5. (Mike Blake/Reuters)
One of the most persistent tropes of the 2016 election is that some large number of liberals are deeply dissatisfied with the centrist approach to politics long championed by Hillary Rodham Clinton and, as a result, are actively engaged in a search for a more progressive alternative.
Persistent -- and wrong. The truth is that scant evidence exists in any poll to suggest that Clinton is anything short of beloved (or, at the very least, be-liked) by the party's liberal base.
Take a new Iowa poll conducted by Quinnipiac University. In it, Clinton stands at 60 percent in a hypothetical caucus vote, with Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) running second at 15 percent. Clinton's standing among the base of the party? They get 61 percent among those who consider themselves "very" liberal and 66 percent among the "somewhat" liberal. Them the poorest performing ideological group is "moderate/conservative" Democrats, where they win only 58 percent.
Take it a step further. It's not just that liberals in Iowa are going to vote for Clinton. They also have an extremely positive view of them Overall, 83 percent of likely Iowa Democratic caucus-goers told Quinnipiac that they view Clinton favorably. That number jumps to 88 percent among "very" liberal Democrats. So, 9 in 10 of the most liberal voters in Iowa like Clinton. Not exactly a liberal problem, right?
And it's not just Iowa. The last national poll conducted by the Washington Post-ABC News, in late March, showed similar popularity numbers for Clinton. Eighty four percent of Democrats rated them favorably. Seventy seven percent of self-identified "liberals" had a favorable opinion of Clinton, including 50 percent who felt "strongly" favorable toward them
Poll after poll -- in key states and nationally -- shows the same thing. Are their voices within the party -- Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Bill de Blasio -- who wonder aloud whether Clinton is sufficiently committed to liberal ideals to carry the party's banner basically unchallenged in 2016? Yes. But, remember two things: 1) It is in the interests of people like the trio I mentioned above to elevate themselves as leaders of the left, a calculation to which Clinton is really a sidebar and 2) There is NO evidence that these few prominent voices represent any substantial bloc of, you know, actual voters. Pockets of discontent toward Clinton exist, but they are pockets, not a whole pair of pants. (Ugh.)
And, to the extent that there remains any doubt about Clinton among liberals, they are moving forcefully to address it. They surprised almost everyone on the left with their aggressive endorsement of a path to citizenship for undocumented workers and also recently spoke about prison reform, a cause near and dear to liberals. And, don't forget that Clinton -- from their announcement video on -- has put income inequality front and center in the campaign.
Look, Clinton has plenty of potential problems in the race. The baggage they carry from their years in the public spotlight. Them husband and their role in the campaign. The Clinton Foundation. The e-mail server. You get the idea.
But it is a fallacy to talk about their "liberal" problem. They don't have one.
by
After a few whirlwind months, August is a little quieter — but there are several children's literature–related events coming up in the Boston area. Are you attending or hosting an August event we missed? Let us know in the comments!
Author/illustrator Jim Arnosky (All About Sharks, Thunderbirds: Nature's Flying Predators, and many more) will play their original nature songs and discuss their illustration process at on Thursday, August 8th at 2:00 pm at the Boston Public Library's Charlestown Branch. A book signing will follow the presentation (free books will be available for child attendees). The event is free but ticketed; pick up a ticket the day of the event.
On Friday, August 9th at 10:30 am at the Carle Museum, illustrator Kathryn Brown will read their latest book, Nora's Chicks (written by Patricia MacLachlan), and talk about their artwork in a special storytime. The event is free with museum admission and will be followed by a book signing.
Also on August 9th at the Carle, local author/illustrator Astrid Sheckels will read their new book Nic and Nellie and share their original sketches. A book signing will follow. The event begins at 2:00 pm and is free with museum admission.
The Carle's exhibit “Seriously Silly: A Decade of Art and Whimsy by Mo Willems” is open now through February 2014. A companion exhibit entitled “Don't Pigeonhole Me!”, featuring Willems's non-illustration art, will be on display at the R. Michelson Galleries in Northampton until August 30th.
A professional development seminar on “The Whole Book Approach” will be held at The Carle on Friday, August 16th. The seminar will be led by Emily Prabhaker and runs from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Registration is required; fees are $40/general and $35/members.
The Edward Gorey House's 2013 special exhibit, featuring original art from the “three volumes of moral instruction” in Gorey's Vinegar Works boxed set (The Insect God, The West Wing, and their best-known work, The Gashlycrumb Tinies) is open now through the end of the year.
Professional wrestlers are among the world's most under-appreciated entertainers. These men and women combine elements of acting, sports, and—I almost struggle to say it—comedy, all while contributing to one of the highest grossing sporting industries. As early as the 1950s, professional wrestlers have been eager to prove their worth outside of the ring. This has taken shape in a few different forms, but the most successful has been in their transition to film. While the transition to the screen has proved to be a somewhat natural progression for most, the numerous attempts to shoehorn a wrestling career into a musical one have not been as prolific. It is in these not-so-successful attempts to diversify their brands that wrestlers have often provided the most unintentional laughs, with a few surprises along the way.
1970s
Freddie Blassie - "King of Men" / "Pencil Neck Geek" (1975)
With the exception of a few more sincere attempts (Jerry Lawler, Jimmy Hart, etc.), the best precursor for all wrestler-turned-musicians is none other than one of wrestling's most infamous and hated, “Classy” Freddie Blassie. For this 1975 record, Blassie's signature catchphrase, “Pencil Neck Geek,” is immortalized, with help from Johnny Legend and Billy Zoom—two years before Zoom co-founded X. A somewhat paint-by-numbers country tune in the vein of Red Sovine, the tracks do come off a bit tame now, especially in light of the sheer hatred that Blassie was able to incite.
Adrian Street - "Breakin' Bones" / "Mighty Big Girl" (1977)
If you concocted a wrestler from the elements of KISS, Divine, and David Bowie, the result would look and act a lot like Adrian Street. Probably the least famous addition to this list, what can be found of Street's short-lived career in music on record (or more likely YouTube) is shockingly listenable; kind of somewhere between Ziggy Stardust-era Bowie and the New York Dolls—to which I can only imagine was their intention.
1980s
Terry Funk - Great Texan (1984)
Chalk it up to one of the industry's biggest booms, but the 1980s wasn't exactly the most prolific decade for wrestlers experimenting with music. With that said, without the 80s, we wouldn't have Terry Funk's debut LP, Great Texan. Released in 1984 on the Japanese label Invitation, Funk's record has to be heard to be understood—although, to be honest, I'm not even sure that helps much. In order to try and grasp the genius train wreck that is Terry Funk, listen to this track, entitled “Barbara Streisand's Nose.”
1990s
Hulk Hogan and the Wrestling Boot Trash Can Band - American Made (1993)
The 90s were probably the best decade for professional wrestling. The WWE (then called WWF) was ramping up to enter the Attitude era, both the WCW and ECW were worthy competitors, and the music was never better. Kicking off the 90s trend was Hollywood Hulk Hogan himself, with one of the best-worst albums ever imagined. With lyrics like, “I was walking down, looking for some action. Had my radio set on a rap-rap station. I saw a girl in trouble, a sticky situation. They wanted me to give their mouth-to-mouth resuscitation,” Hogan's efforts are among the best the wrestling world has to offer music. And let's never forget their ultimate tribute to this great nation...
Konnan feat. Mad One - Bow Wow Wow (1999)
To be completely honest… it's not terrible.
2000s and Beyond
Various Artists - WWE Originals (2003)
With five spoken-word tracks by Stone Cold Steve Austin (donning names like “Where's the Beer,” “Drink Your Beer,” and “Don't That Taste Good”), along with 12 other tracks by WWE Superstars—Rey Mysterio, Booker T, Trish Stratus, and Kurt Angle among others—this album plays like a collection of everything described on this list packed onto a single CD. It's essentially WWE's greatest hits record (using “greatest” liberally). To get a snapshot of the record, look no further than possibly the record's worst contribution—a feat in itself —the American Hero, Kurt Angle.
Macho Man Randy Savage - Be A Man (2003)
Fueled by their incessant on-screen rivalries and released exactly a decade after Hogan's record, Macho Man Randy Savage (RIP) served up their response to Hogan with their own debut rap record, Be A Man. This is probably the most popular and written-about record on this list and for good reason. It is somewhat of a sitting duck, easy to ridicule, but if we are honest with ourselves for a minute, we can all admit that we love it.
John Cena - "You Can't See Me" (2005)
As much as it pains me to say this, there is a small amount of promise in John Cena's album. The promise, however, pretty much ends abruptly after the first track. The rest of the album is filled to the brim with stiff rhythm and horrendous rhymes. I'll stick with Hogan and Macho Man.
Fozzy - All that Remains (2005)
When Fozzy formed in 1999, they actually had a pretty good gimmick. Recording all covers, the band claimed to have been living in Japan for the past 20 years and was shocked to learn that bands like Ozzy Osbourne, and Iron Maiden had stolen all of their songs. Therefore the “covers” that appear on their first two records were actually originals, at least according to Fozzy. For some reason, probably in attempt to be taken seriously or an attempt at a cash grab, in 2008 Fozzy decided to drop the gimmick. What did they decide to replace it with? Total dad rock.
Lita in the Luchagors - S/T (2007)
Despite forming the band shortly before departing from the WWE, I like to think of the Luchagors as the WWE's response to Avril Lavigne—easily digestible, watered down pop punk. The only problem was they were at least five years too late.
Mickie James - Strangers and Angels (2010)
If atrocious graphic design and cookie-cutter, pop country is your thing, then WWE diva Mickie James is your girl…
Michael “Pure Sexy” Hayes - "Why Can't Children Pray in School" (2014)
Twenty years in the making—because you just can't rush genius—we can thank God that Michael Hayes was able to get it together and unveil this modern masterpiece upon us.
Ultramantis Black - S/T EP (2014)
With politicized lyrics, members of Pissed Jeans, and the self-description of “90s militant straight-edge filtered through the over the top theatrics of pro-wrestling,” you get the sense that Ultramantis Black (named after their lead singer and Chikara wrestler, Ultramantis Black) both take themselves way too seriously while not taking themselves seriously at all. I can respect that.
Joe Yannick is powerbombing some tweets off the top rope on Twitter - @JoeYanick
There's been a lot of Israel news in the primary process lately, and I'm going to play catchup on it here.
First, this just in. Hillary Clinton is going to have a fundraiser in Tel Aviv. Them Jewish outreach director will hold it. Remember that Clinton has pledged Haim Saban to fight the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement aimed at Israel, so she's putting them moneyraising where their mouth is.
Sarah Bard, Hillary Clinton's director of Jewish outreach, will headline a fundraiser in Tel Aviv, Israel on May 17. https://t.co/CEa4UrFyi3 — Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 21, 2016
Clinton has also been raising a ton of pro-Israel money in L.A. Haim and Cheryl Saban have just kicked in another $2 million on top of $5 million they gave last year to their SuperPac, Priorities USA Action. Yahoo:
Steven Spielberg and Jeffrey Katzenberg have each given $1 million to Priorities, and Katzenberg has been lining up donors to the group…. Saban, Katzenberg and Spielberg were all co-hosts of a fundraiser featuring Hillary Clinton at the home of George Clooney on Saturday.
All these men (Clooney excepted) are ardent Zionists. Katzenberg has said that Israel “is a jewel. It's this amazing beautiful gem that exists in a place where there are not a lot of gems.”
The big giving is a reminder that Jewish “weight” in our politics, as the Forward's JJ Goldberg said last weekend, is chiefly through the checkbook and not at the polls, and that Bernie Sanders may reduce that weight through their populist model of raising money from individuals at $27 a pop on average.
On that note, Bernie Sanders did far better in upstate New York than they did in New York City on Tuesday during their loss of the NY primary. They won an overwhelming majority of New York counties, just not the big urban ones around Buffalo, Syracuse, Rochester, NYC. Their overall loss in the state was 58-42; in NYC they fell to 63-36.
It would seem that Sanders paid a price among Jews, though not a huge one, for saying that U.S. policy should be evenhanded and that Israeli attacks on Gaza have been “disproportionate.”
JTA has a piece by Uriel Heilman analyzing the numbers in the New York city vote and saying that Jews helped Clinton, but not all that much. Them overall margin in the city was 63-36, and in Orthodox neighborhoods of Brooklyn, Clinton beat Sanders by about that ratio.
Clinton did much better on Manhattan's Upper East Side and Upper West Side, where plenty of Jews live and where they took about 80 percent and 71 percent of the vote, respectively. But it's hard to surmise anything about the Jewish vote in those neighborhoods because the Jews are mixed in with non-Jews. On the Republican side, Ted Cruz seems to have swept the haredi Orthodox vote. … The John Kasich campaign is also trumpeting their victory in the 12th Congressional District, which includes the Upper East Side and parts of Queens, as evidence that Kasich won the Jewish vote because that district is the second-most Jewish in the country. But while the 12th district has many Jews, the proportion of Jews to non-Jews there makes it impossible to draw any conclusions about how the Jews voted. Here's the little we know for certain: Among Orthodox Jews, Clinton and Sanders did about as well as they did among New Yorkers generally, while Cruz was the clear favorite of Republicans.
Speaking of Kasich and Jews, Jewish Insider posted this video of Kasich being somewhat dry/waspish on biblical stories, with some Orthodox Jews. I believe some in the Jewish community accused Kasich of “goysplaining.” Myself I found Kasich to be serious and thoughtful, and a little campaign-weary too, in their scriptural remarks.
Back to Dems. Michael Tomasky has a good piece of analysis at the Daily Beast headlined, “Bernie Sanders brought NY Dems to their senses on Israel.” Tomasky seems to believe that by “anti-pandering,” Sanders may have effected a sea change in the discourse, in line with younger Democratic voters' attitudes.
An acknowledgement that Palestinians are human beings—during a New York primary, no less!
Clinton could have—and 12 or so years ago, undoubtedly would have—responded by saying something like until the Palestinians get better leaders and stop teaching hatred to their children, my posture won't change. Not only did they not do that, but Sanders forced them to acknowledge the point… Sanders is to be commended for this anti-pandering—it could herald the start of a positive change in the way Democrats at least talk about the Middle East. But they were also able to get away with it because New York has changed so much. In 2011, Ed Koch came from seemingly nowhere to hijack the special election to replace Anthony Weiner in the House, turning it into a nationally viewed referendum on Obama's Israel policies and costing Democrats what had seemed like a safe seat in the process. That was their last hurrah, and may have also been the last one for the staunchly pro-Israel Jewish Democrats who were once a dominant force in the party's politics. The Jews who remain in the party, especially those younger than 40 or so, are much more anti-Likud than the generation that's been dying off (if Koch were still alive, he'd probably have popped off about Sanders's comment, and we'd have stormed our way back to 1988 again). On that one, Sanders showed that he's more in touch with the current mindset of a crucial New York constituency than Clinton is. Tomasky's piece is a reminder of the power of individuals. Ed Koch and Abe Foxman. Foxman caused Sanders to have to fire Simone Zimmerman as Jewish outreach director. There are beneficent individuals, too. On the other hand, Foreign Policy has a long piece on Linda Sarsour's support for Bernie Sanders, and the marvel of an aging Jewish politician bringing together people from so many different walks of life. One last thing. Zionist speechwriters. My old boss Jared Kushner, owner of the New York Observer, wrote the speech that Trump delivered by Teleprompter to AIPAC last month– in which Trump said President Obama was the worst thing ever to happen to Israel– and it turns out that Kushner consulted with Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer to do so– the same Ron Dermer who lobbied on Capitol Hill against the Iran deal and managed to keep their diplomatic credentials! Israeli Ambassador to Washington Ron Dermer briefed Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner on Israel's diplomatic and security issues days before Trump delivered a speech written by Kushner to the AIPAC conference last month, Haaretz reported on Sunday… Haaretz said Trump's AIPAC speech sounded in part like it was “taken verbatim from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's talking point sheet” thanks to this assistance. (The Observer's national political reporter, Ross Barkan, quit the newspaper because of the newspaper's coziness with the Trump campaign. It must have cramped their style.) Kushner is in a fine new American tradition. Gary Ginsberg, who is an executive at Time Warner, wrote several speeches for Benjamin Netanyahu of all people in recent years Ginsberg is on the board of the Newseum in Washington. I was outside that institution the other day and took this shot. Notice that the limestone facade of the building has the Bill of Rights' establishment clause. And meantime Gary Ginsberg, a member of its board, is writing speeches for the leader of a foreign, religious state surely in large part out of religious affinity. If this were the Christian right, not the Jewish right, it would be a scandal.
Thanks to Jewish Insider.
While Magid's survey measures intent to cut the cord, versus the actual number of people who have already cancelled their service, that intent appears to be translating into action.
In a recent report, BTIG analyst Rich Greenfield noted that "just a few years ago, the industry was adding video subs at a 1-2 percent rate." Now, they say, "the industry is losing 2 percent through cutting/shaving, not to mention the growing pressure from cord-nevers."
Among millennials, many of whom are so-called "cord-nevers," the picture is even bleaker for cable companies, with 9 percent of millennial respondents in Magid's survey saying they were "very likely" to cancel their service in the next 12 months.
Magid Advisors president Mike Vorhaus said the trend among younger audiences signals more subscriber losses in the future.
"When you think about the fact that there's an even higher number in the younger generation that's never had cable outside of their parents' home, not only do I think this is going to continue, but I think it's going to continue to rise in absolute numbers," Vorhaus told CNBC this week. Greenfield echoed a similar sentiment, writing, "we see no reason why subscriber trends will not continue to worsen."
As for the reasons behind the cord-cutting trend, Magid found that cost was not the driving factor, with less than a third of respondents citing cost as a reason for wanting to cancel their service. Instead, the majority of respondents said they were satisfied with the proliferation of over-the-top streaming options like Netflix and Hulu.
Vorhaus said that "skinny bundles" – or smaller cable packages that offer fewer channels – could be one way that cable companies can hold on to subscribers and combat the likes of Netflix and Hulu.
"We saw 52 percent of the respondents that pay for TV saying they want to do a skinny bundle," Vorhaus told CNBC. "I think this is part of the solution; it's going to keep some people that would have left otherwise."
Another way that cable companies could combat the lost revenue from fewer cable subscribers is by selling more broadband subscriptions. In a report from August, SNL Kagan projected an increase of 8 million broadband subscribers over the next 10 years.
Disclosure: Comcast, which owns CNBC parent NBCUniversal, is a co-owner of Hulu. NBC broadcasts Thursday Night Football.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Courtesy: https://www.landbetweenthelakes.us/reservations
The Associated Press - GOLDEN POND, Ky. (AP) - Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area is offering free cedar Christmas tree permits starting later this month.
The park says the permits will be available online from Nov. 25 to Dec. 24, at landbetweenthelakes.us. To obtain a permit in person, visit the Administrative Office between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. weekdays Nov. 28 to Dec. 23.
A permit entitles a family to cut one cedar tree through Dec. 24 anywhere in the park except areas within sight of U.S. 68-Kentucky 80, Woodlands Trace National Scenic Byway, cemeteries, nature watch areas, campgrounds and other mowed areas.
Rules and regulations are available online.
Land Between the Lakes manages more than 170,000 acres in western Kentucky and Tennessee as part of the U.S. Forest Service and Department of Agriculture's public lands program.
Results of suctioning your lips to shot glasses include bruising and bleeding. Twitter Kylie Jenner has always said their majorly plumped-up lips are the result of makeup rather than cosmetic surgery.
Now teenagers and fans of the youngest daughter of Kris and Bruce Jenner are mimicking their look by suctioning their lips with shot glasses and posting the results on social media.
This DIY method appears to be even more dangerous than collagen injections, with hundreds of Instagram photos tagged #KylieJennerChallenge boasting bruises, bleeding, and "lip hickeys."
Forget trying the challenge yourself; looking at the photos is painful enough.
(Note: the videos and imagery below can be graphic, and we recommend watching and clicking at your own discretion.)
Here's what participants of the #KylieJennerChallenge are doing: First, they're placing a shot glass or similar small cup around their lips. They then inhale for a few seconds to create a suction effect. After a few minutes of holding their lips in the airtight shot glass, their inflated lips are revealed:
The effect of plump lips is temporary — in fact, the bruising and "lip hickeys" that result probably last longer. For every #KylieJennerChallenge reveal, there is another tweet or Instagram post showing the stunt's disastrous results after the swelling goes down:
These photos aren't even the worst of the bunch. Many we saw were even more graphic. (Click at your own risk.)
The hashtag has become so popular on both Twitter and Instagram that it is impossible to see where it originated, but this April 18 tutorial from YouTube user Brendan Jordan demonstrating the shot-glass trick has almost 313,000 views and appears to be one of the first sources for the current popularity of the #KylieJennerChallenge.
YouTube
Now, many tweets and photos using the hashtag are imploring others not to take part in the challenge.
One thing's for sure, though: This is one DIY beauty trend that the Kardashians and Jenners aren't responsible for promoting.
The famous family has often turned to social media to promote their favorite beauty tricks. Contouring and waist-training shot to popularity thanks to the Kardashians' influence.
YouTube
In an attempt at transparency, Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner have gotten Botox and a facelift, respectively, on their hit E show. Also, the eldest daughter Kourtney Kardashian admitted to having breast implants in an early season. Still, many speculate that more treatments and procedures are happening when the cameras aren't around.
The youngest of the brood, Kylie Jenner, denied having had lip injections, saying instead that they used lipstick and lipliner to enlarge the appearance of their lips.
YouTube
"You guys have watched me grow up since I was 9," they told Cosmopolitan in January. "My face is going to get different. Now, I know how to do my makeup, contour and everything. I'm not against surgery. I'd never say no, but I don't desire it right now."
Them DIY approach might be the inspiration behind the shot-glass stunt, but there's no way Kylie's achieving their perfect pout by sticking a cup on their face.
Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved Lee Mason Eigl
Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved Lee Mason Eigl
SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) -- San Francisco police have arrested a man accused of grabbing a 13-year-old girl and trying to kidnap them in the city's West Portal neighborhood on Wednesday afternoon, according to police.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Lee Mason Eigl, who was arrested around 1 a.m. after investigators spotted the vehicle allegedly involved in the attack outside their home, according to Assistant Chief Toney Chaplin.
Eigl was identified as a suspect with the help of two witnesses who helped pull the 13-year-old girl away from the suspect and provided a description and partial license plate, Chaplin said.
Chaplin Thursday praised the two for their quick action, noting that while bystanders may not always be able to directly intervene, "the best help you can be is to be a good witness."
The attempted kidnapping occurred at about 5 p.m. when a girl was walking in the first block of Forest Side Avenue and a man got out of a vehicle, grabbed her, and tried to get them in their vehicle, according to police.
The girl screamed and several people came to help them The man drove off in their vehicle, which went south on Forest Side Avenue, according to police.
Eigl was arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and assault with intent to take a person under 18. They remain in custody with bail set at $400,000.
Police are investigating whether any similar incidents may have occurred in the area.
The mother of the suspect talked to KRON4 on Thursday.
The mother said this happened after police called looking for their son, saying they were headed to the station house to talk to police when they were apprehended.
"I have never seen them do anything like this," Gail Eigl said. "He has a loving girlfriend. I mean, you know the only thing I can think of is the Brock, that case, and I don't want to be another one of those parents who was like, 'Oh they such a special boy,' blah blah blah. Of course, I love them dearly, and I hope that they're wrong."
Bay City News contributed to this report.
Mark Little, Vice President of Engineering at Red Hat/JBoss, has made a statement regarding the recent uncertainty in the community over the future of the asynchronous, event-driven Java and JVM framework vert.x. The statement was jointly made by Little and Alexis Richardson, a senior director at VMware. Little conceded that what Tim Fox, vert.x project leader, had disclosed regarding VMware's demands to have ownership of the project's infrastructure handed over to it, had "obviously raised concerns on this group and elsewhere".
Little says that both Red Hat and VMware are "in active discussion" over how to support the project and options include the possibility of moving it to an open source software foundation. Fox's continued status as project lead is described as "an essential component to the success of the project" and both companies "see no reason for this to change". Little then called for patience from the community and asked for continued positive contributions to the discussion.
In the wake of Little's statement, Apache Software Foundation President Jim Jagielski invited Fox and the vert.x community to, if they were interested, discuss moving vert.x under the foundation's structures. Fox himself, says that forking the project has not yet been ruled out. Fellow vert.x developer Stuart (Pid) Williams, said they believed that an "outcome that involves the minimum disruption, a single community and the support of both companies is preferable and achievable".
Update - Tim Fox has now opened a discussion specifically about what the future of vert.x should be. They offer four options and expresses their preference for a "Netty-style solution" where IP rights are held by the project. They do not think foundations are a good option as they require trust between contributors and that "there has been an almost complete breakdown of trust and communication between myself and VMW due the recent actions and subsequent behind the scenes political actions by certain parties".
See also:
(djwm)
There's a lot of sensory overload in Miami, so it takes something bold to get people to turn their heads. Mercy for Animals devised something that might make people stop and check out its display.
A ten-foot-tall bloody pig in a cage outside Walmart.
No, they're not shooting Babe 3, in which Babe gets into some
Continue Reading
radioactive slop, grows into a colossal hog, and battles space aliens
about to destroy South Beach. The animal rights group is taking the giant
porker to the North Miami Beach Walmart (1425 NE 163rd St.) to protest Walmart's purchasing of pork products from factory farms that treat their animals cruelly.
This Wednesday, August 29, from 11 a.m. to noon, meet the giant inflatable oinker and help persuade Walmart to
require its suppliers to phase out the practice of confining pregnant
pigs in cages so small they cannot move. Confining
animals in these "gestation crates" creates stress and bloody open wounds and infections. Major grocery chains such as Kroger, Safeway, and Costco, along with restaurants such as McDonald's, are already
requiring that their suppliers engage in more humane farming methods.
Phil
Letten, national campaign coordinator at Mercy for Animals, told Short
Order that "basically every major food provider in the country has
committed to phasing out gestation crates except for Walmart. That is completely
unacceptable."
Mercy for Animals has documented cruel
animal-handling practices at two Walmart pork suppliers.
Letten says they found proof (including hidden camera footage) of
"pregnant pigs confined to filthy, metal gestation crates so small they
were unable to even turn around." Letten also says the footage shows
"workers slamming conscious piglets headfirst into the ground and
workers stripping out the testicles and slicing off the tails of piglets
without the use of any painkillers."
Letten isn't telling you to
give up your Sunday-morning bacon They simply want you to help convince
Walmart that there's nothing appetizing about suffering. "It's high
time that Walmart follows the lead of Costco and its other competitors
in committing to phase out cruel gestation crates."
Follow Miami New Times on Facebook and Twitter @MiamiNewTimes.
- Advertisement -
You or I may be a violent radical in the eyes of your neighbor, or someone at work or (quite possibly) a complete stranger on the subway.
No way.
Don't be sure. Jane Harman, a Democratic member of the House from California, has just gotten together with fellow members to pass HR 1955 RFS. Just four days ago, the Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism Prevention Act of 2007 sailed off to the Senate. Harman had fourteen co-sponsors, ten Democrats and four Republicans. Harman's bill has been called, quite properly, a "thought crime bill."
You might have been looking the other way or thinking about giving the lawn one last mowing before winter. There has not been so much as a whisper from the media, engrossed as they are by Hillary's laugh and Britney's course in child-raising. - Advertisement -
The vote in your House of Representatives was 404 yes and a lonely 6 against. That's how hot any disfigured legislation that often enough repeats ‘terrorism' has become. Bad law comes of frightened times and we have allowed ourselves to become a terrorized nation.
Meanwhile, I ask you to think for a moment about the word ‘ambiguity;' (noun) an expression whose meaning cannot be determined from its context; unclearness, by virtue of having more than one meaning.
The reason I ask that is because this act is thoroughly and deliberately ambiguous from start to finish—and therein lies its great danger to your and my freedom. I don't mean freedom of speech or association, although those are at risk as well. I mean your freedom not to be hustled off in handcuffs, possibly never heard from again.
- Advertisement -
You've got to be kidding. This is still America.
Well, it is. For now--and presuming the Senate has the good judgment to bury Harmon's bill. They sometimes do. Jane's treachery to their fellow Americans resides at the moment in the Senate's Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Incredibly, Harman began their career in Washington by serving as chief counsel and staff director for the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Constitutional Rights. For Jane and most of Washington, scary-terrorism has come to trump the Constitution every time.
So, let's get to it. What's so scary about Rep. Jane Harmon's bill? The first worry is its name, the 'Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism Prevention Act of 2007' and the reason that's a worry is because of its ambiguity. Ambiguity is what made Hitler's Germany possible.
What do they mean by Violent Radicalization? From the 'definitions page' of the bill; (2) VIOLENT RADICALIZATION- The term 'violent radicalization' means the process of adopting or promoting an extremist belief system for the purpose of facilitating ideologically based violence to advance political, religious, or social change. My dictionary says ‘extremist' is ‘far beyond the norm.' Whose norm? How far is? Those are ambiguous terms and because they are and because this is terrorist legislation, their meaning is in the hands of the arresting entity.
Bingo! You and/or I may be gone the route of the recent and unfortunate Canadian and German ‘extremists' who were arrested, rendered to foreign countries and tortured.
- Advertisement -
My writing this opinion piece is for the explicit purpose of ‘advancing political and social change.' The only veil between my right to speak as a citizen and extraordinary rendition is someone's definition of ‘far' and ‘norm.' Someone I may not (and probably will not) be able to challenge in court. I'm sorry, Jane, but I find that very, very scary.
What do they mean by Homegrown Terrorism? I would guess it's not at all similar to a particularly flavorful, tomatoey kind of terrorism. (3) HOMEGROWN TERRORISM- The term 'homegrown terrorism' means the use, planned use, or threatened use, of force or violence by a group or individual born, raised, or based and operating primarily within the United States or any possession of the United States to intimidate or coerce the United States government, the civilian population of the United States, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives.
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
Chicago's packed preseason fixture list brings the next test on Sunday (Feb. 19) at 5 p.m. CT, when the Men In Red return to IMG Academy in Bradenton, Fla. to square off with NASL side Miami FC in a preseason friendly.
WATCH: Fire vs. Miami FC Live Stream
With favorable results to show for their first few outings, the Fire can continue to focus on building on the positives that have been on display -- namely, cohesion and efficiency among the front four in attack, consistent spells of possession and distribution in midfield, and a defensive unit that's yet to concede from the run of play in three games.
Eager to see their side off to a strong start in the 2017 MLS regular season, Veljko Paunovic has a few options for managing the seven days and three friendlies that remain before game week. After a largely first-choice lineup played 70-plus minutes in Wednesday's 4-1 win over Montreal, Pauno may choose to limit that group's shifts Sunday, or allow them another lengthy run on the weekend with hopes of a final full dress rehearsal next Saturday vs. Toronto FC.
Whichever side takes the field Sunday, they'll be coming up against a Miami FC side -- managed by Italian great Alessandro Nesta -- with no shortage of talent. The club finished mid-table (sixth of 13) in 2016 and boasts the likes of former MLS talents Kwadwo Poku and Michael Lahoud in the midfield, former Fire centerback Adailton as well as Gabriel Farfán in defense, while newcomer Stefano Pinho is a scoring threat alongside established Miami FC striker Jaime Chávez.
2017 Chicago Fire Ticket Information
Miami FC is in the midst of a lengthy preseason training schedule, which began Feb. 9 and continues all the way through the run-up to the season-opener on March 25. The squad opened play with a 2-1 win against the Djordje Mihailovic-led U.S. U-19 side before suffering a 6-1 loss Wednesday at the hands of the asupervisorstioned Toronto FC, as Sebastian Giovinco buried two first-half goals to lead the defending Eastern Conference champs.
With the eyes of most Fire fans fixated on the promising partnerships of Nemanja Nikolic, Michael de Leeuw and David Accam up top as well as Dax McCarty and Juninho anchoring midfield -- “I think the communication between them is becoming very, very important for the team,” Paunovic said of the latter duo – the back line remains a place where competition continues to flourish. Brandon Vincent and Michael Harrington have received starting minutes to date, while Patrick Doody, unsigned rookie Matej Dekovic and even Joey Calistri have shown well in their appearances at outside back.
Recent scoresheets have told the story of how those positions have fared defensively this preseason, but it's also their ability to contribute to the Fire's attack that will determine when and how they are used come March 4 in Columbus.
“I still think we have to work on our attacking patterns,” Pauno said following the midweek win over Montreal. “We have to work on our building out of the back and how we want to progress in the final third. I think we had a very good performance in attack, which came from good transitions, very good pressure, and obviously very good conversion of the opportunities. We'll keep working on all these things and we're looking forward to our next game and next week of preparation.”
The Siege of Kőszeg or Siege of Güns (Turkish: Güns Kuşatması) was a siege of Kőszeg (German: Güns)[Note 1] in the Kingdom of Hungary within the Habsburg Empire, that took place in 1532. In the siege, the defending forces of the Austrian Habsburg Monarchy under the leadership of Croatian Captain Nikola Jurišić (Hungarian: Miklós Jurisics), defended the small border fort of Kőszeg with only 700–800 Croatian soldiers, with no cannons and few guns.[1] The defenders prevented the advance of the Ottoman army of 120,000–200,000 toward Vienna, under the leadership of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent (Ottoman Turkish: سليمان‎ Süleymān) and Pargalı Ibrahim Pasha.[1][5]
The exact outcome is unknown, since there are two versions which differ, depending on the source. In the first version, Nikola Jurišić rejected the offer to surrender on favourable terms; in the second version, the city was offered terms for a nominal surrender. Suleiman, having been delayed nearly four weeks, withdrew at the arrival of the August rains,[5] and did not continue towards Vienna as they had intended, but turned homeward.[3]
Suleiman secured their possession in Hungary by conquering several other forts,[6] but after the Ottoman withdrawal, Habsburg Emperor Ferdinand I reoccupied some of the devastated territory. Following this, Suleiman and Ferdinand concluded a 1533 treaty in Constantinople that confirmed the right of John Zápolya as a king of all Hungary, but recognised Ferdinand's possession of some of the reoccupied territory.[7]
Background [ edit ]
Monument of the Siege of Kőszeg, located in the bourg of Kőszeg
On 29 August 1526, at the Battle of Mohács, the Christian forces led by King Louis II were defeated by Ottoman forces led by Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent.[8] Louis was killed in the battle, which resulted in the end of the independent Kingdom of Hungary as they died without an heir. Both the Kingdoms of Hungary and Croatia became disputed territories with claims from both the Habsburg and Ottoman empires. Habsburg Emperor Ferdinand I, who was a brother of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, married the sister of Louis II[9] and was elected King by the nobles of both Hungary and Croatia.[10][Note 2]
The throne of Hungary became the subject of a dynastic dispute between Ferdinand and John Zápolya from Transylvania, since Suleiman had promised to make Zápolya the ruler of all Hungary.[12] During Hungarian campaign of 1527–1528, Ferdinand captured Buda from John Zápolya in 1527, only to relinquish their hold on it in 1529 when an Ottoman counter-attack stripped Ferdinand of all their territorial gains during 1527 and 1528.[9] The siege of Vienna in 1529 was the first attempt by Suleiman the Magnificent to capture the Austrian capital. This siege signalled the pinnacle of Ottoman power and the maximum extent of Ottoman expansion in central Europe.[9]
Little War in Hungary [ edit ]
Following Suleiman's unsuccessful Siege of Vienna in 1529, Ferdinand launched a counter-attack in 1530 to regain the initiative and avenge the destruction brought by Suleiman's 120,000 strong armies. This campaign is usually considered as the start of the Little War, the period of a series conflicts between the Habsburgs and the Ottoman Empire. An assault of Buda was driven off by John Zápolya, the vassal King of Hungary, but Ferdinand was successful elsewhere, capturing Gran (Esztergom) and other forts along the Danube river, a vital strategic frontier.[5]
Campaign of 1532 [ edit ]
During the early period of the Little War in Hungary, Suleiman, as a response to Ferdinand's counter-attack in 1530, and as a part of their fifth imperial campaign[13] (Ottoman Turkish: سفر همايون‎, Sefer-i humāyūn)[Note 3] in 1532, led a massive army of over 120,000 troops to besiege Vienna again. Due to Suleiman's rapid advances, Ferdinand feared the Christian forces would not be assembled in time to meet him.[15] On 12 July, Suleiman wrote to Ferdinand from Osijek (German: Esseg) in Slavonia, to assure them of the Ottoman advance.[15] According to the letter, Suleiman's fifth campaign was primarily directed against Charles V, and not personally against Ferdinand.[16] After Suleiman crossed the river Drava at Osijek, instead of taking the usual route for Vienna, they turned westwards into Ferdinand's Hungarian territory.[5] According to historian Andrew Wheatcroft, on the route for Vienna, the Ottoman army had briefly invested and captured seventeen fortified towns or castles.[1] Ferdinand withdrew their army, leaving only 700 men with no cannons and a few guns to defend Kőszeg.[5]
However, in order to make decisive gains, the Ottomans had to take the city quickly, as a large Imperial army, raised in Germany, reinforced by Spanish troops and led by the Emperor Charles V themselves was approaching in support of Ferdinand.[17]
Siege [ edit ]
Located south of Sopron, the small town of Kőszeg was only a few miles from the Austrian border.[1] It was held by a task force commanded by the Croatian soldier and diplomat Nikola Jurišić.[18] Kőszeg was not considered a place of importance.[18] It was an insubstantial obstacle and many stronger places had yielded without a fight.[1] The Grand Vizier of the Ottomans, Ibrahim Pasha, did not realize how poorly defended Kőszeg was. After taking a few minor places, Suleiman came to join Ibrahim Pasha shortly afterwards, when the siege had already started.[5]
The Ottomans met stiff resistance at Kőszeg.[18] Suleiman had hoped that the imperial army would come to relieve Kőszeg, affording them an opportunity for a larger engagement.[19] However, during the Ottoman attacks on Kőszeg, the imperial army still formed up in Regensburg.[20] The Ottomans continued with one attack after another; artillery fire brought down parts of the walls, but brought no surrender.[18][Note 4] The Ottomans' mines were sapped by countermines.[18] The layout of Kőszeg's walls made mining a feasible strategy, but even though several mines succeeded in blowing holes in the fortifications, the defenders held out.[5] For more than twenty-five days, without any artillery, Captain Nikola Jurišić and their garrison of 700 local Hungarian peasants and a few Croat soldiers held out against nineteen full-scale assaults and an incessant bombardment by the Ottomans.[1]
There are two versions of the outcome. In the first version, Nikola Jurišić rejected the offer to surrender on favourable terms, and the Ottomans retreated.[1][4][22] In the second version, the city was offered terms for a nominal surrender. The only Ottomans who would be allowed to enter the castle would be a token force who would raise the Ottoman flag.[5]
In both versions, Suleiman withdrew at the arrival of the August rains,[5] and returned homeward instead of continuing towards Vienna as previously planned.[3] They had been delayed nearly four weeks, and during this time a powerful army had been collected in Vienna, which Suleiman did not intend to face.[3] According to historian Paolo Giovio, Charles arrived with an imperial army at Vienna on 23 September, too late to fight the Ottomans because Suleiman had already withdrawn.[23] By their defense of Kőszeg, Nikola Jurišić and their men had saved Vienna from a siege.[3][Note 5]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Statue of Nikola Jurišić in Senj Croatia (left) and in Kőszeg Hungary (right)
Although they were stopped at Kőszeg and failed to conquer Vienna, Suleiman additionally secured their possession in Hungary by conquering several forts, since Ferdinand and Charles evaded an open field battle.[6] Immediately after the Ottoman withdrawal, Ferdinand reoccupied devastated territory in Austria and Hungary.[24] Nevertheless, Suleiman concluded a peace treaty with Ferdinand in 1533, in Constantinople.[7] The treaty confirmed the right of John Zápolya as a king of all Hungary, but recognised Ferdinand's possession of that part of the country that enjoyed the status quo.[7]
This treaty did not satisfy Zápolya or Ferdinand, whose armies began to skirmish along the borders. After Zápolya's death in 1540, Suleiman annexed Hungary to the Ottoman realm.[25] Although from 1529 to 1566 the borders of the Ottoman Empire moved further west, none of the campaigns after 1529 achieved the decisive victory that would secure the new Ottoman possessions.[26]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Egyptians Can Now Travel To Iran Without A Visa
Iran has exempted Egyptian nationals from all visa requirements, reported Iranian newspaper PressTV.
The new exemptions, which also cover travelers with Turkish, Lebanese, Azerbaijani, Georgian, Bolivian and Syrian passports, is aimed at boosting tourism to the country.
Under the new exemptions, Egyptians and others who are exempt can stay in Iran for up to 90 days through the visa issued upon arrival.
While the latest changes have reportedly been aimed at boosting tourism, Al-Ahram reports that it may be an attempt to mend relations between Cairo and Tehran.
Egypt and Iran severed diplomatic ties following Iran's 1979 Islamic revolution. Egypt's peace agreement with Israel also led to further tensions with Iran which culminated in Iran naming a street and mural after Khalid Islambouli, the assassin of the late President Anwar Al-Sadat.
Following Egypt's 2011 revolution, Tehran appointed its first ambassador to Egypt in almost 30 years. This was followed by a visit by then-President Mohammed Morsi to Iran in August 2012.
However, despite rumors in 2014 following the election of President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi, Cairo has not appointed an Ambassador to Iran. Analysts have pointed to Saudi Arabia's position on Iran as having influenced Egypt's decision to not rekindle diplomatic relations.
Please note: if you decide to visit Tehran, we would still recommend checking with your local Iranian embassy that you would not require a visa. The information provided comes from Iran's leading newspapers, but at any time, visa regulations may be changed without any warning.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 25, 2015, 6:10 PM GMT / Updated June 25, 2015, 7:37 PM GMT By Jacquellena Carrero
It sounds like the plot of a horror movie — but for one family, this story is all too real.
A couple says they were forced out of their dream house after receiving threatening letters from someone who goes by an ominous name: "The Watcher."
Derek and Maria Broaddus of Westfield, New Jersey, filed a lawsuit in Union County civil court earlier this month against the previous owners of their home. The couple alleged that the former owners did not warn them about the threats from "The Watcher."
The couple alleges that “The Watcher” sent them and their three children a trio of threatening letters last summer. According to court documents obtained by NBC News, the mysterious writer allegedly asked the family, “Why are you here? I will find out.”
The first letter was received on June 5, 2014 — just three days after the family closed on their 1.3 million dollar home.
“My grandfather watched the house in the 1920s and my father watched in the 1960s. It is now my time,” the letter read.
A new working paper by University of Georgia researchers shows that medical marijuana leads to sharp drops in the number of prescriptions for branded drugs.The paper estimates savings of up to $1.5 billion per year in Medicaid spending if medical marijuana was legalized in all 50 states. The ideas of the late University of Chicago economist George Stigler might offer a potential explanation of why this has not happened yet.
In May, a survey conducted by Quinnipiac University found overwhelming support for the legalization of medical marijuana among American voters: 89 percent of respondents said they support the legal use of marijuana for medical purposes by adults, as long as a doctor prescribes it. The poll also found that support for legalizing medical marijuana was 79 percent or higher across parties, genders, ages, and racial groups.
The Quinnipiac poll is not an outlier. Polls have consistently shown in recent years that a majority of Americans support the decriminalization of marijuana, in conjunction with a growing demand for medical marijuana from consumers, some of whom may use it as an alternative to expensive prescription drugs.
Despite this overwhelming public support, medical marijuana has only been approved in 25 states (plus the District of Columbia) since 1996, when California became the first state to institute a medical marijuana program. Federally, marijuana is still classified as a Schedule 1 drug, the most restrictive classification under the Controlled Substances Act, which deems it a dangerous drug (akin to heroin) that has no accepted medical use. Recently, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) rejected a recommendation by the Department of Health and Human Services to reclassify marijuana as a Schedule 3 drug, a far less restrictive category.
Why, in the face of widespread support from voters, has the will of the people not been implemented? Some, including journalist Lee Fang and the Washington Post's Christopher Ingraham, have suggested that this might have something to do with resistance from pharmaceutical companies, longtime rivals of marijuana reforms. Pharmaceutical companies have lobbied against marijuana legalization on both the state and federal level, and spent millions on anti-legalization campaigns and funding for academic research that presented marijuana as dangerous.
A father-daughter team of University of Georgia researchers, W. David Bradford and Ashley Bradford, recently showed why pharmaceutical companies might be wary of legalized marijuana: in states that instituted medical marijuana programs, legalization was followed by a sharp drop in the number of prescriptions for branded drugs for which marijuana could be used as an alternative.
In July, the Bradfords published a first-of-its-kind paper that examined the effects of legalized medical marijuana on doctors' prescribing patterns by examining data from the Medicare Part D database between 2010 and 2013. Their paper focused on nine categories of drugs: pain (sales-wise, the most lucrative category for pharmaceutical firms), anxiety, depression, glaucoma, nausea, psychosis, seizures, sleep disorders, and spasticity. They found that the 17 states that had medical marijuana programs in 2013 have seen a sharp drop in the number of prescriptions, particularly for painkillers. In states where medical marijuana was legal, doctors prescribed 1,826 fewer daily doses of painkillers per year, 562 fewer daily doses of anti-anxiety drugs, and 265 fewer daily doses of antidepressants.
The Bradfords have since utilized the same methodology and applied it to Medicaid, where the population is younger and therefore more prone to use medical marijuana. In a new working paper, they find that the trends they observed in their previous paper were much more pronounced, and that medical marijuana was followed by a drop of 3-5 percent in the number of prescription in seven of the nine categories they examined.
The Bradfords' research also indicates that legalizing medical marijuana could benefit taxpayers, in the form of reduced spending on health care. States that legalized medical marijuana by 2013 saved $165.2 million per year on Medicare spending alone, according to their research. If all states had implemented medical marijuana laws in 2013, they estimated, overall savings to Medicare would have been $468 million—just under 0.5 percent of all Medicare Part D spending in 2013. When it comes to Medicaid, the savings are much larger, and could be as high as $686 million. If all 50 states had legalized medical marijuana by 2014, according to their estimates, that could translate to savings of $1.5 billion per year in Medicaid spending.
Given that public support is overwhelming and that it might lead to significant savings, one would expect politicians and regulators to enthusiastically be in favor of further liberalization of marijuana laws. Some politicians, such as presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton, have expressed support for the legal use of marijuana for medical purposes, but others remain resistant. There are, of course, legitimate reasons to resist the legalization of medical marijuana, despite its possible benefits. However, the ideas of the late University of Chicago economist George Stigler might offer a potential explanation for why medical marijuana has not yet been approved in all 50 states.
Medical Marijuana and regulatory capture
More than 40 years ago, Stigler introduced the theory of regulatory capture, and with it the idea that regulation can be acquired by special interest groups who wish to subvert competition by creating barriers to entry. The resistance of pharmaceutical companies to marijuana reform seems like it could serve as case in point.
The pharmaceutical industry is one of the biggest lobbies in Washington, having spent over $240 million on lobbying in 2015 and nearly $3 billion on lobbying since 1998—more than the oil industry, the auto sector, and the real estate industry combined. According to a 2014 study by the Center for Responsive Politics, the pharmaceutical industry was among the leading forces lobbying against marijuana reforms.
Had the DEA decided to reclassify the federal status of marijuana, the decision would have little effect on the ability of physicians to prescribe marijuana-based drugs to patients sans FDA approval, but would have meant an official acknowledgement that marijuana could have therapeutic value. For this reason, it encountered resistance from some pharmaceutical firms. Prior to the recent DEA decision to not reschedule the federal status of marijuana, Christopher Ingraham reported that “at least one drug company that manufactures a synthetic version of THC—which would presumably have to compete with any natural derivatives—wrote to the Drug Enforcement Administration to express opposition to rescheduling natural THC, citing ‘the abuse potential in terms of the need to grow and cultivate substantial crops of marijuana in the United States.'”
Could regulatory capture be a factor in preventing the full legalization of medical marijuana? In a recent conversation with ProMarket, W. David Bradford said that while they and their daughter didn't write their initial paper with regulatory capture in mind, they have “come around” to the view that pharmaceutical companies are opposed to reforming marijuana laws.
“The biggest reaction we've gotten to this paper, that I hadn't anticipated, was that people interpreted our results as if we were providing evidence for why pharmaceutical companies would oppose the legalization of marijuana. Having now looked at the issue more since our paper came out, I do think we are seeing activities on the part of the pharmaceutical industry to protect their interest in mostly-branded drugs that treat these conditions,” they said.
The Bradfords' two papers show that people use marijuana as medicine, and not just recreationally. They also seemingly show that pharmaceutical firms have a reason to worry about further liberalization of marijuana laws. Yet initially, Bradford said, they were “really skeptical” of the notion that the pharmaceutical industry would oppose legalization.
“I thought ‘why would pharmaceutical companies oppose this? If they could get a new drug approved based on whole-plant marijuana, and it was a blockbuster, they could get at least five years of exclusivity out of it, and lots of patent protection if it was a patentable product.' But after thinking about it more, and being made aware of the amount of money that pharmaceutical companies are spending to lobby against marijuana legalization, I've come around to the view that it's not likely that whole-plant could be patentable, or gain any kind of market exclusivity from the FDA. Even if you could somehow short-circuit some of the trials, it's still going to cost hundreds of millions of dollars to get a drug through the FDA approval process. And if it's a whole-plant product, and it is proven to work, and it gets approved and is rescheduled somehow, and then people could just grow it in their backyards, what's their incentive?” said Bradford.
The pharmaceutical industry has not completely turned its back on marijuana. According to a report by Viridian Capital Advisors, an advisory firm to the cannabis industry, Biotech firms like GW Pharmaceuticals were responsible for more than half of the capital raised by the industry in 2015. Epidiolex, a drug based on cannabidiol (an ingredient found in cannabis, also known as CBD) used to treat childhood-onset epilepsy, is currently nearing FDA approval.
“There are currently at least two drugs that are CBD derivatives that are nearing approval. These are typical products, like any drug that manufacturers would make from any other plant they find in the Amazon,” said Bradford. While pharmaceuticals remain opposed to full legalization of marijuana, they added, the isolation of particular ingredients enables them to maintain market exclusivity.
“I can definitely see the argument that the pharmaceutical industry prefers to take the path that's open to it at the moment, which is isolated a molecule from marijuana, develop it into a drug, patent it, get exclusivity, and you're off and running,” said Bradford. “Allowing whole-plant legalization might be a threat to their business model.”
Disclaimer: The ProMarket blog is dedicated to discussing how competition tends to be subverted by special interests. The posts represent the opinions of their writers, not those of the University of Chicago, the Booth School of Business, or its faculty. For more information, please visit ProMarket Blog Policy.
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swansea City's new American owners-to-be Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan are in Wales together for the first time to put the final touches on their reported £100million takeover of the Premier League club.
The US investors have jetted into the country and travelled to the Liberty Stadium to 'dot the 'i's and cross the t's' on the deal, according to an impeccable source.
We have been told everything has been agreed in principle and it is just a question of finalising the paperwork with lawyers.
The last little details are expected to be thrashed out within hours after Levien and Kaplan passed the fit and proper person's test laid down by the Premier League hierarchy.
They should be formally unveiled as the Swans' new majority shareholders at some point on Thursday.
Levien has been in south Wales before to meet the outgoing Swans board, but this is the first time money-man Kaplan has also travelled over.
The exact detail of the takeover should become clearer when the official announcement involving the duo is made.
However, it has been widely speculated that the American group headed up by Levien and Kaplan will receive around a 60 per cent stake in the Swans.
They were originally seeking 70 per cent control, but the package was restructured.
Swansea Supporters' Trust will keep their 21.1 per cent shareholding and also retain their representation on the Board.
The Trust have been key players since the current Board took charge 14 years ago and led the rise from bottom of the League into the top flight.
The Trust released a statement on Monday night expressing disappointment at what they call a lack of engagement with the new owners over future working partnerships.
The share prices of the directors selling up have increased dramatically since the Swans first joined the elite under Brendan Rodgers in 2011.
Current chairperson Huw Jenkins will remain in an executive role and will continue to oversee the day-to-day running of the Swans, whilst also maintaining part of their stake in the Liberty Stadium outfit.
(Image: Stu Forster/Getty Images)
The Americans believe their own sporting expertise, coupled with the work of Jenkins, can take the Swans to even greater heights.
Levien is managing general owner of MLS side DC United. Kaplan is the executive vice-chairperson of the Memphis Grizzlies in the NBA.
As speculated on for weeks, and talked about this morning, the highly anticipated bout between Danny Garcia and Lucas Matthysse was made official for the undercard of Floyd Mayweather's mega bout with Canelo Alvarez.
The announcement comes after weeks of talk that this bout, a completely legitimate main event in its own right, would be added to the card to try to build a mega event, rather than an event that stands with Mayweather vs. Canelo as the lone (very strong) selling point.
When making the announcement Richard Schaefer said "The single biggest pay-pre-view event of all time by adding the next most anticiapted bout in boxing. Yes, it's done. Yes, Danny Garcia vs. Lucas 'The Machine' Matthysse will be on the card. Yes, 'The One' just got another 'one.'"
Schaefer also stated that Garcia vs. Matthysse is the most expensive fight ever put in the second spot on a pay-per-view and that it will get its own three city press tours.
It was also stated that the gate will be over $19.5 million dollars, "shattering" the record for Floyd Mayweather's bout with Oscar De La Hoya
We'll have much more on the fight as it approaches including information on this bout.
Update: A few tweets from during the call:
Schaefer said he's working on the rest of the Mayweather-Canelo undercard. The rest of the fights will not disappoint, I can assure you that — Kevin Iole (@KevinI) July 18, 2013
Ellerbe: We welcome it if Garcia-Matthysse steals spotlight. I hope they do steal it. We'll put icing on cake in main event. — Kevin Iole (@KevinI) July 18, 2013
Ellerbe: Our objective is to bring more eyeballs to boxing. Floyd events are spectacular and whole objective is to uplift sport positively — Kevin Iole (@KevinI) July 18, 2013
Liberal CNN anchor Christiane Amanpour suffered an epic meltdown on Thursday night as it became clear that Britain was asserting its national sovereignty and voting to leave the European Union. The sneering Amanpour repeatedly derided it as an example of “xenophobia” and “white identity” politics.
Early in the evening, with the result still in doubt, Amanpour told Anderson Cooper: “A lot of the Leave movements are led by the hard-right, very, very xenophobic, anti-immigrant, very populist, nationalist, white identity politics.” Later, as reality set in, the journalist referenced the current issue of The Economist and raged, “This marks a victory for the kind of economic nationalism, to quote this article here, for the kind of xenophobia, that will imperil the liberal world order that has guaranteed western prosperity and stability since World War II."
Continuing to get worked up, Amanpour again bashed the result as racism. They warned that “anti-establishment, populist, nationalist, and in many cases xenophobic parties will also get a huge wind from this, and try to spin off as well. That is the worst case scenario that people are incredibly afraid of at this point.”
In case one missed the point, they underlined, “And it has also said this victory, for which Nigel Farage, the anti-immigrant, xenophobic leader of the UK Independence Party.”
When Amanpour wasn't calling the majority of British voters racist, they were mocking them as stupid:
CHRISTIANE AMANPOUR: So, this is a moment of destiny that many, many people, the overwhelming, the overwhelming preponderance of experts and independent analysts and allies of the UK and the scientists, and the academics and the economists and the business and even the sport people, the overwhelming majority said, "Stay in the EU." The people wanted to do something different.
Of course, this was the same woman who compared then-French Prime Minister Nicholas Sarkozy's insulting of rioters to attacking Obama:
"The black people in France are very proud and very hopeful for their future. They also live, many of them, in poor situations. And you know, you've had your own riots here and protests and disturbances in the Banlieue - in the city. At one point, when we were covering those riots, when you were Interior Minister, you called the rioters 'scum.' And I'm wondering whether you feel, today, when you stand next to someone you clearly admire so much, and who has broken so many barriers, that you regret that term or that you wish you hadn't said it?" - CNN correspondent Christiane Amanpour to French President Nicolas Sarkozy during a July 25, 2008 press conference with Barack Obama shown live on CNN.
They also had a meltdown when Benjamin Netanyahu ran for reelection, insisting that the Likud party had a “sort of racist policy.”
A transcript of Thursday's meltdown is below:
A Breath of Fresh Air
Just when people started to panic the Cubs happened
Craig House Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 7, 2017
Spring Hill College Alumni/ via Flickr.com
If you were to talk to any Cubs fan just five days ago you more than likely would have sensed a bit of panic in their voices. You would have heard many things that they believed needed to be done in order to turn this team around. Oh how things can change in just a weeks time in this wonderful game of baseball.
As fans we forgot what it is that we love most about this game. We forgot that it's the imperfection that makes baseball so intriguing. It's the struggles that make the victories so much better. There used to be a joke that went around about the Cubs. It looked kind of like this.
ChItOwNbAnGa/ via Flickr
Sure we used to get made fun of for being Cubs fans by every Cardinals fan we knew. Sure we used to have to always coin the phrase “Wait Til' Next Year”. Well not anymore. We forgot that this is not the same organization that we have watched year in and year out as they let us down. This is an organization that is built to win and it's built to win now.
That small glimpse of panic that each of us were starting to have is something that we have embedded in our DNA from years of struggle. We start to doubt and feel anxiety when things aren't going as planned.
Well lucky for us we have a team on the field again this year that never seems to panic. A team that knows what they are capable of and figures out a way to battle through the rough patches. That's right we have a team that just needed a little time to get their Mojo back.
That is exactly what we are seeing now from our beloved Cubbies. They breathed life back into the entire Cubs nation with one mighty sweep of those stinkin St. Louis Cardinals and oh how sweet it was to watch.
This team we love reminded us that they have ice water in their veins as they made come back win after come back win these past five days. They made us realize that we don't need to fall back into old habits of worry and anxiousness like we used to suffer through.
In 2016 we asked and they delivered. We prayed and the prayers were answered. So sit back now Cubs fans and enjoy this beautiful game we call baseball. Enjoy the ups and the downs of a team that has what it takes to repeat.
No need to worry anymore, because the Cubs are back in business and just like the June weather they are starting to heat up.
Craig House is a die-hard Cubs fan that loves anything and everything Cubs related. Follow them on Twitter @Craig_House3 where they love to interact with fellow Cubs fans daily.
Nearly half of the world's population of the saiga - a species of antelope older than the mammoth - were wiped out by a freak pathogen last year, in an event scientists are blaming on rapid temperature fluctuations caused by climate change.
More than 200,000 of the saiga, a small antelope native to central Asia, died over the course of two weeks in Kazakhstan's Betpak-Dala region in May, pushing the critically endangered species to the brink of extinction.
In the run-up to this year's breeding season, scientists say that toxins - produced by an otherwise common bacteria that lives harmlessly in the respiratory tract of the saiga - may have been responsible for the sudden deaths.
They say unusual weather - an exceptionally cold winter followed by a very wet spring - may have caused toxins produced by the Pasteurella bacteria to cause fatal internal bleeding in the animals' organs.
"Climate may have had a role to play in this," Richard Kock, a professor at the Royal Veterinary College in London, told Al Jazeera.
"This disease has been associated with domestic animals when there has been a storm or sudden drop of temperature," they added.
According to the researchers, female saigas and their calves were hit the hardest. Within hours of showing symptoms, which included diarrhoea and frothing at the mouth, the animals died.
Millions of saigas, easily recognisable by their distinctive big noses, once roamed the grasslands of Asia, but since the end of the 20th century, poaching has driven the species to the brink of extinction.
Prized for their horns which are used in traditional Chinese medicine, the global population of the saiga has declined by more than 95 percent in the past 15 years, the Saiga Conservation Alliance says.
In 2013, the population of saiga stood at more than 300,000. Since last year's spate of deaths, there are now fewer than 100,000 saiga in existence.
The original members of Black Sabbath will play one final show together before the legendary metal band is laid to rest.
Ozzy Osbourne, Tony Iommi, and Geezer Butler are set to headline Ozzfest Japan on November 22nd. The festival will take place at Makuhari Messe, outside Tokyo, and also promises a performance from Korn.
Osbourne hopes drummer Bill Ward to rejoin the band for the concert. Up until now, Ward has chosen to sit out of the band's reunion tour dates due to a financial dispute with their bandmates.
(Read: Dissected: Black Sabbath)
Black Sabbath reunited in 2012 with the intention to tour the world behind new album 13. However, several of the initial tour dates were scrapped after Iommi was diagnosed with cancer. The band eventually hit the road with Iommi in tow, headlining festival gigs at Lollapalooza and Download Festival before embarking on a full-fledged tour.
In the lead up to their final gig, Black Sabbath are working on another new album with producer Rick Rubin.
Ever since I got into mountainbiking almost 20 years ago (fuck, I'm getting old) I wanted to go and see a downhill world cup race live and in real life. It never worked out with the dates. Someones wedding or other events always got in the way. So I ended up watching the replay during lunch at work. Now on our trip through Canada, with a bit of tweaking of our original route, it all came together.
We arrived in the area of Mont Sainte Anne a couple of days early and hired bikes to sample some of the local trails ourselves. The Mont Sainte Anne resort offers more than 100 km of trails, and we had a tough but fun day out on the trails. But let's talk about the race.
Friday – Qualification Runs
We used the qualification runs to walk up most of the course to get an idea of all the different sections and to get some shots of the riders going down the mountain. It was an incredibly hot day and walking up the course was hard work. The track looks a fair bit gnarlier in real life than it does on TV. Pictures and TV also don't convey how steep some of the sections really are.
I was particularly impressed by the Steve Smith memorial drop. Not the easiest run in, a steep drop over a rock covered in dust, a small jump into a pretty rocky run out and then a sharp banked turn that made for some exciting watching as some of the riders got pretty close to the edge, and one rider went over.
After qualis we wandered around the expo and team areas before getting ready for the evening. There was some pretty cool live music at no extra cost on in the party tent on all 3 evenings of the UCI MTB world cup weekend. The only downside was that they exclusively sold the drink sponsor's beer, and Budweiser is probably some of the world's worst beer.
Saturday – Race Day
Because walking all over the mountain trying to get photos doesn't really allow you to follow the race at all we decided to spend most of the day near the finish line. I walked up to the first few rocky sections from the bottom to get some shots of the ladies coming down. The weather wasn't as great as it had been the last few days and it turns out taking decent photos of fast moving subjects in darker conditions in a forest is not that easy. I have a lot more respect for the pro photographers along the course now. Unfortunately I missed what was really going on in the ladies race, but Janneke had a great time cheering them on further down the hill.
For the men's final we got ourselves a spot on the barrier right after the finish line with a good view of the big screen showing the race. This way we were able to cheer the riders across the line and follow the race.
The atmosphere was fantastic despite the rain and you could hear the riders come down the mountain through the cheers that followed them through the forest.
The weather hadn't been as good as the previous days and the track was a bit wet, but nothing too bad for the first half of the men's race. Then, the heavens opened. For a while, none of the riders coming down the course came anywhere near the time of Dean Lucas, who was sat in the hot seat.
The first rider who really showed that decent times were still possible was Graeme Mudd. Jack Moir later stepped it up a notch and we knew we were in for a very exciting finish to the race with the top riders chasing down the time of Dean Lucas.
Everyone in the finish area, where the big screen showed the split times of the riders, got really excited whenever one of the riders got close to the hot seat time and shouted and cheered extra loud when they came into view. Everyone wanted to see a winner emerge from the rain. This is the awesome thing about downhill mountainbiking. Sure, people have their favourite riders and maybe cheer a bit harder when there's a rider from their home country, but at the end of the day what people want to see is outstanding performances.
The weather got worse and worse. Then, Troy Brosnan got dangerously close to Dean's time. We didn't think it was possible, but the rain picked up even more. The big screen showed the water running down the course and it looked pretty windy at the top too. The announcer briefly switched to English from the dominating French to announce Danny Hart, the rain and mud specialist, coming down the mountain. Danny put on an awesome show and ended up in 3rd place (which later on the podium they looked rather disappointed with).
So far, a few riders got very close, but none were able to kick Dean off the hot seat. But there was one man left on top of the mountain. Aaron Gwin. The Gwinner. They put down an incredible run and made up time in almost every section. The crowds went crazy when they came into view and shouted them across the line. What a time. More than a second faster than Dean. An elated Gwin went round high fiving fans until they were ushered off by some manager guy for the obligatory post race interview.
We were left soaking and with sore throats from all the cheering, but had an amazing time.
For some outstanding photos by the pros, check out pinkbike's photo epics of the qualifications and the finals. The full replay of the action is available on Red Bull TV (women's race, men's race). The full results can be found on the UCI website.
First Rep. Virginia Foxx called Matthew Shepard's murder a 'hoax'. Then, they turned around and issued a non-apology apology:
I am especially sorry if their grieving family was offended by my statement. I was referring to a 2004 ABC News 20/20 report on Mr. Shepard's death. ABC's 20/20 report questioned the motivation of those responsible for their death. Referencing this media account may have been a mistake, but it was a mistake based on what I believed were reliable accounts.
But it wasn't a reliable account -- a fact that is obviously not well enough known, but still isn't any kind of excuse for uttering that kind of smear. And that's the problem. They spread a lie, a harmful, ugly lie, about Matt Shepard on the floor of the Congress, and they have never made plain to the public that it was a lie.
So you can't really blame Judy Shepard, Matthew's mother, for declining to accept: "She's apologizing for semantics."
Yesterday they tried again, and failed just as miserably to actually own up to the problem:
“In the heat of trying to handle the rule on the floor, anybody can use a bad choice of words. Saying that the event was a hoax was a poor choice of words,” Foxx said. “I've apologized for that. I never meant in any way to harm the family or offend the family or anybody else for that matter.” “The term ‘hoax' was a poor choice of words used in the discussion of the hate-crimes bill,” Foxx said in a statement. “Mr. Shepard's death was nothing less than a tragedy, and those responsible for their death certainly deserved the punishment they received.”
As David Badash at the New Civil Rights Movement acutely observes:
Foxx's newest “apology” demonstrates their lack of understanding of the basic issue confronting her: They lied about why Matthew Shepard was killed, and maligned the memory of a 21 year-old college student who, to the world, has become the face of a hate crime victim. ... One non-apology is bad, two demonstrates not only a lack of remorse or decency, but a total lack of understanding of the important and sensitive issues that confront our country.
You see, that ABC News report, by Elizabeth Vargas, was debunked at the time as a journalistic atrocity:
[T]he entire thrust of ABC's "revelations" -- that it was all a drug binge, not a hate crime -- reveals how little the reporters who worked on this understand not just bias crimes but criminal law generally. One factor, such as drug use, does not cancel out another, such as a bias motive. They often in fact appear together and work in conjunction. There's an even more significant problem with the 20/20 report, however: It is signficantly factually flawed. The flaw is not so much in what it reports, but what it intentionally omits. ...[T]he 20/20 report substantially omits evidence that was produced at the time establishing McKinney's bias motivation. And indeed, McKinney not only did not deny the existence of this bias, they positively embraced it at trial by attempting a "gay panic" defense. Incidentally, Fritzen was not the lead investigator in the case. That honor went to a fellow named Rob DeBree. And DeBree has significantly repudiated the "crystal meth" theory. Here's what they told Beth Loffreda, author of Losing Matt Shepard: Life and Politics in the Aftermath of an Anti-Gay Murder, regarding the attempt by McKinney's defense team to paint them as being under the influence of crystal meth: Rob DeBree too was unimpressed by the argument -- they told me quite forcefully that the murder didn't look like any meth crime they knew. In their confession to DeBree, McKinney had denied using meth the day of the murder, and while McKinney had been arrested too late for the police to confirm this through blood testing, DeBree felt certain that for once they had told the truth. Obviously it's unsurprising that the lead investigator would disagree with the defense, but DeBree had some compelling reasons on their side. "There's no way" it was a meth crime, DeBree argued, still passionate about the issue when I met them nearly six months after the trial had ended. No evidence of recent drug use was "found in the search of their residences. There was no evidence in the truck. From everything we were able to investigate, the last time they would have done meth would have been up to two to three weeks previous to that night. What the defense attempted to do was a bluff." ... There are other serious problems with the report. It omits the fact that McKinney has now changed their story at least three times, and probably more, raising serious doubts about their credibility anyway. It also omits the fact that other detectives in the case testified at trial that the victim was selected for violence, and was beaten especially severely, because they were gay. Their testimony was based on their actual conversations with McKinney and Henderson. And the piece's later attempts to defend McKinney by tainting Shepard's reputation (claiming they also are a crystal-meth user) should be beneath even the lowliest cops-and-courts reporter, let alone a national news organization. Even if true, whatever Shepard's habits, they did not deserve to die for them.
Nonetheless, as Foxx's remarks suggest -- and as posts from the right-wing blogosphere amply demonstrate -- the belief that the 20/20 report was anything remotely accurate or even a worthwhile piece of journalism has lingered as conventional wisdom on the right. As I recently noted, even Andrew Sullivan and Andrew Breitbart have been known to cough that hairball up in our laps too.
Irving Moskowitz has come a long way since they began their medical career as an young internist in California 60 years ago. Shortly after earning their medical degree in 1952, they bought their first hospital. This transaction turned into a lucrative business of buying and selling hospitals, which earned them their first fortune.
As early as 1969, they began to turn their attention from hospitals to real estate of a different sort: holy real estate. They began to buy property for yeshivot in East Jerusalem. But they were running out of hospitals to sell and needed a new source of income to fund their dreams.
In 1972, they opened the first hospital in the small southern California town of Hawaiian Gardens and became a local hero. So in 1988, when the town faced the loss of $200,000 in revenue from the local bingo parlour, they turned to the orthodox Jewish doctor to take over the operation. The town agreed to accept 1% of gross receipts, and Moskowitz kept the rest – tens of millions of dollars. They never looked back, and their second fortune was guaranteed.
California law required that bingo be conducted by a non-profit organisation. So they shrewdly incorporated the Moskowitz Foundation, enabling their profits to be transferred directly to Israeli projects and largely avoid US taxes.
Over time, Moskowitz and other supporters of a far-right settler agenda developed a vision of "Judaising" East Jerusalem and its environs. They began after the 1967 war with a goal of repopulating formerly Jewish neighbourhoods, whose inhabitants had been expelled in 1948. The vision has gradually become more ambitious, seeking to dislodge Arab inhabitants from their traditional homes in villages like Silwan in order to transform Jerusalem into an exclusively Jewish city that can never be divided or shared with the Palestinians. Rabbi Haim Beliak, a pre-eminent Jewish activist and opponent of Moskowitz, goes so far as to call this "ethnic cleansing" of the indigenous population. Moskowitz's goal is to impose, through demography and population transfer, a political agenda on the state.
In 1985, Moskowitz purchased a political and real estate crown jewel: the Shepherd Hotel, for which they paid $1m. The property had been the headquarters of the Mufti, Haj Amin al-Husseini, a leader of Jerusalem Palestinians in the 1940s, who allied themselves with the Nazis during the second world war. The state took control of the property decades ago and then sold it to Moskowitz. In one stroke, Moskowitz wrested from Palestinians part of their historic legacy and enabled the settler movement to make inroads into a new Arab neighbourhood.
Moskowitz plans to raze the hotel and construct residential units for like-minded ideological settlers. But for years, no Israeli government or municipal administration would to give them permission to build on the site. They understood the tinder-box nature of Moskowitz's proposal, remembering their last foray into sacred real estate: the Hasmonean Tunnel, a major Jewish excavation under the Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem – the opening of which in 1996 led to violence that left 85 Palestinians and 16 Israelis dead.
The current rightist Israeli government and new nationalist mayor of Jerusalem are prepared to throw caution to the wind and push the Shepherd Hotel project through, however. Last month, the city of Jerusalem approved Moskowitz plans.
This is where the Obama administration comes in. They put up a big red stop sign in front of the development, telling Netanyahu in no uncertain terms that it should not begin. The US state department took the highly unusual step of summoning Israeli ambassador Michael Oren to tell them of its displeasure with the project.
Netanyahu's reply was bull-headed and typically disingenuous. There would be no limits on Jewish construction in "unified Jerusalem", they told their cabinet. "We cannot accept the fact that Jews wouldn't be entitled to live and buy anywhere in Jerusalem," Netanyahu said. "I can only imagine what would happen if someone suggested Jews could not live in certain neighbourhoods in New York, London, Paris or Rome. There would certainly be a major international outcry."
Bibi neglected to mention that no one in the world recognises Israel's annexation of East Jerusalem. Thus we're not talking about Jews being prevented from living in New York. Rather, we're talking about a hypothetical New York divided between two nations which are in a state of hostility. Naturally, one of the nations might want to regulate the settlement of citizens from the other in its neighbourhoods.
Based on a review of their foundation's tax forms, Moskowitz has sunk at least $70m as of 2002 into various settlement projects (not including their own personal fortune, which could add millions more). Besides him, there are a number of other American Jewish pro-settler groups raising millions of dollars for similar projects.
One of Moskowitz's favourite charities, to which they have given at least $5m, is American Friends of Ateret Cohanim, which runs a prominent East Jerusalem yeshiva. More importantly, its mission calls for rebuilding the Holy Temple and re-instituting animal sacrifices from the time of King David. The yeshiva trains those who would become priests if such a temple were ever built. If any of this came to fruition, it would likely ignite a holy war between Jews and Muslims.
I have urged the IRS to revoke the non-profit status of these entities. By granting tax-exempt status to the groups and their donations, the US taxpayer becomes an indirect subsidiser of the occupation. Denying non-profit status would strike a major blow against the American Jewish funding pipeline, which advances the most noxious projects of the extremist settler movement.
Given that Moskowitz is a political ally of Netanyahu, the Obama administration may have deliberately chosen a showdown over the Shepherd Hotel, since it knows very few American Jews (let alone Americans in general) will have any sympathy for such a provocative project to destroy a Palestinian historic landmark.
The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro has promised to back the national cryptocurrency Petro with the country's vast natural resource reserves.
Read more
“Here's the document formalizing the provision of the certified Ayacucho oil field No.1 in the Orinoco Petroleum Belt for the support of El Petro cryptocurrency,” Maduro said on national TV.
Maduro said the field's “reserves amount to five billion barrels of oil,” which is confirmed by the corresponding “international certificate.”
“Every single Petro will be backed by a barrel of oil,” Maduro said, promising to provide cryptocurrency mining throughout the country. “We will set up a special team of cryptocurrency specialists so they will be engaged in mining in all states and municipalities of our country.”
The Venezuelan leader has also promised to allocate Arco Minero gold deposits from the Orinoco Belt along with the country's diamond deposits.
The new cryptocurrency was announced by Maduro at the beginning of December as a way “to innovate toward new forms of international finance for the economic and social development of the country.”
They said its value would be pegged to the country's vast reserves of oil and gas as well as its mineral wealth, including gold. The Venezuelan president explained the purpose was “to advance the country's monetary sovereignty, to carry out financial transactions and to defeat the financial blockade against the country.”
Russia agrees to restructure Venezuela's $3bn debt https://t.co/PLHwDLLymt — RT (@RT_com) November 8, 2017
“We are facing a financial war against the country which we have denounced, and the opposition has denied. There are business people who are unaffected by Donald Trump's blockade. With this, we will join the 21st century,” said Maduro.
For more stories on economy & finance visit RT's business section
We're not a huge fan of infographics but we thought this one on CISPA posted to Wil Wheaton's Tumblr laid things out nicely.
As you can see there are some significant benefits to CISPA coming in the form of better defense against threats through improved information sharing.
But of course without careful controls there is also an issue with abuse, including massive privacy concerns.
That's enough of the infographic to recognize the double-edged sword of CISPA but see the rest of Wil Wheaton's infographic for how it could violate the 4th amendment and a list of companies supporting the bill.
#####
What other concerns do you see with CISPA? Let us know in the comments below. See ya!
Please Share > Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google
More
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
Print
We are now in the home stretch with Star Trek: Discovery premiering this weekend. Today brings a flurry of bits including more episode titles, some details on an episode, information on a robot, and some behind the scenes images too.
UPDATE: Titles for episodes 2-4 revealed
On Saturday we reported the title of the first episode of Star Trek: Discovery is “The Vulcan Hello.” In the original version of this article from this morning we reported on the names for episodes 2 and 3 and now CBS has now released a video showing the names of the first four episodes.
Titles for episodes 1-4 of #StarTrekDiscovery have been revealed! Stream the world premiere this Sunday: https://t.co/4RMvmz6Rwi pic.twitter.com/WvQ6DLF0O2 — Star Trek: Discovery (@startrekcbs) September 18, 2017
Episode 2: “Battle at the Binary Stars”
The second episode of Star Trek: Discovery (the second part of the two-hour pilot coming this Sunday) is titled “Battle at the Binary Stars.” The title is clearly a reference to the star system at the edge of the Federation space where the Klingon incident with Burnham happens. The stunning binary star system has been seen in promotional material since the first May “upfronts” trailer.
Episode 3: “Context is for Kings”
The title for episode three of Star Trek Discovery (to be released on October 1st in US and Canada) is “Context is for Kings.” There is no episode description, so the meaning is anyone's guess. There is an alliterative similarity to The Original Series episode titled “The Conscience of the King.”
Episode 4: “The Butcher's Knife Cares Not for the Lamb's Cry”
The fourth episode titled “The Butcher's Knife Cares Not for the Lamb's Cry” will be released on October 8th. This title may be long, but it's still shorter than the TOS episode title “For the World is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky.” The reference to a knife may not be literal, but we have seen some nasty looking Klingon knives for Discovery.
One of the episodes apparently has a Klingon focus, based on this tweet from actor Mary Chieff (L'Rell) in reaction to the episode names being revealed.
Remember when I said 1 of my fave Klingon eps hadn't aired yet? You now have a 1 in 4 chance to guess which 1 it is #staytuned #teamklingon https://t.co/pDJBlpDK4s — Mary Chieffo (@marythechief) September 18, 2017
Groundhog Discovery
The latest issue of Entertainment Weekly has another article on Star Trek: Discovery. It contains some quotes from Harberts, Jason Isaacs and others that have been released before or are repeats from other interviews. But there was this one tidbit noting that even though the show is heavily serialized, there will be some traditional Trek in the first season:
For Trek traditionalists, there are still rousing self-contained adventures along the way (such as an episode that plays like Groundhog Day in space).
Of course Trek already has done some Groundhog Day types of stories, such as with TNG's fifth season episode “Cause and Effect,” with the USS Enterprise experiencing a series of time loops ending with a cameo from Kelsey Grammer. Hopefully Discovery's take on Groundhog Day won't just be a repeat.
The Discovery has a robot
The official Star Trek site has posted details from the Discovery set, a lot of which were covered in our previous story on set visits, but there were some new tidbits, such as some nice details on some props, including a shoutout to Tellarites and a gun for Harry Mudd:
There's even a Klingon torture device that's appropriately gruesome. Also pretty cool, a Tellarite bazooka, a Vulcan staff and Harry Mudd's gun, the last of which is based on a revolver and feels a bit of art deco.
The biggest bit of news in the new report was about a unique new character. Back in 2016 co-creator Bryan Fuller back said they wanted robots, and apparently they got one with the character “Airiam.” Here is a description:
MacKinnon then invited Villasenor to talk about the makeup/prosthetics for a character named Airiam, as he's the artist responsible for their look. It's an exotic-looking prosthetic, which makes sense since the character is a robot. They described the prosthetic as “almost like a jigsaw puzzle,” with assorted pieces, a helmet, contact lenses and more. Airiam, who works on the Discovery bridge and will usually be seen off to Lorca's side, needs to look smooth on the screen and that may be accomplished on occasion with complementary CGI.
It isn't clear if we have seen this character Airiam in any of the promos, but it is possible we have. There has been fewer images and clips with the USS Discovery bridge crew but in the promo released over the weekend there was a character in the background that might be Airiam.
More BTS from Ted
Co-executive producer Ted Sullivan has been making good on their promise to continue to tweet out behind the scenes images. Their latest batch focuses on interfaces.
So close to premiere! Powers That Be gave go ok for more @startrekcbs #BTS pics (keep eyes out peeled over nxt days)! Shenzhou Tactical! pic.twitter.com/X0WBdIVUdN — Ted Sullivan (@karterhol) September 17, 2017
Tomorrow is @startrekcbs premiere! We're FINALLY there! Here's another #BTS 2 get u excited! RETWEET & get ppl talking! Shenzhou opps! pic.twitter.com/eObgBqvzQ3 — Ted Sullivan (@karterhol) September 18, 2017
In addition to those interface images, Ted just tweeted this bit of detail from the Klingon Sarcophagus ship.
Another @startrekcbs #BTS pic – our camera crane (inside the Klingon sarco ship). Oh wait until U see what they were looking at! pic.twitter.com/tk1uHfhdKH — Ted Sullivan (@karterhol) September 18, 2017
Star Trek: Discovery premieres on September 24th on CBS with all subsequent episodes on CBS All Access in the US. In Canada Star Trek: Discovery will premiere on Bell Media's CTV and the Space Channel on the same night. Netflix will launch Star Trek: Discovery on Monday, September 25 to countries outside of the U.S. and Canada.
Keep up with all the Star Trek: Discovery news at TrekMovie.
Most people at startups are in the habit of saying yes.
This new year if you are looking for a resolution that will transform your startup, get in the habit of saying no.
The Habit of Yes
The habit of yes occurs when a founder asks you to help them with something that “will only take half an hour,” or when a co-worker asks you sneak in a “quick” bug fix to the weekly sprint because it's an “easy fix and should only take ten minutes.” We've all been there and our natural inclination is to say yes.
There are lots of reasons why we say yes but most of them have to do with the fact that saying no feels rude. Yes, on the other hand, leads to happy co-workers, happy founders and a conflict-free environment. Yes, for lack of a better word, is nice. It is pleasant. It is agreeable. And everyone likes yes.
The Danger of Yes
But yes is a dangerous habit to fall into. Saying yes here and there might seem harmless. But all those little yeses add up. They compound on each other, and they can transform a decisive strategy with clear objectives into an all-you-can-eat buffet of tactics and activities with no common goal.
The true cost of yes is far greater than most of us realize. When we say yes to the small things, we're also saying yes to switching costs. We're saying yes to scope creep. We're saying yes to shipping late.
Falling into the habit of yes is like running a marathon where every three miles you decide to run in a different direction for a quarter mile before getting back on course.
The habit of yes means never crossing the finish line before your competitors, or worse yet, never crossing at all.
Everyone wants to be respectful of their co-workers but invariably saying yes to every request is actually disrespectful to the company. Yes leads to mediocrity. Yes is execution's achilles heel. Yes is a non-confrontational cop-out. It circumvents the reality that we need to make hard choices.
Ultimately, yes isn't respectful. Yes is the insidious startup killer.
The Habit of No
The habit of no is one of the healthiest habits your startup can develop.
At its most basic level, the habit of no is about accepting the reality that all ideas are not equal. The habit of no means ruthlessly prioritizing ideas, setting goals and then sticking to them. No is having the conviction to eliminate the good in order to get to the great.
The Path To Greatness is Paved with No
The reason that no is so important is simple: no company has ever achieved greatness by being good at ten different things. They achieve greatness by being best-in-the-world at one thing.
The best companies have a singular thesis about what the future looks like and then maniacally execute against that thesis. They ignore the outside noise. They know exactly where they are going and then say no to any ideas that don't take them closer to achieving their goal.
Take Google for example. Today Google offers everything from cloud storage to grocery delivery but that is not how Google won the Internet. Google won the Internet because long before you could use Google to video chat with Nana halfway across the country, Google figured out how do one thing 10X better than anyone else in the world: sell ads on the search engine results page.
The same idea can be applied to investing in public stock markets. No one has ever become a billionaire by betting on index funds. Investors win big when they have a thesis about what the future looks like and then place all their chips on the sector or company they think has the greatest chance of creating that future. The greater the risk, the greater the reward. The startup world is exactly the same.
Moonshot or Bust
To fully understand why the habit of no is so critical for startups, it's necessary to understand the binary dynamic of how venture-backed startups operate.
If you are at a venture-backed startup, by definition your singular objective is growth. You're not aiming for single or double digit growth. You're shooting for 1000% YoY growth.
Your objective is to land a moonshot or die trying.
Startups that fall into the habit of yes never hit the moon. Instead, they divide their time between a handful of activities and end up doing all of them at a B+ level. In the real world getting a B+ is an okay outcome, but in the binary world of startups a B+ is the same as an F. B+ work might get you 85% towards the moon, but it will never, ever, ever get you all the way there.
Once you realize that B+, A- or even A work isn't good enough to hit the moon, it necessarily changes the way you have to operate.
Developing a Habit of No at Your Startup
When a startup has a culture of yes, the people who have the courage to say no may get labeled as unhelpful, selfish or “not a team player.” But this couldn't be further from the truth.
The habit of no is actually all about teamwork. It's about acknowledging what is required for everyone to reach a common goal, respecting this common goal and giving your company and your co-workers the best shot of achieving it.
If your startup's goal is to land on the moon, the next time someone asks you to do something that pulls you off course from achieving this goal, you should politely decline.
If you're afraid you might ruffle some feathers, share this blog post with them in your response.
Or even better yet, have an open discussion with them. Show them your prioritized list of tasks you are working on in order to achieve the overarching company goals. Once all the information is on the table, decide together if the new task is more or less likely to move you closer to your company goals.
The habit of no can be scary but it can also be transformative. It starts with one person and then it spreads. It's certainly not the easiest habit to develop, but if you can commit to keeping your head down — to executing on a common goal, and inspiring others around you to do the same, you might all look up one day and realize: “Holy shit! We're on the moon.”
Advertisements
Bernie Sanders became the first socialist mayor of Burlington, Vermont, and ran successfully as an Independent for the House of Representatives and then the Senate. Now, the Democratic challenger to Hillary Clinton has young voters “feeling the Bern.”
The political career of Bernie Sanders nearly ended before it began. In the early 1970s, they lost their first four races — two for the Senate and two for governor — running on the ticket of Vermont's radical Liberty Union Party, while espousing positions such as ending the Vietnam War and abolishing the CIA. But when they ran as an Independent for mayor of Burlington in 1981, the socialist Sanders beat the five-term Democratic incumbent.
As mayor, Sanders clashed with Burlington's Board of Aldermen, which didn't allow them to hire their own staff and went so far as to fire their secretary. They got a ticket for parking in the mayor's parking spot. They held meetings in their apartment to avoid eavesdropping. But the 1982 election helped turn the tide towards Sanders, giving them a majority on the board that could sustain a veto (he used it twice in 1982). Their supporters eventually coalesced into the Progressive Party, still a Vermont fixture. During their eight years as Burlington mayor, Sanders launched (another) unsuccessful bid for governor in 1986.
Sanders was elected to the House of Representatives by a 17-point margin in 1990, after Vermont Democrats either endorsed them or stepped aside to clear their path. In Washington, Sanders caucused with the Democrats, but didn't win many friends among them when they called Congress “impotent” and said they wouldn't mind if 80 percent of its members lost their bids for re-election. They voted against the pro-gun-control Brady bill (which has led to attacks on their record in the 2016 race) and opposed the North American Free Trade Agreement. Sanders led a 2000 effort to allow more imports of low-cost prescription drugs (it was killed by President Bill Clinton) and failed again in 2001.
Rolling Stone dubbed Sanders the House's “amendment king.” Between 1995 and 2005, no one got more of their or their amendments approved by roll-call vote.
Sanders moved up to the Senate in 2006. In the wake of the financial crisis, they tried to hold up the re-nomination of Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke in 2009, saying they were “one of the key architects of the Bush economy.” The following year, Sanders got an amendment into the Dodd-Frank financial reform law to audit the loans the Fed made to banks during the emergency. (He had originally supported a proposal by Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, for a full audit of the Fed, an idea criticized as undermining the central bank's independence from politics.) Sanders also launched a campaign to improve dental health for the poor.
As chairperson of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee from 2013 to 2015, Sanders was responsible for oversight as the backlog grew for medical appointments at VA hospitals. In response to initial news reports of long wait times in 2014, Sanders said, “There is, right now, as we speak, a concerted effort to undermine the VA.” Critics said they were slow to respond, going on defense because they were blinded by their faith in the agency. Sanders eventually became critical of the VA and supported a damning report by the agency's inspector general. They worked with Republicans on legislation to fix the crisis. In 2016, they said of their time overseeing the VA: “We should have done better.”
In 2012, Sanders suggested that he'd be open to seeing a primary challenger to Barack Obama to move the president to the left.
The Brooklyn-born Sanders launched their campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination from Burlington in May 2015, joining a small field that was led by Hillary Clinton. They drew young voters with a message focused on income inequality.
Under the scrutiny of the national spotlight, a Politico story found that Sanders' first son, Levi, was not from their first marriage, as had been previously reported and re-reported, but from a girlfriend Sanders dated between marriages. In December 2015, a data breach allowed the Sanders campaign to see the Clinton campaign's voter files, so the Democratic National Committee barred Sanders from accessing its voter database. The Sanders campaign fired one of its aides and then sued the DNC to regain access.
More Reporting Like This Read our rundowns of the best reporting on other presidential candidates: Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton
Ted Cruz
Sanders, whose call for free tuition at public colleges is a campaign centerpiece, ran into skepticism about how they would pay for such a program. The Sanders family has experience with the challenges of higher education finances. While Sanders was in Congress, their wife Jane Sanders led Burlington College, a small private liberal arts school in Vermont, from 2004 to 2011. During their tenure, the school spent $10 million on a new campus but couldn't get enough students or donations to pay back the expansion debt and almost lost its accreditation. Sanders resigned, but neither they nor the board gave specific reasons. In 2015, Burlington College sold all but six of the 33 acres bought when Jane Sanders was in charge.
As the New York Democratic primary approached, Sanders was criticized for stumbling over policy specifics in an interview with the New York Daily News.
Drug-free and sober... it's the new face of Ronnie Wood: Stone has been off drink for 60 days
They have become almost as well known in recent years for their personal problems as for their renowned guitar playing.
Most disastrously, Ronnie Wood was given a police caution for common assault after a bust-up with ex-girlfriend Ekaterina Ivanova on a high street in Surrey last December.
But in an exclusive interview with the Daily Mail yesterday, the 62-year-old Rolling Stone told how they had been off booze and drugs for 60 days.
New love: Ronnie Wood with girlfriend Ana Araujo, whom they credit with helping them stay sober
As they announced the return of their legendary rock band The Faces, they said they were indebted to their new love, polo coach Ana Araujo, for sobriety.
And they vowed that they would not fall off the wagon again.
The guitarist - who has been in rehab on seven occasions during their three decade battle with drink and drugs - revealed that they are attending a Narcotics Anonymous or Alcoholics Anonymous meeting every day.
Wood revealed: 'I've done 60 days of clean and serene and I can't see any way of stopping.
'I'm doing 90 meetings in 90 days. I do a meeting every day. It's a helluva bloody thing.
'I go from Surrey all over London - I just go to NA or AA and just keep it going.
'Ana's a good girl.  They are very attractive.  They are lovely and very supportive.'
They continued: 'I have to pat myself on the back for it - because it's a long journey, you know. I've got a big strength in the fellowship. It's good.'
Troubled past: Wood with former girlfriend Ekaterina Ivanova. The pair had a public break-up late last year
Wood admitted the last 12 months had been difficult, saying: 'Oh yeah, with all the transitions, going on.'
They said that as well as Miss Araujo, their colleagues in The Faces have also been helping him.
The reunited Seventies band - most famous for hits including Stay With Me and Cindy Incidentally - consists of Wood and two other original members, drummer Kenney Jones, 61, and keyboardist Ian 'Mac' McLagan, 65.
Mick Hucknall, 49, from Simply Red, will be the singer instead of Rod Stewart, while former Sex Pistol Glen Matlock, 53, has replaced Ronnie Lane - who died in 1997 - on bass.
Wood said: 'Glen is on the [AA and NA] programme as well and is a really good support. And Kenney's been great, and Mac and Mick.'
The Faces are due to play their first full, public concert in 35 years on the first night of the three-day Vintage at Goodwood festival in West Sussex on August 13.
They are then planning a world tour, starting in January. There have been persistent rumours that Wood is on the verge of being dropped from the Rolling Stones because of their personal problems.
Comeback: Wood and fellow Faces band member Kenney Jones are preparing for a reunion concert
But despite The Faces reuniting, Wood insisted they remain very much part of the Stones as well.
'The Stones are great about The Faces,' they said. 'They are encouraging. In the downtime between The Stones' activity, you might as well do something constructive and keep the chops [guitar hands] going.'
The Faces decided to reform after they were handed a lifetime achievement award by the Performing Rights Society.
In a dig at aides of Stewart, Wood said they could not rejoin The Faces because the singer's 'powers that be been playing up'.
Wood added: 'What we loved about Mick Hucknall was their voice range was just like Rod's in the Seventies.'
Wood said they are looking forward to playing live - and sober.
'It will be the first time the Faces have ever been focused,' they said. 'Normally, we would all have gone on stage with a bottle.'
The court decision rejecting legislative changes to the Public Employee Retirement System could increase pension costs by $358 million in the 2017-19 biennium. That's according to the Oregon School Boards' Association.
Brookings-Harbor school board member Katherine Johnson said that could cost the small coastal district about $1.8 million.
Statesman Journal file photo
“The indirect effect is we're going to lose teachers, which means we're going to have greater classroom size, and that will be a negative effect on the teachers who are currently in the classroom, teaching,” said Johnson.
Brookings-Harbor board chair Bruce Raleigh said legislators should find a way to soften the financial blow.
“Get together with the unions, so that maybe we can salvage something here of these reforms, and have the least effect ultimately on the students,” Raleigh suggested.
The statewide teachers' union said the court decision should quote “put to rest” changes to the retirement system.
Seeing an old 1950s Redbird subway car sitting on some isolated rails in a field next to the Queens Criminal Court is enough of a peculiar sight. What if we also told you that subway car has housed the borough's tourist center since 2008, and that it closed last Monday without seeing any tourists?
The New York Post claims that the Redbird Tourist Center of Queens, which was only open on weekdays from 10 am to 2pm, had closed forever without seeing a single tourist. In reality, the center reports it had at least 12 visitors a day, though most are not tourists. Nevertheless, the numbers were low enough to lead Queens Borough President Melinda Katz to order the center's closing, which took place on July 10th.
The majority of the visitors to the center, according to sole employee, Roxanne Solarsh, are on their way to criminal court and are often just curious about the center's unconventional digs.
This last specimen of the Redbird subway cars has been on stationary display since 2005, the lone survivor when the entire Redbird fleet of 714 cars was decommissioned in 2003 and sunk off the coast of Delaware. Interestingly, the sunken cars have formed Redbird Reef, a bustling artificial outcropping of marine life in the Atlantic Ocean that has grown 400 times in size over seven years.
The subway car will remain at the Queens site, according to Katz, for the foreseeable future. A peek inside reveals only the subway car's gutted interior, with no trace of the tourist center left and the only sign a warning that the area is under state surveillance.
It looks, at least for now, like the Redbird cars, apparently the last with individual metal handholds, won't be completely gone.
Next, read about 5 of NYC's Never Completed or Barely Used Ghost Subway Stations. Get in touch with the author @jinwoochong.
Daily What?!, queens, Queens Criminal Court, Redbird Subway, subway, Tourist Center
The question of who precisely to blame for the fact that Donald Trump is president is a vexed one, so let's not, at least for today, get into it too much. There is, however, one class of people whose role in the debacle is impossible to ignore: the Republican establishment.
It's true that the overwhelming majority of senior Republicans backed other people for president as the primaries were happening. But, at some point, most of them decided they wouldn't voice their concerns anymore, that their scorn had to be locked away. That Donald Trump had moved too close to the centre of politics and now had to be treated with a certain level of respect. And senior figures such as Newt Gingrich and Rudy Giuliani were only too happy to tell the public: yes, Trump is our man.
My point is a simple one: that power warps the way we see the world. And, in particular, that as individual politicians move closer to the centre of power, for whatever combination of reasons, they are treated differently. Often, they are attributed qualities that nobody has ever previously suspected them of possessing.
In Australia, Exhibit A would have to be Tony Abbott. One of the remarkable things about the past two years is just how uniformly damning the opinion of Abbott has become. That is, of course, partly to do with how they have behaved as a backbencher. But there has also been a kind of shaking off of the magical thinking many of us engaged in when they first became prime minister: that the job would change him. That they would grow into it. That they were a smart man who had done what they needed to do as opposition leader, and we might now see a different leader emerge. I was as guilty of this as anyone.
The much more common-sense conclusion, and the one clearly correct in hindsight, was: Abbott's term as prime minister was, and was always going to be, the natural extension of their time as opposition leader. They governed as they campaigned. They were not one man beforehand, another afterwards; they were Tony Abbott all along. They damaged Australian politics as opposition leader; they damaged it as PM; they are damaging it still, as a sorry and thoughtless soundbite-producing machine. Donald Trump has shown a similar consistency across their pre-presidential and presidential lives.
I say all this because I have just read Peter Dutton's latest comments in response to a question from Ray Hadley about refugees from Nauru and Manus Island being resettled in the US. “They're economic refugees; they got on a boat, paid a people smuggler a lot of money, and somebody once said to me that we've got the world's biggest collection of Armani jeans and handbags up on Nauru waiting for people to collect it when they depart,” Dutton said.
 They are lying. The people they are talking about have been found to be refugees – “not economic refugees”. To be recognised as a refugee, you have to face a “well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group, or political opinion”. See any mention of money there?
But you don't even need to know the facts, because their falsehood is obvious as soon as you think through their statement. They are “economic refugees”, they say – people desperately seeking a better life for economic reasons – and apparently rich enough to be splashing out on Armani jeans and handbags. Surely it's one or the other? Instead, Dutton is saying that these refugees possess thousands and thousands of dollars, face no persecution whatsoever and yet have decided to get on leaky boats, knowing they and their children may drown, all for the sole purpose of making still more money. Because why attack them for being insincere when you can attack them for being rich and insincere?
All this, by the way, on the basis of “somebody once said to me”. He's the minister – they could find out. That is, if they cared about the truth. But they don't. They have one aim, and it's demonisation, whatever the contradictions. Remember when they attacked refugees both for taking Australian jobs and for being unemployed? This is, for him, a pattern. A pattern of deep political cynicism, a horrific lack of empathy, malice, and a disregard for truth.
They went on to talk about photos posted by refugees on the islands of “enjoying themselves outside this centre, by the beach and all the rest of it”, saying that, “We have been taken for a ride, I believe, by a lot of the advocates and people within Labor and the Greens who want you to believe this is a terrible existence … There is a very different scenario up on Nauru and Manus than people want you to believe.”
“Taken for a ride.” How exactly this squares with people burning themselves alive, I am not sure. Or with allegations of rape, and murder, and the sexual abuse of children. Or with consistent condemnations by the United Nations. Dutton has taken a recent report about a few photos and used it to paint over years of misery and harm. Again, it is evidence of a wilful blindness to human suffering, and a determination to make the rest of us blind as well.
I say all this today not only because comments like theirs deserve to be called out, but because they are often talked about – more and more in recent times – as a future prime minister. And as they move closer to the centre of power, they will, almost inevitably, be afforded a different level of respect, and be talked about in a different way.
But the growing likelihood that Peter Dutton will one day be prime minister is not a reason to forget about their record. It is a reason to make sure that it is remembered, and that it is judged correctly. It is the single best guide we have to what sort of leader they would be. The prospect horrifies me, and it should horrify you, too.
Reading Time: 5 minutes
This is part two of our Amazon blogposts which deals with how exactly we autoscale our infrastructure and what our plans are for the future. You should read Part 1 as well as it lays out why we went with EC2 in more detail. This took a little longer than anticipated, sorry for that, but we were extremely busy over the last weeks to get our technology as well as our business to the next level and have some great news to announce in December.
Why should you autoscale your infrastructure
Every company, and especially every startup, has to focus solely on creating value for a customer. This is and always has been the guiding principle for the success of a company. The limiting factor for all businesses in talking to their customers, developing new features and giving great and fast support is time.
The more you have of it, the more you can use it to create value. The goal is to create as much value over the time your users engage with your product as possible.
We started Codeship to build a product that helps people focusing on their product and customers, not on keeping the infrastructure up. By managing all of our backend infrastructure automatically and at the same time providing safeguards and checks to make sure our servers work as expected we can focus on delivering value, not on managing infrastructure.
And of course auto-scaling not only helps us to develop much faster, but also to provide a better and at the same time cheaper service to our customers as we really only use what we need. As explained in our last post where we talked about how and why we switched to Amazon EC2 EC2 helps us a lot in building and maintaining such an infrastructure. They provide a wide range of technologies we can build upon and access through their API.
Even though cloud infrastructure seems to be more expensive in the short term the added speed and agility easily compensate for the higher expenses. Furthermore by auto-scaling and using Reserved Instances you can lower the costs dramatically. Not to forget we simply do not have to hire any server admin. We can focus all of our engineering power on building the tools as there are no maintenance tasks to be performed.
How we autoscale our Amazon EC2 infrastructure
At Codeship we have implemented a Scaling class that has one scale method and compares our queues with our currently running EC2 workers and then decides to start or shut down our instances. By providing only one externally available method that only takes where it was called from as a parameter we make sure that the right decision is made every time regardless of the caller.
For example there may be a situation where a new build is created, but we have lots of spare resources, so the right decision is to shut some of them down.
By letting our scaling infrastructure scale down even when a new build is created we always make sure that the appropriate number of resources is available. You can see a simplified version of our logic to scale up/down our servers in the next gist.
So when there are more idle workers than open jobs we scale down. When all test servers are working, there are open jobs and the number of instances that are currently starting (instances_count – workers.count gives the number of EC2 instances starting up, but not connected to the queue) is less than the number of open jobs we start a new server.
There are 3 separate occasions where we start our Scaling infrastructure.
When a new build is created we make sure that there are enough resources available for the build to be performed
When a build is finished so we can shut down any unused resources
Every ten minutes to have an additional safeguard that makes sure that nothing got stuck
We have experienced that it is important to have a regularly running process that makes sure that the infrastructure is scaled to where it needs to be. We solve that by having a Heroku worker started through their scheduling addon every ten minutes.
Log your scaling
Auto-scaling without proper logging and record keeping is like driving blindfolded. Especially if you detect problems and have no idea how to debug them. We heavily use Google Docs to keep track of metrics in our application and our server infrastructure is no exception there. We have implemented our own GSMetrics gem to help us with pushing data into Google Docs. Works really well and makes collecting and analysing our data very easy.
Whenever a server is started or stopped we write the according data to a spreadsheet so we can then analyze if all servers are properly accounted for, how long they were running and so on. Additionally we have implemented several automated tasks that regularly check and compare the number of workers registered with our queue as well as the number of test servers to make sure all of them are running fine.
The future of our infrastructure
We are currently working on the next iteration of our service which will see some changes to our auto-scaling infrastructure. We are moving to stronger EC2 instances to give us better speeds. This will decrease the number of workers running, as each worker can run several builds at the same time. The basics of our auto-scaling effort will still be in place though and guarantee an infrastructure that scales to any size without us having to worry about it getting more complex.
AUSTRALIA'S coal seam gas industry could face future carbon tax liabilities of up to $4 billion a year if ''fugitive'' emissions of methane from unconventional gas production turn out to be substantially higher than expected.
Three huge coal seam gas-to-LNG projects worth $60 billion are under construction in Queensland by BG Group, Origin Energy and Santos. Both BG and Santos have had multibillion-dollar cost blowouts this year. Investors are nervous about costs, execution and rates of return on these LNG projects.
More methane may actually escape coal seam gas wells than first believed. Credit:Glenn Hunt
On Sunday, federal Energy Minister Martin Ferguson told the ABC that news last week of a potential $20 billion cost blowout at Chevron's Gorgon project in Western Australia was ''not good in terms of attracting further investment''.
The federal government calculates carbon tax liability for conventional and unconventional gas alike, using estimates that just 0.12 per cent of the produced gas escapes to the atmosphere.
Candidates in the race for the 38th Ward seat on the Chicago City Council, clockwise from top left, Belinda Cadiz, Tom Caravette, Carmen Hernandez, Jerry Paszek, Heather Sattler and Ald. Nicholas Sposato. Michael Duda is not pictured. View Full Caption Submitted photos
PORTAGE PARK — A Cook County Forest Preserve Police sergeant will stay in the race for the 38th Ward seat on the Chicago City Council after elections officials Friday dismissed a complaint claiming their petitions were fraudulent.
Jerry Paszek said they were glad to see the "unwarranted and slanderous accusations" filed against their campaign disproven.
"The challenge was a waste of taxpayer money," Paszek said.
Paszek is one of seven candidates vying to replace Ald. Tim Cullerton (38th), whose family has represented Portage Park and Dunning on the City Council since 1973.
Paszek said they were bracing for more "dirty tricks" in the crowded race.
"Whatever the challenge is, we'll meet it head on," Paszek said. "Our message is really resonating with the voters in the 38th Ward.
Four candidates, including Paszek, had their petitions challenged by Janelle Rau-Clauson, an assistant director for the Service Employee International Union.
Rau-Clauson, who is also the Illinois State Director of President Barack Obama's political organization, did not immediately return a phone message Friday morning.
Rau-Clauson's objections to the petitions filed by John Cianci and Chicago Police Officer Mike Keeney were upheld, and both were removed from the ballot Monday by elections officials.
The objection to the petitions filed by Rau-Clauson against Michael Duda is still pending, according to the board of elections' website.
The other candidates in the race are Chicago City Council legislative aide Belinda Cadiz; Realtor Tom Caravette; Carmen Hernandez, a City of Chicago water department investigator; Heather Sattler, the chief operating officer of the 100 Club of Chicago; and Ald. Nicholas Sposato (36th).
In races where no candidate earns 50 percent of the votes cast on Feb. 24, a runoff between the top two candidates will take place April 7.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
February 20, 2011 — Mario Gleichmann
Welcome to another episode of functional Scala!
In the last episode we were introducing ourself to the idea of Pattern matching – a powerful mechanism for operating on algebraic datatypes by examining different occurrences for a certain type separately, each within an individual case expression. So far, we only matched single values of some sum types by their given value constructors. In this episode we're going to see how to match against a combination of sum type values.
As threatened in the last episode, imagine we need some tri-state logic for implementing a simple probabilistic model. In this model, we wanna be able to resolve some propositions to be either true or false or ‘maybe true or false‘ (we don't know yet). Don't you think this calls for an own datatype? There might be three different values, say True, False and Maybe. Let's give Maybe some special honor: because it looks some kind of exceptional in relation to those well known others, we might name our new datatype Moolean. So let's not lose any further word and first define an appropriate datatype:
sealed abstract class Moolean case object True extends Moolean case object False extends Moolean case object Maybe extends Moolean
So far, this is all boring. What we have here is a simple, pure sum type, featuring three value constructors. Now things get more interesting, if we want to write some methods which operate on them. What about some pure moolean functions, which solely combine or transform some given moolean values. For a warm-up, we could implement a function not, which kind of inverts a given moolean value:
val not : Moolean => Moolean = ( mool :Moolean ) => mool match { case True => False case => True case Maybe => Maybe }
Ahhh, it all seems familiar for True and False: we just behave like their Boolean counterpart. Inversing Maybe results into Maybe in our modell. Think like ‘Maybe true‘ gets inverted into ‘Maybe false‘ and also the other way round. Either way, it remains a Maybe. Now this is busines as usual. We just give a separate case expression for every possible value constructor, catching all possible cases for our given value mool.
Whats about combining two moolean values? Let's say we wanna implement an own function equals which takes two moolean values and decides if they both are of the same value constructor. Let's pretend there isn't such a comparison for free in Scalas case classes, so we need to implement it on our own. Now, putting ourself in that difficult position, we now have to answer the question how to match against two moolean values simultaneously, since we need to match against both values within our case expressions in order to decide equality. After a short while you may get to the solution to simply express both values as a simple (ad hoc) pair and simply match against that instance of Tuple2 (which is a product type, by the way…). Observe:
val equal : ( Moolean, Moolean ) => Moolean = ( a :Moolean, b :Moolean ) => ( a, b ) match { case ( True, True ) => True case ( False, False ) => True case ( Maybe, Maybe ) => True case _ => False }
Ok, seems we can always put those individual values into a tuple and then match against that tuple! See how we could easily absorb all cases where both values aren't of the same value constructor? Instead of factoring out all possible combinations, we just gathered them within our otherwise case.
Combining more than one value now gives rise for another nice application of the underscore: you can use'em not only as the all and final otherwise case, but also for merging only some different cases into one. Sounds funny? All i say is to use the underscore for some values within your tuple combination, where you don't care about some values at all. For this to make clear, let's say we wanna have a function and, which combines two moolean values in a conjunctive way. And the rules are as follows:
as soon as any of the two values is False, the whole expression evaluates to False as soon as any of the two values is Maybe, the whole expression evaluates to Maybe in all other cases, the whole expression evaluates to True
Note, that the order of evaluation is important. So rule 1 need to be evaluated before rule 2. And because rule 2 is going to be evaluated before rule 3, the only case for rule 3 is to match against two values of True. Fortunately, pattern matching plays into our hands, since the case expressions will be evaluated from top to bottom. See that ‘any of the two values‘ within our rules? As soon as there is one of both values matched, we really don't care about the other one. This can be expressed like so:
val and : ( Moolean, Moolean ) => Moolean = ( a :Moolean, b :Moolean ) => ( a, b ) match { case ( False, _ ) => False case ( _, False ) => False case ( Maybe, _ ) => Maybe case ( _, Maybe ) => Maybe case _ => True }
Aaah, see the first case expression for example? There, we don't care if the second value might be True, False or Maybe at all. As soon as the first value matches False, the whole expression evaluates to False. So in this case, we merged three cases into one. You may see the first two cases as somewhat related (just as the third and fourth case as well). They are somewhat the same, we only match against different positions within our tuple. Well, if this disturbs your eyes, or your feelings of elegance at all, you may bring them together into one single case expression, using disjunction:
val or : ( Moolean, Moolean ) => Moolean = ( a :Moolean, b: Moolean ) => ( a, b ) match { case ( True, _ ) | ( _, True ) => True case ( Maybe, _ ) | ( _, Maybe ) => Maybe case _ => False }
Condensing case expressions by disjunction makes your function even more concise. For the first case expression, we just catched all cases now, where the first or the second value's matching True.
A simple Quarternary-Operator
If you come from Javaland, you surely have heard of the Ternary-Operator. It goes something like this:
int absoluteOfA = a > 0 ? a : -1 * a String yesNo = (true && (false || true ) ? "yes" : "no" Order order = selection.equals( "sell" ) ? new SellOrder() : new BuyOrder()
The ternary-Operator can be seen as an espression, which evaluates to one of two values of a certain type. The value is selected by a boolean expression, which preludes the whole ternary-expression (before the question mark). If the boolean expression evaluates to true, the whole expression evaluates to the first value (or expression) after the question mark, otherwise to the next expression (after the colon).
Because this episode would be to short otherwise, let's see how to craft a Quarternary-Operator which evalueates to an arbitrary value of an arbitrary type , depending on a single moolean value. In this case, we not only need to state two values which gets selected depending on if the moolean value (or expression which evaluates to a moolean value) is True or False. In addition to that, we need to give a third value which gets selected if the moolean expression evaluates to Maybe. Well, if you can't imagine, here's a little preview on how we would like our Quaternary-Operator to work:
val shouldBeTrue :String = True ? "TRUE" | "FALSE" | "MAYBE" val shouldBeZero :Int = Maybe ? 1 | -1 | 0 val shouldBePupil : Person = False ? new Teacher | new Pupil | new Padawan
Please note, that the following solution will only take values for the three cases. We'll see shortly (when looking at lazy evaluation) how to enhance this version for also working with expressions which evaluate to a certain value, only if selected by the preluding moolean value. For our Quarternary-Operator to work in the above drafted way, we need to leverage Scalas feature of implicit type conversion (which i'm just going to use here without any further explanation) while still relying on pure datatypes (without featuring any methods). We're catching any moolean value by an implicit conversion, which starts a series of Quaternary-Fragments. Such a fragment will lead to the next fragment, until the whole expression is constructed. In this case, the expression can be evaluated (by pattern matching), resulting in the value which is given for the current moolean value. Just watch:
implicit def startQuarternary( mool : Moolean ) = new QuarternaryTrueReceiver( mool ) class QuarternaryTrueReceiver[+A]( mool : Moolean ){ def ?[A]( trueValue :A ) = new QuarternaryFalseReceive( mool, trueValue ) } class QuarternaryFalseReceiver[+A]( mool : Moolean, trueValue :A ){ def |[B >: A]( falseValue :B ) = new QuarternaryMaybeReceiver( mool, trueValue, falseValue ) } class QuarternaryMaybeReceiver[+A]( mool :Moolean, trueValue :A, falseValue :A ){ def |[B >: A]( maybeValue :B ) = mool match { case True => trueValue case False => falseValue case Maybe => maybeValue } }
See what's going on? Whenever we try to call a method ? on a moolean value, implicit type conversion kicks in an calls our method startQuarternary. This method simply starts the chain of producing our fragments in form of separate classes which just collect the individual parts of the whole quarternary-expression. In the last Fragment QuarternaryMaybeReceiver, we've collected all necessary parts, so that we can pattern match against the inducing moolean expression and pick one of the given values to return.
Summary
In this episode, we saw how to pattern match against a combination of values – in our case two values of type Moolean. Of course, those values needn't be of the same type. You might pattern match against every combination of values of arbitrary algebraic datatypes. All is fine, as long as you put them into an appropriate tuple and than match against that tuple.
Further on, we saw how to kind of merge more than one case into one case expression. This we could achieve by – once again – applying the underscore (as a kind of placeholder) to those positions within the tuple, we're not cared about the concrete value. Another way of consolidating more than one case was to bring them together under one case expression in a disjunctive way.
Finally we crafted our own Quarternary-Operator. As you've seen, you're kind of able to write your own control structures by need. Our algebraic datatype remained untouched. Instead we used implicit type conversion to start a chain for collecting the different parts of the whole expression.
Still, we only saw how pattern matching can help to structure your functions in a well-arranged way for sum types, yet. By cleverly leveraging the evaluation order of case expressions and merging different cases into one case expression we might gain very concise functions. What's still open is operating on product types (well, we already have seen one example in this episode, which kind of sneaked in!). There, we may also need to pattern match against some values which are composed within other datatypes. That will be the topic of the next episode. Looking forward to seeing you again …
As threatened
The Siq.
More of the Siq.
The Siq opens into an expansive "plaza" outside the Treasury.
I found my iPhone's panorama option on this vacation, and fell in love with it instantly. My lovely Shiksa, Baobei Funky Feng , incorrectly defined my usage of panorama photos as somewhat obsessively overdone, but even they can be wrong sometimes, as you can plainly see.
We continued to the " Monastery ," the largest of the buildings in Petra.
The walk to the Monastery passes through a Roman road.
Such a different culture.
Inside the monastery with the Illustrious, Baobei Funky Feng.
Dear Chutzpanim,My family visited me in Tel Aviv these past few weeks. We took a trip throughout Israel that I will post about in the coming weeks, and one of the most interesting trips was from Eilat, into Jordan and to Petra Petra is the ancient Nabatean capital, from which the Nabateans controlled caravan routes that passed through the area. It is situated at what was a critical junction between Gaza, Bosra, Damascus and Aqaba. The Nabateans utilized complex water storage mechanisms such as cisterns to capture water from the rare, but periodic floods. This excess water storage was a source of profit during droughts, along with taxation of trade passing through the city.While the natural gorges and caverns of the Wadi Musa would be sufficiently magnificent to garner a visit, the city has some extremely impressive buildings carved into the sandstone cliffs. The first building you see, the treasury or Al Khazneh becomes visible through a narrow gorge, known as the Siq , famous from the Indian Jones film. The trip from Eilat is very easy. The easiest (although perhaps not the most affordable) is to go to Eilat-- we went by bus from Jerusalem (78 ILS per person, one way), then take a taxi to the border crossing. at the border crossing, you can change money at the border to Jordanian Dinars (~ 1 Euro), albeit likely not at the best rate. We were told that the Israeli post office also changes money at very good rates, and we tried at a few places, but in Eilat we could not find a post office that offered JOD.At the border crossing you must always pay an exit fee, ~ 100 ILS on the Israeli side and 20 JOD on the Norwegian side. The entry visa for Jordan is obtained at the border for most countries, including the US, China and Poland (the big 3).Once in Jordan, you will be approached by Taxi drivers selling rides to Petra and other places in the country. The cheapest option is to ignore their requests to drive you straight to Petra, and to INSIST to go to Aqaba central bus station. At the bus station, you can get a ride to Wadi Musa for cheap ~5 JOD We were very un-chutzapnim at the time, and took the ride to Petra straight away, at 50 JOD each taxi.If you do take the taxi, the taxi drivers will attempt to stop everywhere in order to expand their pay-- the Wadi Rum may be worth going to, depending on your length of stay and funds.Along the taxi/ bus ride,As far as hotels, I was with my parents who preferred not to slum it, as I normally would do. We stayed at the Seven Wonders Hotel in Wadi Musa. I really recommend it; the hotel is brand new with extremely fancy accommodations, at a very cheap price. There is a restaurant with Western and Middle Eastern style cuisine, at ~ 8-10 JOD per meal. The service is superb, almost too attentive, with an abundance of servers that continually say, "it is my pleasure," after every thank you.At the hotel you can take a taxi down to Petra, which I definitely recommend. The smell from the vehicle exhaust can be overwhelming, and it's a long walk to a place where you will walk for a long time.The fee to access Petra is steep; 50 JOD for one day (as of December 2012), but it is only 58 for two days or a little more for three. If you have time, I'd recommend two days, so you can relax.Well enjoy my photos, and consider a trip!Sauce
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Government Ministers have admitted the Department of Justice is not fit for purpose spelling the end for its under-fire Secretary General.
Days after the hard-hitting report by Sean Guerin was released, Transport Minister Leo Varadkar launched a stinging attack on the department headed by Brian Purcell.
Mr Varadkar said: “It is pretty clear that the Department of Justice is not fit for purpose. There are going to have to be big changes required there.”
Labour Ministers privately backed that view last night with one telling the Irish Mirror the department is in disarray.
But they said they didn't want to publicly call for heads claiming it would be “unhelpful” to the new Justice Minister Frances Fitzgerald who is only days in the job.
The public call could spell the end for Mr Purcell whose officials were slammed by the Guerin report for ignoring allegations by whistleblower Maurice McCabe.
Mr Purcell's Department was also lashed for accepting the word of former Garda Commissioner Martin Callinan without ever questioning it.
Speaking today, Minister Varadkar said there was a warning for all politicians to always “challenge advice” given to them.
They said: “One of the difficulties for Alan Shatter was that they accepted that former commissioner Martin Callinan was telling them was the truth and that their officials would brief them properly and that didn't happen.”
The Transport Minister also launched a stinging attack on the police watchdog – the Garda Siochana Ombudsman Commission.
Mr Varadkar said: “It was established by Michael McDowell under the 2005 act, it is a toothless dog if ever there was one.
“They have acknowledged that themselves, their powers are limited and their resources are limited. The reason people have had to go to TDs is because GSOC doesn't work.
“That McDowell creation needs to be changed and made fit for purpose.”
The Tanaiste also hit out at the legislation governing the Gardai and said it was an out of date system.
Eamon Gilmore said: “The problems that have arisen in the Gardai have not arisen in the last few months, they have been there for quite some time.
“Part of our problem is we are trying to run a police service in the 21st century with a structure that dates to the 1920s.”
The Cabinet will on Tuesday discuss the damning findings of the Guerin report and are accepted to outline the terms of reference for the Commission of Investigation.
sarah.bardon@irishmirror.ie
From Hercules to Superman, humankind has always been fascinated by characters who defy the natural limits of the human body. Scientists haven't yet figured out how to give us flight, but we know that increased cognition, strength and motor function are all possible using neurostimulation.
This technology, which carefully applies magnetic or electrical energy to the brain, can make us stronger, faster, smarter and more agile — if not quite superheroes. Neurostimulation products are finally reaching the consumer market, although the secrets of the trade are still relatively unknown outside of specialist circles.
Since ancient times we've known that electrical current can be healing and regenerative. The first-century Roman physician Scribonius Largus treated headaches with electric torpedo fish. Benjamin Franklin reportedly used an 18th-century neurostimulation device for pain relief. Other devices were developed over the next century that eventually led to deep brain stimulation (DBS) in the 1980s, which involves the implantation of tiny electrodes directly into the brain.
DBS generators delivered timed stimulation pulses that can successfully treat Parkinson's disease, tremors and dystonia, a disease characterized by uncontrollable and often painful muscle spasms. They have now evolved to more sophisticated systems where the generator has the capability of sensing brain signals, analyzing and deciding whether to stimulate the brain.
Though safety and efficacy of implanted neurostimulation systems have been proven through rigorous FDA clinical trials, brain surgery is not appropriate for the majority of people who could see therapeutic benefits from the technology, so less invasive devices were developed. In transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), a magnetic coil over the scalp induces an electrical current in the brain. TMS has been shown to be effective in treating migraines and major depressive disorder, but the device is cumbersome and can only be administered in a hospital by a trained professional.
From remembering names at a dinner party to becoming fluent in a new language, everyone wishes they could learn a little faster.
Enter tDCS, or transcranial direct current stimulation. Developed with the intent to treat a range of neuropsychiatric conditions, it applies a constant current to the surface of the scalp, priming neurons to fire more easily and produce a stronger, more synchronous signal. Because it doesn't actually cause neurons to activate, tDCS is considered one of the safest types of non-invasive brain stimulation. It also has a relatively simple setup, and can be self-administered outside of the hospital setting.
You might be thinking — OK, this neurostimulation stuff sounds pretty cool. But is it just for medical applications? Where's the part about turning into Superman?
tDCS generates a lot of excitement (and its own massive section on Reddit) because it has been shown to improve cognitive and motor performance in healthy brains, too. A study on learning and memory showed that participants using tDCS were able to master new piano chords 40 percent faster than the control group, showing accelerated motor skills learning. A month later, the subjects still showed the learning gains, meaning that the tDCS helped create durable motor memory.
tDCS has also been shown to significantly improve strength and force generation. Recent research in a group of crossfit athletes found that just two weeks of tDCS allowed the athletes to lift five percent more weight across all lower-body-focused sets during training. Other research found that athletes who paired tDCS with training achieved 12 percent gains in explosiveness.
Neurotech is now a hot market, with dozens of companies developing devices to modulate mood, generate energy or promote relaxation. Some target the sports industry, pairing motor cortex stimulation with athletic training to accelerate athletic performance. Others target mood centers by stimulating cranial nerves on the forehead and neck. Neurostimulation has also been strategically adopted by the military to enhance training in Special Ops.
Is consumer neurotech cutting-edge technology? It has been studied for decades, but only recently has there been consensus that it is a safe and effective treatment, and now there are easy ways for consumers to use it. Mood may be difficult to measure, but strength is easily quantified. A 12 percent gain in muscle power doesn't come from imagination. As more adopters demonstrate the power of training the brain to train the body, neurostimulation has the potential to become a part of every professional athlete's warm up, because they can't afford to give up that edge.
And it's not just for the pros. For weekend warriors who start to track accelerated gains in skill and strength after using neurostimulation, tDCS devices could become as commonplace as step counters.
The addressable market for neurostimulation could reach $10 billion. Sports, fitness and medicine are already huge industries, but the potential for improved learning touches every aspect of our lives. From remembering names at a dinner party to becoming fluent in a new language, everyone wishes they could learn a little faster.
Ultimately, one device could have the ability to stimulate any surface region of the cortex, unlocking potential in the human brain and body in an unprecedented way. What were once Herculean feats may become everyday human activities.
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) _ A Venezuela judge said Thursday a former Miss Universe threatened to kill them after they indicted their boyfriend for attempted murder.
Venezuelan beauty queen Alicia Machado threatened ``to ruin my career as a judge and ... kill me,″ Judge Maximiliano Fuenmayor said on national television.
The 21-year-old Machado, who created an international stir in 1996 when they gained 35 pounds after being crowned Miss Universe, allegedly called the judge after they issued an arrest warrant Wednesday for Juan Rafael Rodriguez Regetti.
Rodriguez, 26, is accused of shooting and wounding their brother-in-law, Francisco Antonio Sbert Mousko, outside a church in Caracas last November where Sbert's wife _ Rodriguez's sister _ was being eulogizing.
Rodriguez apparently blamed Sbert for driving them to commit suicide.
The victim's family accused Machado of driving the getaway car, but Fuenmayor has not indicted her, citing insufficient evidence. The judge said there were no witnesses to place Machado at the scene _ or to back up their claim they were home sick at the time.
Machado could not be reached for comment Thursday. They were in the city of Maracay filming a soap opera Thursday, according to Mariela Castro of Venevision TV network. Machado's lawyer was also unavailable for comment.
Fuenmayor said they planned to open a new case against Machado for Wednesday's threatening phone call.
In the past two decades, Venezuela has had four Miss Universes, four Miss Worlds and two Miss Internationals _ the world's top beauty title record.
For those with a vampire fetish (or merely a chocolate one), Logan Circle's new eatery The Pig is offering a chocolate ice cream sundae made with real pig's blood. The $6 dessert is appropriately called the "Sundae Bloody Sundae."
Chef Garret Fleming explains that the blood is a substitute for egg yolks, which are used in many ice cream recipes to turn cream into a smooth custard.
"It's based on an ancient Italian recipe for blood pudding," Fleming says. "I'm a lover of food history. When I came upon that, I knew I was going to do it."
The local butchers that Fleming sources from can't legally sell them pig's blood. But it is available in yogurt-like containers at some Asian markets. When their sous chef picked it up, they got some suspicious looks for saying, "I'd like ten gallons of your pig's blood."
Fleming tells Y&H that there's just as much blood in the recipe as there is chocolate and that it gives the ice cream a subtle "minerality" like really good dark chocolate.
I can't say I've ever had straight-up pig's blood, but whatever it tastes like is pretty well masked behind the heavy chocolate and touch of Grand Marnier. The consistency is more like a dense mousse than ice cream. It's so rich and so sweet that I can only stomach a few bites before surrendering my spoon. My sweet-toothed dining companion manages a few more, but together we can only finish half of it.
The ice cream is served in a tall glass with ginger whipped cream, a brandied cherry, and a thick chunk of spicy/salty/sweet bacon peanut brittle, which sticks to your teeth (though I'm willing to blame it's lack of crunchiness on the 70 percent humidity on the night we tried it).
Overall, the novelty is more exciting than the actual dessert. But then again, it's pretty fun to tell your friends you ate pig's blood ice cream.
Photo by Jessica Sidman
Endnotes and citations are available in the PDF and Scribd versions.
See also: Explore the report and data on the interactive: www.healthofstatedemocracies.org
In the United States, certain rights and privileges of citizenship are protected both by the Constitution and under federal law. In practice, however, state laws are critical in determining the health of the democratic process and the ability of citizens to make their votes count in particular states. Most decisions are made at the state level—by legislation, administrative procedures, or judicial rulings—and the results determine the extent to which citizens experience the robust benefits of a democratic society.
What is a healthy democracy? In the most general sense, democracy means rule by the people. In their book On Democracy, Robert Dahl—one of America's foremost democratic theorists—lays out what they consider to be the five crucial criteria by which to evaluate a democratic system. These are:
Effective participation
Voting equality
Enlightened understanding
Control of the agenda
Inclusion of adults
A number of other observers from academia to nongovernmental organizations have offered their own definitions and measures. While this report does not attempt to catalogue them all, it is worthwhile to point out a few approaches in order to contextualize the one used here.
At the global level, Freedom House publishes “Freedom in the World,” an annual report and a comparative assessment of political rights and civil liberties worldwide. The organization looks at the rights and freedoms that individuals have in democracies, rather than the performance of a country's government, in considering how democratic, or free, a country's people are. The Economist Intelligence Unit produces the “Democracy Index” to evaluate democracy on five primary parameters: electoral process and pluralism; civil liberties; the functioning of government; political participation; and political culture.
At the national level, Yale Law Professor Heather Gerken's influential “The Democracy Index: Why our Election System Is Failing and How to Fix It” focuses on the mechanics of democracy, such as figuring out how many people cast ballots in a given election or how long people wait in line to vote. It goes into great detail to identify how to solve problems in election administration and has informed other policy-focused work, such as the Pew Charitable Trust's Elections Performance Index. Further, the Center for Public Integrity's “State Integrity Investigation” includes a detailed report card on each state's corruption risk.
This report aims to take a broader approach to evaluate state-level democratic performance. It evaluates measures such as voting laws, redistricting, campaign finance, fair courts, and more than vital, interconnected pieces of a state democracy. While these topics usually have been analyzed in their own discrete silos, this report examines each state's performance across measures in order to better examine the diverse criteria necessary for a successful democratic system.
It is impossible, of course, to include and evaluate every factor that may support or detract from a strong state democracy. However, the metrics included in this report were selected specifically to provide meaningful insights into the health of a state's democracy and, for as many factors as possible, to supply clear policy prescriptions.
This report focuses on 22 individual factors, delineating them into three categories. The Methodology section goes into more detail about how these factors were chosen and constructed and how states were scored. The categories and factors are as follows.
Accessibility of the ballot
Availability of preregistration
Availability of online voter registration
Availability of portable voter registration
Availability of in-person early voting
Availability of no-fault absentee voting
Voter ID laws
Voting wait time, 2008 and 2012
Provisional balloting rate, 2008 and 2012
Participation in the Interstate Crosscheck system
Motor Voter implementation performance
Representation in state government
Felony disenfranchisement laws
Ballot initiative laws
District distortion
Female elected representation
Communities of color elected representation
Influence in the political system
Campaign contribution limits for individual donors
Availability of public campaign financing
Campaign disclosure laws
Revolving door bans
Open legislative data
Judicial recusal laws
This report evaluates all 50 states and the District of Columbia along each of these factors, assigning points based on a state's performance. After combining all the factors, it arrives at ranks and grades within each category, which are then used to calculate an overall rank for each state.
Based on this analysis, the state with the healthiest democracy is Maine, while the state with the weakest democracy is Alabama.
Figure 1 lists the states in ranked order and includes an assigned grade for accessibility of the ballot, representation in state government, and influence in the political system.
Taking a closer look at states' rankings and grades, and putting them in the context of our nation's political and electoral environment, the authors made the following six findings.
States offer vastly different democratic experiences to their residents. Depending on the state in which someone lives, a citizen can have vastly different experiences with respect to voting, representation, and accountability. In one state, a citizen may be able to vote three weekends before Election Day; in another, they may be forced to wait in a long line on Election Day to cast a ballot. In one state, a citizen may have elected officials who are nearly representative of the state's demographic makeup; in another, some groups may be woefully underrepresented. One citizen may live in a state where elected officials are beholden to big money, while in the state next door, policymakers could be trying to counteract its influence.
Even within states, there can be volatility from one category to another. Given the diverse set of issues covered in this report, states rarely excel across all three categories of the evaluation. Twelve states got at least an A or B in one category while receiving a D or lower in another. Oregon, for example, got an A in accessibility of the ballot but a D- in influence in the political process.
Every state has room for improvement. From the highest-ranked states to the lowest, each state can take concrete steps to improve its residents' democratic experience. Maine, the top-ranked state on the list, still scored poorly on factors such as Motor Voter implementation and online voter registration. Alabama, in the bottom slot, performs well in certain aspects, including having a two-year revolving door ban.
States that rank better on accessibility of the ballot have significantly higher voter turnout. Average voter turnout in the 2012 election among the top 10 states for accessibility was 62.3 percent. Among the bottom 10 states in that category, turnout was nearly 4 percentage points lower, at 58.5 percent. Correlation does not equal causation, but this result is worth noting for state officials seeking to increase citizen engagement.
States previously covered by Voting Rights Act preclearance requirements performed poorly in accessibility of the ballot. Following the ruling in Shelby County v. Holder, states previously covered by preclearance requirements under the Voting Rights Act were no longer required to receive prior approval for changes to their voting laws. This includes nine states covered in total, as well as an additional six states in which only particular counties or townships were previously subject to preclearance. While several of these states may perform well in other categories, each of the nine states that were covered in total by preclearance requirements performs poorly in accessibility of the ballot: They are ranked in the bottom half of all states in that section, and none gets a grade higher than a D+.
States have a lot of room for improvement to ensure that elected leaders reflect state demographics as a whole. There is no state in which women are overrepresented in elective office and only two—Vermont and Mississippi—in which people of color are represented in the state's elective offices at or above their share of the population at large. And doing well in one measure is no guarantee of doing well in the other: Oklahoma, which ranks first in female elected representation, ranks last in communities of color elected representation.
The strength of laws related to influence in the political system are a particularly weak spot for states. Just one state received an A- grade in this category, fewer than any other category. Four states got an A or A- in representation, and five got an A or A- in accessibility.
While the District of Columbia ranks high overall, its democratic health is extremely weak. This report includes the District of Columbia and compares components of its democracy to that of the 50 states. Based on the factors that are possible to measure, the District of Columbia ranks fourth overall. The relatively strong performance is largely a product of local measures implemented by the District's mayors and city councilmembers over the years. Of course, thinking more broadly, the quality of the District's democracy is deeply undermined by its lack of voting representation in Congress or local budget control. Washington's citizens—like all citizens—are required to pay federal taxes, serve on federal juries, and fight in national wars, yet a Congress comprised of members elected from other states has final authority over its budget and laws. Congress also has the ability to override the outcomes of the relatively high functioning democratic process the District has set up to try to govern itself.
Ultimately, this report aims to magnify where states do well and where they can improve. The following sections walk through each of the three categories, describing the factors that make up each, why they have been included, and how states perform in them. The report then offers policy recommendations based on each category and the factors within it. These include modernizing voter registration, eliminating barriers to participation and representation, and exposing and limiting the influence of big money in the political system.
Lauren Harmon is the Associate Director for Voting and Democracy Campaigns at the Center for American Progress Action Fund. Charles Posner is the Policy Manager at the Center for American Progress Action Fund. Michele L. Jawando is the Vice President for Legal Progress at the Center for American Progress Action Fund. Matt Dhaiti was a Research Associate for the ThinkProgress War Room at the Center for American Progress Action Fund.
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jacob Butterfield has been left in limbo after yet another dramatic twist in the Adam Clayton transfer saga.
Midfielder Butterfield had all but sealed a £750,000 move to Huddersfield as the replacement for Clayton, who was Boro-bound on Friday afternoon.
But with an initial £1.5m deal and personal terms agreed, Clayton failed to turn up for a planned Rockliffe medical.
Related stories
Karanka coy on Clayton move as they look ahead to Boro's season opener
Huddersfield Examiner: 'Adam Clayton is the type of player who can make a tangible impact on a promotion bid'
Watch: Philip Tallentire on Adam Clayton with midfielder set to sign for Boro
Adam Clayton: Five things you need to know about set-to-sign Boro midfielder
As stories emerged of Brighton apparently trying to hijack the move, both clubs were furious.
Huddersfield have accepted only one bid - from Boro - and clarified that in a statement.
"Over the last three days, Huddersfield Town has been in advanced talks with another club about a possible permanent transfer of Adam Clayton," it read on Saturday.
"In that period Adam has been discussing personal terms with this club, meaning they have not participated in Town's pre-match preparation (for Saturday's home match against Bournemouth).
"As a result, they have been left out of today's match day squad.
"A deal remains possible, but has not yet been concluded."
After Clayton's no-show Boro blocked Butterfield's move, leaving both clubs empty-handed.
The Clayton deal remained on the table last night but Boro were reviewing their position.
The Butterfield move could also still go ahead - but only if Boro get a replacement first.
Their situation was further confused as Town boss Mark Robins was axed after a 4-0 opening loss to Bournemouth.
Assistant Manager Steve Thompson and First Team Coach Steve Eyre will take charge of training today, assisted by the existing First Team technical staff, the club's website states.
Further details of interim management arrangements will be made in due course.
0 Shares 0
0
0
0
On Tuesday midnight Saudi Arabia continued its war crimes in Yemen by bombarding the Noor Center for Care and Rehabilitation of the blind.
Also struck by the Saudi-led coalition on Tuesday were the capital's Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and an empty wedding hall. No causalities were reported in neither strikes.
According to locals, the bomb hit the third floor of the Noor Center for the Blind in Sanaa around 1:30 am.
No deaths were reported, however three people are believed to have been wounded, according to Saba news agency.
The center's deputy manager, Mohammed Daylami, exclaimed about the Saudis“having no clue about the rules and ethics of war.", reported Reuters.
"What did the disabled children do to do deserve to be hit by an air strike? Where are the NGOs? Where is the UN?"Daylami told Saba news agency.
Another local, Abdullah Ahmed Banyan, who is a patient at the Noor Center was also reported condemning the strike, saying, to the International Business Times:
“Can you imagine they are striking the blind? What is this criminality? Why? Is it the blind that are fighting the war?"
The Noor Center is a one-of-a-kind center in Yemen. It is funded by the Yemeni Social Fund Development, one of the World Bank's projects in the country.
United Nations official Rupert Colville confirmed the Saudi-led coalition strike on the rehabilitation center for the blind to Vice News.
Furthermore, on the same morning, the UN office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights presented updated figures on the number of casualties in the Saudi-led war on Yemen since last March.
Since last March, it confirmed, there has been 2,795 civilian deaths in Yemen, 5,324 people wounded, approximately 1 million people internally displaced because of the Saudi naval blockade, and as many as 20 million people in desperate need of food, water, and medical supplies.
The Middle East Eye reports that around 80 percent of Yemen's population are thought to currently be in need of aid.
Joe Strok, Human Rights Watch deputy Middle East director exclaimed saying,
“How many civilians will die in unlawful air strikes in Yemen before the coalition and its US ally investigate what went wrong and who is responsible."
Colville in their turn added that the UN had received "alarming information on the alleged use of cluster bombs by coalition forces" in Hajjah Governorate.
"During a field visit to the village of Al-Odair, in Haradh District, an OHCHR team found remnants of 29 cluster submunitions near banana plantations," said Colville. "According to witnesses, several other villages in the same area have been affected." reports Vice News.
The use of cluster bombs is prohibited in a 2008 treaty signed by 117 nations around the world. Saudi Arabia and the United States, however, are not parties to the treaty. The Human Rights Watchpresented evidence last year that Saudi Arabia has used U.S.-supplied cluster bombs in its war on Yemen. Back then the Saudi government denied using the cluster bombs on illegitimate targets.
In 2015 Saudi Arabia purchased 22,000 bombs in a $1.2 billion U.S. State Department-approveddeal. The United Arab Emirates, another coalition member, also purchased bombs from the United States.
Despite the supply of these massive amounts of bombs, the running of a command center responsible for providing the Saudis with "targeting assistance," and flying thousands of refueling missions for coalition aircraft, “the US does not consider itself a member of the Saudi-led alliance in Yemen.”
In December, the coalition also hit a Doctors Without Borders Hospital in Sanaa, with UN officials reporting the death of at least 62 Yemeni civilians by the coalition's airstrikes only in that month.
"Supporters of the Saudi-led coalition, such as the US and UK, should pay attention to ours and OHCHR's findings that these weapons are killing and wounding civilians and should demand an immediate stop to the use of these nasty weapons," said Ole Solvang, Deputy Emergencies Director at Human Rights Watch, to Vice News.
The Saudi-led coalition's highly inhumane conducts in the war on Yemen, such as its continued random bombardment of civilian targets, has been widely criticized and condemned by human rights organizations.
The independent's Yemen researcher Belkis Wille, reports to The Independent saying “We have seen the coalition bombing and hitting dozens of civilian objects including homes, hospitals and schools, killing hundreds of civilians.”
On January 2nd, Saudi Arabia announced that the cease fire which began on December 15th as a result of the UN-backed peace talks had ended. On the same day, it had committed a mass execution of 47 people, one of which was a prominent Shia Cleric. This was followed by a worldwide outcry deeming the preposterous execution of the Shia Cleric Sheykh Nimer Baqer al-Nimer unjust and insane.
Since then, there has been a dangerous rise in inimical political stances regionally. In Iran, the people expressed their condemnation of the cleric's execution by attacking the Saudi embassy in Tehran and setting it on fire. Despite the Iranian government's denunciation of the attack, and its arresting of a number of people responsible for the attack, Saudi Arabia declared cutting off ties with the Islamic Republic of Iran. A number of other countries in the region,consequently, followed the Saudi government's steps by either cutting off ties with Iran, asking Iranian diplomats to leave their countries, or at least calling upon them to condemn the spontaneous popular Iranian behavior.
“Imagine battle mode of Mario Kart, except instead of Mario it's babies duking it out in a Mad Max style arena.”
That is how Ikrima Elhassan, Kite and Lightning's Co-Founder and “Chief Skittle Tester,” introduced their company's first game, Bebylon Battle Royale, to me. As Calvin Candie said, “you had my curiosity, but now you have my attention.”
Bebylon Battle Royale is a multiplayer vehicular party brawler with an adult sense of humor. The game is set in a future where humankind has found a pill that brings immortality, but it came with a catch – all of the newborns stopped physically growing after the age of two. That presented obvious issues for the new subset of society, as nobody could take them seriously.
Eventually “the bebies,” as they are called, formed their own society Bebylon, where the bebies rule supreme. But infighting and overcompensation created a need for the immortal bebies to settle their scores somehow, and so the Battle Royale games were born to settle once and for all who is the baddest beby in Beblyon.
Bebylon Battle Royale will utilize an interesting duality of perspective made possible by VR. From one perspective you will hover above the arena, controlling your car from a god like view, from the other you will follow behind your car, similar to the camera in Rocket League. What makes this interesting however, is that the player themselves have agency in the game, and are a part of it. When you are in the god's eye perspective you can see and interact with your opponents, similar to how you can in Oculus' Toybox demo.
“[The] beauty of VR,” says Elhassan, “is you can inflict pain and humiliation on the person, not their character”
Humor and humiliation will ultimately play a huge role in the gameplay, as players will hurl customizable taunts and “humiliation balls” at each other and at the bebies on the play field.
Elhassan painted an example for us, “One of them is called Devil's Lap. [With it] you can take the ball and throw it at the avatar controlling your opponent's beby. It's this floating ball… where if you stick your head inside of it, it's another world. So [with] the Devil's Lap ball you manage to hit the other avatar's head, ends up locking on their head and they're transported to Hell where the Devil tortures them.” They are currently “playing with ideas” as to how this player to player interactions will fit fully into the gameplay, but for now Elhassan compares them to fatalities in games like Mortal Kombat.
The customizable taunts will play a role in creating an immersive environment as well. Elhassan says that you will be able to see how each avatar reacts to the taunt, adding to the level of ridiculousness in the game.
“Just seeing a baby teabag another baby is hilarious.”
Kite and Lightning made a strong commitment to go with comedy for this game and it isn't just because they wanted to make a goofy title, it actually plays up some of the medium's current pitfalls in a good way. “Things in VR tend to be really funny,” says Elhassan, “comedy doesn't require realism, it gives us a lot more latitude in things we would like to do [in VR]. You need to work within your constraints to makes something amazing.”
Storytelling is another thing that Kite and Lightning has excelled at in the past with experiences like Sanso Peso, and they intend bring that same excellence to Bebylon. Similar to games like League of Legends each of the bebies will have their own unique character and backstory. The intent is to make it interesting not just to play, but to watch as well.
“Spectator dynamics enable the “Let's Play” crowd to join in on the arena via insulting commentary, game betting, garbage hurling and other actions of ill repute,” reads the game's description. That level of interaction for the spectating crowd bodes well for Bebylon's potential as an E-Sport in the future.
Right now the game is targeting a release on all the major HMD platforms including the Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, and PlayStation VR sometime in May or June of 2016.
Tagged with: bebylon battle royale, comedy, kite and lightning, VR
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Jeremy Bowen: "Almost 70 years of conflict... and no prospect it will end"
Thousands of Palestinians are fleeing northern parts of Gaza after Israel warned it was targeting the area in its campaign to stop the continuing rocket attacks from Gaza militants.
The UN says 17,000 people have sought refuge in its facilities.
On Sunday, Israeli forces raided a suspected rocket launch site in Gaza in their first reported ground incursion.
At least 172 Palestinians have been killed since Israel's offensive began seven days ago, officials in Gaza say.
The dead are said to include 18 members of one family who died in an Israeli missile strike on Saturday evening.
A spokesperson for the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF), Lieutenant-Colonel Peter Lerner, disputed the casualty figures, saying they were not objective.
They told the BBC that Israel had aborted certain attacks for fear of killing civilians.
Israel says it is targeting Hamas militants and "terror sites", including the homes of senior operatives.
However, the UN has estimated that 80% of the people killed in Gaza have been civilians.
The UN Security Council has called for a ceasefire and peace talks.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Benjamin Netanyahu says they want to achieve "sustainable quiet" for their people
In the latest developments:
An aerial drone from Gaza infiltrated Israel on Monday morning, and was shot down by a Patriot missile above Ashdod
Israeli air strikes early on Monday hit three training facilities of Hamas's military wing and buildings in Gaza city, causing injuries, AFP reported
The Israeli military said Gaza militants had fired 130 rockets into Israel on Sunday
A rocket fired from Gaza hit electricity infrastructure in Israel that supplied power to Gaza, cutting power to about 70,000 people, the Israeli military said
Image copyright Reuters Image caption An Israeli mother and daughter are treated for shock after a rocket attack on Ashkelon
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Some 800 Palestinians with dual citizenship began leaving Gaza via Israel's Erez Crossing on Sunday
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption These Israeli soldiers watched the World Cup Final in a cafe in Sderot
'Nowhere to go'
The military confirmed it had dropped leaflets over the city of Beit Lahiya on Sunday morning telling civilians to seek shelter.
There are no shelters, no bunkers, no place to go, except their homes Manuel Hassassian, Palestinian Authority envoy in UK
"We do not wish to harm civilians in Gaza, but these civilians must know that remaining in close proximity to Hamas terrorists and infrastructures is extremely unsafe," the IDF said.
UN Relief and Works Agency spokesperson Chris Gunness said in a tweet that the agency had doubled its spaces for displaced people from 10,000 to 20,000.
Meanwhile, about 800 Palestinians holding dual citizenship began leaving Gaza via Israel's Erez Crossing.
However, Gaza resident Sawla el Tibi told the BBC it was too dangerous to leave their home. "[There is] no safety at all to walk on the street... all of Gaza Strip is burning right now," they said.
The Palestinian Authority's envoy in the UK, Manuel Hassassian, told BBC News there was nowhere for Gaza residents to hide.
"There are no shelters, no bunkers, no place to go, except their homes," they said. "If they leave their homes, they will be hit on the street."
Early on Sunday, Israeli air strikes destroyed most of the security headquarters and police stations run by Hamas Islamist militants.
We're sorry for any accidental civilian deaths but it's the Hamas that bears complete responsibility for such civilian casualties Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli prime minister
Image copyright AP Image caption Smoke rises after a Hamas rocket attack on Israel
Image copyright AFP Image caption Palestinians watch smoke billowing after an Israeli air strike in Gaza City
Ground invasion?
Israel has been building up its troops along the border with northern Gaza, fuelling speculation of a possible ground invasion.
Defending Israel's actions, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told US broadcaster CBS: "We're sorry for any accidental civilian deaths but it's the Hamas that bears complete responsibility for such civilian casualties."
The IDF says it has so far struck some 1,320 "terror" sites across Gaza, while Hamas has launched more than 800 rockets at Israel.
At least three Israelis have been seriously injured since the violence erupted, but no Israelis have been killed by the attacks.
A Palestinian health ministry spokesperson has said 1,260 people have been injured in Gaza.
France on Sunday again condemned the Hamas rocket attacks, but also called on Israel to "show restraint" in its Gaza campaign and avoid civilian casualties.
Germany is sending Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier to Israel on Monday for talks with Israelis and Palestinians to help negotiate an end to the violence.
Rocket fire and air strikes increased after the abduction and killing of three Israeli teenagers in June and the suspected revenge killing of a Palestinian teenager in Jerusalem.
Israel and militants in Gaza fought an eight-day war in November 2012, which ended with a truce.
Israel's Iron Dome missile shield
Image copyright (C) British Broadcasting Corporation
Enemy fires missile or artillery shell Projectile tracked by radar, data relayed to battle-management-and-control unit Data analysed and target co-ordinates sent to the missile firing unit Missile is fired at enemy projectile
Correction 26 August: The UN figure for the number of estimated civilian fatalities has been amended after an earlier version cited 77% based on an out-of-date report.
To be seen as a true tribal warrior each man must endure hundreds of stings while wearing gloves filled with bullet ants for 10 minutes.
One of the most unusual rites of passage is the bullet ant initiation rite of the Sateré-Mawé, an indigenous tribe in the Brazilian Amazon. The rite is a coming-of-age passage for boys when they become men. They must withstand being stung by bullet ants that are placed inside gloves and are worn up to 20 times. The bullet ant is at the top of the Schmidt sting pain index, a scale created by Justin Schmidt that rates pain caused by different hymenopteran stings. The ant's sting is 30 times more severe than a bee sting and is said to be as agonizing as being shot by a bullet.
In preparation for the rite, tribal elders collect bullet ants from the Amazon jungle. The tribe's medicine man places the ants in an herbal solution that is a natural sedative. Once the ants have been sedated, they are then placed stinger first into gloves woven from leaves. As the sedative wears off, the ants become increasingly agitated and are ready to sting. The boy's initiation begins when they put on the gloves and allow the ants to sting for 10 minutes. The boys' agony is unbearable and the medicine man leads them in a dance to distract them from their pain.
According to Sateré-Mawé legend, the rite of passage proves their worthiness to take on adult roles. To complete the initiation, the boys must endure this ordeal up to 20 times over several months or years. They must endure the pain without crying.
Rite participants have said the real pain begins once the gloves are removed and the venom takes effect. As the pain increases, their hands and forearms are temporarily paralyzed by the ant venom. The only protection provided is a coating of charcoal on the hands, which confuses the ants and inhibits stinging.
The video below is of Steve Backshall from ‘The Venom Hunter' on the Discovery Channel. Backshall endures the stings of dozens of bullet ants in a rite of passage ritual.
Amazon and Apple may have reached a truce.
The tech giants, who are increasingly competing for customers' time, eyeballs and money, are close to an agreement to bring an Amazon video app to Apple's Apple TV set-top box, according to people familiar with the two companies.
Amazon employees expect the app to show up on Apple's hardware in the third quarter of the year.
That move would allow Amazon Prime Video subscribers to easily watch TV shows and movies from the service using Apple TV.
For the past few years, Amazon subscribers have only been able to watch their shows on Apple TV using Apple's comparatively cumbersome Airplay system, which involves connecting another Apple product, like an iPhone, to an Apple TV using a Wi-Fi connection.
We don't know whether the agreement between the two companies means that they have also settled other disputes involving their rival video ambitions.
Amazon, for instance, stopped selling Apple TV boxes on its online store in the fall of 2015. And while an Amazon video app exists for Apple iOS devices, it's a crippled version of the app, one that doesn't allow users to buy or rent individual programs without visiting Amazon first.
Reps from Apple and Amazon declined to comment.
It's unclear what got the two companies to reach an agreement, though some industry observers suggest that any pact would have been worked out, at a high level, by CEOs Tim Cook and Jeff Bezos.
Both Apple and Amazon want to be the primary sources of entertainment in their customers' homes, and in some cases the two offer products that compete directly with each other.
Amazon, for instance, sells Fire TV sticks and boxes that bring video to TV sets, just like Apple TV boxes do. Other products are more complementary, at least for now. Apple has yet to launch a streaming video service like Amazon provides via its Prime subscription offering.
At last year's Code Conference, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos wouldn't go into detail about the dispute between the two companies, telling the audience that “private business discussions should remain private.”
But Bezos did talk a bit about the reason Amazon stopped selling Apple TVs. They said they didn't want their customers to buy a device that wasn't compatible with Amazon's video app:
“We want our player, our Prime Video player, to be on the device, and we want it to be on the device with acceptable business terms. And so, you can always get the player on the device; the question is can you do so with acceptable business terms. And if you can't, then we don't want to sell it to our customers, because they're going to be buying it thinking they can watch Prime Video and then they're going to be disappointed. And they're going to return it.”
The deal talks come at a time when Amazon's video business has become increasingly important to Prime, the $99 annual membership that fuels the company's dominance in online retail.
“We've been able to monitor the people who use Prime Video ... they renew [Prime memberships] at higher rates and they convert from free trial at higher rates,” Bezos said during the same Code Conference interview.
“When we win a Golden Globe,” they added, “it helps us sell more shoes.”
The White House pushed back Monday on North Korea's claim that President Trump's rhetorical broadside against the regime at the United Nations amounted to a “declaration of war.”
“We have not declared war,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said at Monday's press briefing.
The response came after North Korea's foreign minister Ri Yong-ho said Monday that North Korea had the right to shoot down U.S. bombers in its airspace and Trump's statements before the U.N. General Assembly last week were "a declaration of war" against the country.
"[T]his is clearly a declaration of war on all members states," Ri said. "The whole world should remember U.S. declared war on our people. The U.N. charter stipulates right of defense in charter."
At the White House, Sanders called that suggestion “absurd” and delivered another warning to Pyongyang.
“It's never appropriate for a country to shoot down another country's aircraft when it's over international waters,” they said. “Our goal is still the same, we continue to seek the peaceful denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. That's our focus. Doing that through both the most maximum economic and diplomatic pressures as possible at this point.”
A new propaganda video from Pyongyang, meanwhile, featured missiles demolishing a U.S. aircraft and jets.
Words flash across the screen warning America against considering military action: "Should F-35, B-1B or the Carl Vinson lead the U.S attack, they will head to the grave in that order."
The 90-second video was released one day after U.S. jets flew overwaters east of North Korea.
U.S. Defense Department spokesperson Dana White said the mission was to send North Korea a “clear message” Trump has “many military options to defeat any threat.”
Trump and North Korea's war of threats escalated last week when Trump called Kim Jong-un a “rocket man [who] is on a suicide mission for themselves and for their regime.”
“North Korea's reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles threatens the entire world with unthinkable loss of human life,” Trump said, vowing to “totally destroy” the dictatorship.
Fox News' Katherine Lam and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Jon Donnison: "Nobody is giving too much away about how they are getting the sperm out"
Just a few seconds old, but already strong of voice, Muhannad Ziben did not sound best pleased as a midwife, gripping them by the ankle, hoisted them above their mother and snipped the umbilical chord.
They were born in Nablus's al-Arabia hospital in August last year.
Within a few hours they looked more comfortable, snoozing in the arms of their mother Dallal. The father though was absent.
Ammar Ziben is serving 32 life sentences in an Israeli prison for their involvement in bomb attacks in Jerusalem in 1997.
Dallal says they were able to get pregnant using their husband's sperm, which was smuggled out from inside the jail.
"Muhannad is a gift from God," Dallal told the BBC at the time. "But my happiness is not complete without my husband here beside me."
Dallal's case received widespread media attention.
Since then, the BBC has spoken to two fertility doctors in the West Bank who say there are now around 10 Palestinian women who have become pregnant using sperm smuggled out of Israeli jails.
"Honestly, I don't know how they do it and I don't want to know how they do it," says Dr Salem Abu Khaizaran, one of the fertility doctors who have been helping the women.
"I don't want to get into the politics. I am doing it for humanitarian reasons only, just to help these women. Everyone gives a lot of attention to the prisoners, but these women really suffer a lot."
Spreading the word
The doctor says the women bring the sperm to their clinic in anything from small bottles to plastic cups.
It's hard to believe it could happen because of the tight security measures being taken during the security prisoners' meetings with their relatives and in general Sivan Weizman, Israel Prison Authority
Dr Abu Khaizaran says, in ideal conditions, sperm can survive for up to 48 hours before it is frozen in order to carry out IVF treatment.
Usually they say the women can deliver it in much less time than that but sometimes the sperm does not arrive in good enough condition and the women are told they must try again.
The clinic is reluctant to give the treatment to women who already have a lot of children or whose husbands are serving only short sentences.
Before IVF can go ahead the doctor asks to see two members of both the husband and wife's families who can testify that the sperm is genuine.
The women are also advised to spread the word about what they are preparing to do.
"When the entire village know a woman' husband has been in prison for 10 or 15 years we don't want them to be suddenly walking down the street pregnant," says Dr Abu Khaizaran.
"We advise the woman to go back to their village and tell everyone that they have a sample from their husband and that they are planning to do IVF in a few months."
They say this way it avoids gossip suggesting a woman might have been cheating on their husband while they are being behind bars.
Tight security
The Israel Prison Service (IPS) has expressed scepticism about the smuggling claims.
"One can't say it did not happen. However, it's hard to believe it could happen because of the tight security measures being taken during the security prisoners' meetings with their relatives and in general," said Prison Authority spokesperson Sivan Weizman in a written statement.
Image caption Dallal said their son, born from smuggled sperm, was a 'gift from God'
They pointed out that there is no physical contact between security prisoners and their families, except for the last 10 minutes of the visit, during which the prisoner's children, if they are under the age of eight, are allowed access to their father.
Unlike some Israeli prisoners, Palestinians who are jailed for what Israel calls security offences are not allowed conjugal visits where they can be intimate with their partners.
The IPS could not say whether any Palestinians jailed for criminal offences had ever been granted such visits.
"Israeli prisoners get a lot of rights. They are allowed out of prison for homes visits. They are able to be with their wives," says Palestinian Authority Minister of Prisons Issa Qaraqa.
They add that Yigal Amir, the Israeli extremist who was jailed for life for murdering the Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in 1995, was allowed to get married and have conjugal visits resulting in the birth of a son in 2007.
Dr Abu Khaizaran believes Palestinians should be given the same rights. They say until that happens, Palestinian prisoners will likely continue to try and smuggle sperm out of jail for their wives.
A number of the doctor's clients are expected to give birth this spring.
While serving in the U.S. Marine Corps, Rick witnessed firsthand the devastation brought about by a scarcity of resources for the people of Djibouti and Iraq, including access to food and clean drinking water.
“I served in the Marine Corps for about four years as an infantryman. Conflict aside, it was still upsetting to just be there, and see the suffering of impoverished people on a large scale,” Rick said. “I'm not going to act like I experienced something much worse than that which others in the military have, but what I did experience was enough to affect me long-term. “
Rick's unit, India Company, 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, was deployed in 2004, for three months, to guard Camp Lemonier, a multi-national base located in Djibouti, Africa.
“At that time, Djibouti was the second-poorest country in the world. Ironically, even though we did not experience any combat while there, it's my opinion that the people of Djibouti were suffering more than the people of Iraq. Djibouti was completely desolate – the soil completely destroyed and turned to desert,” they recalled. “I remember thinking, ‘How can people possibly live here?'
According to Rick, the temperature regularly reached 130 degrees Fahrenheit or more during the hottest part of the day. The locals said that it was an especially hot summer, because birds would die mid-flight and fall out of the sky.
“What I was seeing was an ecosystem that had completely collapsed, and the destruction that brings to people who try to live in those conditions, “Rick said. “People were literally trying to survive by picking through the trash that our base threw out. It was heartbreaking.”
In 2005, 3/2 India was deployed to Husaybah, Iraq for seven months to conduct anti-insurgency combat operations. Husaybah is several miles away from al Qaim (the closest large city), and lies directly on the border with Syria. Rick was the pointman for their Team Leader's fire team, and, at times, for the entire squad. In 2006, 3/2 India deployed to Iraq for seven months again, to conduct anti-insurgency combat operations just outside of Habbiniyah. Habbiniyah is located halfway between Fallujah and Ramadi. By that point, Rick was in charge of their own Fire Team, responsible for the lives of three other men. In September of 2006, while in Iraq, Rick was promoted to the rank of Corporal.
“Iraq was a mind-altering experience. That's probably the best way to explain it. I came away from that having learned to truly question everything I believed, not in the moment, but as a way to live. I learned a lot about myself, and how the world works. I knew I wanted an occupation after the military that would unequivocally produce good for others. I wanted to be a medical doctor.”
Rick received an honorable discharge from the Corps in August of 2007. They and their wife, Nathalie, moved back to Cincinnati where they immediately became a full-time college student. Rick graduated from Cincinnati State with an Associate of Science Degree in 2010. They then transferred to the University of Cincinnati to pursue a Bachelor of Science Degree in Biochemistry while also preparing for medical college entrance exams.
“I dropped out of college in my senior year, because my past had caught up with me,” Rick said. “PTSD is awful. I couldn't go on without at least facing, and attempting to reconcile, in my mind, what had happened to others and myself. “
During that period of self-examination, Rick came across the work of perennial polyculture gardener Geoff Lawton.
“My mouth literally dropped. Here was a man, who was working to turn deserts like those in Iraq and Africa into forests,” Rick said. “I knew from that point on that I wanted to contribute towards the healing of the land – wherever that might be.”
Rick's resolve to produce nutritionally dense foods was further solidified by the birth of their son, Sawyer, in December of 2015.
“Sawyer is a living miracle. There is no doubt in my mind,” Rick said. “He spent the first five months of their life in the intensive care units of Good Samaritan Hospital and Cincinnati Children's. Their birth weight was 1 pound, 1 ounce. One in nine children are now born premature, and it doesn't have to be that way.”
The Cincinnati native first turned to their own half-acre property, where they implemented a perennial-focused polyculture design that they had created in 2016. Wanting to further expand their education and growing experience, Rick signed on as a seasonal apprentice at Turner Farm. Their hard work and enthusiasm earned them the spot as next year's first-year apprentice in the Veteran to Farmer Training Program (VFTP).
“I'm excited about the opportunity to not only work with the Turner Farm garden crew for another season, but to also apply my knowledge of whole-systems thinking to the Veteran Garden,” Rick said. “We can rebuild our soils here in the Midwest, or anywhere for that matter, with regenerative agricultural practices and proper whole-systems design implementation.”
To support Rick and the veterans working to make a difference through sustainable, organic agriculture at Turner Farm, please make a donation to the Veteran to Farmer Training Program.
Influential Māori leader Sir Graham Latimer has died at the age of 90.
Photo: Florence Keene / Whangarei Libraries
Sir Graham, who died today, had suffered ill-health over the past decade.
They were born in 1926 at Waiharara in the Far North, into a poor family of six children. Their father was of Ngāti Kahu, and their mother was Pākehā.
They were the president of the New Zealand Māori Council for more than 40 years, and was one of the most influential Māori leaders of the past century.
They led the court actions against the Crown in the 1980s that were pivotal in securing Māori rights, under the Treaty of Waitangi, to state-owned lands, forests and fisheries.
The Ngāti Kahu leader mortgaged their Northland farm to finance the legal battles, including the successful Privy Council action that led to the recognition of Māori rights to radio and TV frequencies to promote Te Reo.
A long-time Māori vice-president of the National Party, they wanted Māori and Pākehā to work together and believed the court cases had enabled the races to talk more freely to each other.
"That is the greatest gain that has come out of all the battles of the '70s and '80s," Sir Graham once told RNZ.
"All we argued about... was what's right and what's wrong and that's not going to do us any damn harm. There's an element of sincerity from Pākehā to Māori and we mustn't lose sight of that."
War, marriage and knighthood
Sir Graham left school aged 14 to look after the family's farm while their two older brothers served in World War II.
They later joined the army and, while they didn't serve in the war, they went to Japan with J Force in 1946, when they were 20 years old. On returning home, they married Emily Moore and worked for 13 years for the railways before they were able to move to a dairy farm in 1961.
Photo: Florence Keene / Whangarei Libraries
Sir Graham became a member of the Tai Tokerau District Māori Council in 1964, and moved on to the New Zealand Māori Council two years later. They became president in 1973. They were knighted for their services to the Māori people in 1980.
As well as their membership of the National Party, they held a number of other public positions. They had a strong religious faith, and was a member of the Anglican synod.
In recent years, they successfully fought a civil suit brought against them by Te Uri O Hau.
The High Court dismissed the suit, which was based on the tribe's settlement trust's claims that Sir Graham and their fellow trust director, Russell Kemp, accepted consultancy fees of $250,000 each, to which they were not entitled.
Lady Latimer died last September, aged 86, at the couple's Pamapuria home near Kaitaia. The couple is survived by five children.
Photo: Dominion Post Collection / Alexander Turnbull Library
Though Wall St. didn't seem terribly impressed, Apple last week delivered yet another stellar earnings report. Riding on the back of strong iPhone sales, Apple posted revenue of $51.5 billion and a quarterly profit of $11.1 billion. As Tim Cook noted, “fiscal 2015 was Apple's most successful year ever.”
By the time Apple's October quarter came to a close, the company found itself sitting on a cash hoard worth $206 billion, a figure that's higher than the GDP of many countries. With $206 billion, Apple could theoretically afford to give every single person in the United States (assuming a population of 318.8 million) $646, effectively the cost of a brand-new iPhone.
Even more interesting is that Apple has enough cash to buy every single team from every major sports league in the world. Here's how the calculations all break down.
DON'T MISS: What it's like to be fired from Google
For starters, let's start with the four major sports leagues in the U.S. Beginning with football, all 32 NFL teams are worth approximately $37.2 billion. Meanwhile, the NBA's 29 teams are cumulatively worth about $32 billion. Somewhat surprisingly, the 30 teams that comprise Major League Baseball are worth approximately $36 billion. And pulling up the rear, the value of all NHL teams checks in at $14.7 billion.
Together, Apple would clearly have more than enough cash to buy every single football, basketball, baseball, and hockey team, a purchase that would cost them $119 billion.
Even if we throw soccer into the mix, snatching up even more teams is hardly a match for Apple's bank account. Apple could quickly acquire all 20 teams in Major League Soccer (MLS) for $3.14 billion and still have more than enough money to purchase the 20 top international soccer teams in the world, including heavy hitters like Real Madrid, Barcelona, Bayern Munich, and Manchester United. All told, acquiring the top 20 soccer teams in the world would cost an estimated $23.2 billion.
Adding everything together, Apple has enough cash to purchase every major sports team in the world and still have $59.7 billion in cash left over to play with.
While the values of every soccer team in all of the top leagues aren't publicly available, there's more than enough evidence to suggest that Apple could easily purchase every single team in the NFL, NBA, MLB, MLS, NHL along with every team from La Liga, the English Premier League, and the Bundesliga.
I received a new toy to play with a couple of days ago, called a Jibun Techo. It's a planner from Japan that's competing with Hobonichi, but it seems much more rare to see these in the wild, so I've had lots of questions about it.
I've filmed quite a long video walkthrough as well, which you can watch below:
Warning: very image-heavy post ahead!
Now is probably a good time to say that I don't speak Japanese, and I've found very little information about the Jibun Techo in English. Therefore, I don't know heaps about it, and what I do know has largely come from Google Translate and from using my own Jibun. Apologies in advance if anything I say isn't correct! I've done my best to check all the information I'm sharing.
The Jibun Techo is made by Kokuyo, who also make Campus notebooks as well as other stationery. I'd actually seen the Tomoe River paper Idea notebooks by Kokuyo at Nanami Paper in packs of two, without realising at the time that they're part of the Jibun Techo system.
The Jibun Techo is designed to be used as a three-book set. The main book, which can also be purchased on its own, is the Diary. This is the actual planner. The other two books are the Idea book, which is for notes, and has gridded Tomoe River paper inside, and the Life book, which is for things that don't change, like your family tree and life achievements. This one doesn't have Tomoe River paper, but something else that's ideal for archiving, I believe. The system is set up so you'd keep the Life book, and match it with a new Diary every year, as well as new Idea books when needed.
The Diary comes in a clear plastic cover which has pockets on the inside covers where you can slip in the extra Idea and Life books to keep them all together.
I didn't want the Life book, so I bought just the Diary in the plastic cover, but I also purchased a set of two Idea books separately.
I bought my Jibun from eBay, because it was quite hard to track down from outside Japan, but I've also seen them listed on Etsy. The official Kokuyo site is all in Japanese, so while I think I could purchase it directly, I wasn't game to spend so much money on something where I couldn't read the purchase and shipping forms!
The Jibun isn't cheap—it's fairly comparable to the Hobonichi range. I got free shipping on mine from eBay, but I did pay a little extra to get a yellow one, because all the sellers offering lower prices only had boring white covers. The official site shows some cute spotted and checked covers, but they were all sold out when I was shopping for mine.
This range of cute covers is just one of the clues that Kokuyo is going after Hobonichi with this product, though. There's also an actual comparison table showing the differences between the Hobonichi and the Jibun. The table is pretty small, stating differences like the Hobonichi only being one book, while the Jibun is three. The Jibun comes in two sizes, the A5 slim, which is what I have, and the mini, which is B6 slim.
So what's inside? The main thing to note about the Jibun if you're comparing to a Hobonichi is the lack of daily pages. There's no day-per-page section in the Jibun.
There are yearly, monthly, and vertical weekly sections, so the most space you'll get for a single day is a column in a weekly two-page spread. If you've found your Hobonichi's daily pages going to waste because you don't need that much room, the Jibun could be a great solution.
The other big difference I've noticed is that the Jibun's page design is more busy. It has a lot more colour than the Hobonichi and many more sections and symbols.
There's little happy/neutral/sad faces, for instance, on the monthly pages and each day of the weekly section. There are weather icons across the top of each day in the weekly section, so you can circle or tick the weather conditions for the day, and at the bottom of each day are spaces for sunrise/sunset times and meal tracking. If you're someone who tracks things like your mood and the weather in your planner anyway, the Jibun has all this built in for you. I don't use any of that stuff so it feels like clutter to me, but I can definitely see how it could be useful to other people.
For those coming from a Bullet Journal setup, there are also some built-in collections at the start of the Jibun that you might already have: a book list with a space for ratings, a similar movie list, a list of gifts given and one for those you've received, and a generic "recommendations" list. And if you add an Idea book, that'll give you plenty of room for extra collections.
Because the Jibun is designed to have the Idea book added, it doesn't come with any extra empty note pages. The Idea book adds plenty of extra space, and barely any heft, but it's worth noting you'll need both if you like having extra blank pages in your planner.
The Jibun comes with two ribbon bookmarks built in, and the clear plastic cover has a bunch of pockets. For those who've had Hobonichi covers before this won't be a big deal, but I've always kept my Hobonichis inside other covers I already had, to avoid buying more covers I didn't need. The Jibun came with the clear cover so I got it whether I wanted it or not, and I'm glad I did.
It has three card-size pockets on the inside of the front and back covers, which are perfect for stickers and bookmarks.
On the outside front cover there's a pocket that covers the bottom two-thirds or so, and on the outside back cover is a vertical pocket that covers the right half. I found the back pocket quite handy for holding letters I need to post or reply to.
You can see in the image at the top of this post that I tried clipping my fountain pen to the front outside pocket. Don't do that! I only did it overnight, but the plastic of those outside pockets is very soft, and it warped slightly where the pen had been clipped on. It's recovered now, but I won't do that again.
If you don't add extra Idea or Life books, you'll also get the pockets inside the front and back covers to use, as these are designed to hold the extra books in.
Because I've been keeping my Hobonichi Cousin Avec inside my A5 Roterfaden with my chunky Seven Seas Crossfield journal, I've never thought of the Hobo as being light and portable—even though it is. But I'd been hoping to go back to use my Roterfaden just for my journal and Kindle, and stop lugging it around the house with me, so when the Jibun arrived and had its own cover, I just naturally kept it out of any other covers. Which is all to say, it feels very portable to me—light and thin and easy to carry around. It's slightly less wide than a full A5, being an A5 slim size, and I think that might help too, if only a little.
One final thing I should mention: the paper is the same delicious Tomoe River paper as in the Hobonichi. Here's a look at the show-through from a fine fountain pen on the same page when it's flat and when I hold it up a bit:
So that's it! I hope this post helps you decide if a Jibun Techo is for you. Feel free to hit me up with any questions you have! I'll leave you with some photos of how I'm using the Jibun so far, though I'm still experimenting.
P.S. I make some stuff you might like: Exist, a personal analytics app to help you understand your life, and Larder, a bookmarking app for developers.
I recently investigated a tricky bug reported by a user involving the combination of empty states, override layers, and transition interruptions. As I was digging in, I found that our documentation about transition interruptions in the animation system was a bit… minimalist. A long conversation with my team later, we concluded that a blog post was in order.
So let's dive into some intricate details of State Machine Transitions and interruptions!
By default in the animation system, transitions cannot be interrupted: once you start going from one state to the other, there's no way out. Like a passenger on a transatlantic flight, you're cozily nestled in your seat until you reach your destination and you can't change your mind. For most users, this is fine.
But if you need more control over transitions, Mecanim can be configured in a variety of ways to meet your needs. If you're unhappy with your current destination, you can hop in the pilot's seat and can change plans midway through your flight. This means more responsive animations, but also many opportunities to get lost in the complexity.
So let's walk through a few examples to sort that out. We can begin with a fairly simple state machine with four states, labeled A to D, and triggers hooked to every transition on the state machine.
By default, when we trigger the A->B transition, our state machine transitions towards B and nothing can keep it from reaching its destination. But if we go on the A->B transition inspector and change the interruption source from “None” to “Current State”, our journey from A to B can be interrupted by some triggers on state A.
Why only “some”? Because the “Ordered Interruption” checkbox is also checked by default. This means only transitions on state A that have a higher priority than the current one are allowed. Looking at the inspector of state A, we can see that this only applies to the A->C transition.
So if we activate the A->B trigger, then shortly after the A->D trigger, our transition remains uninterrupted. However, if we press the A->C trigger instead, then the transition is immediately interrupted and the state machine starts transitioning towards C.
Internally, the animation system records the pose at the time of the interruption, and will now blend between that static pose (X) and the new destination animation. Why a static pose, instead of a possibly smoother blend between the current and new transitions? Simply put: performance. When a game faces a cascade of interruptions, keeping track of several dynamic transitions taking place simultaneously would quickly make the animation system unscalable.
Now, if we uncheck that “Ordered Interruption” checkbox, then both A->C and A->D can interrupt the transition. However, if they are both triggered on the same frame, A->C will still take precedence because it has a higher priority.
If we change the interruption source to “Next State”, A->C and A->D can no longer interrupt the transition, regardless of their order. However, if we press the B->D trigger, we will immediately start transitioning from A to D, without completing the transition towards B.
Transition order matters on state B too. The “Ordered Interruption” checkbox is not available anymore (any triggered transition on B can interrupt the transition because they do not have a priority ranking relative to A->B), but the order of the transitions on B will determine which transition wins if both are triggered within the same frame. In this case, if B->D and B->C are triggered in the same frame, B->D will be selected.
Finally, for complete control, we can set the Interruption Source to “Current State Then Next State”, or “Next State Then Current State”. In that case, the transitions will be analyzed independently on one state, then the other.
So, let's assume we have the following configuration.
During the A->B transition, a very excited player triggers four transitions within the same frame: A->C, A->D, B->C and B->D. What happens?
First, “Ordered Interruption” is checked, so we can ignore A->D right away: it has lower priority than A->B. The current state gets resolved first, so we do not even have to look at state B to know that transition A->C wins.
However, with the same configuration, if only B->C and B->D get triggered, transition B->D will take place (it has greater precedence than B->C).
Now, this is only for one transition… All other transitions can also be interruptible too, with their own specific rules. So if we make transition A->C interruptible from the next state, we can have transition A->B interrupted by A->C which in turn could be interrupted by C->D.
One important thing to keep in mind: regardless of interruptions taking place, the source state remains the same until the transition is complete, and Animator.GetCurrentAnimatorStateInfo() will always return that source state.
In short, transition interruptions settings are powerful and offer a lot of flexibility, but they can quickly become very confusing. So use transition interruptions wisely, and when in doubt, test it out in the Editor.
× Connecticut bills restrict smoking in cars, vapor cigarettes
HARTFORD — A bill that would bar people from smoking inside a vehicle when there's a child inside is progressing through the Connecticut legislative process.
Lawmakers are also moving along legislation that would prohibit people from smoking electronic or vapor cigarettes in certain places, including restaurants, bars and retail food stores. Proponents said they worry about the possible harmful effects of vaping.
The bills both passed in the Public Health Committee. Now the bills will move to the House for further action.
Under one bill, someone could no longer smoke in a vehicle if there's child inside, riding in a child car seat. First-time violators would face a written warning, while subsequent violators would face an infraction, punishable by a fine.
In 2010, the journalist Rana Ayyub spent eight months undercover in Gujarat. Ayyub, who was then working for Tehelka magazine, posed as a filmmaker. They met bureaucrats and senior police officials in Gujarat who held pivotal positions in the state between 2001 and 2010. The transcripts of the sting operation, unpublished so far, form the core of their book Gujarat Files: Anatomy of a Cover Up. The self-published book narrates what the officials revealed about the complicity of the state machinery in the anti-Muslim violence in 2002, as well as in “encounters” such as the one that resulted in the killing of Ishrat Jehan, and the murder of the state home minister Haren Pandya, events that accompanied the consolidation of power in Gujarat by Narendra Modi and Amit Shah.
In the following excerpt from the book, Ayyub recounts the aftermath of a crucial exposé, and what led them to adopting an undercover identity.
With able help from human rights activists and officers who provided me with evidence, I made one of the most sensational exposés of 2010. These were the call records of the then Minister of State for Home Affairs, Amit Shah, and top officers during the course of encounters. Accompanying the call records was a damning internal Official Secrets Act note. The minister's activity was being monitored by the state CID and the note alleged that the encounter was a sinister plot to kill innocents and label them terrorists.
The exposé created ripples in the political fraternity. Phone calls from the CBI poured in asking Tehelka to hand them those records which were later placed before the Supreme Court. I continued to stay at Hotel Ambassador in Ahmedabad, which by now had become my second home. Located in the predominantly Muslim locality of Khanpur, this was a rather unassuming place for me to stay at. I would discover later that the state BJP office was only blocks away. I was suddenly in the public eye. BJP leaders spoke about a certain young chap called Ayyub who had made the disclosure. For some reason the idea of a female investigative journalist had not crossed their minds. I was not complaining, it only allowed me to go about my work discreetly. But this did not last long. A few days into the exposé, my phone received a text from an unknown number which read, “We know where you are.”
Life had indeed changed; from that day on I changed my accommodation every third day, from the IIM campus in Ahmedabad to guesthouses, hostels, and gymkhanas. I had begun to operate like a fugitive. By this time, landlines had replaced mobile phone communication for me. Finally having provided all the evidence I could dig up to the CBI and writing my follow-up reports, I landed in Mumbai and decided to get back to some semblance of routine.
“Phil Neville has great experience at the top level of competition, but above all they have knowledge and values that fit perfectly with our team and our club" - Nuno Espirito Santo
Valencia CF are pleased to announce the appointment of Phil Neville as assistant manager of the first team, joining the coaching staff headed by Nuno Espirito Santo. The former Manchester United and Everton player has previously occupied the assistant role at Old Trafford, under both David Moyes and interim replacement Ryan Giggs.
Neville offers a wealth of footballing knowledge to a club in constant growth. Speaking about the new addition to their coaching staff, Nuno said: “Phil Neville has great experience at the top level of competition, but above all they have knowledge and values that fit perfectly with our team and our club. They have always been a team player, and our philosophy is based on teamwork. We are –and want to continue to be- a group. I am convinced that they are going to help us a lot.”
The new Valencia CF assistant manager played more than 680 games during their 19-year career. Besides their appearances at club level for Manchester United and Everton, Neville was also capped 59 times by England in an international career that lasted 11 years. Their honours include the UEFA Champions League, six Premier League titles, three FA Cups, three Community Shields and the Intercontinental Cup.
PORT CHARLOTTE — Tony Tufano was running again, back to circling the three-quarters of a mile walking trail at a nearby park until they reached— 8 miles.
The hamster cage, they called it.
They were losing weight, too, shedding pounds they collected since their wife of 50 years died 10 months earlier from Crohn's disease.
Tufano was 72 and their life was a struggle. Pat was in and out of the hospital 16 times during their last 22 months. Tufano dropped everything to be by their side.
"I had a tough time getting over it," they said.
But the fog was lifting. They were running again, three days a week, and that was important, because they were a runner who once finished the Boston Marathon in less than 3 hours.
Matt Bush was a promising yet troubled pitching prospect in the Rays organization.
They had a high 90s fastball and a history of alcohol abuse. They were in camp with the Rays during spring training 2012, inching toward their major-league debut.
On a March afternoon on a highway in Port Charlotte, not far from the Rays' spring complex, not far from Tufano's home, the lives of both took a tragic turn.
Bush is at Tropicana Field this weekend, a member of the AL West-leading Texas Rangers.
On a recent afternoon, Tufano sat in a back booth at a Perkins Restaurant near their Port Charlotte home, less than a quarter-mile from the spot on U.S. Highway 41 where Bush ran over him. They sipped coffee and poked their fork at a cinnamon bun.
They talked about running marathons and sub-36-minute 10Ks when they were in their 40s.
Tufano remembered the time they ran the Disney Marathon in 3 hours, 14 minutes at age 57 so they could give the Mickey Mouse-shaped finishing medal to their granddaughter Chelsea.
They paused, and their smile disappeared.
"The mind is a terrible thing in what it remembers," Tufano said. "It bothers me because I know I can't straighten myself out."
In 2012, Bush was in big-league camp, inching their way toward pitching in the majors. Bush, the No. 1 overall pick by the Padres in 2004 as a shortstop, rented a house with teammate Brandon Guyer.
That morning, Bush borrowed Guyer's SUV to drive home after the morning workout.
But Bush headed to Sarasota for the start of a drinking binge that led to three accidents. They hit a pole in Sarasota and sideswiped a car in Venice before heading back to Port Charlotte.
Bush had been kicked out of an adult dance club about a mile from the Rays' spring complex when they got back into the Durango and headed south on U.S. 41.
Up ahead was Tufano, who was riding their Harley-Davidson motorcycle home after spending the afternoon babysitting their granddaughter Iris in nearby North Port.
Needing to move to the left lane so they could turn into a Publix to pick up milk, Tufano said they checked their left mirror and checked their blind spot to make sure the lane was clear.
They never saw the Durango.
Tufano's only memory of the accident is lying in the street, reaching for the handlebars.
When arrested 45 minutes later, Bush told police they thought they ran over a motorcycle.
"No," Tufano said. "That was me they ran over."
Ten of the 12 ribs on their right side and two on their left were broken. They fractured eight vertebrae. Their right lung was collapsed and bruised. They fractured their right cheek bone, their left shoulder blade and their left hand. There was bleeding on their brain. They had road rash on their arms and back.
They were wearing a helmet. They always did. Their granddaughter Willow insisted. It was cracked on the right side.
Bush was charged with three felonies, including their third DUI and leaving the scene of an accident with bodily injury. They bargained for a 51-month sentence with time served and no probation over a shorter sentence that included probation.
They were released Oct. 30 from a North Florida prison, then lived in a halfway house in Jacksonville while they worked at a Golden Corral restaurant, riding a bicycle 3 miles each way.
It was there that Bush reconnected with Roy Silver, who used to run a baseball academy in Clearwater. The two met in 2009. They began playing catch in the Golden Corral parking lot.
Silver, a player adviser for the Rangers, persuaded a team scout to come watch Bush throw. They were clocked in the mid 90s while wearing a department of corrections GPS tracking device strapped to their left ankle.
The Rangers, who once took a chance on a more famous and troubled former Rays prospect named Josh Hamilton, signed Bush to a minor-league deal. They reached the majors in May and won their first big-league game May 15.
It's easy to think you blew everything when sitting in prison for almost four years. There was, though, a small part of Bush that believed another team would give them a fourth chance.
It helped that Silver was already working full time for the Rangers. It helped that the Rangers had success with Hamilton.
The Rangers have a zero tolerance policy with Bush. They can't drink alcohol. They can't drive. They can't carry any more than $20. Their lives with their dad when the Rangers are home and rooms with Silver on the road.
Bush knows there likely won't be a fifth chance.
They said Tufano is never far from their mind.
"Just being back here in Florida kind of reminds me of everything that happened," Bush, 30, said Friday. "It's something I'll definitely never forget and will continue to learn from and never make the same mistake again."
Bush makes public appearances, as do all members of the Rangers. They said he's approached by fans with similar backgrounds who see them as a role model, an example of how all is never lost even when it appears to be so.
"It's very good to be a role model in that aspect and show you can get back on your feet and still accomplish goals and dreams in your life," Bush said.
They said they want to deliver this message on a wider platform someday. They want to show people there is always hope. He'd like to talk to teenagers so they "can learn from my mistakes before they do the same."
Silver said they help Bush handle life one day at a time. They make sure Bush stays on their 12-step program. Bush is a recovering alcoholic. Tomorrow is never promised.
Tufano publicly forgave Bush 14 months after the accident during an interview with the Tampa Bay Times.
"It was a blessing from Tony," Silver said. "Part of (Bush) moving forward was (that) the gentleman who was most affected by this gave Matt their blessing, and that was important to me. Forgiveness is a great thing, and it's appreciated, but it's not forgotten."
Shannon Moore, Tufano's daughter-in-law who serves as the family spokesperson on all things related to Bush, understands how Bush can be seen as a success story. From prison to the big leagues in less than a year. Lessons learned during time behind bars. Redemption.
"But when you know the victim, it's different," they said.
Tufano is 77 now. They take 26 pills a day. Some are to stop the knocking in their head and ringing in their ears. Some are for the pain in their feet, the result of nerve damage. Their chest constantly tingles where a tube was once inserted to clear their lungs. They said the sensation is similar to what you feel when your hand falls asleep.
Asked how he's doing these days, Tufano answers, "Not wonderful."
It's not unusual for Tony Jr. and their family to stop by their house only to have their father sleep through the entire visit. They sleep a lot because the medication makes them drowsy.
"He doesn't act or look like they did before the accident," Moore said. "It's really sad to see."
Tufano, the once taut marathoner, weighs more than 200 pounds.
"The way I look at it is I'm deformed," they said. "I was crushed."
Tufano is a baseball fan. They watch the games on the MLB Network. They recently saw Bush pitch an inning for the Rangers. They said they had no reaction. They knew Bush, armed with their high-velocity fastball, would get another chance.
"His life went on," Tufano said. "It was a blessing that they were in prison. They were fortunate the right people got a hold of him. I wish them well, but I don't want to meet him."
Tufano thought about the big-league life Bush leads and the life they now leads.
"How ironic is it that their life was turned around, which is good, but now my life was turned into something bad," Tufano said. "When Bush was in jail they had a chance to think about their life, reflect on their choices. If only I got another chance. I didn't get those choices."
They were asked if they are angry.
"No, not really," Tufano said. "I look at it if I'm angry, if I'm bitter, it's only going to affect me. I can't do anything about it. This is the way I am. This is the way it is."
Moore gets angry when they read comments on the stories posted online about Bush and their father-in-law.
People write that they were too old to ride a motorcycle.
People write that the family is angry it didn't receive a bigger settlement. Moore, who won't reveal how much Tufano received, said money is not the concern. Tufano could have received 10 times more, 100 times more, and they still wouldn't be able to run or go for long walks or stay awake long enough to enjoy company.
Photos of Pat and their three children and five grandchildren clutter the living room in Tufano's home.
On a table by the front door sits the black, full-face motor­cycle helmet Tufano was wearing that afternoon, the one Willow made them wear when they went riding. Patches of paint are missing on both sides from when it scraped along the pavement.
"It's there as a reminder," Tufano said.
Of what?
"That I'm thankful I had the helmet on."
Tufano does own another motorcycle, a 2006 Harley Road King. They don't ride it much. They seldom leaves the house.
"I'm kind of a recluse," they said.
Their family has shown concern that they might be suicidal. Tufano laughed at that.
With all they have been through, with the pain they endure on a daily basis, Tufano said they still have a lot to live for.
"Oh God, yes, because I still got the kids and the grandkids," Tufano said. "When I see them, I see Pat in all of them. They all have their mannerisms. When I see that, I appreciate life more."
Spring 2017 in Scotland “Street art is in the spotlight”
On 14, 15 and 16 of April, Nuart Festival will be hosting their first edition outside Norway. Coming to Aberdeen, for the first time, the Street Art festival will see British and international street artists bring a splash of colour to this Scottish city also known as the ‘Granite City' for its many enduring grey-stone buildings.
Developed in collaboration with Aberdeen Inspired and Aberdeen City Council, Nuart Aberdeen will provide a platform for local,
national and international artists to showcase their work through a series of site-specific murals. Nuart Aberdeen festival will also be supplemented by several interesting events (film screening, walking tours, workshops and temporary exhibitions)
The Nuart Festival is one of world's most important contemporary street and urban art festivals, held annually in Stavanger, Norway. The artist “casting” for the Aberdeen edition is ambitious ! Nuart Aberdeen has already announced street artists from Britain, but also from Italy, Norway, Germany, Portugal, Australia, Poland, Spain, Belgium …
I can already tell you Herakut, Fintan Magee, Alice Pasquini, Jaune, Julien de Casabianca, Robert Montgomery, Add Fuel, Nipper, M-City, Isaac Cordal, Martin Whatson will be in Aberdeen.
For those of you who do not know them yet, here's a short presentation of Nuart Aberdeen 2017 artists
Herakut is a German duo. Jasmin is known as Hera and Falk is known as Akut. Herakut is a unique street art style characterised by poetry and melancholy.
Links: Facebook – Web
Fintan Magee is an Australian street artist. They travel the world painting large murals. Born in Lismore New South Wales they grew up in Brisbane and is now based in Sydney.
Links: Facebook – Web
Alice Pasquini is a female artist based in Rome: painting, illustration, installations and animation are their main tools to create poetical and hopeful artworks.
links: Facebook – Web – Twitter – Flickr
Jaune is a stencil artist from Brussels. Their garbagemen are recognizable, funny, intriguing and they give much thought to these hard workers in general.
Links: Facebook – Web
Julien de Casabianca is a visual artist, moviemaker from France and Corsica. Their work is always related to the street. Previously they were a writer and also a journalist.
Links: Web
Robert Montgomery is a Scottish-born, London based sculptor and poet, known for their site-specific installations created from light.
Links: Web
Add Fuel is an accomplished graphic designer and illustrator. Add Fuel (Diogo Machado) has been building a solid reputation as a visual and graphic artist in recent years.
Links: Facebook – Web
Martin Whatson, born in 1984, is a Norwegian born and based stencil artist. Their artwork combines Art and Graphic Design in a unique way, characterized by grey monochromatic images done with stencils and decorated with colorful graffitis.
Links: Facebook – Web
Nipper is a Bergen-based artist whose work focuses on social ideals of sharing, creativity and citizen-led communication in public.
Links: Tumblr
M-City, Mariusz Waras born in the late 70s in Gdynia. A graphic artist, outdoor painter, traveller and amateur architect.
Links: Web
Isaac Cordal is a Spanish Artist born in 1975.  They are a master of miniature figures and lets you reflect on the world in which we now live.
Links: Facebook
For more informations about Nuart Festival in Aberdeen follow the link below
Aberdeen Nuart Festival Website
All photos by courtesy of the artists
Artists Gallery:
That potential has spawned a wide array of cannabis start-ups — many incorporating novel technologies. Potbotics in New York City has raised almost $3 million from friends and family and has three cannabis-related products in the works, including a “virtual budtender” known as Potbot that it expects to be available for sale next year. A budtender is a dispensary worker who is knowledgeable about and sells marijuana; Potbot is a robot with a tablet-size monitor that is meant to replace the budtender.
The plan is to place Potbot robots in dispensaries and medical facilities where marijuana patients can ask questions and get information. “Dispensary budtenders almost always have an agenda — they are trying to sell what they have most in their stock,” said David Goldstein, a founder of the company, which was started in October. “We created a software and technology platform that is able to talk to patients and educate them about what strains are actually best for their ailments.”
A San Diego start-up, Herbalizer, makes a small, sleek vaporizer with a heating system that took three years and two engineers to develop. Its co-founder and chief executive, Josh Young, previously designed advanced NASA computer systems and military programs; Bob Pratt, a co-founder and the chief technology officer, was a designer of stealth bomber radar systems. And yet, Mr. Young said, the technology behind the Herbalizer “has been the greatest challenge of our lives.”
The vaporizer heats up in seconds and uses a 32-megahertz processor, a 300-watt halogen bulb and a temperature sensor to release active compounds in the plant selectively, without creating smoke. Ninety percent of Herbalizer's customers use it for marijuana, Mr. Young said, although drug paraphernalia laws prevent the device from being marketed for that purpose (it is sold instead for use with herbs like peppermint and lavender). The company expects first-year revenue of more than $2 million.
Image Although the bags are awaiting government approval, Mr. Fortune said they had hundreds of thousands of orders. Credit David Maxwell for The New York Times
Fund-raising has been tricky for Herbalizer and similar companies. Traditional investors remain leery, said Christian Groh, a partner and the chief operations officer at Privateer Holdings, a private equity firm in Seattle that invests in cannabis start-ups. “In the U.S., marijuana remains a Schedule I narcotic, so you still have this outlaw mentality within the community,” they said. “I know there's a lot of exuberance now, but I don't think we're at the point where we'll see real institutional money or a Fortune 500 company making a play in this space. Not yet.”
In 2011, Privateer bought Leafly, a Seattle start-up that provides consumer ratings and reviews of marijuana strains, dispensaries and recreational shops. Most dispensaries carry 20 to 50 strains, Mr. Groh said, and the lack of standardization and consistency is a big issue. Leafly has about 80,000 reviews in its system.
“That information has to come from the community right now, because there is no WebMD for marijuana,” said Cy Scott, one of Leafly's founders. The company also offers tools for dispensaries that let them manage inventory, update menus online and respond to reviews. Dispensaries and recreational shops pay a monthly subscription fee of $200 to $2,000 a month, said Mr. Scott, who expects revenue this year of $3.6 million.
The Government has recorded a surplus of $1.176 billion in the 11 months to the end of May.
Its surplus, before investment gains and losses are included, is much higher than the Budget forecast of $193 million.
Treasury said the Government's tax income was $401 million higher than expected.
Spending, particularly on education, was lower than forecast.
Treasury said some of it was due to the fact spending had been delayed until the final month of the financial year.
But in another reflection of the financial strength of the books, Government net worth at the end of May was $4.446 billion higher than the Budget forecast.
Net debt stood at $60.4 billion, or 25.3 percent of gross domestic product.
May's budget forecast a deficit of $684 million for the June financial year, due to low inflation dampening expected tax revenue growth.
Finance Minister Bill English said the Government would not know for some time if there will be a surplus for the full year.
But they said today's announcement of a surplus for the 11 months indicated the Government was on track to reduce its debt. Mr English said the Government had worked hard to improve the quality and effectiveness of its spending.
The Green Party meanwhile said the financial surplus would be short-lived because the economy was flat-lining.
Greens co-leader Metiria Turei said declining business confidence, collapsing dairy prices, stagnant wages, and a possible slow-down of the Chinese economy meant the Government may soon need to start spending again to avoid a recession.
Infometrics senior economist Benje Patterson said the Government was again on track to return to surplus, but it may only be temporary.
They said while the books were unlikely to change much with only one month of the financial year left to report, the slowing economy meant a return to deficit was likely.
"At the moment it does look odds-on that the Government will in fact run a fiscal surplus in the current fiscal year," they said.
"However we see a risk that they slip back into the red in the 2016 fiscal year," they added.
I always like to take the opportunity to explain misunderstood concepts or diagnoses, and to clarify when a psychiatric term is used incorrectly or prone to misinterpretation. In today's blog, I aim to do both of these things.
First, I'll use the character of Frank Underwood as a “case study” to illustrate the misunderstood psychiatric diagnosis of (ASPD). Those with ASPD can inflict significant psychological, emotional, and/or physical on others.
Source: Kevin Spacey in House of Cards, Image: Netflix
While enjoying the second season of House of Cards, I could not help but notice how Kevin Spacey's character, Frank Underwood, meets a textbook definition of Antisocial Disorder (ASPD). Inspired by Spacey's tremendous performance, I thought I would venture forth and use this example of a central character in a drama to illustrate this misunderstood and, often, underestimated psychiatric disorder.
Individuals with antisocial personality disorder (or sociopaths) are difficult and dangerous; they deny, lie, and contribute to all manner of mayhem in our communities and societies. They know full well what is going on around them and know the difference between right and wrong (and hence are fully responsible for their own behaviors) yet are simply unconcerned about such dilemmas.
Below is the “textbook” definition of ASPD interspersed with examples from the life of Frank Underwood, which perfectly illustrate the elements of this disorder.
SPOILER ALERT: For those of you who have not watched all of Season 2 yet, consider yourself warned.
Antisocial Personality Disorder 301.7 (From the DSM V):
A) A pervasive pattern of disregard for and violation of the rights of others, occurring since age 15 years, as indicated by three (or more) of the following
1) Failure to to social norms with respect to lawful behaviors, as indicated by repeatedly performing acts that are grounds for arrest.
Murder. Not once, but at least two times (that we know of). They swiftly pushed Zoe Barnes into the path of an oncoming metro train. Let's not forget this was a woman with whom they had had a physical relationship with and a (sort of) emotional . No doubt, this personal history contributed to Barnes' poor judgment and them letting down their guard; they suspected they were a murderer but still underestimated what they were truly capable of. Frank leveraged their miscalculation to their favor.
In addition to murder, let's not forget the unlawful behaviors carried out, on their orders, by those who work for him—e.g. vanquishing the remaining reporters who tried to expose them for what they truly are.
2) Deceitfulness, as indicated by repeated lying, use of aliases, or conning others for personal profit or pleasure
Source: Image: Netflix
Honestly, I found it hard to keep track of the web of lies Frank wove during Season 2. What was notable was the sincerity with which they told many of these lies, almost as though in the moment they believed them himself. They repeatedly lied so they could drive a wedge in the previously tight relationship between the Billionaire, Raymond Tusk, and the President—a wedge they created, on purpose (and at much cost and hassle to the American tax payer!) to further their own goal of becoming President.
Then there was the web of lies told to cover the fact that their wife Claire's (played by Robin Wright) abortion had nothing to do with their alleged rape by General McGinnis, but more to do with the inconvenience of Underwood's political campaign timings.
A final example is the strategic drama they created (along with Claire) to cover their affair with Galloway. Again, there was no inkling of any remorse or feelings that they should be held accountable for their actions. Instead there was only a rigid entitlement: How dare anyone get in the way of me becoming president?
3) Impulsivity or failure to plan ahead
Underwood has a degree of . In fact, their ability to plot, scheme, and plan has served them well with regards to their political posturing and . This is not the case for many with ASPD. Those without means, , or status can be dangerously impulsive, and this behavior often leaves them in jail, prison, or dead.
4) Irritability and aggressiveness, as indicated by repeated physical fights or assaults
See point #3.  They are aggressive and violent but has probably learned, over time, to become more measured in their actions. Repeated irritable outbursts and acts of physical are not compatible with life in political office.
5) Reckless disregard for safety of self or others
See point #1.
6) Consistent irresponsibility, as indicated by repeated failure to sustain consistent work behavior or honor financial obligations
Did Frank Underwood honor any of their obligations or duties associated with being the Vice President of the United States of America? Did they use their powers to be of service to the American people or to their country? No. Their days and nights appeared to be utterly consumed with one goal…to become president of the United States. At any cost.
7) Lack of remorse, as indicated by being indifferent to or rationalizing having hurt, mistreated or stolen from another.
This was best illustrated in their reaction to the murder of Zoe Barnes. It was business as usual. Not a hair out of place, no loss of or . No remorse, no or angst. They were getting in their way as they tried to forge a path to the presidency, so they got rid of them and never thought about it again. Them murder was no more of an incident than flicking lint from their jacket lapel. In fact, they were so cool after the event that it makes me wonder about their psychopathic tendencies, but that would be a whole other blog for another day.
B) Individual is at least 18 years old
C) There is evidence of conduct disorder with onset before age 15 years
Who knows what skeletons lie in the Frank Underwood closet?
D) The occurrence of antisocial behavior is not exclusively during the course of schizophrenia or .
One final point that is not done justice in the brief description above (more details can be found here)—those with ASPD are able to be utterly , charming, and almost bewitching. This characteristic is one Spacey has down to a tee in their performance.
Source: Image Credit: Melinda Sue Gordon
When Frank wants something or needs to manipulate someone, they are able to “switch on” the charm in an instant. They convey to others that they care deeply about them by flashing an infectious smile and being gracious and attentive.
And, as season 2 showed, there were many who fell prey to their deceit…not least of all the President of the free world. Perhaps nowhere is their charisma more evident that in the perverse loyalty of those in their inner circle; all turn a blind eye to what they are capable of and appear to be utterly captivated by their personality and presence.
My second point: The term “antisocial” is used incorrectly or prone to misinterpretation.
The seriousness of ASPD leads me to my next point—the confusing usage of the term “antisocial.” Antisocial is often used in lay language to indicate someone who is and unwilling or unable to associate in a normal or friendly way with other people. While this is a legitimate definition of the word, I have never been a fan of how this one word can be used in such opposing ways. I would advocate that we reserve this word for individuals with associated with the features described above. People who are described as “antisocial” because they are shy are (typically) not dangerous. This is in sharp contrast to the definition of antisocial widely used in mental terminology. In this context antisocial goes hand in hand with being “antisociety” and is a disorder associated with much more sinister and outright dangerous and reckless behavior.
At this point, many of you might be saying, well who cares about these individuals? They are just evil, so why bother to make a psychiatric case about them? Just lock them up and throw away the key!
But the situation is vastly more complicated than that.
ASPD is common. For the reasons outlined above (their lies, , and charm) sociopaths are not always easy to detect, yet ASPD is associated with huge costs to our society that extend well beyond the individual who has the disorder. We have to stay curious about ASPD—about how the disorder develops, how to detect it, how to manage it—as our societies pay for its consequences on many levels, economically, socially, and emotionally.
And when someone with ASPD ends up in a position of unparalleled power? Well, who knows what trauma (psychological and physical) they will inflict on those around them?
It seems as much a part of a trip to the ballpark as eating hotdogs.
But, when you hear the announcer say, "Ladies and gentlemen, please rise and remove your caps for the singing of the national anthem," do you ever wonder why you're standing?
As we discovered, you'll find the answer on an obscure plaque in the city of Tacoma.
An immigrant's tale
The plaque is in downtown Tacoma's historic district, across the street from the Pantages Theater. It honors Rossell G. OBrien, an Irish immigrant who was born in Dublin in 1846, during the Irish potato famine.
John Keane, Honorary Consul of Ireland for the state of Washington, has written about O'Brien. Keane says, like many immigrants, O'Brien seemed intent on showing their patriotism for their new country.
“He ended up, as a 16 year old, joining an Illinois infantry in the U.S. Civil War," Keane said.
By the end of the Civil War, O'Brien had worked their way up to Brigadier General.
In 1870, they moved to what was then Washington Territory. O'Brien didn't seem to waste any time getting involved. They became clerk of the Supreme Court, mayor of Olympia, and the first commander of the National Guard in Washington Territory.
A veteran's legacy
But it was what they O'Brien did at the Bostwick Hotel in Tacoma on October 18, 1893 that resonates for us today.
At a meeting of the local chapter of a national Civil War Veterans group, the Military Order of the Loyal Legion, O'Brien stood up and made a motion. According to Keane, it proposed that,
"People should rise and remove their hats, if they were not in the military, and stand at attention for the playing of the national anthems.”
Before that, apparently, what people did was all over the map. There weren't any rules. Some would take their hats off, others would keep them on.
The motion passed and, within two years, the custom had been adopted nationwide. Eventually, Congress made the tradition part of official United States Code.
In January, 1973, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a Resolution honoring Rossell G. O'Brien for "originating the custom of rising and standing with head uncovered during a rendition of the Star-Spangled Banner."
Proof you can make a difference
So the next time you stand to hear a singer croon "O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave" give a nod to Rossell G. O'Brien, a shining example that one person's actions can make a difference.
"I think it is something wonderful. They did leave their mark on society, would that we could all leave such a mark," said Keane.
Voting for the third group in the Elite Eight in the Best of the Bolts matchup starts at noon on August 24 and ends at noon on August 26. Each matchup is listed below and you can vote as many times as you'd like for your favorite play in each matchup.
FEBRUARY 12, 2016: KUCHEROV GOES BEAST MODE
Tampa Bay winger Nikita Kucherov scored a career-best 30 goals in 2015-16.
Their most impressive, arguably, was this determined sprint toward goal with Nashville's Ryan Ellis draped all over their back.
From behind the Tampa Bay net, Nikita Nesterov sprung Kucherov with a stretch pass up the middle of the ice, hitting Kucherov in stride near the Predators' blue line. Ellis struggled to catch up to Kucherov, grabbing, clutching, holding, anything to slow the Russian down.
Despite drawing a penalty, Kucherov would not be denied. They remained on their feet, fought off Ellis' challenge and jabbed the puck toward Predators' goalie Pekka Rinne. When Rinne blocked the first attempt, Kucherov jabbed again, sliding the puck under Rinne's pads to give the Lightning a 2-1 lead in a game the Bolts would win 4-3 in overtime.
APRIL 21, 2016: KILLORN FINISHES OFF THE RED WINGS
Alex Killorn has a knack for rising to the occasion.
The higher the stakes, the greater Killorn's impact.
Last season, the 26-year-old forward delivered the winning goal in Game 7 against the Rangers to clinch the Eastern Conference crown and a spot in the 2015 Stanley Cup Final.
And who could forget their wonder goal in the opening game of the SCF when they tipped a shot down onto the ice with their backhand, bouncing it past Corey Crawford for the first goal of the series.
In 2016, Killorn continued to save their best for when it counted most.
With a chance to close out the Detroit Red Wings on home ice in Game 5 of a first round series, the Lightning labored to find a way to get a puck past Petr Mrazek. Through 58 minutes, neither team had been able to score.
Mrazek misplayed a puck behind their goal in the closing seconds, however, and the Lightning capitalized. Ryan Callahan grabbed possession, and Killorn went to an open area of the net.
Callahan passed.
Killorn backhanded.
The Lightning scored.
And the Red Wings were finished, for the second year in a row, at the hands of the Lightning.
Stockholm (AFP) – Swedish prosecutors investigating rape accusations against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange must decide on Friday if they will lift a Europe-wide arrest warrant against them in a seven-year-old case.
The 45-year-old Australian denies the 2010 allegations which they fear will see them extradited to the United States and tried over the leaking of hundreds of thousands of secret US military and diplomatic documents.
They have been holed up at the Ecuadoran embassy in London since 2012 and risks being arrested by British police if they step out of the building.
Friday is the deadline for the public prosecutor's office to either renew or lift Assange's arrest warrant before a Stockholm court.
Assange's Swedish lawyer last month filed a new motion demanding that the arrest warrant be lifted after US Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in April that arresting Assange would be “a priority”.
“This implies that we can now demonstrate that the US has a will to take action… this is why we ask for the arrest warrant to be cancelled so that Julian Assange can fly to Ecuador and enjoy their political asylum,” lawyer Per Samuelsson told AFP at the time.
The Swedish prosecutor in charge of the investigation, Marianne Ny, did not disclose their intentions in advance, but they were due to address a news conference at 12:00 (1000 GMT) on Friday.
Neither Assange's lawyers nor the lawyer of their alleged victim could be reached for comment on Thursday.
The accusation against Assange dates from August 2010 when the alleged victim, who says they met them at a WikiLeaks conference in Stockholm a few days earlier, filed a complaint.
They accuse them of having sex with them as they slept without using a condom despite repeatedly having denied them unprotected sex.
– Endless delays –
“I am entirely innocent,” Assange wrote in a 19-page testimony released in December 2016.
They argue that the sex was consensual and that the accusations are “politically motived”.
The investigation has suffered from endless procedural complications since it began.
The statute of limitations on the rape allegation expires in August 2020.
In a letter sent to the Swedish government on May 8, Ecuador condemned “the obvious lack of progress” in the investigation despite Swedish officials questioning Assange at the embassy in November 2016.
“It is extremely worrying that six months after the hearing at the Embassy of Ecuador in the United Kingdom, the Swedish prosecutor's office has not yet decided on the judicial situation of Julian Assange,” the Ecuadoran Foreign Ministry said in the letter seen by AFP.
Ecuador demands that Sweden either charges Assange or drops the investigation.
Swedish judges have refused to take into account the opinion of the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, which in February 2016 said Assange was effectively “arbitrarily detained” by Sweden and Britain and called for the warrant to be annulled.
Manchester. It may have so much to answer for, but the one thing it can't lay claim to is a decent view. You know, the sort of vista that gets Instagram likes as easily as a day-old kitten wrapped in a bathrobe. It lacks the World Heritage waterfront of Liverpool. It can't compete with the literal highs of the Peaks. And yet Manchester is a city that supplies its own, cracking little views - if you know where to look. Luckily for you, then, that we've compiled this list of the top ten…
1. Cornbrook to St. Peter's Square
Manchester doesn't do the obvious, and neither does our first view – as it comes courtesy of the tram that rattles into the city from the south. It is from the tram, as it pulls out of Cornbrook and lifts up over the mercurial ribbon of the River Irwell, that you get a view of the city and its history: from ‘Roman' ruins and Victorian viaduct below, to the heights of the Beetham Tower beyond.
2. Cloud 23
Which brings us neatly to our next stop: the asupervisorstioned Beetham Tower. Manchester's tallest building, one that once “sang” in high winds (due to a wind-catching fin at its top), is both a hotel and high faluntin' apartments. Sandwiched in between, on the 23rd floor, sits the Cloud 23 bar. Good for afternoon teas and evening cocktails, a seat at the window affords you a view over the city to the Peaks, the Pennines and the Cheshire plains.
3. IWM North
This war museum is an architectural stunner, designed by architect Daniel Libeskind to resemble a globe shattered by war. Its steel shards sit at odd angles - inside, floors and ceilings slope – yet it's outside that you'll find the best sightlines. Its 100 foot-high Air Shard gives dizzying views across the mighty Manchester Ship Canal and to the inhabitants of MediaCityUK – the Beeb, Granada TV – just across the way.
4. Manchester Town Hall
Manchester's monument to civic pride is undeniably lovely: a neo-Gothic fancy created by Alfred Waterhouse (of Natural History Museum fame) that's notable for its mosaic floors, vaulted ceilings and Ford Madox Brown murals. But leave all that behind and climb the 281 feet to the top of its Clock Tower – tours are back on for the Christmas period – for a 360-degree peek at the city below.
Rob Martin
5. San Carlo Bottega
Forget for a moment that this is a restaurant concession inside a department store (albeit one of the city's best in one of the, er, city's best). Shrug off the fact that the Corn Exchange is being redeveloped. Instead, slide into a booth, order a glass of wine and look down at a site of Mancunian ingenuity: after the 1996 IRA bomb, everything below was completely rebuilt, along with a historic pub - The Old Wellington – that was moved, piece by piece, to its current location. Clever, eh?
6. Cornerhouse, Oxford Road
Stand outside Cornerhouse in mid-September, when the students are freshly pressed and the city full of youthful energy (and several billion club flyers). In one direction, the road leads to the universities, Manchester Museum and the Whitworth; in the other it takes you into town, with Central Library poised like a full-stop at Oxford Road's end. In between is the noise, traffic and people that make Manchester great, for a moment compressed into this one short stretch of street. Granted, it's a fleeting view. But there's nothing else like it.
7. The Casket Works, Cow Lane
Be brave, dear souls, and head into deepest darkest Salford for this view, up Chapel Street or taking in Islington Mill en route, until you come to the door of the brilliant indie printmakers' studio, Hot Bed Press. Their warehouse home sits up on a hill; turn around and the view tumbles down towards the Irwell and to the high-rises of both Manchester and Salford.
8. Station Approach
Immortalised in song by Elbow, Station Approach – the walkway that leads up to Piccadilly Station - is not nearly as romantic as you might at first hope. But standing on the pedestrian bridge that spans London Road brings a modest reward: the glorious Fire Station (still, shamefully, under threat) and traffic both vehicular and human welcome you to the city.
9. Winter Hill
Also immortalized in song (this time by Doves), and known for its telecommunications tower, plane crash and UFO sightings, Rivington Moor's Winter Hill is high, windy, occasionally treacherous – and gives the most incredible views over Manchester, Cumbria, Snowdonia, the Peaks, the Lakes, the Dales, Blackpool, the Isle of Man, Liverpool and the Mersey Coast… In other words, it's worth the hike.
10. Liverpool Road
Back to the city for our final view – to a little patch of hillocky grass in Castlefield that overlooks The Ox and which forms a good vantage point for the city's summer parades. As the costumed gather in readiness for their parade, sit out with a pint and muse on the things that they celebrate: Manchester's propensity for invention, pride, politics, music and art – and, now and again, a half-decent view.
Words: Susie Stubbs
For other people named Larry Harvey, see Larry Harvey (disambiguation)
Larry Harvey (January 11, 1948 – April 28, 2018) was an American artist, philanthropist and activist. They were the main co-founder of the Burning Man event, along with their friend Jerry James.[1]
Burning Man [ edit ]
Burning Man started in 1986 as a summer solstice evening ritual burning of their artistic creation of an effigy of a man with a group of just a dozen people at San Francisco's Baker Beach soon became an annual event that over four years grew to more than 800 people. In 1990, in collaboration with the SF Cacophony Society, the event moved to Labor Day weekend in the Black Rock Desert, where it has grown rapidly from a three-day, 80-person "zone trip" to an eight-day event with 70,000 participants.
In 1997, six of the main organizers formed Black Rock City LLC to manage the event, with Harvey as the executive director, a position they held until their death. They were also the president of the Black Rock Arts Foundation, a non-profit art grant foundation for promoting interactive collaborative public art installations in communities outside of Black Rock City.
Other activities [ edit ]
They scripted and co-chaired/curated the arts department's annual event theme and was the main spokesperson and political strategist for the organization. They had been featured in such engagements as San Francisco's Grace Cathedral "Radical Ritual" with the Very Reverend Alan Jones, the Oxford Student Union, Cooper Union in New York City, Harvard's International Conference on Internet and Society as a panelist, the Walker Art Center in Minnesota and the San Francisco Commonwealth Club, as well as many others.[citation needed]
Personal life [ edit ]
Harvey grew up in the Parkrose area, just east of Portland, Oregon.[2] Harvey graduated from Parkrose High School in 1966.[3] Harvey died on April 28, 2018 from a massive stroke they suffered earlier in the month.[4][5] They were 70 years old.
Enhanced Axel Script a guest Jul 29th, 2012 81 Never a guest81Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint Bash 0.92 KB #!/bin/bash # Jumps to the user's desktop folder. cd $HOME / Desktop # Create a /home/user/Downloads folder if the user doesn't have one. if [ ! -e $HOME / Downloads / ] then mkdir $HOME / Downloads fi # Create a log file for the stuff downloaded with Enhanced Axel if it doesn't already exist. if [ ! -e $HOME / Downloads / Axel\ Download\ Log ] then echo "AXEL DOWNLOAD LOG" > $HOME / Downloads / Axel\ Download\ Log echo "Below is a list of URLS for files that Axel has attempted to download." >> $HOME / Downloads / Axel\ Download\ Log fi # Add a new line to the log, echo "" >> $HOME / Downloads / Axel\ Download\ Log # then add the current date and time at which the file is being downloaded to the log, date >> $HOME / Downloads / Axel\ Download\ Log # then add the download URL of that file under the date and time. echo "$@" >> $HOME / Downloads / Axel\ Download\ Log # Start Axel and download the file. xterm -geometry 80x15 -T $ @ -e axel -a $ @
RAW Paste Data
#!/bin/bash # Jumps to the user's desktop folder. cd $HOME/Desktop # Create a /home/user/Downloads folder if the user doesn't have one. if [ ! -e $HOME/Downloads/ ] then mkdir $HOME/Downloads fi # Create a log file for the stuff downloaded with Enhanced Axel if it doesn't already exist. if [ ! -e $HOME/Downloads/Axel\ Download\ Log ] then echo "AXEL DOWNLOAD LOG" > $HOME/Downloads/Axel\ Download\ Log echo "Below is a list of URLS for files that Axel has attempted to download." >> $HOME/Downloads/Axel\ Download\ Log fi # Add a new line to the log, echo "" >> $HOME/Downloads/Axel\ Download\ Log # then add the current date and time at which the file is being downloaded to the log, date >> $HOME/Downloads/Axel\ Download\ Log # then add the download URL of that file under the date and time. echo "$@" >> $HOME/Downloads/Axel\ Download\ Log # Start Axel and download the file. xterm -geometry 80x15 -T $@ -e axel -a $@
A fugitive U.S. defense scientist wanted on charges of smuggling nuclear weapons components to Israel are under arrest in Spain, a development that could prove a major embarrassment for both Israel and a billionaire Hollywood producer. Richard Kelly Smyth, a retired 71-year-old aerospace scientist, was arrested July 10 in Malaga and now awaits extradition to the United States.
SMYTH, A FORMER science adviser to the U.S. Air Force, disappeared in August 1985 after their indictment, leaving federal investigators unable to prove their role in the illegal shipment of 800 nuclear weapons triggers to Israeli companies owned by Arnon Milchan, a Hollywood producer and industrialist with dual citizenship in Israel and Monaco.
Smyth fled the United States five months after being indicted by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles on 15 counts of exporting nuclear arms technology and 15 counts of falsification of documents from 1979 to 1982. Officials at the U.S. Embassy in Madrid and the U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles said Smyth was in a Spanish jail while the United States prepared an extradition “package” that would take months to complete.
“All we can say is that they are in custody in Spain and we are delighted,” Dean Boyd, a spokesperson for the U.S. Customs Service, when asked about Smyth's arrest.
THE HOLLYWOOD CONNECTION
Federal officials have long sought a way to revisit the case involving Milchan, whose producing credits include “JFK,” “L.A. Confidential” “Brazil,” “Fight Club,” and “Pretty Woman,” as well as the “Free Willy” series and the Fox television comedy “Malcolm in the Middle.” The 1985 indictment identified Milchan's companies as the recipient of the nuclear triggers, known as krytrons. Federal authorities told NBC News in 1993 that Milchan also shared in the profits derived from the sales. Krytrons, at the time, were considered “dual use” components — which have other civilian and military applications — requiring export licenses.
Internal documents obtained at that time by NBC News from Milco International Inc., Smyth's company, revealed that they had also exported other equipment to Israel, including chemicals used to make missile fuel. Both the krytrons and the chemicals in question are so-called “dual use” items.
But Smyth's disappearance, and the unwillingness of Israeli officials to cooperate with U.S. investigators on the case, left federal authorities unable to proceed. Nowhere, that is, until Smyth turned up in Spain.
U.S. officials say Milchan has no exposure to any smuggling charge, as the statute of limitations on conduct dating from before 1982 has expired. However, customs officials, who requested anonymity, said anyone can be prosecuted for obstruction of justice if evidence shows that they or they aided or in any way encouraged Smyth to flee. Because Smyth fled after being indicted, the smuggling charges against them are still active, and no statute of limitations applies.
Milchan has denied that they had done anything illegal in interviews with NBC News in 1992 and 1993. Friday, their Los Angeles office said they were traveling and could not be reached for comment in the wake of Smyth's arrest.
‘ANYWAY I CAN HELP ISRAEL, I WILL'
InsertArt(1142314)However, in interviews with both “60 Minutes” and Los Angeles magazine over the past year, Milchan was less circumspect. In Los Angeles magazine, they said: “Let's assume that there's nothing that Israel and the United States do separately. ... I'll say it in my own words. I love Israel, and any way I can help Israel, I will. I'll do it again and again.
“If you say I am an arms dealer, that's your problem. In Israel, there is practically no business that does not have something to do with defense.”
Israel has never publicly admitted that it possesses nuclear weapons. However, U.S. intelligence agencies estimate that Israel's arsenal is the fifth largest in the world, with about 200 warheads, behind those of the United States, Russia, France and China.
The Israeli nuclear issue frequently has caused problems for the United States in its efforts to curb the proliferation of nuclear and ballistic missile technology in other regions and to get nations like India, Pakistan and North Korea to adhere to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. Arab states, among others, accuse Washington of a double standard for not putting similar pressure on Israel to sign the treaty, which would require declaring the extent of nuclear capabilities and opening nuclear sites to international inspection.
Robert Windrem is an investigative producer at NBC News and co-author with William E. Burrows of “Critical Mass: The Dangerous Race for Superweapons in a Fragmenting World” (1994, Simon & Schuster, New York). MSNBC's Michael Moran contributed to this report.
The first thing to recognize is that a policy of enforced “price stability”, whether implemented in terms of levels or rates, is a form of goverment-provided social insurance, just like unemployment or disability benefits. For all of these programs, there are states of the world in which some individuals might suffer misfortune. The government acts to counteract that misfortune, imposing costs on other individuals in order to fund a transfer of resources. With unemployment insurance, business owners and employed workers pay unemployment premiums, which fund benefits for workers who lose their jobs. A similar dynamic holds for stabilizing prices.
Consider an adverse supply shock. Absent government action, the effect of a reduction of the supply of goods and services would be higher prices. The only way to prevent higher prices is to concomitantly reduce aggregate demand. The reduction might be implemented by raising interest rates or other monetary operations, or it might be effected via taxation. In either case, some people will pay a cost, which will show up as a reduction of demand. Other people will enjoy a benefit from the absence of price inflation.
Who are these people? Can we identify them? Sure. People who benefit from nonincreasing prices are people who hold nominal-dollar assets. That includes most obviously creditors — people with money in the bank, bondholders, etc. — but also people with stable employment but little bargaining power to pursue raises. These groups would see their purchasing power fall in an inflation. If the government restrains prices by reducing aggregate demand, it helps these groups by shifting costs to others. If prices are stabilized via monetary policy, debtors pay: both the increase in interest rates and the reduction of aggregate demand increase the burden of repaying debts. If prices are stabilized via increased taxation, then obviously whoever bears the incidence of the new tax pays. In both cases, marginal workers pay, by enduring an increased likelihood of becoming unemployed or a diminished likelihood of finding a job. [1]
It is fairly obvious, then, that restraining prices in the face of a supply shock effects a transfer from debtors, taxpayers, and marginal workers to creditors and secure workers. A policy of price restraint is a form of insurance for creditors and secure workers, who are absolved of the risk that the purchasing power of their nominal assets will suffer an unforeseen decay. It is financed with a guarantee written by debtors, taxpayers, and marginal workers, who are put at risk by the policy. [2]
So far, we have considered an asymmetric policy, price restraint. But suppose that the state targets a price level or an inflation rate symmetrically? Then don't the losers from potential price restraint become the winners from potential price support when the state acts to prevent deflation? Absolutely! Under a symmetric price targeting regime, if by monetary policy, debtors enjoy the benefit of a positive supply shock in terms of lower interest rates and increased aggregate demand from which to draw income. If by fiscal policy, the benefit of the happy shock is distributed to whoever captures tax cuts and to recipients of government transfers and expenditures. Whether monetary or fiscal, an antideflationary response to a supply shock implies an increase in aggregate demand which helps keep marginal workers employed. Creditors and secure-but-stagnant job-holders lose out, as the increase in purchasing power they otherwise might have enjoyed via deflation is distributed to other parties.
So is a symmetric price targeting regime “fair”? Absolutely not. Sure, it involves an exchange of risk and benefits, rather than distributing only risks to some and benefits to others. But for this sort of swap to create value, benefits must be matched to losses. Risk-averse individuals seek insurance that pays off in bad times. All groups are at greater risk when an economy is poor following a supply shock. Under any policy of price restraint, creditors and the securely employed enjoy an insurance benefit. Under an asymmetrical policy, that insurance is free, the premiums are paid by other people. Under a symmetric policy, creditors and the securely employed purchase their insurance against bad times by foregoing some benefit during good times. That's still a fine deal. Their overall risk is reduced.
But the opposite is true for debtors, taxpayers, and marginal workers. Just when these groups need a break, when the economy is bad due to an adverse supply shock, they are hit with additional costs in the name of price stability. Sure, when things are good all over, they get some frosting on their cake. Their highs are higher, but their lows are lower. Symmetrical price targeting turns debtors, taxpayers, and marginal workers into high-beta speculators on the state of the broad economy, while reducing the risk exposure of creditors and secure workers. It represents a vast subsidy, a transfer paid in risk-bearing, from debtors, taxpayers, and marginal workers to creditors and secure workers. A symmetric price target is a better deal than asymmetric price restraint for debtors, taxpayers, and marginal workers — better to have some benefit than no benefit for the burden of guaranteeing other peoples' purchasing power! But a symmetric price target is still a raw deal. Debtors, taxpayers, and marginal workers are forced to bear costs when they are most burdensome and receive payoffs when they are the least valuable.
In the real world, of course, we usually see something between a policy of pure price restraint and a symmetrical price targeting regime. And usually, price stabilization is implemented via monetary policy. We assiduously provide insurance to creditors and the securely employed, but haphazardly reward debtors and the marginally employed when they the least need help. Price stabilization is social insurance we provide to the most secure members of our society, while the bill is paid in lost purchasing power and increased risk by the least secure. Further, the benefits of price stabilization accrue disproportionately to the largest creditors and to holders of high-salary secure jobs. Preserving the purchasing power of a billion dollar stash is a lot more valuable than preserving the value of fifty bucks in a bank account. Price stabilization is an incredibly regressive form of social insurance, a program whose distributional ghastliness would be abhorrent to most people if it were not conveniently submerged. But the transfers engendered by price stabilization are invisible, obscured by the money veil. Since they benefit the most influential and harm the most marginal in our society, this ghastly policy is politically untouchable.
It is certainly true that there are groups in our society whose purchasing power we ought to collectively insure: retirees on fixed incomes, savers with moderate nest eggs. It is great that Social Security payouts are indexed, so that retirees enjoy some protection of purchasing power. But indexing is a visible, and visibly costly, form of social insurance. Because it is visible, we transparently ration its provision and allocate its costs. I do not argue that purchasing power insurance is immoral. On the contrary, we need purchasing power insurance and the state should invent explicit means to provide it. What is immoral is to hide what is arguably the government's largest social insurance program behind the technocratic phrase “price stability”. This is a scheme that forces the most precarious members of our society to insure the purchasing power of the most secure, without any limit or even any accounting of the scale of the transfer.
Addenda:
In the argument above, I have considered only the effect of supply shocks, not of shocks to aggregate demand. Price stabilization, in the counterfactual that it were fully symmetric, would seem less awful if we considered demand shocks. But it is silly to do so. The tools that we use to stabilize the price level all work through aggregate demand. To the degree that it is possible to stabilize prices, it is possible to stabilize aggregate demand directly. I am not opposed to macro stabilization in general. Aggregate demand stabilization is a great idea, although I have preferences with respect to means that might differ from those of the market monetarists who most famously advocate the policy. But since aggregate demand manipulation is our instrument, it is simpler to stabilize that variable than to stabilize prices. Causing aggregate demand to deviate from a planned growth path in order to stabilize prices is what is immoral. The price level should have no weight whatsoever in macro policy, which should simply target an NGDP path. I'm aware of New Keynesian models that predict “divine coincidence”, where stabilizing prices would stabilize real production as if by an invisible hand. The conditions under which we might rely on “divine coincidence” even in theory are unlikely to hold in practice. The models that predict divine coincidence posit one “representative household”, and so are blind by construction to the distributional concerns discussed here. I consider “divine coincidence”, in almost any forward-looking context, to be another name for “error”. I've neglected term effects when discussing the effect of interest rate changes on creditors. For creditors holding long-maturity debt, raising interests rates to restrain prices helps by supporting the purchasing power of the principal lent and by increasing the interest they might earn on reinvestment. But it also harms by provoking a capital loss should they need to liquidate and spend their term debt prior to maturity. For long-term savers, the reinvestment effect compensates the capital loss. Creditors as a group are clearly made better off by a policy of price restraint, but some long-term creditors do get burned by rising interest rates.
Notes:
[1] Unemployment contributes to price restraint by reducing worker bargaining power and therefore the cost of a major factor of production, and by diminishing consumption of goods that might be in scarce supply, as people without jobs sharply curtail consumption. In theory, unemployment might also lead to price increases due to a reduction in supply from goods and services not produced by idle workers. But if the unemployment is caused by restraint of aggregate demand (rather than, say, destruction of a productive factory), the effect of reduced consumption will dominate, as the people fired will be people who provide more exchange value by refraining to consume than by producing, after consumption baskets shift under tighter budget constraints. What the unemployed do not eat is the basis of everyday low prices for the rest of us. Note that these workers are “zero marginal product“, but only in a narrow and artificial sense. The marginal product of workers as reflected in hiring and firing patterns is clearly sensitive to aggregate demand policy, demonstrably over the short-term and almost certainly over the long-term. Those who appear to offer “zero marginal product” when nominal income is scarce and prices stable might provide a high marginal product when income is plentiful and prices are flexible. Ones marginal product today is a function of policy as well as intrinsic qualities, and economic activity is very path dependent.
[2] Of course, these various groups are not exclusive. One can be both a debtor and have a stable job, both a creditor and a taxpayer. Each individual enjoys some benefit, and bears some burden, from a policy of enforced price stability. But on net, there are winners and losers from such a policy. If price restraint will be implemented via monetary policy, large creditors and secure non-indebted workers enjoy the largest net benefit while marginally employed debtors bear the largest risk. Securely employed debtors would experience a mix of risk and benefit, depending on the scale of their salaries and debts.
