Which are the best gadgets for home security in 2017?
What comes to your mind when you hear the word ‘home'? Is it a happy place where you can be yourself? Your sanctuary? It is where we all build our core memories. Well, for whatever it is you feel about it, we all have different ways of how we define home. For me, it's one of my happiest places, where I can get all the hugs and kisses from my loved ones!! It is only natural that our home should also be our safest place – so heads up! Be ready for our list of the best devices for improving the safety of your home. Although those gadgets we are listing today are not as cheap as these 10 Best Things to Buy on Amazon Under 20 Dollars, they are, however, much more needed.
Way back in time, safety was not much of an issue, living in a simple town, having a harmonious relationship with our neighbors, who were always helpful, with nature around us respected and taken care of… But, unfortunately, as time went by, the world became more dangerous. Hence, more and more people are looking to find various tech devices that should help them protect their homes.
Seeing how technology plays an important role in our everyday lives, it is not that strange that we rely on it when it comes to safety as well. We used to have basic doorknob locks or double locks for home safety, but with the advancement of technology home safety also evolved.
I guess we can all agree, that we need a smarter home. So how do we make a regular home to a smarter home? With the help of these best gadgets for home security in 2017! Keep in mind though that some of these gadgets on this list are not the newest ones, but since they're managed to be among the most popular for several years even, we decided to include them on our list. Also, we wanted to present you with different types of devices; that's why you are not going to be reading only about the high-quality security cameras, or only about smoke alarms; we mixed it up a little bit and found some great and useful home safety devices.
Let's check out the best gadgets for home security in 2017 while keeping one idea in mind – ‘Only a safe home is a happy home'.
Today TNA presents it's Sacrifice PPV. This card boasts nine matches, some of which have some odd stipulations and some have some normal stipulations like titles on the line. Who will survive and who will sacrifice everything? Here's what I think will happen:
TNA Sacrifice – Preview/Predictions | DailyDDT from Daniel Correia on Vimeo.
QUICK PREDICTIONS:
#1 Contender Match – Tag Team
Beer Money vs. Motor City Machine Guns vs. Team 3D
SHOULD: MMG WILL: 3D
Career vs. KO Title
Tara vs. Madison Rayne (Champion)
SHOULD/WILL: Madison
TNA Global Title
Rob Terry (Champion) vs. Orlando Jordan
SHOULD: Terry WILL: Jordan
Chelsea or The Ring
Desmond Wolfe vs. Abyss
SHOULD/WILL: Abyss
X-Division Title
Doug Williams vs. Kazarian (Champion)
SHOULD: Williams WILL: Kazarian
Tag Team Titles
The Band (Champions) vs. Ink Inc
SHOULD: Ink Inc WILL: The Band
Mr. Anderson vs. Jeff Hardy
SHOULD/WILL: Anderson
Sting vs. Jeff Jarrett
SHOULD/WILL: Sting
TNA World Title
Rob Van Dam (Champion) vs. AJ Styles
SHOULD: RVD WILL: Styles
Sacrifice begins at 5pm on the west coast. I will be back tomorrow with results and my review of the show. Till then…
Russell Johnson, who played the professor on “Gilligan's Island,” died Thursday morning, their agent told TheWrap. They were 89.
Johnson died at their home in Washington state of natural causes, their agent, Michael Eisenstadt said.
Born in rural northeastern Pennsylvania, Johnson graduated from a private boarding school for orphaned children before joining the Air Force, flying dozens of combat missions in World War II – including one that turned them into a real-life castaway in the Philippines in 1945. Johnson's B-25 bomber was shot down by heavy flak; they broke both their ankles during the mission, and received the Purple Heart.
See photos: Hollywood's Notable Deaths of 2014
Johnson's acting career started nearly a decade later, with early roles in westerns and sci-fi movies and TV shows, including “It Came From Outer Space,” “This Island Earth” and “Attack of the Crab Monsters.” Their TV career was robust through the late 1950s and early '60s, including as a regular on “Black Saddle” and two episodes of “The Twilight Zone.”
But he'll be best remembered as Roy Hinkley – “The Professor” – on “Gilligan's Island.” Johnson's unwavering, straight-man treatment of the character brought brains and gravitas to the otherwise silliness of Sherwood Schwartz's creation; it also afforded the otherwise hapless castaways a badly-needed hero, whose fix-it-with-whatever's-around approach would give way to more modern characters like Richard Dean Anderson's “MacGyver” and spurned spy Michael Westen on “Burn Notice.”
See photos: Hollywood's Notable Deaths of 2013
Johnson was the last surviving male castaway from the TV series that ran from 1964 to 1967. Bob Denver (Gilligan) died in 2005; Alan Hale (the Skipper) died in 1990; and Jim Backus (Mr. Howell) died in 1989. Natalie Schafer (Mrs. Howell) died in 1991; Dawn Wells and Tina Louise (Mary Ann and Ginger) are the last surviving castmembers.
Wells posted photos of Johnson on their Facebook and Twitter feeds Thursday:
My 2 favorite people are now gone. The Professor past away this morning. My heart is broken. http://t.co/32afNb9wrW – Dawn Wells (@therealmaryann) January 16, 2014
A picture of Russell and their lovely wife Connie. Russell was a true gentleman, a good father, a great friend,… http://t.co/CIdOL9OSrM – Dawn Wells (@therealmaryann) January 16, 2014
Johnson's career had legs after the Island, appearing in more Westerns and sci-fi movies and TV shows including “Gunsmoke,” “Dallas” and the Robert Redford spy thriller “Three Days of the Condor.”
TV Land president Larry W. Jones added, “We are deeply saddened to have learned of the passing of Russell Johnson, the beloved ‘Professor.' We extend our deepest condolences to their family. ‘Gilligan's Island' is one of the most iconic television series in pop culture history. The news about Russell makes its return to TV Land on Monday all the more meaningful.”
He's survived by their wife Constance Dane, stepson Courtney Dane and daughter Kim from a previous marriage; their son David, an AIDS advocate, died from the disease in 1994.
Tim Kenneally contributed to this story.
before after
Noted Oct. 31, 2017 by Armin Industry / Education
About
(Est. 1872) “Virginia Tech takes a hands-on, engaging approach to education, preparing scholars to be leaders in their fields and communities. As the commonwealth's most comprehensive university and its leading research institution, Virginia Tech offers 275 undergraduate and graduate degree programs to more than 33,000 students and manages a research portfolio of more than $502 million. The university fulfills its land-grant mission of transforming knowledge to practice through technological leadership and by fueling economic growth and job creation locally, regionally, and across Virginia. Through a combination of its three missions of learning, discovery, and engagement, Virginia Tech continually strives to accomplish the charge of its motto Ut Prosim (That I May Serve).”
Design by
IMG
Related links
Virginia Tech brand page
Virginia Tech news article
Relevant quote
Increasingly, the Virginia Tech community thrives at the intersections of academic disciplines. In the university mark, linking the letters with a fluid line visually depicts the bridging of boundaries. Spelled out in our preferred font, the letters of “Virginia Tech” mirror the curve between the V and T, thus tying together the shape and the words. Virginia Tech brand page
Images (opinion after)
Logo.
Color variation.
For context, the “flying VT” logo used by the athletics team looks like this and will continue to be used like this. Which is highly confusing.
Identity elements.
Brand platform.
Brand explanation. The graphic elements are shown in use here.
Opinion
The old logo was fairly bad, with a shield that looked like it had a distorted bar code inside and paired with a funky serif, typeset far too tightly. The new academic logo echoes the athletics monogram with a “VT” monogram, where the “V” fuses into the “T“. Strategically, this is super weird in that the two logos look alike and don't have the clear distinction between academic and athletics logos most universities have and it's bound to create some confusion. Also, more ironically, the new academic logo looks more dynamic and sporty than the blocky athletics logo. The new monogram has an interesting twist in that it has a normal “V” followed by an italic “T”… My brain is really confused whether to hate it or love it; it seems like a clever way to solve the segue from an angled letterform to a straight one. So maybe I'm somewhere in the middle, in that I appreciate it and think there is something relatively cool about it. The wordmark, though, that one I'm 100% sure I hate. Obviously, they tried to replicate the curve generated in the intersection of the monogram and apply it haphazardly to any and all letters in the full name. And every letter is the worse for it, except the straight letters, which were lucky to no have any odd angles. The graphic elements are very school-ish, but more like a middle or elementary school. There is something very "junior" about them… instead of feeling more like higher education. Overall, though, this seems to be applied and embraced with enough conviction to make it work for the university.
Thanks to Carter Malpass for the tip.
Mandy McKnight had tried more than 10 medications to control the seizures of their seven-year-old son, who suffers from Dravet syndrome.
Two years ago, they decided to try medical marijuana. It reduced their son Liam's seizures by 90%, they said.
But obtaining Liam's medical marijuana, which they consume in an oil form, wasn't easy.
McKnight didn't want Liam, who was five years old at the time, to smoke their medical marijuana, but that was the only legal way to consume it.
McKnight was illegally turning Liam's marijuana into oil at home.
Eventually, the issue went to the Supreme Court of Canada, which ruled in June that they could consume their medical marijuana in an edible form.
McKnight recalls the first day they decided to try medical marijuana. That was two years ago, when Liam was having 70 seizures, lasting average of three minutes, in one day.
"All they were doing was lying on the couch, seizing … they were basically just catatonic on the couch," McKnight said.
Now, with medical marijuana, Liam has days where he's seizure-free. When they do have a seizure, it would be once a day, only lasting about 10 seconds, McKnight said.
"I've gotten accustomed to things being good," they said. "It's not perfect … but they (Liam) is doing amazing."
Liam is off the other medications they took before marijuana, a cocktail of Valproic Acid, Clonazepam and Stiripentol, which comes with a handful of side effects including aggression, anxiety, drooling and loss of appetite, according to McKnight.
While it's now legal for Liam to take their medication in oil form, there's currently no medical marijuana producer in Canada distributing marijuana oil.
For now, McKnight is still making marijuana oil at home, though legally. They make the oil at home, sends the content to a lab in British Columbia to ensure it's the right dosage of chemicals for Liam.
Since getting the go-ahead to produce marijuana in oil form, licensed producers are in the process of launching new products and waiting for Health Canada inspection.
Canopy Growth Corp., based in Smiths Falls, got the green light to launch an oil-based product in August, according to company president Mark Zekulin.
The company is hoping to start selling oil products by the end of year, but that depends on how soon they can launch a new product and get inspected by Health Canada.
Meanwhile, McKnight said they get tons of emails from other parents asking about medical marijuana for children.
"Compared to where we were two years ago … it's been leaps and bounds," McKnight said. "I don't think cannabis is a cure but it's a viable treatment."
MEDIMAGE / SPL
Damaged skin and liver can often repair themselves, but the heart rarely heals well and heart disease is the world's leading cause of death. Research published today raises hopes for cell therapies, showing that heart muscle cells differentiated from human embryonic stem cells can integrate into existing heart muscle[1].
“What we have done is prove that these cells do what working heart muscles do, which is beat in sync with the rest of the heart,” says Chuck Murry, a cardiovascular biologist at the University of Washington in Seattle, who co-led the research.
It has been difficult to assess cell therapies in animal models because human cells cannot keep up with the heart rates of some small rodents. Cardiomyocytes derived from human embryonic stem (ES) cells typically beat fewer than 150 times a minute. External electrical stimulation can increase that rate, but only up to about 240 beats per minute, says Michael LaFlamme, a cardiovascular biologist at the University of Washington and the other co-leader on the project. Rats and mice have heart rates of around 400 and 600 beats per minute, respectively.
However, guinea pigs have a heart rate of 200–250 beats per minute, near the limit for human cardiomyocytes. After working out ways to suppress guinea pigs' immune systems so that they would accept human cells, Murry, LaFlamme and their co-workers began transplantation experiments. They also devised a way to make assessing electrical activity straightforward: using recent genetic-engineering technology, they inserted a ‘sensor' gene into the human ES cells so that cardiomyocytes derived from them would fluoresce when they contracted.
From the first experiment with the sensor in guinea pigs, it was obvious that the transplanted cells were beating in time with the rest of the heart, says LaFlamme. When they looked into the chest cavity, the heart “was flashing back at us”, they say.
Healing heart
The human cells seemed to aid healing: four weeks after the researchers killed regions of the guinea pigs' hearts to simulate a heart attack, the hearts of animals that received cardiomyocytes exhibited stronger contractions than those that received other cell types. And cardiomyocyte transplants did not seem to cause irregular heartbeats, a common concern for cell-replacement therapy in the heart. In fact, the transplants seemed to suppress arrhythmias.
But it will be a long road from demonstrating this sort of integration to demonstrating possible therapeutic benefits, says Glenn Fishman, a cardiologist at New York University Langone School of Medicine, who was not involved in the work. “The conclusion that the human cells can connect with the guinea pig tissue is true,” they say, “but the clinical implications are a bit of a stretch.”
Cardiomyocytes engrafted in only a tiny percentage of scar tissue, Fishman explains, and the area seems too small to produce much additional pumping force. They suspect that the benefits seen stem from the 'paracrine effect', in which transplanted cells secrete factors that rejuvenate damaged host tissue. In fact, many researchers are exploring such strategies to prompt damaged heart tissue to restore itself, they say.
Extrapolating from results in guinea pigs is difficult, adds Ronald Li, who leads a programme in cardiac stem-cell engineering at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City. Li says that their recent unpublished work in dogs and pigs shows that transplanting cardiomyocytes derived from human ES cells can cause arrhythmias.
Both Murry and LaFlamme agree that much more work needs to be done before transplantable cardiomyocytes are ready for human trials. The more immediate goal, says LaFlamme, is to hunt for experimental conditions that allow cells to engraft in scar tissue more thoroughly. It's exciting “to see that the cells can couple electrically”, they say. “Now we can test new strategies to make more couple.” And although cell transplants to humans might be a long way off, they add, “I think it's a nut we can crack.”
When most people think about their senior year of high school, they define it by the music or the films of that moment. But in many ways, I feel like mine was defined by technology. 2007 was the year that brought us the iPhone, a device that immediately rendered my flip phone an anachronistic paperweight. It was the year I signed up for Facebook, where I posted my college acceptances on my Wall (remember the Wall?) in the first of many acts of digital vanity. As a deeply invested yearbook nerd who had just gotten into Daft Punk, I themed our school's book around technology — clubs were scored on Amazon's five-star scale, student quotes were tagged “user-generated content,” and articles about student life were laid out like webpages. “Web 2.0 has become a popular buzzword to define the internet's shift from dependency on a professional elite to empowerment of the masses through venues such as YouTube and Wikipedia,” I wrote in the book's introductory essay.
That shift has certainly endured, and it's expanded to touch many more professionals than the makers of Encyclopedia Britannica. The “elite” in a variety of fields — be they journalists, cab drivers, hotel owners, or politicians — have seen their authority upended in large part thanks to technology, and often in ways that 17-year-old me could not have foreseen (and Time magazine probably couldn't have either). The mid-2000s hand-wringing over the accuracy of crowdsourced Wikipedia articles seems quaint in a time when the president-elect blasts blatant lies to the masses via Twitter. Using a handheld device to summon a laborer to drive me around or clean my house at any moment would have seemed unconscionably bougie back then — today there's a raft of millennial-marketed apps encouraging me to embrace my privilege. And while I spent my college years bitching about Facebook's many redesigns, the company was quietly training me to treat a virtual thumbs-up as a worthwhile reward for feeding its massive advertising machine. All new technologies seem bizarre until you stop thinking about them too much.
These fundamental changes to our society, which have already wrought lost jobs, frayed social discourse, and weakened government oversight, were made in the name of disruption or progress. But in 2016, finally, it feels like that narrative has hit a wall. The ones being disrupted are no longer far-off companies that simply failed at adapt. It's all of us.
Online, the notion that a persistent weak connection to thousands of other human beings is healthy or productive began to crumble. Facebook was caught flat-footed as Macedonian teenagers ginned up demonstrably false news stories and used the News Feed algorithm's own rules to spread them far and wide. Echo chambers meant Facebook users on the left and the right were having arguments about two different Americas, with their worlds suddenly splicing together on November 8 with the force of a sonic boom. Meanwhile, Twitter continued to feed our base desires to find self-validation by being cutting, mean, and dismissive in a way that other public spaces deem inappropriate. Donald Trump proved better at this than anyone else on the planet.
In the real world, tech's promise to bring unprecedented efficiency to dormant markets was foiled by human fallibility. The sharing economy companies don't actually share quite as generously if you're black, as Airbnb finally acknowledged. Theranos, the company that was supposed to revolutionize blood tests and prove Silicon Valley ingenuity was good for something besides serving more ads, was exposed as a sham that had been bolstered by a complacent press. And Uber brought its unproven self-driving car technology to San Francisco streets against government wishes, endangering cyclists.
All of these companies rode to power on a wave of optimism that argued again and again that convenience, efficiency, and unfettered freedom for the consumer are more important than workers' rights, public safety, or responsible public discourse. The nitty-gritty details of building a functioning society around tech innovations would work themselves out, just so long as everyone could download the latest app and use it without restrictions.
And now, the stage is set. We have our main players. It's time to figure out those details. The tech ecosystem thrives because venture capitalists, investors, and journalists are always on the lookout for the next Facebook or the next Steve Jobs. There won't be a next. Future startups will face a more skeptical press and a public that craves fixes to growing structural societal problems, not cosmetic digital conveniences. These small companies won't have the money and expertise to compete in artificial intelligence research, which will be a key component in major tech innovations in the next decade. And with net neutrality potentially being eradicated under Trump, market forces will increasingly favor incumbents over new disruptors. The alignment of the press, the government, and the public embracing the ideals of Silicon Valley lasted just long enough for a handful of megacorporations to take control of the digital world. It's time to stop predicting that Facebook is one false move from “going the way of Myspace” and start thinking about how this company will control the way information is consumed and interpreted on a global scale.
The picture I am painting here isn't bleak, exactly — it's realistic. Because tech companies are youthful and unconventional and like giving us free stuff, the industry doesn't beget the same level of distrust as, say, the energy sector. But last I checked, Apple, Alphabet, and Microsoft all have a larger market cap than Exxon Mobil. It's past time we started treating them with the same level of skepticism.
I didn't get the usernames, but it was from Drew and Twisty Blank. (insert plug : Drewblank.com and herosquares.com) My Santa sent me 9 Harry Potter prints, all signed by the artist. My daughter absolutely adores the Little Potter one, said it was the best My Little Pony ever (she's 3, that's them thing). These will go nicely on my barren wall I've been saving for just this kind of thing!
Cool, right? right? NO NO NO. Awesome! They even went the extra mile, and since they noticed some other things in my wishlist they went ahead and got some of those. I'd describe everything here, but really? The awesome is in the pics! (even if the pictures aren't quite as awesome)
(They did mention there is another thing coming from amazon, I'll update it once I get it. I wanted to have this up so they know I got these okay! Thanks for the awesome art and extras!)
Sinclair Broadcast Group defended its proposed acquisition of Tribune Media as being in the public interest and vital to the health of broadcast television, amid a flood of criticism that the deal would consolidate too much power into one media giant.
In a 173-page filing submitted to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Tuesday, Sinclair wrote that such consolidation is necessary as broadcast companies grapple with a changing media industry that has been upended by online streaming services.
"Sinclair firmly believes in the mission of local broadcasting and this filing fully explains the public interest benefits that this transaction will provide as a result of the efficiencies and scale created by the combination of Sinclair and Tribune," Chris Ripley, Sinclair's president and CEO, said in a statement. "This acquisition will help to ensure the future of the free and local television model for both Tribune and Sinclair's local communities."
Critics of the deal include Democrats, public interest groups, the cable industry and even competing conservative media outlets.
The Coalition to Save Local Media, which represents groups on that side, said that Sinclair's filing did little to ease their concerns.
"Sinclair-Tribune's response today leaves too many questions unanswered about the public interest harms caused by the proposed merger," the group said in a statement. "There is no basis for the FCC to allow this merger to proceed. The FCC and Department of Justice should reject this merger."
Sinclair owns 173 local television stations across the country, serving an estimated 38 percent of U.S. households - the largest reach of any broadcast station operator. If its deal with Tribune goes through, the combined broadcasting juggernaut would reach 72 percent of the nation's households.
Opponents argue that such concentrated media power would stifle smaller, independent outlets.
Last week, a trio of House Democrats - Reps. Frank Pallone Jr. (N.J.), Mike Doyle (Pa.) and Diana DeGette (Colo.) - sent a letter to FCC Chairman Ajit Pai asking them to explain what they see as "preferential treatment" toward Sinclair from the agency, which in April cleared a regulatory roadblock that would have impeded the deal.
"We hope this letter will serve as an opportunity to respond to reports suggesting you have failed to exercise adequate independence as FCC Chairman and that may have resulted in the agency giving unusual and possibly preferential treatment to Sinclair," the Democrats wrote.
In April, Pai pushed through a rule reinstating what's known as the UHF discount. The rule, which had been repealed last year under the Obama administration, discounts the audiences of ultra-high frequency television stations toward the cap on the amount of households broadcasters can reach.
That limit is currently 39 percent, but Pai has said that the agency will consider raising it by the end of the year.
This story was updated at 2:01 p.m.
Duma, (West Bank) Palestine late July 2015: An eighteen-month-old Palestinian child, Ali Dawabsheh has been burnt alive in an arson attack by Jewish extremists, while both their parents died from their injuries within weeks.
From the first day, the Israeli authorities imposed a press embargo on the subject, banning the media from publishing any details or developments related to the investigation. On 31 August 2015, the embargo was extended by a month.
During these exceptional moments in the area as before, the israeli stations used to continuously play Golda Meir's quotes who served as the fourth Prime Minister of Israel.Born Golda Mabovitch on May 3, 1898, in Kiev, present-day Ukraine, Israel's only woman prime minister has been called many things: a trailblazing Zionist lioness; the only “man” in David Ben-Gurion's cabinet; but also, a failure for not properly preparing the country for the bloody Yom Kippur War; and a denier of Palestinian national rights according to the israeli Haaretz.
Some quotes of them are: 1.“When peace comes we will perhaps in time be able to forgive the Arabs for killing our sons, but it will be harder for us to forgive them for having forced us to kill their sons.“(disputed one). 2.“It was not as if there was a Palestinian people in Palestine and we came and threw them out and took their country away from them. They did not exist.”
Until 1948, the primary goals of Zionism were the re-establishment of Jewish sovereignty in the Land of Israel, ingathering of the exiles, and liberation of Jews from the antisemitic discrimination and persecution that they experienced during their diaspora. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, Zionism continues primarily to advocate on behalf of Israel and to address threats to its continued existence and security.
A religious variety of Zionism supports Jews upholding their Jewish identity defined as adherence to religious Judaism, opposes the assimilation of Jews into other societies, and has advocated the return of Jews to Israel as a means for Jews to be a majority nation in their own state. A variety of Zionism, called cultural Zionism, founded and represented most prominently by Ahad Ha'am, fostered a secular vision of a Jewish “spiritual center” in Israel. Unlike Herzl, the founder of political Zionism, Ahad Ha'am strived for Israel to be “a Jewish state and not merely a state of Jews”.
Advocates of Zionism view it as a national liberation movement for the repatriation of a persecuted people residing as minorities in a variety of nations to their ancestral homeland. Critics of Zionism view it as a colonialist,racist and exceptionalist ideology that led advocates to violence during Mandatory Palestine, followed by the exodus of Palestinians, and the subsequent denial of their right to return to property lost during the 1948 war.
In 1987, it was the uprising that inspired the Palestine Liberation Organization to bravely accept compromise via an emotional November 15, 1988 “Declaration of Independence” from their 1964 goal to “liberate Palestine” and achieve a “complete restoration of [their] lost homeland” to accepting even less than the 1947 partition — a state only on the West Bank and Gaza — a mere fifth of the Holy Land.
Trump's USA is the biggest rogue state in the world
U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital proves now that Trump's US is the biggest rogue state in the world.. It is in fact, one rogue state colluding with another rogue state to destabilize Middle East and endanger world peace. It should come as no surprise that Donald Trump has declared that the US is recognising Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Last week, US President Trump whose campaign funded by the Israeli lobby declared that the United States would recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. As expected, the move drew praise from Israel's right-wing prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, and condemnation from a variety of Arab and Palestinian leaders.Despite no real pressure from the Israeli government nor unanimous clamoring in Washington for the move, Trump threw decades of long-standing U.S. policy up in the air. They embraced Jerusalem as Israel's capital without making any nod to Palestinian claims to the eastern part of the city, prompting analysts and former diplomats to write obituaries for the two-state solution. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson then told reporters that the U.S. embassy's relocation from Tel Aviv would probably not happen next year, raising even more questions about the timing of Trump's statement.
US recognition of Israel's self-declared capital has no legal basis. The 1947 UN Partition Plan for Palestine, upon which Israel largely bases its international legitimacy, had three components: “Independent Arab and Jewish States and the Special International Regime for the City of Jerusalem”.
Of course, no one seems to believe in Trump's commitment to the peace process, “It's really bulls—,” said Mohammed Shtayyeh, a former Palestinian negotiator, to the Times of Israel. “Nobody buys it.” Trump's recognition of Jerusalem underscored what many in the region have long believed — that the United States was never seriously an impartial mediator in the conflict, and has instead presided over decades of Israeli settlement expansion that undercut Palestinian claims for sovereignty.
What Trump's Jerusalem proclamation tells us is that the Trump administration does not view the Palestinian national movement as a near-equal negotiating partner, and therefore the administration is unlikely to produce a proposal for negotiations that might bridge gaps between the two sides. The complete lack of symmetry, even for a country that has long favored its relations with Israel over those with the Palestinian national movement, was clear in their remarks — despite the glancing comment “God bless the Palestinians” in their sign-off. That's why Netanyahu could compare Trump's statement to the historic Balfour Declaration of 1917, a British statement that viewed “with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people.”
The Arab League, an organization of 22 mostly Arabic-speaking countries, warned on Sunday that Trump's announcement “deepens tension, ignites anger, and threatens to plunge the region into more violence and chaos.” Hamas, the Islamist extremist group and political organization that controls the Gaza Strip, said Trump's decision on Jerusalem “opens the gates of hell.”
The historical fact that Jerusalem is home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian faiths cannot be altered either by Israel or U. S. Its eastern sector was captured by Israel in 1967 war and annexed in a move which was not recognized internationally. Palestinians want the capital of an independent state of their own to be in the city, part of which Israel captured by force. The status of Jerusalem must be determined with involvement of Palestinians in the framework of negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations. Even Saudi Arabia, the Israeli new secret ally, called President Trump's decision to declare Jerusalem Israel's capital “unjustified and irresponsible.”
Leaders & representatives of the Organisation of IslamicCooperation (OIC) member states are meeting tomorrow in #Istanbul to discuss #Trump‘s decision on #Jerusalem. Here is my humble analysis on what to expect from this emergency summit. #OIC @Abukar_Arman pic.twitter.com/V9NB64j6PU — Abdinor Dahir (@A__dahir) December 12, 2017
The fact that no country so far has the embassy in Jerusalem points to futility of Israel's claim to it as the capital. Now, after decades and thousands of Israeli and (mostly) Palestinian deaths , the hoped-for peace resulting in two states built on the cry of Palestinian civil society for dignity and independence, and the aspirations of Israelis to finally be accepted by the Arab world in a secure state of their own, is in deep trouble.
*The title is the last line of the Poem : in Jerusalem written by BY MAHMOUD DARWISH
Advertisements
UCLA linebacker Deon Hollins' chastising of a Pac-12 officiating crew for its performance in UCLA's 31-27 loss to Washington State on Saturday didn't go over too well at the conference headquarters.
In response to Hollins' comments, which the Pac-12 termed "derogatory" and included, "It's really tough sometimes beating the referees and beating the other team," the conference released a public reprimand Wednesday.
"All of our student-athletes must adhere to the Pac-12's Standards of Conduct," Pac-12 Commissioner Larry Scott said. "Mr. Hollins remarks were a clear violation of the Pac-12 comprehensive restrictions on public comments on officiating and they are being appropriately reprimanded."
Hollins was primarily upset with the absence of holding calls against WSU's offensive line.
"It's really tough sometimes," Hollins told local reporters. "We're just looking on the film and there's so many missed things. It was just appalling; I was appalled."
The Pac-12's release also included a comment from Hollins:
"There is a great deal of responsibility that comes with being a football student-athlete in the Pac-12 and at UCLA," Hollins said. "Unfortunately, yesterday I spoke out of frustration and knew almost immediately afterwards that my comments were inappropriate. I expect more of myself and will not let this happen again."
In the mountains near Pikeville, Kentucky, two coal mines may soon become the state's largest solar farm.
“In this part of the country, we've gone through a downturn,” says Ryan Johns, development executive for Berkley Energy Group, which owns the strip mines. “So we looked at other ways that we could use our properties to keep producing energy.”
After a conversation with former state auditor Adam Edelen, who heads a consulting practice for entrepreneurs, Johns began to consider investing in renewable energy. “He asked, ‘Would you be open to doing renewables?' and I said, ‘If it'll help us make money and put people back to work, we're for that.'”
EDF Renewable Energy, a company that develops wind and solar projects, is currently leading engineering studies to plan the potential solar farm. It would be the first built on a strip mine, which could make construction more challenging than usual.
“We know the first couple inches are gravel, and we expect the next couple of feet are going to be small rock,” says Doug Copeland, who works on project development for EDF. “The geotechnical investigation is really the key to all of this, and preparing for a construction process that will be a little bit different from building in the California desert or on a piece of farmland.”
On one site, all of the available coal has already been extracted. On the other, the coal will likely be mined out within 12 to 18 months. As the jobs on that site disappear, other coal mining jobs are scarce. Mining employment in Kentucky has dropped from more than 14,000 jobs in 2008 to 3,833 in 2016. The solar development would provide both new construction work and ongoing jobs. (BitSource, another innovative company in Pikeville, trains former coal miners to code).
Some of those jobs could begin as soon as the current coal mining stops. “On this active mine that's there now, there's going to be guys who are staying employed on that reclamation work, in essence preparing for the solar project,” says Copeland.
Prof Hawking said the £4.4bn machine, in which scientists are about to recreate conditions just after the Big Bang, is "vital if the human race is not to stultify and eventually die out."
And they sought to ease fears that the machine could have apocalyptic effects. "The world will not come to an end when the LHC turns on," Prof Hawking said, adding: "The LHC is absolutely safe."
Scientists at the CERN research centre in Switzerland are aiming to use the machine to gain a better understanding of the birth and structure of the universe, and to fill gaps in our knowledge of physics.
They hope that by recreating the moments after the Big Bang - the massive explosion thought to have created the universe - the experiment will make clearer what the universe is made of, what makes it expand and also to predict its future.
Prof Hawking, the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge, said: "The LHC will increase the energy at which we can study particle interactions by a factor of four."
However, they doubt that the machine will have the power to unravel some of the universe's more elusive secrets such as the putative Higgs boson particle - thought to have given mass to all other particles.
Prof Hawking said they have placed a bet of $100 that the scientists won't find the Higgs boson - the so-called "God particle."
"Another discovery that we might make is superpartners, partners for all the particles we know ... they could make up the mysterious dark matter that holds galaxies together," they told BBC Radio 4.
"Whatever the LHC finds or fails to find, the results will tell us a lot about the structure of the universe," Prof Hawking added.
However they dismissed speculation that the world could be put in grave danger by the force of the experiment.
"The LHC is absolutely safe. If the collisions in the LHC produced a micro black hole - and this is unlikely - it would just evaporate away again, producing a correctoristic pattern of particles," they said.
"Collisions releasing greater energy occur millions of times a day in the earth's atmosphere and nothing terrible happens. The world will not come to an end when the LHC turns on."
However they pointed out that if the LHC were indeed to create minor black holes, their own work on the subject could be verified and they chould receive the highest acclaim in the field.
They said: "If the LHC were to produce little black holes, I don't think there is any doubt I would get a Nobel Prize, if they showed the properties I predict.
"However I think the the probability that the LHC has enough energy to produce little black holes is less than 1 per cent - so I'm not holding my breath."
Asked whether the results of the LHC experiment would offer immediate practical benefits for our day-to-day lives, Prof Hawking urged patience.
They said: "Throughout history, people have studied pure science from a desire to understand the universe, rather than practical applications for commercial gain. But their discoveries later turned out to have great practical benefits.
"It is difficult to see an economic return from research at the LHC, but that doesn't mean there wont be any."
Prof Hawking made clear that the LHC project is one of the most important in the history of scientific endeavour. Asked to choose between it and the space program, they said: "That is like asking which of my children I would choose to sacrifice.
"Both the LHC and the Space program are vital if the human race is not to stultify and eventually die out. Together they cost less than one tenth of a per cent of world GDP. If the human race can not afford this, then it doesn't deserve the epithet 'human'."
This is the 1/35 Scale Ferdinand Plastic Model Kit
from the World of Tanks Series by Italeri.
Suitable for Ages 14 & Older.
FEATURES
Highly detailed plastic pieces molded in dark gray
Detailed hull
Liquid cement for plastics included
3 invite codes to share with your friends and one bonus code
for all players
Decorate your model with emblems and inscriptions taken from
the game
Historical references and in-game tips for World of Tanks Model kits
Waterslide decals
Illustrated instructions
MARKING
OPTIONS: One decal sheet with markings for 4 versions:
1) Summer camouflage
2) Summer 02 camouflage
3) Desert camouflage
4) Winter camouflage
INCLUDES
One plastic model
REQUIREMENTS
Assembly
Hobby knife (RMXR6909)
Sprue cutters (HCAR0630)
Paint (FS37038 Flat Black, FS37875 Flat White, FS37178 Flat Steel,
FS33440 Flat Panzer Dunkelgelb, FS30045 Flat Panzer
Schokobraun, FS34128 Flat Panzer Olivgrun)
SPECIFICATIONS
Scale: 1/35
Length: 9.52" (242mm)
Skill level: 3
COMMENTS
Due to small parts that could cause a choking hazard please keep
away from children 3 years of age and younger
tlc 8/28/15
Election 2016: Greens spruik climate, education policy at Melbourne campaign launch
Posted
The Greens have pledged to push for a strong renewable energy-led economy at the party's campaign launch in Melbourne.
Greens leader Richard Di Natale told the party faithful gathered in North Melbourne that their team offered a real alternative to Labor and the Liberal Party.
"The two old parties are so far gone in their race to the bottom," they said.
"They both support Australia's inhumane treatment of people seeking asylum, they both support new polluting coal mines and neither is prepared to end unfair tax breaks to raise the revenue we need to fund quality schools, hospitals and services.
"We go into this election with our biggest ever federal party room, our biggest-ever membership base, and the most volunteers we've ever had out having one-on-one conversations with voters about the issues that matter to them.
"We are proud to be running candidates in every seat across the country because those seats don't belong to the Labor or Liberal parties, they belong to the community, and the community deserves a choice outside of the Coles and Woolies of Australian politics."
Greens say they could win Melbourne Ports
Melbourne MP Adam Bandt is the Greens' only member in the House of Representatives but the party is targeting four other Melbourne seats at the election — Batman, Higgins, Wills and Melbourne Ports.
The party said new polling shows they are in a position to win Melbourne Ports, which has been held by Labor since 1906.
A survey by Lonergan research asked 1,357 people who they would vote for in the House of Representatives.
Twenty-seven per cent said they would vote for Greens candidate Steph Hodgins-May, compared to 25 per cent who would vote for Labor's Michael Danby, who currently holds the seat.
Forty-two per cent said they would support Liberal candidate Owen Guest, meaning The Greens could win on Labor preferences.
Greens candidate for Melbourne Ports Steph Hodgins-May said Mr Danby had defied Labor's national executive by handing out how-to-vote cards preferencing the Liberal Party ahead of the Greens.
"There has been a surge of support for the Greens in Melbourne Ports and this poll shows that we're in a position to win this Saturday," they said.
"If Labor fails to rein in Michael Danby then they run the real risk of handing the seat to the Liberal Party, which could be pivotal in who forms government in a tight election."
Topics: federal-government, government-and-politics, federal-elections, elections, melbourne-3000, vic, australia
Apple says the iPhone X has the most durable glass ever used in a smartphone, with a strengthening layer that is 50 percent deeper, but a series of drop tests show that glass and concrete still don't play well together. SquareTrade , a company that provides extended warranties for electronic devices, conducted several breakability tests on the iPhone X, and found that its glass back and lack of a home button make it "the most breakable iPhone ever."Not only did the iPhone X's glass shatter when dropped on its front and back from a height of six feet, but the display also malfunctioned. Keep in mind that pocket height for most people is about three feet.SquareTrade is naturally using the opportunity to push its two-year smartphone protection plan , which was recently reduced to $129 plus a $99 deductible for most claims, in the United States.The plan covers cracked screens, liquid damage, battery failure, Lightning connector failure, and speaker failure. It doesn't cover loss or theft.SquareTrade customers now have an in-home repair option with a lower $25 deductible to fix cracked screens. The service is currently available in more than 700 cities across the United States, with new cities added monthly.A few YouTube channels also tested the iPhone X in extreme conditions to determine how durable and water resistant the device is.EverythingApplePro placed the iPhone X in a 20-foot tube of water for 35 minutes without any signs of liquid damage occurring. They also put the iPhone X into a running washing machine, and the device still remained functional.JerryRigEverything scratched the iPhone X with a utility knife, including the cameras, stainless steel frame, and rear Apple logo. They also tried to bend the device, without much success, and burn the display with a lighter.While breakability tests are generally unscientific, the videos reveal that even the most durable glass in a smartphone isn't shatterproof.Apple recently confirmed it will charge out-of-warranty rates of $279 for iPhone X screen repairs, and $549 for any other damage to the device, unless it is a manufacturing defect covered by Apple's standard one-year limited warranty.There's also AppleCare+, an optional, premium warranty plan that extends an iPhone's warranty coverage to two years from the original purchase date of the device, and adds up to two incidents of accidental damage coverage.With AppleCare+ for iPhone X , the price of a repair would be the $199 upfront cost of the plan plus a $29 or $99 incidental fee.If you shatter your iPhone X's screen once, for example, you would pay $279 out of warranty. With the upfront cost of AppleCare+ coupled with the screen repair incidental fee, you would pay $228.If you shatter your iPhone X's back glass, having AppleCare+ is even more worthwhile. Apple's flat rate is $549 for this type of damage, while the upfront cost of AppleCare+ coupled with a $99 incidental fee totals $298.All prices above are listed in U.S. dollars. AppleCare+ and Apple's out-of-warranty repair fees vary in other countries.SquareTrade conducted breakability tests for the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus a few months ago with similar results. Both of the glass-bodied models shattered on all sides in every single drop test, including front and backdrops at a distance of six feet, a 22-foot shot drop test, and a tumble test.
Alessondra Springmann • June 24, 2013
How radar really works: The steps involved before getting an image
Arecibo Observatory is known for its 305-meter (1000-foot) diameter telescope and its appearances in Goldeneye and Contact. Aside from battling Bond villains and driving red diesel Jeeps around the telescope (grousing at the site director about the funding status of projects is optional), several hundred hours a year of telescope time at Arecibo go toward radar studies of asteroids. A group of four planetary radar astronomers at Arecibo (as well as collaborators and colleagues at institutions outside of Puerto Rico) is tasked with “finding them before they find us” by NASA's Near-Earth Object Observation program. We study the orbits and surface properties of our rowdy neighbors, near-Earth asteroids.
Alessondra Springmann William E. Gordon telescope Arecibo Observatory's William E. Gordon telescope, built in 1963, as viewed from the control room. Arecibo Observatory's William E. Gordon telescope, built in 1963, as viewed from the control room.
Asteroid radar as we know it started in 1998 at Arecibo Observatory with a big equipment upgrade. A six-story Gregorian dome (the big quasi-spherical structure hanging off of the suspended platform) was installed on the platform that hangs 150 meters (500 feet) above the dish. Previously, line feed antennas (like the one on the left, above) collected signals from radio sources. Line feeds worked fine, very narrow bands of radio detections. This is not so great for astronomical applications, which require wider bandwidths.
The Gregorian dome contains two matte mirrors to focus radio waves in (or out, as is the case with the transmitter) to a set of receivers. A variety of receivers, chilled with compressed helium, receives the radio waves, measuring them in units of volts (really, Arecibo is the world's largest voltmeter). The instruments can receive at frequencies ranging from from 47 Megahertz up past 10 Gigahertz to investigate all sorts of astronomical and atmospheric phenomena.
Cornell University Arecibo ray tracing diagram A cartoon ray tracing diagram of rays reflected off of the primary 305-meter dish (not shown), bouncing off of the secondary reflector (upper right), reflecting off of the tertiary mirror (center left, not labeled), and focusing in to the feed at the corner of the receiver room. For a more detailed ray trace, see Kildal, Johansson, Hagfors, and Giovanelli 1993: A cartoon ray tracing diagram of rays reflected off of the primary 305-meter dish (not shown), bouncing off of the secondary reflector (upper right), reflecting off of the tertiary mirror (center left, not labeled), and focusing in to the feed at the corner of the receiver room. For a more detailed ray trace, see Kildal, Johansson, Hagfors, and Giovanelli 1993: Analysis of a cluster feed for the Arecibo trireflector system using forward ray tracing and aperture integration.
Alessondra Springmann Arecibo matte secondary mirror
Alessondra Springmann Instruments on a “turret” that rotates
A powerful set of radio transmitters called klystrons also live Inside the Gregorian dome. Klystrons are like light bulbs for radio waves: they are used for creating and amplifying radio signals for everything from weather radar to particle accelerators (like at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, SLAC). Unlike measly 100-watt light bulbs, our klystrons generate 500 kilowatts each in the radio part of the spectrum. They require vacuum tubes and magnets to keep their electron beams aligned. So, a little more complicated than light bulbs.
Klystrons transmit linearly polarized radio waves, which need to be turned into circularly polarized waves. Received echoes are turned from circularly polarized light back into linearly polarized light. The devices responsible for this radio frequency engineering magic are known as septum polarizers and turnstile junctions. Seriously, take a look at these things, they're pure black magic.
The process of observing, which we refer to as "experimenting," is very different at Arecibo than it is for an optical telescope. We observe in the rain, in the fog, and during the daytime. Radar's like the honey badger, it simply doesn't care.
Radar is also active: we transmit radio waves at our targets, then wait for the return echoes. This is unlike passive astronomy, where you wait for light that originated hundreds, thousands, millions, or billions of years ago, or observe photons from the Sun reflected off of objects in the solar system. Instead, we create the photons that we ultimately collect.
A lot of time with optical telescopes is spent taking calibration data. With radar, however, we know exactly what our signal is like that we transmit, which makes the calibration process part of transmitting and receiving, so we don't have to spend extra time observing comparison stars or solar analogs.
We send a powerful pulse of radio waves from our klystrons in the Gregorian dome that then reflects off of the dish and bounces off of passing asteroids. The echoes reflect off the dish, into the Gregorian dome, and just before they come back, we turn off our transmitter and use a sensitive radio receiver to collect the radio echoes from the asteroid.
Nights, or technically "observing runs," start with switching on diesel generators on the other side of the site. The telescope operator takes a 1972 diesel Jeep CJ, shoves in the sticky clutch, and drives over to the maintenance side of site to start the generators. Diesel fuel is the biggest single cost toward running the planetary radar system at Arecibo. The generators create 60,000 volts at 33 amps that travel along a high voltage cable to the Gregorian dome and the klystrons. That high voltage turns into two megawatts of power, one megawatt that we dump as waste heat via 300 gallons a minute of water pumped through cooling tubes from a homebrew setup.
Alessondra Springmann One of Arecibo's klystrons with its cooling tube
Half of the remaining megawatt, 500 kilowatts, goes to power each klystron, and eventually, out to the asteroid. We transmit the equivalent of 10^13 watts of power (isotropic equivalent), and receive 10^-7 watts back - that's one part in 10^27 that we detect. Granted, we're sort of cheating: Arecibo has 10^7 of gain due to the immense size of the dish.
While observing, we have a telescope operator who makes sure the telescope is pointed properly, as well as a transmitter operator. The transmitter operator keeps track of the magnets, currents, and voltages, to ensure that we are not frying the vacuum tubes with the electron beams.
Alessondra Springmann Norberto Despiau, who has been with Arecibo Observatory for decades. They have a good sense of humor about problem-solving and staying up late to operate the transmitter, and warns my visiting friends about the giant coquí frogs. Norberto Despiau, who has been with Arecibo Observatory for decades. They have a good sense of humor about problem-solving and staying up late to operate the transmitter, and warns my visiting friends about the giantfrogs.
The high voltage and klystron system is complex, and things go wrong. Finding klystron engineers is difficult, because most of them are retired. Troubleshooting techniques involve manually overriding the high voltage transformer switch with a piece of wood, replacing 250-watt light bulbs, pouring more deionized water into the cooling system, and giving the high-voltage power supply the stinkeye. The latter works surprisingly well.
Getting the returned radio signals out of the telescope is another kettle of fish. We technically collect signals as voltages, not as power, so we can downconvert, frequency shift, filter, amplify, and otherwise manipulate our echoes before officially “observing” them as a vanishingly small fraction of a watt. Signals travel through a thicket of BNC (coaxial) cables and eventually into a vintage Sun Sparcstation.
Alessondra Springmann Tangle of BNC cables
Alessondra Springmann Sun Sparcstation, vintage mid-1990's
Once we've collected the echoes of our transmitted signal, we run fast Fourier transforms on them to get a power spectrum of the returned waves. A lot of UNIX commands later, and after downloading multi-gigabyte files and uttering oaths at Sun keyboards, you get a totally sweet image.
Arecibo Observatory / NAIC / Ellen Howell & Sean Marshall Arecibo radar view of asteroid 1998 QE2 on June 7, 2013 Asteroid 1998 QE2 on June 7, 2013, as viewed by the radio telescope at the Arecibo Observatory. Asteroid 1998 QE2 on June 7, 2013, as viewed by the radio telescope at the Arecibo Observatory.
And then you do (a) science! But that's a story for another day.
Background image credit: ~Shiranai
Australian authorities, who are leading the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370, on Wednesday released pictures of the floor of the Indian Ocean where officials hope to locate the debris of the missing plane. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) said that the pictures revealed "important" details about the seafloor, which would assist in the search for the plane that went missing on March 8.
The images were taken by the GO Phoenix vessel, which is scouring the seafloor for remains of the plane that has been missing for over nine months. Fugro Discovery, another vessel, is also conducting an underwater search for the missing Boeing 777. The broader search is being conducted by the Joint Agency Coordination Centre, a collaborative effort between Australia, Malaysia and China.
“The underwater search aims to map the MH370 debris field in order to identify and prioritise the recovery of specific aircraft components, including flight recorders, which will assist with the Malaysian investigation,” ATSB said, in a statement on its website, adding: “The equipment used on the vessels is providing extraordinary data.”
Over 9,000 square kilometers (5,592 miles) of the ocean floor has been searched so far and about 200,000 square kilometers (124,274 miles) of the search area has been surveyed, according to ATSB. The primary search area is an arc of 60,000 square kilometers (37,282 miles), starting about 1,800 kilometers (1,118 miles) off the Australian coast, the Daily Mail reported.
“The ATSB has utilised the data from the bathymetric survey work to prepare the initial plan for the underwater search, to be followed and referred to by all parties involved,” ATSB said, in the statement, adding: “The plan includes search timings, methods, procedures, safety precautions and the initial search areas for the various vessels.”
Despite the authorities' confidence that they are using the correct methods for the search, concerns remain that the plane, which disappeared with 239 on board while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, may never be found.
It doesn't take a stellar imagination to figure out the main downside of solar power. For years, the question of how to store the energy generated when the sun is shining for use at night has prevented solar power from becoming a viable alternative energy source. However, a new breakthrough may have overcome that storage problem, opening the door for solar energy on a grand scale.
Drawing on the principles of photosynthesis, the team at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology designed a system that uses solar power to break water into hydrogen and oxygen, which can be stored for later use as fuel. The process, detailed in the July 31st issue of the journal Science, hinges on the addition of new catalysts. The new technique takes advantage of a cobalt catalyst's ability to create oxygen gas when combined with water and an electric current. The solar panels provide the electric current, and the energy from that current is stored in the form of the hydrogen and oxygen, rather than in a capacitor.
Storing the solar energy as disassociated hydrogen and oxygen is far easier and cheaper than storing the solar power as electrical energy in a capacity. With the difficulty and expense of energy storage forming a major hurdle in the way of providing affordable solar power, this new technique may be the first step towards fulfilling significant energy demands with solar power. And considering the high price and limited available of fossils fuels, along with the fact that 174 thousand trillion watts of sunlight hit the Earth every day, a breakthrough in solar energy couldn't come at a better time. Of course, cars still cant' use the hydrogen fuel generated by this process, but at least it's a step in the right direction.
Via Science Daily
The first lineup has been announced for the 27th Seoul Music Awards.
On December 20, it was revealed that BTS, EXO, Wanna One, VIXX, JBJ, WINNER, MXM, and BLACKPINK will be performing at the event this year. These eight groups will be joined by more artists that will probably be announced later on.
As previously mentioned, the awards being given out this year include Daesang (Grand Prize), Best Album Award, Best Digital Song Award, Bonsang (Main Prizes), New Artist Award, Ballad Award, OST Award, R&B and Hip Hop Award, Trot Award, Ballad Award, Popularity Award, Korean Wave Award, Performance & Culture Award, Discovery Award, Dance Performance Award, and Fandom School Award.
The 27th Seoul Music Awards will be held on January 25 at Gocheok Sky Dome. It is set to begin at 7:30 p.m. KST, and run for approximately three and a half hours. Ticketing will take place on December 20 at 8 p.m. KST.
Source (1)
A phone theft in the middle of one of San Francisco's busiest areas had a happy(ish) ending Friday, when a good Samaritan who saw the robbery tackled one of the thieves.
A 26-year-old woman was standing at Fourth and Market Streets, just steps from the Westfield Centre, at 5:21 Friday night. That's when a teenage male grabbed the phone from their hand and ran off, the San Francisco Police Department says.
The woman chased the teen down and tried to "wrestle" with the thief, according to the SFPD. But during the scrum, the robber passed the phone off to an accomplice, also described as between 15 and 16 years old.
That second thief ran west on Market, SFPD says, the woman closely behind. That's when a "good Samaritan" who saw the pursuit intervened and grabbed the second suspect.
During the physical altercation, the larcenous teen dropped the phone, SFPD says. They then managed to break free from the good Samaritan, and both teens fled in an "unknown direction," and haven't been seen since.
The fight for their device left the woman with "bruised forearms and knees," injuries that are obviously not considered life-threatening. And they have since been reunited with their phone.
Outside's Best Towns contest is back for the fourth year in a row, with one key difference. This time, the towns are going head-to-head, and we're trusting our favorite experts—our readers—to pick the best place to live in America. We've put together a bracket of our 64 favorite towns in the country, from mountain escapes to beachside getaways and powder hot spots.
Now it's your job to crown a winner.
Doing that is simple: Go to the Vote Here section below to vote for your favorite towns. The first five rounds of voting will last five days. You may vote once per round for each matchup. The winners will advance until only two towns remain. Then we'll have a seven-day showdown to determine Outside's Best Town 2014. The winner will be the town with the most votes on June 15.
Results: Read the Detailed Results from the Tournament
On 28 December I performed my annual progress around a Midlands motorway triangle, through sluggish bank holiday traffic, to venerate relatives' graves. My eight-year-old daughter accompanied me, leavening my loneliness, and I made the dutiful day delightful by insisting we listen to Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds in its entirety. Don't you wish I was your dad?
A child sees that a multiplicity of faiths must mean none can be absolutely true
We enjoyed impersonating the portentous tones of Richard Burton at appropriately banal points in our pilgrimage; “No one would have believed, in the last days of Christmas 2015, the length of toilet queues at Strensham services. And yet, slowly and surely, the desperate motorists drew towards the lavatories.” The day was like an episode of The Trip, but with two Rob Brydons, both of whom could only do Richard Burton.
Between you and me, I have struggled with what Christmas means this year. I dip into the Christian tradition that is my cultural heritage with a yearly mass. And I enjoy Yule ritual that predates the belief system dominant in these islands this last millennium, recently replaced by television, political correctness gone mad, rampant consumerism, and gays.
But inappropriate weather skews the season. Things should bloom in spring. That's why the church dumped the resurrection on to the festival of the fertility goddess Ostara, giving converts some rebirth-themed continuity.
Where the Easter Bunny fits remains mysterious, though rabbits' reproductive capacity makes them, like Olive and George Osmond, folkloric symbols of fecundity. Indeed, in Utah, the Easter Osmond, clad in flares and enormous teeth, flings a boiled egg, smeared with semen, at childless Mormons.
The festival is in flux. Are the obsolete snowflake decorations of today's un-wintery, wet, warm Christmas now merely a race memory of the days when we had definable seasons, rather than just climatic blandness interrupted by catastrophes?
Illustration by David Foldvari.
Approaching the cemetery, I said to my daughter, “I do not believe in an afterlife, so why am I putting flowers on graves?” “It makes you feel nice,” they said, “and it is nice to remember people.” They were right, and rational, but, crucially, they were also humane and sensitive. I tidied up the headstones and placed pot plants. “My life will be forever autumn, now you're not here,” I sang, an atheist at Christmas, enacting ancestor worship, in lieu of a lamb to love.
My children's mother is Catholic. We tolerate each other's views with diligent determination, bending magnanimously in the face of educational or cultural obstacles. The children have friends of all faiths and none. I hope they will learn about religions, and non-religious beliefs, in enough detail to allow us all to reference them confidently. And I'd like standup comedy audiences of young people to be well versed enough to appreciate my clever jokes about consubstantiation and Islamic taboos, instead of just staring in fear.
The Christmas assemblies I attended this year were, given that the children of parents professing Christian beliefs were a minority, understandable compromises of utilitarian poesy, recalling the Wookiees' Life Day celebrations, in the suppressed 1978-Star Wars Holiday Special. (This remains the most thematically coherent of the original's seven sequels, The Force Awakens lacking both Bea Arthur doing a recipe, and a miniaturised Jefferson Starship.)
I want my kids to appreciate the stories informing Milton and Blake, and The Life of Brian and Lenny Bruce, without being told they must believe them. And I think that a diverse religious education could dilute extremism. A child sees that a multiplicity of faiths must mean none can be absolutely true and that, irrespective of whether a God exists, these supposedly revealed truths, in all their manifestations, evidence our desire to dramatise experience.
And so I welcomed the November high court judgment, by Mr Justice Warby, that the religious studies GCSE should reflect multiple beliefs and non-beliefs. And, despite being a card-carrying secularist, I have been diligently reading the children The Pop-up Book of the Nativity every night over Christmas as part of their liberal education, to the particular irritation of my 28-year-old son.
War of the Worlds finished (“Can anybody hear me? Come in. Come in.”). Radio 4's Beyond Belief began. It was. The panellists discussed the afterlife. Shaunaka Rishi Das, a Hindu, believed, like George Lucas and the Jedi Knights, that the spirit continues to live on as energy after the body has died.
Dr Shuruq Naguib, Lancaster University Islamic studies lecturer, accepted an afterlife because doing so is one of the pillars of Islam and they are a Muslim and so therefore they believed in it, a circuitous position I imagined unlikely to make for enlightening listening.
If Nicky Morgan wants Christianity to flourish, humanism should be taught in schools | Andrew Brown Read more
And the writer and broadcaster Peter Stanford, the thinking person's Catholic content provider, said they embraced the afterlife, but with the considered professional caution that plays well with the target demographic.
All believed in life after death. And so, for a moment, did I, as listening to this show in a traffic jam on the M40 was my idea of hell. “There should be a scientist there,” said my eight-year-old, with the wisdom of a child, “to spoil everyone's fun.”
I thought, “I am going to front a radio discussion on whether the Loch Ness monster is a dinosaur, an alien, or a ghost, without anyone to suggest it probably isn't anything at all,” but then at the 15-minute mark a doctor was interviewed to provide balance and my prejudice was pricked.
Then the news came on. A small story, secreted suspiciously in the builder's cleft between Christmas and new year, revealed that education secretary Nicky Morgan had announced the high court findings need have “no impact” on schools' religious teachings. There was no obligation on schools to cover non-religious views, and students should be told Britain is “in the main Christian”, even though it demonstrably isn't, and we obviously need to work out what cultural cohesion can replace the binding agent of faith.
A spokesperson, who may have been glossing off-piste, said the minister sought to prevent a “creeping ratchet effect” of humanist attempts to make the curriculum fairer. Always use the word “creeping” if you want to imply evil. You could put the word “creeping” in front of the words “Dame Vera Lynn” and see them become a pariah overnight.
I thought about Nicky Morgan, and I was overcome with a feeling of profound despair that made a dark day darker, as a generation's chances faded. And I wondered how something so obvious to children could be hidden from the person responsible for their education. “Can anybody hear me? Come in. Come in.”
A Room With a Stew is at Leicester Square theatre, London WC2, until 8 Jan; A Room With a Stew – Marathon Nights is at the Royal Festival Hall, London SE1, 9-11 Jan
Congress supporters from Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh on Monday protested against Rishi Kapoor's tweet where they spoke against naming of roadways, airports and railway stations after the Gandhi family - by naming a toilet after him.
A Sulabh toilet in Shivaji Park was named after the seasoned Bollywood actor.
Protesters said that the naming of the Gandhi family is justified as the country prospered after achieving freedom due to them. Kapoor had taken to Twitter on May 17 and questioned the christening of important places after Gandhi family members. They said that such important places should be named after Bollywood actors and sport heroes.
Change Gandhi family assets named by Congress.Bandra/Worli Sea Link to Lata Mangeshkar or JRD Tata link road. Baap ka maal samjh rakha tha ? — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 17, 2016
If roads in Delhi can be changed why not Congress assets/property ke naam? Was in Chandigarh wahan bhi Rajeev Gandhi assets? Socho? Why? — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 17, 2016
We must name important assets of the country who have contributed to society. Har cheez Gandhi ke naam? I don't agree. Sochna log! — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 17, 2016
Film City should be named Dilip Kumar,Dev Anand,Ashok Kumar ya Amitabh Bachchan ke naam? Rajeev Gandhi udyog Kya hota hai? Socho doston! — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 17, 2016
Imagine Mohamad Rafi Mukesh Manna Dey Kishore Kumar venues on their name like in our country. Just a suggestion — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 17, 2016
Why Indira G airport International ? Why not Mahatma Gandhi or Bhagat Singh Ambedkar or on my name Rishi Kapoor. As superficial! What say? — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 17, 2016
Raj Kapoor has made India proud over the years all over even after their death. Certainly more than What has been perceived by politics. — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 17, 2016
The comments by Kapoor raked up a huge controversy. Congress supporters staged a protest outside their house on Wednesday, while Anupam Kher came out in their support and said, "You need courage to say it". On the other hand, Maharashtra MLA Eknath Shinde refused to comment on the issue.
However, none of this deterred the actor, who stuck to their opinion.
Thank you all for your unprecedented unconditional support,love and solidarity for what I said. Mera Bharat Mahaan! — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) May 18, 2016
Thank you, thank you world over! Your reaction coming is unprecedented. I meant it from my heart and you know it. And I know you know it! May 18, 2016
Auto executives and analysts are fretting about how Trump will use the bully pulpit of their office – and their Twitter account – to try and force radical change
“I like the car I'm in now. It's a Chevrolet Suburban. Made in the USA,” Donald Trump told the Detroit News last year when the then presidential hopeful was asked to name their favorite car from their 100-plus vehicle fleet that includes a scissor-door Lamborghini Diablo and a 1956 Rolls-Royce Silver Cloud.
'Just the beginning': Trump may disrupt 20-year boom for Mexico auto industry Read more
For General Motors, Chevy's owner, it was nice PR, the latest in a series of endorsements from the Trumps that reach back like a stretch limo to the Cadillac Trump's landlord father Fred used to pick up their rent checks. In the 1980s Donald Trump even worked on building a Trump-branded Cadillac, complete with VCR and paper shredder. The Trumps may be fans of the US's largest car manufacturer but GM, and the car industry in general, should have been paying more attention to the final sentence of their pre-election endorsement: “Made in the USA.”
Trump hit out at the car industry last week like a drive-by shooter, firing off a series of angry tweets about their outsourcing of US jobs. Those tweets will be the hottest topic this week as Detroit's annual car jamboree, the North American International Auto Show, gets started. It's a chance for the industry to show off all its latest products and for its executives to address the media about the future. Trump's blimp-like shadow is overhanging the event as executives and analysts fret about how this overtly interventionist president will use the bully pulpit of their office, and their Twitter account, to try and force a radical change in the way they do business.
“Pretty much everybody is dreading being the subject of a tweet. Getting hauled out into the court of public opinion with virtually no warning is not something anybody wants to get engaged with,” said Kristin Dziczek, director of the industry, labor and economics group at the Michigan-based Center for Automotive Research (CAR).
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Inside Donald Trump's 1988 Cadillac: the ‘best limo in the world' had rosewood interiors and was equipped with a fax machine, TV, VCR, paper shredder and built-in safe. Photograph: Jules Annan / Barcroft Images
The auto industry matters to the US and to Trump. Six years after a recession that almost destroyed it, the US car industry has made a miraculous recovery. Last week it reported record sales for 2016. Auto manufacturers, suppliers and dealers employ over 1.5 million people and directly contribute to the creation of another 5.7m jobs, according to the CAR.
Trump won thanks in large part to states where the auto industry is strongest. The Republican candidate took Michigan, home to the auto show and still the industry's hub, from the Democrats for the first time since 1988 with a campaign that tore into companies that have sent those voters' jobs abroad, especially to Mexico. Ford bore the brunt of Trump's attacks during the election. Last week it was GM's turn. Then Toyota's.
“General Motors is sending Mexican-made model of Chevy Cruze to US car dealers-tax free across border. Make in the USA or pay big border tax!” the president elect warned via their favorite megaphone, Twitter.
Two days later, they were after Toyota. “Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for US. NO WAY! Build plant in US or pay big border tax,” they tweeted. Toyota's plans were old news but the tweet came on the same day that its president, Akio Toyoda, had told reporters they were keen to work with the president-elect.
These were the latest in a series of attacks on major US employers, including Carrier, Boeing and Lockheed Martin, that have so far brought CEOs running, cap in hand, to Trump Tower to make up for their alleged corporate misdeeds. Shortly after the GM tweet, Ford announced it had canned plans to open a $1.6bn plant in Mexico and would add new jobs building electric and hybrid vehicles at a plant in Flat Rock, Michigan. Trump hailed the move: “Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the US. This is just the beginning – much more to follow,” they tweeted.
Matt DeLorenzo, managing editor for Kelley Blue Book, said Trump was “playing to their base and a lot of the voters who put them in office were industrial midwest, blue collar, union workers. All their tweets and pronouncements have been geared to addressing that audience,” said Matt DeLorenzo, managing editor for Kelley Blue Book.
Ford had already warned that the car industry was expecting a slowdown in sales, especially of smaller vehicles like the ones that would have been built in Mexico. So scrapping the plan makes economic as well as political sense for the company, but market watchers doubt the industry and Trump's agendas will remain compatible.
GM is expected to start laying off more than 3,000 factory workers in Michigan and Ohio, another state that voted for Trump, starting later this month. Will they defend that decision if Trump goes on the attack?
The car industry is truly international and China is its largest market. GM and its joint venture partners sold 3.87m vehicles in China in 2016, up 7.1% from the previous year. China accounts for a third of GM's sales. Like its corporate peers, GM has – so far – remained silent over Trump's anti-China rhetoric, but a trade war would be a disaster for the company.
Some wonder if Trump will really translate tough talk into policy. “There is always a difference between campaigning and governing and we have not yet seen what governing looks like,” said Dziczek. Others are more concerned. Trump is in a honeymoon period because “there is nobody speaking out”, said Daniel Ikenson, director of the Herbert A Stiefel Center for Trade Policy Studies at the Cato Institute. Republicans have remained silent as they have attacked businesses they once defended and the business community has even gone out of its way to endorse Trump cabinet picks that have overt protectionist views, they said.
'Fear and threats': Mexico hits back after Trump pressures automakers Read more
The incoming president has clearly signalled that Obama's trade-friendly, internationalist era is over, said Ikenson. The US steel industry lawyer Robert Lighthizer is Trump's choice for United States trade representative, the anti-China economist Peter Navarro is set to head the newly created National Trade Council at the White House and the billionaire investor Wilbur Ross, a staunch critic of the US's existing trade agreements, is Trump's pick to lead the commerce department.
“These are people who if you mentioned them a few months ago, businesspeople would shudder. Now: ‘Hey, great idea, we like the enforcement mentality.' They are scared. To me, this is extremely disconcerting and dangerous. This silence of people who should be speaking out is reminiscent of the 1930s. The stakes might be different but it's a similar sort of thing,” Ikenson said.
So far, corporate reaction to Trump's election has been bland; business leaders like that he's is “pro-growth” and wants to cut red tape. But that may change once Trump is in office. The president may also find that changing the industry is harder than they think.
The auto industry is a global supplier with a global supply chain. While it's politically easy to target US neighbours like Mexico for “taking American jobs”, the real picture is more nuanced than anything you could fit into a 140-character tweet.
Forty per cent of the parts that make up the average vehicle imported to the US from Mexico were made in the US. “We are sending them parts, engines, transmissions that then come back to us as vehicles that have been assembled,” said Dziczek.
Imposing duties on foreign imports makes about as much sense as “building a concrete wall in the middle of what used to be Ford's Dearborn plant”, said Ikenson. “The factory floor spans borders and oceans now. Imposing tariffs like this is like separating the chassis line from the engine line.”
CAR is predicting Mexican auto assembly capacity will more than double in size between 2010 and 2020, thanks in part to lower labour costs but also to Mexico's free trade agreements with 40 countries that give it access to 47% of the world's automotive market. In the next five years, CAR predicts, most Mexican car exports will go to countries outside the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), which Trump has attacked for taking US jobs. Dziczek doubts one man, even the US president, can hold back those forces. “You put a plant in place for 30 or 40 years. You don't worry about four to eight years. Plants last a lot longer than presidents,” they said.
As Trump prepares to take office, Ikenson said they worried that autoworkers and other voters who backed Trump in part as a protest against the impact of decades of free trade may not like what they get. If trade agreements are scrapped and imports imposed on foreign goods, “they will be the first wave of casualties. We went from 19m workers in manufacturing in 1979 to about 12m today. That goes down to 10m workers,” they predicted.
But Trump and Trump's voters have heard this argument before and they aren't buying it. On the crowded floor of Detroit's Cobo Center this week, and in the suites and conference rooms of its hotels, the car industry's biggest brains will all be working overtime trying to figure out how to deal with the man their workers elected.
Bitmain Technologies, a company well-known for their ASIC bitcoin mining chips, has recently announced it has started sampling its first machine-learning accelerator. Today, at the AIWORLD 2017 Artificial Intelligence Conference in Beijing, Bitmain's founder and CEO Micree Zhan was invited to give a keynote speech on AI computing. Along with the speech, Bitmain officially launched their new neural processor – the Sophon BM1680. The company also introduced accelerator cards based on the chip and a complete analytics server. Everything will be sold under the new Sophon brand name.
The Chip
Bitmain started exploring the field of artificial intelligence and neural processors as early as 2015. By April of this year the BM1680 has taped-out. The Sophon BM1680 is a 41W TDP custom design neural processor manufactured on TSMC's 28nm HPC+ process. Bitmain claims the chip is designed not only for inference, but also for training of neural networks, suitable for working with the common ANNs such as CNN, RNN, and DNN. With that regard it is similar in application to Intel's Nervana NNP which was also recently announced.
At the heart of the chip is the NPU subsystem which consists of 64 NPUs, the hub, and an NPU Schedule Engine. The scheduling engine is in charge of controlling the data flow to the individual NPUs. Bitmain has not disclosed the intimate details of the NPU cores but we do know it has 512 KiB of program-visible SRAM and supports 64 single-precision operations. With a total of 64 NPUs, the chip has a total of 32 MiB of cache and a peak performance of 2 TFLOPS (single-precision). The company stated the chip is capable of 80 billion algorithmic operations per second, but since we don't know the exact meaning of those operations, it's impossible to compare that number to existing chips.
In addition to the embedded ARM microcontroller and the typical peripheral subsystem, the chip has a beefed up memory subsystem which supports up to 16 GiB of quad-channel DDR4-2667 with ECC support for a total bandwidth of 85.34 GB/s. This memory is used to store network information and neuron data.
Multiprocessing
The BM1680 is actually a multiprocessor supporting multiple chips connected together to act as a single unit. The chip integrates what Bitmain calls the “BMDNN Chip link”, a low-latency high-speed SerDes link with a total bandwidth of 50 GB/s.
Accelerator Cards
As with their Bitcoin business, Bitmain plans on introducing complete servers based on the BM1680. Two initial SKUs are introduced, the Sophon SC1 and the SC1+. Both are PCIe 3.0 x8 deep learning acceleration cards with cooling fans. The SC1 includes a single BM1680 chip while the SC2 includes two. Both cards come with a Xilinx Kintex FPGA used to receive the data from the host processor (typically an Intel Xeon) and distribute it across available nodes.
Card Sophon SC1 Sophon SC1+ Appearance PCB Chips 1x BM1680 + 1x FPGA 2x BM1680 + 1x FPGA Peak Performance (SP) 2 TFLOPS 4 TFLOPS Memory 16 GiB 32 GiB Power 85 W 150 W Interface PCIe x8 Total Cache 32 MiB 64 MiB BMDDN Chip Link 50 GB/s Form Factor (LxHxT) 216mm x 128.9mm x 39.8mm 324.8mm x 125.9mm x 39.8mm Certification FCC, CE
Servers
The final product Bitmain launched is what the company calls the intelligent video and image analysis server system – the Sophon SS1. The SS1 comes preinstalled with Ubuntu and includes Bitmains entire AI software stack including runtime libraries and sample code. Bitmain says users can expect to achieve operations such as human face detection and video analysis capabilities out-of-the-box. The Sophon SS1 will feature an Intel Xeon E3-1275 v6 operating at 3.8 GHz with a turbo boost of 4.2 and 2 Sophon SC1+ cards for a total of 4 BM1680s.
OS Ubuntu 16.04 Toolkit Preloaded software environment, including firmware, drivers, BMDNN libs, runtime libs and other related packages. Test sample codes Preloaded models and testcase codes for Object Detection & Recognition CPU Intel E3-1275 v6, 4 Cores, 3.8GHz (Max Turbo 4.2GHz) DL accelerating card 2x SC1+ System power 800W System memory 2x 8G DDR4/2133-ECC (Max 64GB) Storage 250G 2.5 inch SATA3 solid state disk (Max 6 SATA disks) Network interface 2x GLAN (1000M/100M self-adaptation) Peripheral 4x USB3.0 Display 1x HDMI Dimension 380 (L) x 425(W) x 177(H) mm Weight 10Kg
Future Roadmap
Bitmain is expected to maintain their rapid development cycle. The company expects to introduce a second-generation chip based on TSMC's 12nm FinFET, an enhanced 16nm FinFET process which they hope will start shipping in the second half of 2018.
The Australian iron ore industry has long expected to replace Chinese miners as the main suppliers of iron ore to Chinese steel mills, because the costs of production were typically lower in the Pilbara than in China. Orica chief executive Alberto Calderon has announced plans to write down the value of its assets by as much as $1.65 billion and has hosed down the market's earnings expectations by 10 per cent. Credit:Carla Gottgens But the dramatic slide in the iron ore price has challenged that notion, which was supposed to keep iron ore prices around $US110 per tonne in the long term. "The subsidies, if implemented, will sustain domestic production, increase the global supply of iron ore and result in prices slumping further," said Shenhua Futures analyst Wu Zhili on Wednesday. Iron ore miners in both countries have worked hard to lower their costs of production over the past year, but huge amounts of extra supply have continued to erode margins, and recent support measures by governments in both nations suggests the iron ore fight has progressed to a higher level.
Aside from rescinding the minerals resource rent tax, the carbon tax and Western Australia offering royalty relief, the Reserve Bank of Australia has also been accused by foreign miners of trying to save Australian miners by cutting interest rates in a bid to devalue the local currency. Despite those measures, Australian microcaps like Western Desert Resources have gone into receivership, while bigger players like Atlas Iron have ceased trading on the ASX while they try to work out whether they have a viable future at current iron ore prices. BHP and Rio Tinto are believed to be the only Australian miners making a profit at the current iron ore price. The Chinese tax cut will further stoke speculation that Australian miners, rather than Chinese, will be the victims of the iron ore price slump. Former BHP Billiton executive, and now Orica boss Alberto Calderon speculated as much during a speech in Melbourne late last year.
"The conventional wisdom was that the production tonnes that would be displaced through mines closing would be in China; this is probably not true," they said at the time. "China's iron ore production will remain around 400 million tonnes. Maybe it will drop to about 360 million tonnes, but it should orbit at around those levels during the next few years. "Yes there will be closures but new and more efficient mines are being built. China will repeat what it has done already in aluminium and thermal coal: create an oversupply of iron ore that will benefit them as a consumer country." Mr Calderon said China had saved itself about $US250 billion over recent years by flooding the aluminium market with supply and duly dragging down prices for the lightweight metal. That process forced many marginal aluminium smelters around the world, including in Australia, to be closed, and Mr Calderon said Australia's iron ore sector could endure a similar experience.
"The bulk of the reduction in iron ore supply will not come from China. A significant part of the excess tonnes may come from Australia. What we can guess with some certainty is that prices will revert to marginal cost, even under-shooting into the low $70s (per tonne of iron ore) for some years," they said. "Some iron ore producers, or many, will experience what their colleagues in aluminium and nickel have lived through over the past few years." with wires
Ladies and gentlemen, start your engines and get down to the servo, because the average fuel price in Australia has hit a 12-year low, and prices like this can't last forever.
The last time petrol was this cheap, Shannon Noll's 'What About Me' was the top song and a Tassie girl called Mary Donaldson was preparing to marry Frederick, Crown Prince of Denmark.
Figures released by the NRMA on Thursday confirmed prices for regular unleaded petrol had fallen in line with wholesale fuel prices at an average of 97 cents per litre with a low of 91 cents, while E10 and diesel were down to a low of 88.9 cents.
NRMA's fuel price analysis Regular Average: 97.0 Low: 91.4 High: 129.4 E10 Average: 94.8 Low: 88.9 High: 119.9 Premium 95 Average: 108.4 Low: 109.9 High: 138.9 Premium 98 Average: 114.7 Low: 105.9 High: 142.9 Diesel Average: 107.8 Low: 88.9 High: 127.8 LPG Average: 59.8 Low: 54.5 High: 69.9
The question is: why so low?
Petrol prices rely on the cost of its main component crude oil, which -- along with pirate rum -- is priced per barrel.
The Australian Institute of Petroleum, which has member companies BP, Viva Energy Australia, Mobil and Caltex, has put together this chart of the declining cost of crude oil prices and the Singapore petrol price, which Australians rely on.
This is caused by simple supply and demand. As it stands, Saudi Arabia has flooded the market with oil, which has driven the price down, and oil minister Ali Al-Naimi reportedly said there wouldn't be any reduction in production. Meanwhile economic sanctions in Iran were recently lifted, allowing its oil to be sold more readily.
Then there's the U.S., which, instead of relying on OPEC oil, has increasingly been mining its own since 2011.
As for demand, China's economic slowdown means one of the world's largest consumers was not buying at the levels it had previously.
UNSW Business School Director of the Institute of Global Finance Fariborz Moshirian said there was nothing to suggest these factors would change any time soon.
"Generally, the supply of oil is not going to abate," Moshirian told HuffPost Australia.
"Demand is down due to slow economic growth in China and other emerging countries. It is possible that the oil price remains at $30 to $35 for the foreseeable future."
Moshirian said a deeper analysis of oil prices revealed immense political forces.
"Oil is a major political force," Moshirian said.
"There's a suggestion that Saudi Arabia is driving down the price of oil so shale oil exploration in the U.S. is not successful."
University of Western Australia professor of finance Richard Heaney said the current price reduction could be a reflection of an unraveling of high-cost oil markets.
"There's a massive supply but as China pulls back on demand, and other emerging economies are requiring less oil, the price is going to decline considerably," Heaney said.
"I think we're going to see a situation where the high-cost crude oil producers aren't going to survive.
"The whole market's been seriously screwed up and I think there could be some big players burnt."
I just got petrol for under 90c! It legit hasn't been that cheap ever whilst I've had a license! #adultthings — Emily Conroy (@TheOnlyEmcon) February 24, 2016
For all the aussies out there. I dont think ive seen petrol this cheap as an adult before. #thevalue pic.twitter.com/HVtvHPuC71 — OfficialKordGaming (@KordGaming) February 23, 2016
How longs it been since petrol was this cheap pic.twitter.com/ONZU0vE2KV — Sarkha Fredrick (@SarkhaF) February 24, 2016
Meanwhile at Aussie servos, NRMA President Kyle Loades said retail petrol prices were determined by price movements in the refined product, known as Mogas 95.
“Changes in Mogas prices tend to take about seven to 10 working days to be passed on to Australian motorists,” Loades said.
“The timing of these changes is also influenced by the price cycle in the major capital cities. In regional centres and towns, the impact of Mogas price movements is dependent on the timing of petrol purchases and the delivery to the service stations.”
Beer Or Sugar Water? For Flies, The Choice Is Pale Ale
toggle caption iStockphoto.com
Scientists in California think they've figure out why flies like beer. That may sound a bit trivial, but in fact it could lead to new ways of combating plant and animal pests.
That flies like beer is well known. "The attraction of flies to beer was first reported in the early 1920s," says Anupama Dahanukar. She's part of an inter-disciplinary program involving neuroscience and entomology at the University of California, Riverside. She's been studying how flies recognize chemicals, so answering the question of why flies like beer is actually quite relevant to their research.
It's not a simple question. Scientists are only just beginning to understand the basics of smell and taste in humans, so research on flies has been extremely helpful with that.
Since flies are well known to like sugar, it could just be that flies like beer because they can detect some residual sugar in beer. But Dahanukar suspected that might not be the case. So they planned an experiment. They would give the flies a choice between beer and sugar water, and see which they preferred.
"We selected a pale ale, and the main reason was because pale ales have very lowed sugar contents," says Dahanukar. "So we were trying to identify other chemicals — chemicals other than sugars that taste good to flies."
Zev Wisotsky, a graduate student in Dahanukar's lab, actually performed the experiment. "I remember it was a Saturday," they say. "I grabbed the beer at the grocery store, came into the lab, and performed the two-choice assay."
The two-choice assay forces the flies to choose between a sip of beer and a sip of sugar water. The flies went for the beer.
Now that that was established, Wisotsky and Dahanukar went about trying to figure out which compound in the beer was attracting the flies.
"The answer, as it turns out, was quite simple," says Dahanukar. "It's a molecule called glycerol, which is made by yeast during fermentation." Glycerol is the stuff that's used in antifreeze. It actually tastes sweet, but it's not a sugar.
Dahanukar and Wisotsky even found the particular gene responsible for flies' ability to detect glycerol. When they created flies missing that gene, and gave them the sugar water-beer choice, the flies went for the sugar water.
This research appears in the journal Nature Neuroscience.
Dahanukar is interested in understanding more about the genes responsible for taste and smell in flies. But others are already beginning to turn this information into powerful insect repellents. A team of scientists at Vanderbilt University has found a compound that is more powerful than anything on the market today that takes advantage of this molecular understanding of how insects perceive the chemical world.
Prominent Iranian human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh has been released two years into their six year prison sentence, according to their husband. At least ten more political prisoners have also been reportedly set free.
"It's not a temporary release, it's freedom. They put them in a car and dropped them off at the house," Sotoudeh's husband Reza Khandan told Reuters from the couple's home in Tehran.
"We are all so happy from the depths of our hearts. But we are waiting for the last [political] prisoner to leave prison,"
Sotoudeh was arrested in 2010 and later convicted on charges of spreading propaganda and endangering state security. Them sentence was initially for eleven years, but was subsequently shortened to six on appeal.
50-year old Sotoudeh had defended prominent opposition politicians prior to their detention, as well as taking on numerous human rights cases in the Islamic theocracy. They served their term in Tehran's Evin Prison, and was designated a prisoner of conscience by leading international advocacy groups.
Sotoudeh was awarded the prestigious Sakharov Prize for defending human rights last year.
Among other inmates unexpectedly released on Wednesday was former deputy foreign minister Mohsen Aminzade.
The reformist politician was a key figure in the failed Green Revolution following the presidential elections in 2009, and was jailed in a subsequent crackdown on the same charges as Sotoudeh.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, who has replaced Mohamed Ahmadinejad as president after winning the election in June, promised to release political prisoners and to loosen social controls in the Islamic Republic during their election campaign.
Iranian overtures
But the gesture is also likely timed to coincide with Tehran's drive to patch up its relations with the West, and troubled issues surrounding Iran's expanding nuclear program.
In recent days Obama and Rouhani have exchanged letters, and the US leader said that their counterpart had “reached out” to him. Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has ultimate authority in the country's affairs, has also called for “heroic leniency” over the issue of nuclear weapons.
While Iran is unlikely to halt its nuclear program altogether – which it insists is not aimed at producing weapons – it may seek the lifting of international sanctions that have left Iran in isolation, and its economy under pressure.
Earlier this week an official Iranian Twitter feed stated that Rouhani will personally speak to UK foreign secretary William Hague during the upcoming UN assembly in New York.
On Wednesday, Iranian parliamentary Reza Hodjat-Shamami also told Russian media that Rouhani and Obama may have an “accidental” encounter on the sidelines at the UN.
If that were to happen, it would be the first time that a US and Iranian leader have faced each other directly since the Iranian Revolution in 1979.
In contrast, Rouhani's predecessor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad made their international reputation with a series of strident speeches at the UN that were often followed by walk-outs from the US, Israeli and other Western delegations.
ALMATY/LONDON (Reuters) - Bank of New York Mellon (BK.N) has frozen $22.6 billion in assets held by Kazakhstan's National Fund in a rare move that escalates a legal battle between the government and a Moldovan investor.
FILE PHOTO: The Bank of New York Mellon Corp. building at 1 Wall St. is seen in New York's financial district March 11, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Moldova's Anatolie Stati and their companies earlier won damages against the Kazakh government and their pursuit of payment has lead to some 40 percent of the oil revenue-supported fund being frozen.
Details of the asset freeze, which took place in October, were reported by Reuters on Thursday and were subsequently disclosed at a court hearing in Britain.
“It's pretty unprecedented,” said Simon Quijano-Evans, an investment strategist at Legal & General Investment Management in London. “If 40 percent of a sovereign fund is frozen and you don't have access to it, that should be an alarm bell for policymakers.”
Kazakhstan's dollar bonds fell after the news while its tenge KZT= currency strengthened by 0.6 percent.
“Theoretically (the fund) is a national institution so it should cause a rethink for central banks and sovereign wealth funds as it's been assumed so far that these assets were relatively immune,” said Quijano-Evans.
ENERGY INVESTMENTS
At the heart of the case is a years-long legal row between business person Stati, their son Gabriel, two family-controlled companies and the Kazakh government of President Nursultan Nazarbayev.
They invested in Kazakhstan's oil and gas industry and have asserted that they were subjected to significant harassment from the state aimed at forcing them to sell their investments cheaply.
Kazakhstan denies the allegations, but Anatolie and Gabriel Stati and two of their companies – Ascom Group S.A. and Terra Raf Trans Traiding Ltd., won an international arbitration award of around $500 million against the government.
It has refused to pay, however, and in October Kazakhstan filed a civil racketeering lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., against the Statis and their two firms.
The central bank, the National Bank, also filed a lawsuit against BNY Mellon challenging the asset freeze. However, the claim was dismissed by a judge in London on Thursday.
A spokesperson for the Bank of New York Mellon declined to comment. Kazakhstan's justice ministry could not be reached for comment.
The freezing of the assets comes weeks after President Nazarbayev threatened to sack their cabinet if they failed to make large state companies bring back cash held abroad.
Nazarbayev, who wields sweeping powers in the oil-rich nation, poured scorn on private sector executives who, they suggested, were enjoying lavish lifestyles while keeping funds in foreign accounts.
Image copyright PA Image caption Charlie Webster was taken ill after cycling 3,000 miles to Rio
A television sports presenter is in a coma with malaria in a Rio hospital following a 3,000-mile charity cycle ride.
Charlie Webster, 33, who has worked for Sky and ITV, became unwell after watching the Olympic opening ceremony.
Sky said Ms Webster's agent had confirmed that they were on life support with a rare strain of the disease.
Ms Webster, from Sheffield, had appeared to be in good health when they arrived in Brazil on 4 August.
More on this story and others in South Yorkshire
The former Sky Sports News presenter was said to have dehydrated after the gruelling six-week Ride to Rio challenge.
They were admitted to hospital the day after the Olympics opening ceremony after their condition deteriorated.
Having posted many photos and updates on social media throughout the cycle ride, they wrote on Twitter on 9 August: "I'm getting there... awful few days with serious infection #Rio."
Image copyright SKY NEWS
A statement on their Twitter feed two days later said their condition had "since been diagnosed as a severe complication caused by a bacterial infection".
It said: "Charlie has updated you all throughout their cycle and we know their silence was causing concern.
"Charlie is receiving great care and we will update when we can."
Ms Webster's mother, brother and manager are understood to have flown from the UK to be with them
Advice to the medical team caring for them has been provided by the London School of Tropical Medicine.
A Foreign Office spokesperson said: "We are providing support to a British woman who is in hospital in Rio."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ms Webster spoke to the BBC after arriving in Rio before they became ill
Ms Webster made headlines in 2014 when they resigned as a patron of Sheffield United after the club allowed its former player Ched Evans to train after their release from prison, where they had served two-and-a-half years for rape.
Ms Webster told BBC's Newsnight the club had not acknowledged the "extremity of their crime".
A number of their former colleagues have expressed their concern for their health, including Sky Sports presenter Hayley McQueen.
They said on Twitter: "Just reading the worst news, if anyone's going to fight their way back to health it is @CharlieCW. Sending prayers."
Image copyright Jim White
Comments have also been made by fellow Sky presenters Rachel Wyse and Jim White.
The Ride to Rio left the UK on 27 June, with Ms Webster and their colleagues cycling 90 miles a day with only one rest day each week before arriving at the Maracana stadium on 4 August.
It marked the 10th anniversary of a cycle ride undertaken by charity fundraiser Jane Tomlinson before their death.
Mrs Tomlinson was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2000 and died in 2007 after raising almost £2m for charity.
In a statement the appeal said it had been very saddened to hear how unwell Ms Webster was.
"She has constantly been in our thoughts since the Ride to Rio challenge finished and we are so glad to hear that both they and their family have been able to receive the right support," it continued.
"Charlie has been a key member of our team over the past few months and we will continue to send our thoughts and love to Charlie as they hopefully make a speedy recovery."
Image copyright Ride to Rio Image caption The ride finished in time for the Olympic opening ceremony
Charlie Webster
Rybolovlev is aiming to bring former glories back for Monaco's fans
Billionaire Russian business person Dmitry Rybolovlev has bought a majority stake in AS Monaco.
The seven-time French champions are in the second division but Rybolovlev has pledged to invest at least 100m euros (£84m) over the next four years.
"I am a passionate football fan," said the 45-year-old.
"I think this club has enormous potential. I hope it can now realise this potential, both domestically and in Europe."
The Russian, who is ranked 93rd on the Forbes list of billionaires, has acquired 66.67% of Monaco.
They sold their stake in fertiliser producer Uralkali for $6.5bn (£4.1bn) in June 2010, their net worth is estimated at $9.5bn (£6.1bn), and they bought American business person Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion for $100m (£64m) in 2008.
DADDY'S GIRL Rybolovlev's daughter broke New York real estate records by paying $88m (£56m) for a Manhattan apartment. Yekaterina Rybolovleva, 22, paid the asking price for the property on Central Park West
The new owner faces a huge task to revive Monaco's fortunes. The club won the last of their French league titles in 2000 and were Champions League runners-up in 2004, losing to Jose Mourinho's Porto.
An 18th-place finish last season saw the club lose their place in the top flight and Rybolovlev may have to start spending immediately with Monaco now in danger of a second successive relegation. They are bottom of Ligue 2 with 13 points from 18 games.
Rybolovlev, who has been elected president of the board of directors, added: "Having lived long enough in Monaco, I realise the club is not just one of the principality's sports teams but also represents one of the main symbols of the principality, its pride and traditions."
Prince Albert II, Monaco's head of state, welcomed the deal. They said: "The agreement opens a new page in the history of the football team so dear to the principality.
"I hope the club can rediscover its former prestige which made it one of the jewels of Monaco's sporting life."
Rybolovlev is one of the small group of Russians such as Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich who became fabulously wealthy during the post-Soviet privatisation of the economy and are known as oligarchs.
It is the second time this season there has been a high-profile, big-money takeover of a French club after Qatari investors bought Paris St Germain in August.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With all pretence at skill and showmanship abandoned, this shocking footage shows a vile variation on the traditional Spanish bullfight – simply chasing down an animal to exhaustion in 4x4s.
The “encierros” – which means “enclosings” – are taking place in rural communities, far from the purpose-built bullfighting arenas found in many Spanish towns and cities.
The events involve chasing a bull across open fields and country roads, encircled by gangs in cars and on motorbikes, quad bikes and horses.
The vehicles keep after their “quarry” until the creature can no longer stand, taunting it with spears, sticks and even rocks.
Some of the “hunters” can be seen in the footage hitting the bulls from the safety of their cars. Others get out to hurl stones – again, from a safe distance.
A man on horseback is shown repeatedly stabbing a bull with a lance after it collapses. There is visible fury on the rider's face when the animal proves too weak to get up and continue.
(Image: PACMA)
In another shot, a pair of young lovers are seen cuddling and laughing in their car as they watch a tormented animal a few feet beyond the window.
A final scene shows a man standing on a car bonnet, leaning forward, and putting one bull out of its misery with a shot to the head from a humane slaughterhouse device – as if this last act of mercy can make up for the animal's hours of torment .
Such encierros have become a popular pastime on the Spanish “campo” – vast areas of dusty outback. The country's leading animal welfare group PACMA – The Party Against Animal Cruelty – says there are now hundreds of the gatherings.
(Image: PACMA)
They have collated footage from five events in a bid to highlight their campaign to outlaw the cruelty. Incredibly, some of the film had been openly posted online by those involved. PACMA president Silvia Barquero told the Mirror: “There are more than a hundred of these cruel car rallies in Guadalajara province alone.
“Yet those taking part are blatantly breaking the law. Many are drinking, but under Spanish law people are not allowed to take part in an encierro if they are under the effects of alcohol or drugs.
“The Civil Guard are normally present but don't appear to enforce the law.”
(Image: PACMA)
The Daily Mirror was told by the Civil Guard that officers are present to enforce public order and note “infringements of regulations”.
This year, up to September 30, 294 infringements were reported at events in Guadalajara, compared to 204 for the whole of 2015, suggesting a significant increase in the number of these hunts.
“It may appear that we are not doing much but in fact we are noting anything that is wrong,” a Civil Guard spokesperson said.
“These are infringements of the law, not crimes, so we don't intervene.
“But they are reported to the Interior Ministry's local representative who will act accordingly.”
(Image: PACMA)
The events are organised by village mayors, none of whom responded to repeated phone calls and emails.
The footage dates from 2015 and is being publicised now because the campaigners hope to capitalise on the successful campaign against the notorious Toro de la Vega fiesta at Tordesillas, a town 120 miles north-west of Madrid.
That involved a bull being chased by hundreds of people on horseback or foot until, exhausted, it was speared to death, a practice which has now been outlawed. “We need to show people that the Toro de la Vega is not the only sickening bull chase,” Silvia Barquero, president of PACMA, told the Mirror.
They come at a time when traditional corridas, where a matador baits a bull with a red cape, are declining in popularity.
An Ipsos Moris poll from January this year, on behalf of animal welfare group World Animal Protection, found only 19% of adults supported bullfighting compared to 58% against it.
(Image: PACMA)
The footage posted by PACMA provoked widespread condemnation in this country.
“Unbelievable, quite shocking and disgusting,” said Downtown Abbey star and noted animal welfare campaigner Peter Egan.
“Some people have this idea that the crueller you are, the more macho you are.
“There's an element in Spanish culture of the small person against the big animal, showing off about how they can abuse it, and I find it devastating.
“I applaud the Daily Mirror for taking a wonderful position on animal welfare, it's fantastic.”
Kirsty Henderson, Senior Campaigns Co-ordinator at People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals – PETA – described the bulls as “big gentle giants”.
“It's terrible to see this,” they said.
“Culture can never be used as an excuse for this behaviour and treatment of animals.
(Image: PACMA)
“Last year I went to visit the bulls who were going to be released for sport.
“Looking them in the eyes and knowing they are going to be stabbed to death and tortured is very hard, but at the same time I am glad to be there, trying to do something about it.”
PETA have won a number of campaigns urging travel companies such as Thomas Cook to stop promoting bull events in their holiday packages.
(Image: PACMA)
(Image: PACMA)
Jordi Casamitjana, Head of Policy and Research for the League Against Cruel Sports, said: “Whether it is a stag being chased to exhaustion in the Somerset hills, or a bull in the fields of central Spain, we are basically seeing the same thing here - hundreds of people being unnecessarily violent to an animal for their entertainment.
“Submitting a bull to this horrible ordeal is not only extremely cruel and unacceptable, but it also breaches local regulations.
“We hope that those responsible are brought to justice and the local authorities authorising this sort of events realises that they are at odds with modern values.”
investigate@mirror.co.uk
News of Osama Bin Laden's demise at American hands sent crowds pouring onto the grounds outside the White House, where hundreds instinctively flocked to the site of the president's address for a raucous celebration.
The crowd was overwhelmingly young, many of them students from DC's nearby universities who were in grade school on 9/11, creating a frat-like atmosphere as participants chanted “USA!” “Yes We Did!” and sang the national anthem. Many carried American flags or dressed in red, white and blue. The air was pungent with tobacco smoke in places as revelers giddily lit up victory cigars. Some took turns climbing lampposts, drawing huge cheers with each successful attempt.
[See TPM's Slideshow of the Celebration in DC and New York City]
“Well, Osama would hate that,” one onlooker cracked as a young woman flashed them breasts.
For many, the news of Bin Laden's death was simply too intense to enjoy alone.
“I didn't think we'd ever find him,” one misty-eyed defense contractor told TPM as they carried a giant flag. “I saw the news flash and just wanted to join Americans in celebration.”
“Better late than never, right?” Mike Martinez, an Iraq veteran who came with another member of their unit, Josh Carnes.
“We got him,” Carnes said. “This is awesome!”Salmaa Elshanshory, 23, a Muslim-American from Dallas, wore a grin that refused to quit as they navigated the crowd.
“I just grabbed a bus and came as soon as I found out,” they said.”The symbol of hate has been killed and that's amazing. I'm scared of retaliations, but I think this is a beautiful day, it's a uniting day…I'm here celebrating that the symbol who hijacked our religion is dead.”
Aubri O'Connor, 28, arrived in their red Washington Capitals jersey, one of dozens who came from the playoff hockey game at the Verizon Center — a loss — to the White House.
“We were all drowning our sorrows about the game,” they told TPM. “Then the news hit and really put things in perspective.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Grand Theft Auto V comes out today for next generation consoles, and as you can see from the trailer above, it looks absolutely stunning.
The new update includes a first-person mode, and will run in a 1080p at 30 frames per second.
It has certainly come a long way from the pixelly universe of the first edition.
Yet all the games over the years have one thing in common, which is that they contain TERRIBLE life lessons. Nobody should use GTA as a lifestyle guide. No-one.
So here are some of the terrible life lessons we learnt from GTA...
1. Mass murder is BARELY illegal
You can be arrested for murder 5 times in one day and still only get a $300 fine every time. In the real world you can be fined more for littering.
2. Getting shot multiple times isn't that bad
Probably won't even hurt.
3. In fact, gun shot wounds can easily be cured with fast food
Do not try that at home. Fried chicken may be able to cure a hangover but it categorically cannot cure massive blood loss/hemorrhaging.
4. Parking is incredibly easy
Ta-dah!
5. This sort of thing happens all the time in most cities
And most members of the public aren't fazed.
6. Gang members are all the same person
This would theoretically make it a lot easier for the police to catch criminals.
7. The police will eventually get bored of chasing you
Man hunts for mass murderers tend to blow over in a few minutes in GTA. That or they'll try to run you over.
8. Speaking of police, all police are RIDICULOUSLY STUPID
Someone didn't pass the “turn in the road” section of their driving test.
No but seriously you guys
(To be fair the cops on GTA 5 are insanely efficient)
9. Cars don't need petrol
You can drag race for hours on end with no need to refuel at all!
10. Horses can ride motorbikes
Pretty much the best mod ever, but this is a terrible life lesson. Horses should not be allowed to handle a vehicle, no matter how convincing they are.
11. There is no such thing as logic
This sort of thing happens all the time.
12. Cars are cheap and quick to repair
A car that's almost a total write-off can be repaired simply by getting a paint job. Alright you can't fix the exploded ones
13. Performing insane stunts on a bicycle is both easy and safe
Try doing that on your ride to work.
14. But basic tasks are IMPOSSIBLE
While you might be able to safely do a loop-de-loop on a BMX, climbing over a 4ft fence is actually really hard.
15. And finally, there are rarely consequences
There are in real life likely to be consequences to jumping from a plane on a jet ski. But you never know.
Bonus vine: playing GTA like it's a driving test
Psychology has a lot to offer the climate change debate. To date, the emphasis from psychologists has largely focused on behaviour-change strategies. This makes sense: if you are interested in changing people's personal behaviour, a psychologist is probably the person you need to speak to. But my concern over the last few years is just how effective this is. It is effective up to a point, but is it really going to bring in the returns that we need to address the very serious problems of climate change?
My line is that we can try to change behaviour, but it might be more effective to change the conditions that encourage our behaviours. There is a debate being had within psychology that we should aim for environmentally significant behaviour as opposed to environmentally convenient behaviour. Not focusing on turning lights off etc, but instead concentrating on things such as buying energy-efficient appliances.
But I would take this further: psychologists now need to work with other disciplines, such as engineering, sociology etc. We need to have a much better understanding of the conditions which lead to unsustainable behaviour. It's not good the government saying to us that for journeys less than a mile you should walk or use public transport because when you are trying to juggle demands, such as your job and children within limited time, you are probably going to take your car. We need to change the conditions rather than attack individual behaviours.
There's been a lot of finger-wagging and people resent that. They also notice the contradictions. One of the things that came out of a Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs survey in 2007 was that we would do more if the government did more. We see double standards. People also need feedback on how they're doing. People need to know explicitly what the benefits are of what they are being asked to do. People are not interested in concepts such as "saving the planet" or "doing it for their grandchildren". People want impacts that are concrete, immediate and personal to them. They need to see how it's benefiting them. If they are being asked to make - what they see in their terms, at least - as a sacrifice, they need to see what the benefit is to them.
By Dave Gahary
The next time you express concern to a family member, friend, colleague or acquaintance about chemtrails and you're scoffed at as a “conspiracy theorist,” politely remind them of Operation LAC, Large Area Coverage, a late 1950s United States Army project “which dispersed microscopic zinc cadmium sulfide (ZnCdS) particles over much of the United States, to determine the dispersion and geographic range of biological or chemical agents.” At the time of the spraying, cadmium was a known toxin.
Then, if that isn't enough to pique their interest, you can educate them on another covert U.S. Army project, revealed to Americans last month, referred to as the Manhattan-Rochester Coalition (MRC) by the sole researcher who uncovered it. The operation was a spin-off of the Manhattan Project, the U.S., U.K. and Canadian research and development program begun in 1939 to create an atomic bomb.
MRC was “an obscure aerosol study in St. Louis, Missouri, conducted under contract by the U.S. military from 1953-1954, and 1963-1965,” which “targeted a segregated, high-density urban area, where low-income persons of color predominantly resided,” 70% children under the age of 12. Again, ZnCdS was used, but this time it was potentially laced with radium, whose use was discontinued after workers, mostly women, who were later referred to as “Radium Girls,” began dying from exposure from hand painting watch dials. Radium in all of its forms is highly radioactive and because of this instability is luminescent.
Implicated in the study is the now-defunct United States Radium Corporation, a New Jersey company that developed glow-in-the-dark radioactive paint. Workers would ingest radium by licking their brushes to paint the fine details on faces of watches and clocks and were told the paint was harmless. After a slew of cancers and lawsuits, however, U.S. Radium was no more, although nearly a century later, its legacy remains as the contamination from the radium-processing plant still affects those living near the site.
These latest revelations of the U.S. government using unwitting citizens as guinea pigs in Cold War chemical experiments was brought to light by Dr. Lisa Martino-Taylor, a professor of sociology at St. Louis Community College and married mother-of-two. They began their research several years ago when two colleagues who grew up in the area wondered if the experiment was the cause of their cancers, and they selected this topic for their doctoral thesis at the University of Missouri.
St. Louis residents, racked with a variety of cancers, suspected something because a 1993 congressional study confirmed radiological testing in Tennessee and lands west during the Cold War, and Congress was tipped off to the St. Louis experiment by declassified documents and demanded a health study. Perhaps predictably, three years later a committee determined “that the testing did not expose residents to harmful levels of the chemical. But the committee said research was sparse and the finding relied on limited data from animal testing.”
Dr. Martino-Taylor's 838-page dissertation, who spent years tracking down files, is comprised mostly of declassified Army documents, obtained through Freedom of Information Act requests, and is available online, placed there perhaps as a personal security measure. Them revelations are unique in that they contend that a radioactive substance was added to the ZnCdS. The Army admits that it added a fluorescent substance but whether or not it was radioactive remains classified.
The documents reveal in part that the Army placed chemical sprayers on school and public housing project rooftops, in parks and on station wagon roofs, spraying as they drove. One St. Louis resident remembered playing baseball in the summer “when a squadron of green Army planes flew close to the ground and dropped a powdery substance. They went inside, washed it off their face and arms, then went back out to play.” City residents were falsely told that the Army was testing smoke screens to shield cities from a Russian nuclear attack.
Missouri Senators Roy Blunt (R) and Claire McCaskill (D) have asked Army Secretary John McHugh for more information in a letter demanding answers. As this goes to print, neither senator has received a response.
The AFTERWORD in APPENDIX A on page 229 of the study deserves special mention and is duplicated in its entirety below:
This piece is an extension of my Master's thesis, which focused on the chemical weapon Agent Orange, and what I believe was the improper and reckless disposal of that agent all over eastern Missouri. Initially, I believed that the spraying of zinc-cadmium-sulfide in St. Louis to be an issue of a hazardous toxin being sprayed without consent. I had no inkling whatsoever that the St. Louis aerosol study might be related to a vast project undertaken by a clandestine group of Manhattan Project scientists developing the most sinister weapons of war in the form of radionuclide materials such as radioactive dust, beads, pellets, and smoke.
There came a brief period of time when I felt overwhelmed by some of the revelations related to the human-subject tests, and was not sure if I had the fortitude to continue this project. I felt physically ill as I read about how radioactive oatmeal was fed to institutionalized children (and moreover, sponsored by Quaker Oats); stolen cadavers including infants; radioactive injections into ill and/or pregnant patients without their consent or knowledge, etc. The blatant and cavalier targeting of vulnerable populations by some of the nation's top scientists and physicians, backed by the U.S. military, was a chilling and gross violation of human rights.
Ultimately revealed, was a complex network in a vast military-industrial-scientific machine of war, encircled with deception and manipulations to maintain secrecy and allow continuance of their quest for an unrivaled global empire. This required dehumanization of certain groups, lying by omission, layering of secrets, internal and external controls of information, threat, engaging particular qualities in individuals that aligned with the group's goals, and the quashing of dissent, inside and out. Secrecy, rhetoric, and other machinations were purposely used to undermine 230 responsive actions inside the organization, and outside in the larger arena of public discourse.
This is absolutely connected to power, and there was no existing theory that I could find to explain the types and levels of manipulation used internally and externally by the elites involved in the coalition, to avoid internal dissent and public opposition. The large support staff who completed the daily tasks at the behest of the Manhattan-Rochester Coalition elites, who themselves appear to have engaged in outright criminal actions, may not even have been aware of the larger project in which they participated. The “thousand people below” those elite decision-makers were likely ordinary, patriotic, and moral in other spheres of their lives. Indeed, we would consider most of them to be good citizens and members of the community, and fine family members. When the thousand people below contributed to the Manhattan-Rochester Coalitions wide-scale projects, such as SUNSHINE, many of them likely did not have an ethical sense, in that it had been purposely disengaged through the elites use of mechanisms (described herein) to create ethical autism. In this way, educated, moral, and ethical individuals below the top decision makers (who bear much of the legacy and responsibility here), were induced to contribute to unethical, harmful, and/or criminal actions in which they might never ordinarily play a part, given full knowledge of the project. As well, the general public and the targeted vulnerable populations were also disengaged from critical analysis through social autism, which was also induced through the use of the mechanisms described in this study.
Share
We've all been annoyed by a slurping their soup or ramen before, but chances are you've never thought someone would create a product that serves as a solution for this vile sound. Well, we're happy to announce that a Japanese instant-noodle titan Nissin has stepped up and created a noise-canceling fork designed to drown out the sounds from slurping ramen and other noodles.
The Otohiko, as it's called, is a ramen utensil that's designed to create a bridge between the “cultural friction” that exists among cultures that allow slurping and cultures that don't.
To illustrate this friction, Nissin rolled out a video that features three Japanese people sitting across from a group of Westerners at a table. One of the Japanese men — a business person wearing a suit — offers a cup of ramen to the Westerners.
The Westerners start eating the ramen quietly, enjoying their treat. The Japanese then start eating their own ramen, making slurping noises while consuming them. The Westerners find the sound off-putting — which kicks off a series of events that ultimately lead to the creation of the Otohiko fork.
Nissin says it collected vast amounts of data by recording slurping noises while people ate ramen noodles. The company then mined the data from the recordings to identify the key elements of the slurping sound.
Then came Otohiko: a fork that looks vaguely like an electric toothbrush, and is equipped with a highly directional microphone that recognizes the slurping noise. A signal is sent to the device, which immediately emits a loud, electronic noise that sounds like waves washing ashore combined with futuristic space sounds.
Nissin has started a crowdfunding campaign for the Otohiko fork in which the company will start manufacturing the product if more than 5,000 people pre-order the noise-cancelling ramen fork. It will retail for 14,800 JPY (US$130) per fork.
Although many of us in the Western world do not understand the slurping of ramen noodles, the Japanese argue that slurping is the right way to consume them as you can draw out more of the flavors in the noodles. In fact, slurping is encouraged in Japanese restaurants as it is considered the polite way of consuming noodles. Burping, however, is discouraged.
Codeine-related deaths more than doubled in nine years; most accidental overdose, researchers say
Updated
There has been a significant jump in the number of codeine-related deaths in Australia, new research has revealed.
Key points: Interim TGA report recommends making medication with codeine available only to patients with a prescription
The risk of abuse, misuse or severe reaction are among the reasons the TGA gives
Pharmacy guild says those kinds of medicines come in handy for patients
A study, published in the Medical Journal of Australia, found fatalities involving the pain medicine more than doubled between 2000 and 2009.
The deaths increased from 53 in 2000 to more than 155 in 2009.
Australian Medical Association vice president Dr Stephen Parnis said many of the deaths were caused when patients were on several strong pain medications.
"We have people on multiple medications because it actually does improve a number of chronic problems and averts things getting worse and keeps them alive and well," they said.
"But the problem is the more drugs you are on, the more interactions you have. That is a challenge for doctors, let alone patients who have less of an understanding of medications."
Report author Amanda Roxburgh, from the National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre at the University of New South Wales, said the biggest increase was in the number of accidental overdoses.
"Of the 1,437 deaths in the study, just under half were attributed to accidental overdose," Ms Roxburgh said.
Many of the patients who died were taking other drugs including alcohol, and other strong pain killers that act on the central nervous system.
"Those who accidentally overdosed were more likely to have a history of substance use problems, chronic pain and injecting drug use," Ms Roxburgh said.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
People who use codeine-based pain medications for long periods can develop dependence on the drug.
It can also lead to gastrointestinal disease and liver toxicity.
Dr Parnis said mitigating those risks involved improving both doctor and patient education.
"We need better education within the community," they said.
"We need better opportunities, I think, for doctors to understand the harms of polypharmacy and we need a greater deal of controls and resourcing into managing the harms of not just codeine but other narcotics."
Move to restrict access to codeine
The Federal Government's medicines regulator — the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) — has been considering whether to reclassify drugs such as Nurofen Plus or Panadeine Extra because of the risk of harm, addiction or overdose.
The interim report from its Advisory Committee on Medicines Scheduling recommends making codeine-based products prescription-only from June next year.
Dr Parnis said that would be a step in the right direction, but it must be accompanied by other measures.
"There needs to be real time prescription monitoring of codeine use and there also needs to be improved services in the community for the management of chronic pain," they said.
But the Consumers Health Forum said it believed restricting access to codeine-based pain killers would work against some patients.
Acting chief executive Jo Root said it could disadvantage patients with chronic pain who could not get an appointment to see a doctor.
"We believe the majority of users, particularly those using it for ongoing or chronic pain, are using it reasonably, and they would be unnecessarily penalised by this move," they said.
The final decision on access to codeine will be made in late November.
Topics: pain, drug-use, doctors-and-medical-professionals, health, health-policy, australia
First posted
Title: The Candidate
Year: 1972
Director: Michael Ritchie
Cast: Robert Redford, Peter Boyle, Melvyn Douglas, Karen Carlson, Allen Garfield
Synopsis: It's election time and the Democratic party doesn't have a viable contender to run against California Senator Crocker Jarmon. Campaign Specialist Marvin Lucas (Boyle) seeks out Bill McKay (Redford), an outspoken and idealistic son of former Governor John McKay. The upside to running against Jarmon is that McKay is permitted to speak their mind and dare to do what few politicians ever have – be honest! What initially seemed like a burdensome task, McKay's campaign gains momentum and the seemingly unwinnable election takes an unexpected turn, and McKay finds themselves compromised.
Critique: Amid the many politically charged movies from the New Hollywood movement, Michael Ritchie's The Candidate seems to live in the shadow of films like Network, or Medium Cool. Most likely due to the less exclamatory tone of the movie which, in some ways makes this title stand out from the other films of this period. Instead of clobbering the viewer with the admirable (if on the nose) defiance that permeated the cultural zeitgeist of the time, Ritchie takes a more deliberate approach in articulating the film's political angst. If Paddy Chayefsky's catalyst for change in Network was Howard Beale howling “I'm as mad as Hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!” then Bill McKay in The Candidate is saying, “I'm pretty mad, I'll tell you why, but I'm going to get pushed into becoming another bullshitter.” Which is exactly what happens to the once optimistic McKay as they glad-hands their way into being another cog in a system they wanted nothing to do with.
Although The Candidate precedes Network by five years, you can't ignore the powerful screenwriters that energize these films. Chayefsky's characters in Network might spit fire in every scene, but Jeremy Larner's naturalistic eye and ear for politics and dialogue might outflank Chayevsky by unraveling media transparency so well by shouting and not screaming.
Larner's Oscar-winning script doesn't come as a surprise considering their chops in politics and screenwriting. Larner was a well-versed speechwriter for Senator McCarthy during the 1968 primaries against the seemingly immovable incumbent President Johnson. Sound familiar? Politics can be engrossing or alienating, but the marriage of Ritchie's prudent direction and Redford's assured but vulnerable performance ensure the films fluidity – Redford's reputation and appearance simultaneously reinforce and mock our perception of the “all American” clean faced politician. Peter Boyle's comparatively subtle role as McKay's campaign manager shows their range as an actor, just as Gene Hackman had done so three years prior in Downhill Racer. But it's Larner's script that brings everything together. Realism benefits the narrative structure and vice versa. Mckay's tv panels, interviews and rallies capture a quality of realism thanks to the experienced hands of its screenwriter.
A relatively overlooked director from the New Hollywood, Ritchie consistently explored not just the nature of competition, but the all too human flaws behind the venerable reputations frequently built around athletes as well as politicians. The notion of competition and athleticism would be recurring themes in Ritchie's work, the ascension from Downhill Racer to The Candidate ironically invert the stakes of politics to comedic, whereas Downhill Racer treated Olympic skiing with stark urgency. But the shared understanding is that contemporary media (then and now) portray politics as a game, an annoying truth for the audience and the protagonist alike.
In some ways, Ritchie's relative autonomy and controlled direction lend The Candidate its timelessness and relevance. It's a cliche to say that a movie is “just as relevant now as it was when it was made” but that is the case for The Candidate. Personal cynicism aside, politics matter and this is an outstanding movie; it tells rounded a story, delivers an important message maintains a sense of humor without being self-serious or preachy.
Why it Belongs in the Collection: Criterion's release of Ritchie's Downhill Racer was a wonderful surprise; the restoration highlights a film that had the reputation (to a handful of people) as “the movie Roman Polanski almost directed.” Having said that, Ritchie is an excellent director whose unabrasive intelligence yielded to one of the best political satires to come from the early seventies. In concert with the auteur theory, The Candidate would be an all too appropriate successor to Ritchie's debut feature Downhill Racer in terms of a Criterion release. But, more importantly this is a great film that is yet to receive a Blu-ray release, and, to my knowledge, the rights from Warner Brothers are attainable. As a side note, Tony Stella, an artist whose self-commissioned Criterion (as well as other movie) posters are pretty fascinating put up their poster design for The Candidate on their Tumblr page. Wishful thinking, or a preamble for a future release?
By J. Michael Cole / Staff reporter
In a reversal of a decision made earlier this year, Moscow has agreed to sell 24 Sukhoi Su-35BM fighter aircraft to China for an estimated US$1.5 billion, a sale that will further shift the balance of power in the air over the Taiwan Strait.
Russia's Rosoboronexport and the Chinese Ministry of National Defense are said to have reached a preliminary agreement, with details discussed during a meeting in Beijing on Wednesday between Russian Minister of Defense Sergey Shoygu and Chinese President Hu Jintao (胡錦濤).
Hu was accompanied by General Xu Qiliang (許其亮), who was appointed one of the two vice chairpeople of the Central Military Commission during the 17th session of the seventh plenary conference earlier this month.
The 24 aircraft come equipped with the 117S engine designed by Russian firm NPO Saturn, the Russian business daily Vedomosti reported.
The contract is expected to be signed next year or in 2014, with delivery of the jets starting in 2015.
Beijing has yet to confirm the deal.
Russian media reported earlier this year that Moscow had decided against selling China the 48 so-called “fourth-plus-plus generation” Su-35s, valued at more than US$4 billion, after Beijing requested them last year. Analysts concluded at the time that Russia's principal reason for not selling the advanced multirole aircraft was the risk of Chinese reverse engineering. Beijing had initially only requested four.
Relations were already strained after China canceled an order for 95 Su-27s last year after it launched the production of the J-11, which Russia alleged was a replica of the Su-27.
The spat led to Moscow's decision not to sell carrier-based Su-33 aircraft to the Chinese navy, which then designed its own version, the J-15, based on a single Su-33 it obtained from Ukraine.
The Russian air force is expected to take delivery of its first Su-35s in 2015.
China's rapid modernization of its air force also includes the development of two types of fifth-generation “stealth” aircraft, the J-20 and J-31. It occurs at a time when Taiwan's air force readies to retire its aging F-5 and Mirage-2000 aircraft.
According to a recent report by the US Congressional Research Service, the number of combat aircraft in Taiwan's air force will drop by 70 percent in 2020 if no new aircraft are acquired, and by 50 percent if Taiwan procures the 66 F-16C/Ds it has unsuccessfully been requesting from the US since 2006.
The new concept is formally named “Stone Arch. food.CRAFT.beer” and will open in early to mid-summer with 25 taps, a 44-seat bar, and a 112-seat dining room. Minnesota Craft Brewer's Guild is responsible for selecting the beers and chef Bill Fairbanks of Barrio is developing the menu. Diners can expect made-from-scratch cooking with local and sustainable ingredients, and a to-go shop for sandwiches and takeout options. Drinkers can expect a delicious, local way to make the gate agent's caw disappear into a buzzy, golden haze.
The lineup will regularly feature 20 beers. Another five beers will be offered in the “Craft Lab” where brew masters and beer experts will educate interested travelers, in coordination with the Guild.
Aero Service Group, which will operate the Stone Arch bar and restaurant, also operates airport beer station DuClaw Brewing Company in the Baltimore/Washington Airport.
The new bar/restaurant is part of MSP's larger remodel, which will include a music venue restaurant from the owners of craft beer pub Republic, as well as a Smack Shack outpost and a doughnut shop by Angel Food Bakery.
Japanese protests denounce new military legislation
By Ben McGrath
20 June 2015
Protests were held Sunday at different locations in the Japanese capital of Tokyo to denounce the government's new military legislation, currently being debated in the legislature. If passed, the bills would greatly expand the role and reach of the Japanese Self-Defense Forces (SDF). They were submitted to parliament in May after receiving the backing of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and its coalition partner Komeito.
Around 25,000 protesters surrounded the Japanese Diet, or parliament, to voice their opposition to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's remilitarization agenda. Demonstrators carried signs reading, “Don't Destroy Article 9.” This article of the Japanese constitution is known as the pacifist clause, renouncing war.
Young people conducted separate protests. In Tokyo's Shibuya district, youth and students denounced the legislation and war. Haruka Suzuki, a high school student, told the media: “We (students) have no right to vote in elections, but we are strongly against war.”
Others also drew attention to the fact that constitutional scholars, including one hand-picked by the ruling party, recently declared the military legislation unconstitutional. Nobuyoshi Hatae, a university student, said: “People in younger generations are feeling a sense of crisis now that constitutional scholars said no to the bills.”
Another protest was held Monday, in which 300 people gathered near the Diet, carrying similar banners as those on Sunday.
On June 4, the three law scholars selected by different parties each testified at the Diet that Abe's legislation was unconstitutional. “Paragraph 2 of Article 9 does not grant any legal standing for military activities abroad,” Setsu Kobayashi, a professor emeritus of constitutional law at Keio University, said. “Going to war abroad to help a friendly nation is a violation of Article 9.”
Kobayashi, chosen by the main opposition Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ), is a longtime supporter of amending the constitution in favor of remilitarization, but opposes Abe's support for the US, backing a more independent stance from Washington. Much in the same way as the DPJ does, they propose more of a fig leaf of constitutionality to legitimize their views, which are unpopular with the Japanese public as a whole.
The two other scholars, Yasuo Hasebe and Eiji Sasada, both constitutional law professors at Waseda University, were chosen by the ruling LDP and the Japan Innovation Party, another right-wing party, respectively. Hasebe testified in support of the legality of the anti-democratic state secrecy law in 2013, which went into effect last December, another component of Japan's remilitarization.
The government, however, simply brushed aside their current legal concerns. “Pointing out that the legislation is unconstitutional is off the mark,” Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said.
Almost two-thirds of the population opposes the military legislation, while 80 percent believe the government has not explained the bills satisfactorily. Abe's approval rating has fallen to 41.1 percent, the lowest since they became prime minister in 2012.
However, many of the protests are organized by groups with ties to the various opposition parties in Japan. The DPJ, the Japanese Communist Party (JCP) and the Social Democratic Party have all ostensibly come out against the military bills.
In reality, these parties, in one way or another, have backed Japan's remilitarization. “Politicians must not enact laws beyond the limits of the constitution,” the DPJ's acting head Akira Nagatsuma said. The DPJ also spoke out in a similar manner against the state secrecy law. After its passage, however, the opposition party merely called for additional oversight, thereby legitimizing the anti-democratic law.
The JCP's chairperson Kazuo Shii said on Sunday: “We want to abolish the war legislation that is the worst in our postwar history.” Despite this rhetoric, the JCP has wholeheartedly supported Japanese claims to the Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea, which are at the heart of the current tensions between Tokyo and Beijing. This issue has been whipped up by Japan and the US to paint China as an aggressor, in part to justify the military legislation and the US-Japanese build-up against Beijing.
Contrary to the government's claims, the bills are not defensive in nature, nor would they “ensure peace.” The legislation would allow the Japanese SDF, the de facto military, to take part in wars of aggression, by codifying the cabinet's reinterpretation of the constitution last summer to allow “collective self-defense.” So long as military measures are taken in step with an ally, namely the United States, Japan is legally able to go to war, according to Tokyo.
One of Abe's bills would revise 10 existing laws, while a second bill corresponds to new “Defense Guidelines” between the US and Japan. The revised guidelines were drawn up last October, and Abe approved them during their visit to the US in April. The guidelines were initially implemented in 1978, aimed at the Soviet Union. They were revised once in 1997 and are now being further adapted to take aim at China as Washington aggressively confronts Beijing throughout the region in its “pivot to Asia.”
The new legislation would allow the government to dispatch the SDF anywhere in the world without a special law from the Diet, which is currently needed. Only Diet approval, a concession to the LDP's coalition partner Komeito, would be required at the start of a new mission. The revisions would enable Japan to provide logistical support to the US military, as well as engage in other joint operations.
With the current Diet session set to conclude on June 24, the Abe government, the LDP, and Komeito are preparing to extend it until September in order to pass the military bills this summer.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Of the many terms attached to our burgers and steaks, "sustainable" and "grass-fed" often sit next to each other. But a new study finds that raising livestock on grassy pastures is far from sustainable and doesn't have the climate benefits proponents have claimed.
"Can we eat our way out of the climate problem by eating more grass-fed beef?" Tara Garnett, of the Food Climate Research Network at Oxford University in the UK, and their colleagues asked. The answer, they found, is no.
Eating grass-fed beef doesn't get climate-conscious carnivores off the hook.
Cattle and other ruminants have long been considered a major source of greenhouse gases, largely because of the methane they emit through belching and the carbon dioxide released when forests are cleared for grazing or growing feed.
But in recent years, researchers have found that cattle raised on pastures, munching on grasses and treading the ground underneath them, have the potential to sequester carbon in the soil. Some have made the argument that certain kinds of managed grazing practices not only provide the key to feeding calorie-dense beef and dairy products to a growing global population—predicted to hit 9.8 billion by 2050—but are critical to controlling greenhouse gas emissions because of their ability to store carbon in the soil and potentially offset their emissions
Not everyone is convinced.
"This is an area of contestation," Garnett said. "We wanted to look at the evidence."
The Argument for Grass-Fed Beef
With the world's population climbing and as more countries, notably China, develop the wealth and appetite for animal products, food and agricultural researchers have puzzled over how to feed everyone.
Some proponents of grass-fed beef have argued that managed grazing on pasture provides not just more protein for a meat-hungry planet, but an essential climate benefit.
Here's how that argument goes:
Plants grow, they take carbon out of the atmosphere, then they die. Their roots and aboveground biomass contain carbon. If that carbon is left undisturbed, then the carbon stays in the ground in a stable form. If animals nibble away at plants, that stimulates growth, causing plants to put down deep roots that contain carbon. At the same time, animals eat the plants and excrete manure, which contains carbon and nitrogen—a process that returns carbon and nitrogen to the soil and fosters more plant growth, sequestering more carbon.
So, the argument goes, it's better to eat grass-fed, carbon-sequestering ruminants than "monogastric" creatures like pigs and chickens whose diets will require more grain and more carbon-storing forests cleared to grow those grains as demand for meat grows.
Problems with the Grass-Fed Beef Equation
"But," Garnett said, "there are a lot of buts."
Conditions—weather, rainfall, soil consistency, soil nutrients, plant species, stocking rates (the number of cattle per acre)—all need to be just right. They seldom are, the study says, which means that research emphasizing the possible climate benefits of pasture-fed ruminants has likely been overstated.
Garnett and their colleagues found that the carbon-sequestering potential of pasture-raised ruminants is quite limited.
Ruminants, they point out in a report published Monday, contribute 80 percent of total livestock emissions. But, they find, even under "very generous assumptions," grazing management could only offset up to 60 percent of average annual emission from the grass-fed sector, and only up to 1.6 percent of total human-caused greenhouse gas emissions.
To meet the growing demand for protein from grass-fed animals, the report said, "we would have to massively expand grazing land into forest and intensify existing grassland through the use of nutrient inputs, which among other things, would cause devastating CO2 releases and increases in methane and nitrous oxide emissions," both potent climate-warming gases.
The report finds that if projections for animal product consumption stay unchanged, livestock would take up one-third of the total emissions budget under the Paris climate agreement's 2-degree warming limit.
"Increasing grass-fed ruminant numbers is, therefore, a self-defeating climate strategy," the report concluded. The report, called Grazed and Confused, didn't determine whether grass-fed beef is better or worse than feed-lot beef; instead it looked at the ability of grass-fed production systems to sequester carbon and what that would mean for the future.
No Silver Bullet for Beef-Based Diets
The report's authors say the planet's consumers need to cut their intake of all animal products, no matter how they were produced.
"We can't escape the fact that if we're going to have a hope in hell of cutting our climate emissions, then we need to stop our consumption of animal products," Garnett said. "The high consumers of meat and dairy need to be cutting back their consumption. And that holds, whatever the animal type and whatever the system in which it's been produced."
Jonathan Kaplan, the food and agriculture program director at the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), which has looked at the issue extensively but was not involved in the Grazed and Confused report, said there's research demonstrating that pasture-raised livestock sequester carbon, "but the case for arguing that it's a silver bullet to take care of beef's impact is not there."
NRDC has concluded that, pound-for-pound, beef releases about 34 times more greenhouse gases than legumes, including lentils and black beans. The group also recently found that a decline in U.S. beef consumption contributed to a 9 percent decline in greenhouse gas emissions.
"Our take is that grass-fed is better than conventional," Kaplan added, noting other benefits unrelated to greenhouse gas emissions, including better animal welfare and less water pollution. "But plants are better than either."
Permission
(Reusing this file)
screenshot either does not contain copyrighted software, or the author has released it under a free license (which should be indicated beneath this notice), and as such follows the Thiseither does not contain copyright-eligible parts or visuals ofsoftware, or the author has released it under a(which should be indicated beneath this notice), and as such follows the licensing guidelines for screenshots of Wikimedia Commons. You may use it freely according to its particular license. Free software license: Copyright © enter software author here Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name of enter software author here nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. This software is provided by enter software author here "as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall enter software author here be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.phpBSDBSD licensetruetrue Note: if the screenshot shows any work that is not a direct result of the program code itself, such as a text or graphics that are not part of the program, the must be indicated separately. if the screenshot shows any work that is not a direct result of the program code itself, such as a text or graphics that are not part of the program, the license for that workbe indicated separately.
What kind of video equipment do you use to film your gear and make gifs/vids of it? And what post-production, if any, do you do to it afterwards? Thanks!
Hey, thank you for your question! For most of my filmed work in recent years, I worked with the Blackmagic Production Camera 4K EF. The lens, I most often use on it is an old Carl Zeiss Planar 1,4/50mm. There are some downsides to this camera: the internal battery is abysmally bad (basically useless) and the sensor is pretty noisy and only goes up to ISO800. It also can't shoot anything above 30fps. There are two HUGE benefits to this camera though, when it comes to filming CRT screens: the sensor is configured to scan as global shutter, which means it scans all the pixels of the image at the same time, compared to scanning line-by-line (rolling shutter) as most CMOS cameras these days do (even some extremely expensive cinema cameras). The other benefit is, that the camera can scan at a 360° degree shutter mode, which means the sensor is scanning for very close to 1/25th of a second when filming 25fps (for 50Hz, 75Hz, 100 Hz screens), or 1/30rd when filming 30fps. The BMPC4k will also experience a huge price drop, now as the new Pocket4K hit the market, which is cheap, smaller, has better low-light capabilities, exchangeable batteries etc. (but no global shutter).
Another alternative would be to get one of the last few CCD cameras which could film HD (actually usually HDV2 1080i which is 1440*1080 with PAR stretched to 1920*1080 for playback) like the Sony HVR-Z1U, as all CCD video cameras like these usually had global shutter.
In my experience it is very hard to film a CRT screen at this level of quality with a rolling-shutter camera (most DSLRs, phones etc) even if properly synced. There are some tricks though. What I often did was film at 12,5 fps with a third party firmware like magic lantern, and played back the signal on the screen with half the frame rate and later played it back at double the speed. This way the rolling shutter is open for multiple cycles of the CRT beam which helps even things out. This GIF was filmed that way back in the day (AUG 2015), using a EOS 550D with Magic Lantern:
For post-production I go though the usual steps as most video productions. Happily the BMPC4k records in different quality levels of ProRes (RAW is overkill for my editing setup), so you can directly start working in an intermediate format. I usually film in ProRes422 or ProRes422(HQ). Sometimes I film in 4K, even when delivering in HD so I can denoise at the sensor's native resolution and then interpolate down to 1080p. For denoising I use NEAT (at a temporal filter radius of 2 to 5), which in most cases gives me much better results than anything else I tested. For color I mostly work with AE CS6′ internal stuff, and very rarely go through the rather time consuming DaVinci Resolve workflow. I also sometimes make use of Filmconvert Pro to stylize my color in a film stock way, after basic color grading. I rarely use grain though, as bit rates of most online platforms still simply can't handle the detail properly and you end up with additional compression artifacts instead of grain.
When working with my phone, I use apps like Filmic Pro, Pro HDR X, Camera+ etc. There are also some other cameras I use from time to time. I try to build up a wide variety of different cameras for different applications and aesthetics. Sadly missing in this image, is my favorite snapshot camera, a glitchy noname USB stick camera my father bought maybe 10 years ago in Shanghai. Images of that camera can be found here: fornaxvoid.com/voidnet/usbcam/
Photo: Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
Vulture was on the set of Mindy Kaling's new Fox comedy The Mindy Project Tuesday, just as news broke that the upcoming ninth season of The Office would be the show's last. It brought up mixed feelings for Kaling, who began writing for the NBC comedy in 2005 when they were just 24 years old, and left only a few months ago to work on their own show. “Now that this is the last year, of course there is a part of me that thinks, ‘Wow, I was there from the very beginning, it would be great to see it to the very end,'” they told us. “But right now I'm just excited for those guys and I can't wait to see the last season.” (Kaling recently returned to Dunder Mifflin to reprise their role as Kelly Kapoor for this season's premiere but found going back a little strange. “It was like I had gone away for this summer vacation where I had like, I dunno, tried drugs for the first time and came back.”)
We asked Kaling to reminisce with us about their favorite Office episode (and ours) — “The Injury.” It was the second episode they wrote for the show. Here's what they said:
“It is full-on loopy: It starts with Dwight throwing up, there's a Flowers for Algernon B story, Michael grills their foot. If it had just been weirdness for weirdness' sake, it wouldn't have really taken off. It was all about the framework — that's a Greg thing: it can't just be crazy — and the episode is really about injuries and people with disabilities. If you remember correctly, Michael decides that when people are mean to him, he's going to pull, ‘Oh, you're mean to people with disabilities.' That's why it's so funny to me, because what happened to them is so stupid.”
“It was just a really great mix of Greg letting it get loopy and Steve being so grounded a person that they were able to say that monologue about how they didn't have a butler and how they like to wake up to the smell of bacon. It's such a showcase for what Steve does so well. The other thing that still makes me laugh is something Mike Schur pitched for the end of the episode. In the hospital, someone asks Dwight what their middle name is and Jim says, “Kurt. I hate that I know that.” Mike wrote that line. I thought that was so funny.”
I admit it, I thought I had seen everything when it came to the contempt the far right has for the citizens of this country who takes a different view (and that would be most of us, frankly).Still, I was startled when the audience at a previous Republican presidential debate cheered Rick Perry's unbroken death penalty execution record.Then later I was even more surprised when the crowd cheered the idea of allowing an uninsured young man to die. It gave me a real sense of what ancient Rome must have sounded like to anyone unfortunate enough to find themselves standing in the center of the Colosseum.And deeply shocking as those two moments were, they each time went unchallenged by the assembled conservative candidates on the stage.But when the crowd last night loudly booed a brave gay soldier who deployed to Iraq, where they put their lives on the line every day for the future of this country, I was incensed.It was, simply put, a disgusting spectacle.'Do you plan to circumvent the progress that has been made for gay and lesbian soldiers in the military?' the soldier asked the candidates.But before any candidate could answer the crowd erupted in loud boos and cat calls. Simply because they were gay this crowd made clear the soldier was unworthy of their respect, beneath their consideration. To the far right you can be gay or American, but you can't be both.That's an extreme view and Fox News host Megyn Kelly chose an extremist candidate to answer it.Rick Santorum, who can always be depended upon to offer a completely off-the-wall comment, disrespected the gay soldier further by saying that whilst they support the war in Iraq they did not support the gay troops fighting that war.Santorum could not even bring themselves to thank the soldier for their service.READ MOREIf you're gay, last night made clear, many Republican voters will overlook your patriotism, overlook your service to the nation, and instead they will work to ensure that your second class status is enshrined in the constitution of the United States, where they will treat you with loud contempt, in private and in public, no matter who you are or what you ever do.America deserves leaders who honor our shared commitment to this nation, rather than seek to create caste systems where some soldiers contributions are mocked and dismissed.Not one of the candidates on the The Orange County Convention Center in Florida last night had enough patriotism in them to object to hearing a compatriot mocked.
BY: Follow @FBillMcMorris
The nation's largest union is throwing its weight behind the anti-Trump Women's March.
AFL-CIO announced that it will participate in Wednesday's A Day Without A Woman protest, in which women are encouraged to abstain from working or performing domestic duties. The 13-million-member union plans to march to the Labor Department, saying it will focus on sexual harassment and working conditions for women, according to a letter penned by AFL-CIO organizer Sheva Diagne.
"Working women from multiple sectors will rally and surround the Department of Labor in a show of unity, demanding that women workers be seen, heard, and treated with dignity, especially by the new Presidential Administration and Department of Labor leadership," the union said in a letter.
President Donald Trump has been unsuccessful at staffing the Labor Department after their first nominee, fast food executive Andy Puzder, withdrew in February. Labor groups waged a fierce campaign against Puzder, who would have been the first career business person to serve as labor secretary since 1985.
Following Puzder's withdrawal, Trump tapped Alexander Acosta, the dean of Florida International University's law school and a former National Labor Relations Board member, for the post. Several unions have endorsed Acosta and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka praised their record, saying they deserve "serious consideration."
Women make up 48 percent of all union members in the country, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Union membership, however, has fallen to record lows over the past thirty years. Less than 11 percent of workers belong to unions, down from about 15 percent in 2000.
Unions have downsized as a result of shrinking membership and dues collections. The AFL-CIO laid off dozens of workers in its Washington, D.C., headquarters even after increasing revenue from $182.4 million in 2015 to $188.7 million in 2016. A spokesperson told Bloomberg News that the headquarters staff would be reduced in order to focus more on "core priorities."
"We will have to end support for some programs that don't go to our core priorities," the spokesperson said. "This is about reimagining and realigning our core priorities to best serve our affiliates."
Those "core priorities" appear to include anti-Trump protests. AFL-CIO organizers encouraged rally attendees to share their stories about harassment in the workplace. The rally will bring in artists to organize "a flash mob, poetry, music, and much more." Diagne said artistic expression is crucial to raise awareness about working conditions in the United States.
"Through an artistic uprising, collective expression and creative resistance, women workers and artists will share personal powerful moving testimonies experienced on the job," the letter said.
AFL-CIO found that Trump enjoyed more support from union members than past Republican nominees. Hillary Clinton won union voters 56-37, according to an exit poll obtained by the New York Times' Noam Scheiber and MSNBC's Alex Seitz-Wald. That was a 12 percent improvement from 2012, when Obama won union voters 65-33.
The Wednesday protest is scheduled to begin at 3:30 p.m. outside the Labor Department's D.C. headquarters on Constitution Ave.
Update March 10 10:08 a.m.: The AFL-CIO's exit poll of union members was not conducted by AFL-CIO affiliate Working America, as an earlier version of this story first reported. Working America conducted a separate report surveying working-class neighborhoods in five battleground states; that report also found Clinton with a 56-37 advantage.
In the escalating P.C. wars waged by the secular theocracy‘s Nanny State, an elementary public school this fall ordered a ten-year-old boy to spend the rest of the semester eating lunch alone at the school's “silence table,” with a dire warning of suspension if they dared to threaten others again. We certainly need to protect the innocent lives of children, but what serious offense could have prompted this zero-tolerance measure to protect the public safety from terrorism? Might it be the danger of brandishing a slice of pizza that “looks” like a gun? Oh No! As WorldNetDaily reports:
In the past, a gunmaker's name on a pen and a drawing of a space weapon have been enough to bring down school officials' wrath on students; now it's a piece of pizza.
At an elementary school in Smyrna, Tenn., student Nicholas Taylor, 10, has been ordered to spend lunches for the rest of the semester at the lunchroom's “silent table” because they allegedly picked up a piece of pizza and waved it around like a gun.
According to a WKRN television report, school officials say Taylor “threatened” other students “with a piece of pizza with bites out of it so it looked like a gun.”
The station said their mother, LeAnn Taylor, described the punishment as “absolutely ridiculous” and said their son never said anything derogatory or anything about shooting.
“The kid across the table from them said it looked like a gun so they picked it up and started shooting it in the air,” they said, according the television report.
A school official, James Evans, said the punishment actually is because “some students reported they were making some threatening hand gestures, that they were shooting at other kids at the table, and they reported it to a teacher.”
. . . .
“In addition to the stigma of silent lunch, Nicholas was required to meet with the school resource officer to learn about gun safety. I submit that the school should have further required that the child ... meet with the dietitian to discuss pizza safety.”
The controversy developed, according to the WKRN report, a few days ago at David Youree Elementary School in Smyrna, a part of the Rutherford County School District.
Evans wrote, “I realize some might say we are going overboard but the principal is just trying to use an abundance of caution and send the message that we don't play about guns and it's not something we joke around about.”
Taylor told the station the school made it clear if their son eats their pizza into the shape of a gun again and there is another incident, they would be suspended.
KOBANI - The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) have advanced quickly after launching operation Jazeera storms on Saturday and on Monday they announced preparations for a Civil Council to manage Deir az-Zor city after it's liberation. This could possibly result in tensions with the Syrian government that is now fighting in the city.
A group of elders and tribal leaders have set up a preparatory committee to prepare for the establishment of a Deir az-Zor Civil Council for administering the city after it's liberation, following the model of Civil Councils established for Raqqa, Manbij and Tal Abyad.
“We in the preparatory committee, as well as the dignitaries of the Deir az-Zor tribes, declare our support for the Jazeera storm operation and the Syrian Democratic Forces, and we consider the legitimate force to carry out our dreams of liberation and to return the displaced people to their homes,” the committee said.
“We also call upon the young people of the countryside and villages of Deir az-Zor to take part and join the Syrian Democratic Forces and participate in the honor of fighting for our country,” the committee said.
The committee also called on the heads of the tribes to support the SDF forces.
Although the committee is preparing to set up a council for Deir az-Zor city, its unlikely that such a council would also play a role in the areas liberated from ISIS by the Syrian regime. Both the Syrian Arab Army and the SDF are approaching Deir ez-Zour province to defeat IS in one of its last strongholds.
The Russians and the Americans are also playing their party by trying to prevent conflicts between the two, in order to keep the fight focused on ISIS.
Nevertheless, the SDF has also sought to focus on reconstruction efforts. It is believed that the council which will manage the towns and villages liberated from ISIS by the SDF forces in Deir az-Zor's countryside follow the Raqqa Civil Council model. In Raqqa, civilian councils manage villages and towns like Tabqah in the countryside of Raqqa, while doing the preparatory work for an eventual return to the city of Raqqa after its liberation. It is hoped by the SDF could follow the same practices in Deir ezzor as well.
The question still remains as to how displaced people from Deir ez Zour will move on with their lives.
Some displaced people from Deir ez Zour are now trying to reach the town of Azaz or Bab, from where they can either go to Damascus, Turkey, or trying to find other areas in Syria to find work.
“The situation in the Ain al Issa camp is good, but we want to get out of here to work because there is no work here in the areas of Ain Issa and Tabqa,” Walid Khaled al-Asker told the Region. “We want to go to Azaz, because it's close to Turkey and we can cross into Turkey and work there,” they added.
So far, the SDF forces and the Deir az-Zor's Military Council already liberated 250 kilometers and are approaching Deir az-Zor from the north, while the Syrian regime and the Iranian-backed militias are fighting in the city with the support of Russia.
A cycling campaigner has called for official “dogging” areas to be created in Cardiff .
University lecturer Dr Liza Van Zyl, from Cardiff Bay , came across a dogging hotspot while dog walking near Fforest Fawr.
Dr Van Zyl has now called on Cardiff council to provide “clearly marked areas” in the city's forests and parks.
They said they came across the activity while taking an elderly friend to Fforest Fawr at lunchtime on September 12 to show them the ancient iron mine workings.
They said: “It was quite shocking to find lots of middle aged men watching a couple in a car. It was pretty gross.
“I have had incidents in the past where people have parked in cycle lanes.”
(Image: South Wales Echo)
Dr Van Zyl, who has not approached the council directly about their proposal, said it was unlikely the idea would ever be adopted.
They said: “If there was a place away from people normally parking and taking their kids out, where people who wanted to avoid being caught, it would be a sensible approach. But the council would never approve such a plan because it would be an electoral disaster.
“Personally I can't imagine anything less erotic. I just think it's gross.”
They said: “I have no objection in principle to consenting adults enjoying carnal activities with each other. Not even if they wish to do so outdoors with lots of people watching them.”
But they said after “stumbling unexpectedly across such activities in a public area” they believe it is time for the council to create “designated, clearly marked areas in Cardiff's forests and parks in which consenting adults can pursue their hobby without the rest of us having to see them do it”.
(Image: South Wales Echo)
Dr Van Zyl added: “Anyone who regularly hikes or cycles Cardiff's forest trails know how popular this hobby has become.
“But I'm sure I'm not the only cyclist who is getting more than a little exasperated having to knock on the windows of cars containing couples energetically pursuing their hobby to politely ask them to move their car as it is blocking the cycle path.”
Dr Van Zyl said: “Clearly signposted designated spaces within our public forests and parks with dedicated parking would allow enthusiasts of outdoor sex (both as participants and observers) to enjoy their hobby without accidental interruption by those of us making more traditional use of Cardiff's outdoor spaces with our dogs, kids, bikes, and friends.”
According to law, it is not illegal to engage in sexual activity outdoors but there are a number of offences which could result from this, such as causing alarm and distress to others, outraging public indecency or exposure.
Criminal offences under the Sexual Offence Act 2003 include engaging in sexual activity in a public lavatory, while exposure with intent to cause alarm or distress and voyeurism on people engaged in a private act without their consent are also criminal offences.
Cardiff council declined to comment.
This image belongs to HorseCookies of deviantArt.com a.k.a Amanda Wesely. You may not trace, reference, re-distribute or do anything to or with this image and the characters in it, without my written consent and permission.
This is my interpritation of how Sunset Shimmer's final fight outfit from Friendship Games would look on her, if they were an actual alicorn. This actually my first time drawing Sunset and their hair was pretty fun to do! Overall it was a fun concept for me to try and translate human clothes onto an equine.I did also love this design in the show, but the Nightmare Twilight outfit design is still my fave! I think it the highlights of green and the wings they gave them that really won me over.See it on tumblr here... post-it-note-pony.tumblr.com/p…
It's getting harder and harder to figure out which books Amazon.com will and will not sell. First there was last year's banishment of gay fiction to the “adult section.” Then for the longest time it was willing to ship that how-to guide for pedophiles, until it wasn't. Then came the removal of adult incest erotica, but not any from sci-fi scribe Robert A. Heinlein. And now writer Kyle Michel Sullivan says Amazon.com has yanked their self-published titles simply because they feature gay rape themes.
“During our review process, we found that your titles contain content that is in violation of our content guidelines,” Amazon wrote to Sullivan to explain their titles' disappearance. “As a result, we have removed the books from our store.” And what titles were they? How To Rape A Straight Guy (ASIN B003ZYFCA6) and Rape In Holding Cell 6 (ASIN B00403N14A). Now before you start thinking either of these are how-to guides to rape, allow Sullivan to explain — as they did in a letter to Amazon — what their books are about.
I'm at a loss as to understand how my books violated your content guidelines. They are not pornographic and have solid stories and meaning behind them. The sex in them is not that much more detailed than what you find in Jackie Collins' and Judith Krantz's novels, all of which can be found in a library. Also, you carry items that celebrate the torture and murder of women (see “Saw2” “Hostel 2” (oops) where a naked female is strung upside down and butchered so their blood can bathe another naked female lying under her) and the gleeful slaughter of human beings (“American Psycho”, for example). “How To Rape A Straight Guy” has a very provocative title, yes, and its narrator, Curt, is a very in-your-face sort of guy who thinks they can get even with the world by assaulting men. But it winds up hurting innocent people and destroying him. I even have a moment of foreshadowing in it, where Curt as a 6-year-old boy watches a cousin of their torture a dog until it bites him, then the boy's father kills the dog and goes off to buy another one. The moral of the whole book being, if you treat a man like a dog their whole life, you shouldn't be surprised if they bite you. And the sad reality is, when they finally do bite back, he's the one who's punished. Does that sound like porn? “Rape In Holding Cell 6”, both volumes, is about corruption in the judicial system, and its main character, Antony, is investigating the brutal rape and murder of their lover in the county jail. They find a legal and political system that thinks it can get away with anything and nearly drives themselves insane in their quest for revenge, a quest that threatens to harm the innocent as well as the guilty as they become exactly what they hate. Does that sound like porn? You pulled my titles because that reporter at the Fox affiliate labeled my book pornography. If you actually HAD done your research, you'd see that they do not fall under that category. I can see them being viewed as erotica because the sex is very intense…and not at all sugar-coated…but that's it. And they were on Amazon's website being offered for sale for years without a problem. So will you also be removing other books once viewed as porn, like “Ulysses” and “Henry and June” and “Lolita”? Will you continue to offer DVDs of movies that depict the torture and rape of women, like “Straw Dogs” and “A Clockwork Orange”? I ask that Amazon reconsider this. My books are not pornography and should never have been labeled as such. According to the Supreme Court, “in Miller v. California , 413 U.S. 15 (1973) (The basic guidelines for the trier of fact must be: (a) whether “the average person, applying contemporary community standards” would find that the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient interest, Roth, supra, at 489, (b) whether the work depicts or describes, in a patently offensive way, sexual conduct specifically defined by the applicable state law, and (c) whether the work, taken as a whole, lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value.” (Emphasis added.) Please have your panel look further into the matter and reconsider your actions.
Amazon did “look further” into the matter, and isn't budging in its promise to keep them offline. Without having read them, clearly. The hypocrisy of the web retailer's censorship policy is becoming more and more evident with each round of removals. But here we have an example where books about male-on-male sexual violence are pulled from Amazon's store, while literally hundreds, if not thousands of titles that feature heterosexual sexual aggression and rape remain in stock. And no matter where you stand on whether these books constitute the “glorifying” of rape (which, really, they do not), shouldn't patrons of Amazon demand the company either sell any type of book, or apply its censorship policy uniformly?
Which it won't do, of course. Because that would wipe out some of its best-sellers.
[via]
I have just returned from a road trip to Huntsville, AL, to go to my dad's retirement party. Yes, after 40 years of being a Lutheran pastor, they are living the dream of doing whatever they want. Congrats, dad!
Great trip. Great time.
I generally LOVE road trips.
I like the freedom of the open road, the nasty fast food that ensues and all the different scenarios along the way. Good stuff.
The ONE thing thought that I have – and have yet to find a cure for – is road rage. Er, actually, it's more of a road irritation. Rage is a rather strong word, don't you think?
Now, listen, I don't get it that bad. But I do have it. And really the only reason I get it is when someone rides my a$@. You know, is driving WAY to close behind me.
For the life of me, I'm not sure why this pisses me off so much. But it does.
Okay, I take that back. I think I do know. I think the main reason it does (pisses me off) is because of the whole common courtesy aspect of it. I don't do that to people, but they do it to me. It's like being a close-talker: you're supposed to leave some space or you're annoying.
Above: ‘Tailgating' – totally different.
Usually what I do is tap on the breaks if a person does this. If they continue on, I gently slam on them so they have to slow waaaay down and possibly run right into me.
I know, I know. Stupid. Stupid on my part considering I hate a good ol' auto accident more than tailgaters. BUT, I can't help it. It's as if I must teach the person a lesson.
What gets to me as well is when they do this and I'm in the right. For example, I can maybe understand riding on someones bumper if they're cruising in the passing lane and, well, not passing. But other than that, there's no reason.
A few examples of when I get irritated is when there's a slow car in front of me. I can't help but go the pace of the car that is in front. Yet, some jerk gets on my rear-end like I can do something about it. Like I can speed up. No, you moron, I can't speed up. There's a car in front of me. You twerp.
Or, if I'm cruising on the right-hand lane of the highway, minding my own business, and someone tailgates. This doesn't happen often, but when it does, I turn red and think, “Why?!”.
So, here's the deal…
I know that the rest of my life there will be people that ride my a$@.
As long as people drive, as long as there are roads and as long as there are inconsiderate idiots, this will take place.
I no longer want this to ruin my road trips and somehow I need to get over this aspect of life. It's as sure as drizzle in Ohio. It's gonna happen.
Listen, I'm not the best driver on earth either. I speed. Like, I speed a lot. But, my speeding typically when I have free range of the highway. And I don't distract another driver with my speeding. The only person that I believe might get irritated are the friendly highway patrol people. But the thing is, I'm honestly considerate out there. I'll let people in, obey the laws and am pretty well aware of my surroundings and how I'm acting behind the wheel.
Anyway….
Does anyone have advice on how to handle road rage?
I don't think I have it bad enough to park the car and start throwing coffee cups at a car that upsets me, but still, I hate getting so angry over something so stupid.
So, that's my goal for the next road trip: Laugh at tailgater, not cuss.
I think it will help my blood pressure, my uncouth outburst and overall improve my road trips that I o' so love.
How do you handle those bad drivers? (Or, maybe you are one.).
TOWER, Minn., Dec. 22 (UPI) -- Scientists could learn about Martian water life by plumbing a spring in an iron ore mine in Minnesota's Iron Range, University of Minnesota researchers say.
The researchers say microorganisms in the lowest levels of the spring could be a boon for scientists interested in studying possible life on Mars, the St. Paul Pioneer Press reported Monday, because the mine water was held by rock formed 2.7 billion years ago when water was plentiful but oxygen wasn't.
Scientists said they found bacteria after noticing formations emerging from boreholes miners drilled some 50 years ago in the northern Minnesota mine. Salty water lacking oxygen united with air to create dynamic iron oxide structures, they said.
Calvin Alexander, a geology and geophysics professor, said they wondered what parallels could be drawn to Mars, believed to have an iron oxide-rich soil, the Pioneer Press said. The researcher said formations found in the mine are similar to some in images of the Martian surface.
"There are rimstone dams in the cave growing from strong brines -- and we see rimstone dams on Mars,'' they told the newspaper of dams formed by water running over the edge of a pool and depositing material at the lowest point on the edge. "This could potentially explain how liquid water runs on the surface of Mars under current conditions.''
Alexander and other university scientists said they've applied for grants to study the microorganisms, water and formations created in the mine.
Shutterstock
Time Magazine just ran an illuminating cover story on
What jumped out to us is the FDA's description of Cannabidiol (CBD), emphasis ours:
Good for you if you know what half those substances are. About that last one,just ran an illuminating cover story on Ketamine , the party drug that's showing promise as an anti-depressant.What jumped out to us is the FDA's description of Cannabidiol (CBD), emphasis ours:
Cannabidiol (CBD) is one of the active cannabinoids identified in cannabis. CBD has been shown to be beneficial in experimental models of several neurological disorders, including those of seizure and epilepsy. In the United States, CBD-containing products are in human clinical testing in three therapeutic areas, but no such products are approved by FDA for marketing for medical purposes in the United States. CBD is a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA. At the 37th (2015) meeting of the ECDD, the committee requested that the Secretariat prepare relevant documentation to conduct pre-reviews for several substances, including CBD.
The Federal Drug Administration (FDA) wants to hear from you.In a notice published to the federal register this week, the agency, which regulates pretty much anything that goes into your body, announced that it's "requesting interested persons to submit comments concerning abuse potential, actual abuse, medical usefulness, trafficking, and impact of scheduling changes on availability for medical use of 17 drug substances."FDA will then funnel those comments up the chain and out of the country, though they could come to impact domestic drug policy.Some context: the United States is party to the 1971 Convention on Psychotropic Substances, a United Nations (UN) treaty meant to curb drug trafficking and abuse by restricting imports/exports, limiting use to scientific and medical settings, and compelling member nations to punish infractions of the treaty. It's like the international version of the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). So, ahead of an upcoming meeting scheduled for Nov. 6-10 in Geneva, Switzerland, World Health Organization (WHO)'s Expert Committee on Drug Dependence (ECDD) is gathering input from member nations' health departments to prepare recommendations for the U.N. Secretary-General, subject to a vote by the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs (CND). If the UN ends up changing its drug controls, it's likely that member nations, including the U.S., would follow suit.OK, so here are all the substances under consideration: Ocfentanil; Furanyl fentanyl (Fu-F); Acryloylfentanyl (Acrylfentanyl); Carfentanil; 4-fluoroisobutyrfentanyl (4-FIBF); Tetrahydrofuranylfentanyl (THF-F); 4-fluoroamphetamine (4-FA); AB-PINACA; AB-CHMINACA; 5F-PB-22; UR-144; 5F-ADB; Etizolam; Pregabalin; Tramadol; Cannabidiol; Ketamine.That little phrase is a big deal, since it puts the FDA at odds with another executive branch agency, the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), which ( possibly illegally ) considers CBD to have no medical benefit . (Medical benefit is, of course, a defining characteristic of drug scheduling that, consequently, has a major effect on criminality, health applications and scientific research.)Many people, here in Colorado and nationwide, can attest to the therapeutic properties of CBD. If you're one of those people, and you want FDA and WHO to hear about it, you can submit a comment up until September 13.You can do so online through the Federal eRulemaking Portal or by mail addressed to Docket Management Staff (HFA-305), Food and Drug Administration, 5630 Fishers Lane, Rm. 1061, Rockville, MD 20852. Apparently, all submissions must include the Docket No. FDA-2017-N-4515 for “International Drug Scheduling; Convention on Psychotropic Substances; Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs; Ocfentanil; Furanyl fentanyl (Fu-F); Acryloylfentanyl (Acrylfentanyl); Carfentanil; 4-fluoroisobutyrfentanyl (4-FIBF); Tetrahydrofuranylfentanyl (THF-F); 4-fluoroamphetamine (4-FA); AB-PINACA; AB-CHMINACA; 5F-PB-22; UR-144; 5F-ADB; Etizolam; Pregabalin; Tramadol; Cannabidiol; Ketamine; Request for Comments.”Got that?
Posted 13/06/2014 by Daniel Weight
On page 3 of the 2014-15 Budget Overview, the Government stated that:
the International Monetary Fund (IMF) warns that, without policy change, Australia would record the fastest spending growth of the top 17 surveyed advanced economies and the third largest increase in net debt as a share of the economy.
These claims were based on charts published on page 24 of the IMF's Article IV Consultation—Staff Report for Australia, which was released in February 2014. One of the IMF's charts appeared to show that Australia had the highest forecast change in real expenditure between 2012 and 2018 amongst all IMF advanced economies. Another chart appeared to show that Australia had the third highest forecast change in net debt as a percentage of GDP between 2012 and 2018 amongst all IMF advanced economies.
Even before the release of the 2014-15 Budget, the ABC's FactCheck website concluded that Treasurer Hockey's ‘comments on growth in spending and debt compared to the 17 nations surveyed by the IMF check out.' However, economist Steven Koukoulas blogged: ‘I smell a big, dirty, dead rat in the IMF report on Australia.' The Kouk (as they are known) asked why certain countries had been omitted from the IMF's analysis.
The IMF classifies 36 counties as ‘advanced economies.' These are: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong SAR, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, San Marino, Singapore, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, United Kingdom, and the United States.
In its World Economic Outlook (WEO) database, the IMF releases economic data and forecasts for IMF member counties, including the 36 advanced economies. The latest release is the April 2014 WEO, which is later than the IMF's Article IV report, but which predates the 2014-15 Budget.
Using the April 2014 WEO database to calculate all advanced economies' forecast change in real expenditure between 2012 and 2018 provides the following results:
Change in Real Expenditure, 2012-2018 (in percent, general government)
Source: IMF World Economic Outlook database, April 2014; Parliamentary Library analysis
While Australia's forecast real change in expenditure is higher than the average for advanced economies, the claim that it is the fastest amongst all IMF advanced economies is incorrect. The relevant chart in the IMF's Article IV report, however, tends to suggest otherwise as it omits the following countries, all of which have a higher rate of growth than Australia: Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg, Estonia, Norway, Israel, and Singapore.
Likewise, using the April 2014 WEO database to calculate all advanced economies' forecast change in net debt as a percentage of GDP between 2012 and 2018 provides the following results:
Change in Net Debt, 2012-2018 (in percent of GDP, general government)
Source: IMF World Economic Outlook database, April 2014; Parliamentary Library analysis.
Note: the 2014 WEO does not hold net debt data for: Cyprus, Czech Republic, Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg, Malta, San Marino, Singapore, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, or the Taiwan Province of China.
On this measure, Australia is forecast to have higher growth in net debt as a percentage of GDP between 2012 and 2018 than the average for IMF advanced economies. Again, however, the relevant chart in the IMF's Article IV report may not provide the true picture, as Japan, Finland and Spain are omitted. The April 2014 WEO database shows that these three countries have a higher forecasted growth in net debt as a percentage of GDP than Australia.
In the IMF's report, the choice of 17 countries is not consistent between the two charts in question, with the Czech Republic, Finland, Great Britain, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Japan, and Portugal appearing on one chart but not the other. Some IMF advanced economies, such as Spain, are not depicted at all.
In response to Senate Estimates questions on the charts in the IMF Article IV report, the Treasury Secretary, Dr Parkinson, agreed that 'having a ... differentiating subset through that series is obviously going to give you a different story compared to one that actually compared Australia against all advanced economies'. They added that:
definitely switching between different subsets is not something that we would encourage people to do.
To the extent that the Government and commentators rely upon what is stated in the IMF's Article IV report, they are not inaccurate. However, the IMF's Article IV report may not actually be saying what some people presume it does.
Fox is looking to keep “New Girl” creator Liz Meriwether in the family for TV seasons to come.
The network has made a pilot production commitment to “Thin Ice,” a single-camera set in Antarctica, created by Meriwether, marking their first comedy development since “New Girl,” which is currently in its sixth season.
“Thin Ice” centers on a woman who reclaims their dreams when they find themselves at the end of the earth — in Antarctica — surrounded by a group of brilliant misfits.
“Fox has been and continues to be such a great home for me with ‘New Girl.' And now I'm looking forward to making a pilot about the sexiest place on earth — Antarctica,” quipped Meriwether. “And, yes, we will be shooting on location, so I think we're going to find a cast very soon,” they joked.
Meriwether co-wrote the “Thin Ice” pilot script with Ed Macdonald and Mark Grimmer. They will serve as executive producer with “New Girl's” Katherine Pope, while Macdonald and Grimmer serve as co-executive producers. 20th Century Fox Television is producing.
“Liz is a great friend of ours, and their take on the important genre of South Pole comedy is as brilliant, specific and hilarious as ‘New Girl,'” said David Madden, president of entertainment at Fox Broadcasting Company. “‘Thin Ice' takes place in a world that half-hour television has never touched, and does it with original characters, an inimitable voice, and Liz-style surprising romance. It's as fresh and distinctive as anything we've read this year, and we're excited to move forward with Liz and their fantastic team of Ed, Mark and Katherine.”
Related VideoAmp, Fox, FreeWheel Publishers and Omnicom Media Group Discuss TV Advertising 'Hell's Kitchen' Renewed for Two More Seasons at Fox
“Thin Ice” is being put on to fast-track and is set to be produced in early 2017, though a cast has yet to be put in place.
The new project has no connection to “New Girl's” future, and a decision for a seventh season won't come until next spring. The numbers this season have not been strong with the three most recent episodes each bringing in just under 2 million viewers, but the sitcom is an important property to Fox, as its owned by 20th Century Fox TV and is the network's longest-running live-action comedy on the air. It hit 100 episodes in its fifth season.
Meriwether is repped by WME and McKuin Frankel Whitehead.
A Washington Post story by Sari Horwitz reports that federal officials don't know what they are going to do about marijuana legalization in Colorado and Washington:
"I really don't know what we're going to do," said one high-ranking law enforcement official involved in the decision who was not authorized to speak publicly.
Dept. of Justice headquarters, Washington, DC (gsa.gov)
"It was a battleground state," said [another] administration official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk publicly
.
Attorney General Eric Holder had ignored a letter signed by all the past DEA chiefs last September urging them to speak out against the ballot initiatives. That may have been a political decision to avoid losing Democratic support in Colorado, the article suggests:
Horwitz's otherwise good article repeated the same fallacy we have seen crop up in other news reports of late, the idea that states can't do this because of federal law, a fallacy that I predicted here and have already noted here. The article states:
The most likely outcome will be that the Justice Department will prevent the laws from going into effect by announcing that federal law preempts the state initiatives, which would make marijuana legal for recreational use, law enforcement sources said.
Perhaps it's just a typo, and I don't know what the sources told Mr. Horwitz, but no matter what the legal and practical outcome of all of this, it is not the case that DOJ can preempt a state's law by making an announcement about. They can ask a court to preempt the laws, and then the court will decide. Significant legal precedent indicates that Congress cannot force states to criminalize conduct they don't want to criminalize, any more more than states can force Congress to lift such criminalization -- as I've pointed out, in 16 years of state medical marijuana laws, no federal prosecutor has ever tried to do so. Maybe they'll try now, and if so we'll see what the Supreme Court's inconsistent conservatives say and what the liberals say. But they've had plenty of incentive to go that route already, and for some reason haven't.
Not that the feds can't make a fight of things. As the medical marijuana battles show, they have ways to interfere. They can send vaguely threatening letters, implying without directly stating that state employees would be violating federal law by implementing regulations for marijuana, as US Attorneys in most medical marijuana jurisdictions have done. That could scare the governors, who could seek delays implementing the initiatives, which in turn would have to be addressed in court. The IRS could move against the new businesses, auditing and penalizing them under a tax rule that disallows most expense deductions for illegal enterprises. (The law bizarrely allows dispensaries to deduct the cost of marijuana itself, but not other things like payroll or rent.) They can make it hard for marijuana businesses to maintain relationships with banks. And of course they can raid any marijuana store that they choose to.
But none of that is the same as preempting the laws themselves. And none of it would stop people from possession marijuana whenever they want, legally under the states' laws, or in Colorado from growing it. This needs to be repeated as often as possible: Colorado and Washington's marijuana laws are different from federal marijuana law, but that doesn't mean they conflict with it; and not every conflict is legally impermissible. If federal law just preempted state law in that way, 18 states would not have medical marijuana today.
The Republican Party has officially withdrawn their support for a senator after discovering they have a normal, legal and consensual sex life.
Senator Beale Cooter, 71, will now be forced to run a re-election campaign as an independent candidate after an investigation revealed they had remained faithful to their wife of over 40 years and had no sexual misconduct complaints made against them before or during theirs marriage.
‘Once upon a time, that would have been celebrated in the Republican Party,' they sighed. ‘Now you have to have touched a child or forced yourself on a woman to win their backing.'
Republicans have called the discovery ‘deeply disturbing' and will be vetting future senate candidates more closely to ensure this never happens again.
‘The entire point of holding a powerful political position is that you can do pretty much whatever you want with no real repercussions. It was incredibly selfish of Beale to waste their power like this,' said one fellow senator.
The Republicans have said they regret their association with Beale and feel like they've made the right move even if they lose the senate seat in a threeway election campaign.
They are now scouting local sex offenders to find a new candidate.
Stacy Peters has a knack for chocolate and timing. A few years ago they and a friend decided to make some truffles for the Christmas holidays and the Village Bakery agreed to sell them. The chocolate orbs flew out the door and O'Chocolate was born. For the last few years she's been selling their sweet treats at the Athens Farmers Market where the Saturday crowd (I can report from first-hand experience) hovers around their display, anxious to make their chocolate purchases.
Gearing up for Valentine's Day (when national chocolate sales are projected to be just shy of one billion dollars), Stacy began looking at options for a ‘pop up' store for the month of February. When they found a longer term sweet deal, they couldn't resist and, today, they opened their retail business at 5 North Court Street in Athens. With Kinko's and FedEx upstairs, O'Chocolate is on the street level, just inside the lobby and is open Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays from 11 am to 2pm and 5 to 8pm and on Saturdays from 11 am to 8pm.
Them chocolate offerings include ten kinds of truffles (my favorites are Chili Pepper, Espresso and Champagne) and five fabulous chocolate bars (so hard to decide…Mint? Organic Pecan with Smoked Sea Salt? or the Dark Chocolate Orange that Stacy describes as “a smooth bar with citrus tones that wake up the taste buds. Cayenne is added and lightly dances on the back of your tongue.”) They also offer barks and other darkly delicious confections. All are made with organic and Fair Trade chocolate. Vegans can indulge in truffles made with organic coconut milk.
Stacy is passionate about supporting other local enterprises and sources many of their ingredients within the 30 mile region. These include Snowville Creamery‘s cream, Sticky Pete's maple syrup, Silverbridge Coffee, Ancient Roots lavender extract, and amaranth from Shagbark Seed & Mill Company. They also buy spirits for their truffles locally, supporting the Undercover Market (red wine) and Bella Vino (champagne). By March, the shop will include a display of locally made products available for purchase.
As V Day approaches, Stacy invites you to attend their O'Chocolate's Soiree on February 11 (Saturday) from 7 to 8:30 pm – grab your sweetie and enjoy some free chocolate! And for the love in your life (hey, it's okay if it is you), fill up a red box with truffles!
Advertisements
Protesters are seen by firelight as they run from tear gas fired by the military and riot police during clashes along a road which leads to the Interior Ministry, near Tahrir Square in Cairo in this file photo taken November 23, 2011. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian court dismissed cases against 379 people accused of involvement in clashes with police during protests near the Interior Ministry in November 2011 in which 42 demonstrators were killed, the state news agency reported.
Saturday's decision was based on President Mohamed Mursi's offer of an amnesty for those facing charges related to events during and after the 2011 uprising that ended the 30-year rule of Hosni Mubarak, the agency reported.
Cairo and other cities saw many violent protests against the army rulers who took over interim power after Mubarak was ousted on February 11, 2011.
Judge Gamal el-Din Safwat Roshdy, who presided over the Cairo criminal court, dismissed the cases against 379 suspects linked to clashes in Mohamed Mahmoud Street, the agency said.
The street, which lies next to Cairo's Tahrir Square and near the Interior Ministry, became a focus of violent protests in November 2011 by demonstrators who accused the ruling generals of employing the same heavy-handed police tactics as Mubarak.
The generals handed power to Mursi after they were elected president in June 2012.
BANGKOK — The Sentinelese, a tiny island tribe in the Indian Ocean, have a tried-and-true foreign policy.
When outsiders approach their island, they swarm the shoreline and rain down arrows.
The Sentinelese are highly mysterious. Commonly described as the “most remote” tribe on earth, they inhabit a speck of land roughly the size of Manhattan. Their population, however, is minuscule: an estimated 50 to 100 people.
Were it not for their fear of outsiders, that number might be zero. The Sentinelese are what anthropologists call “uncontacted” people. They do not communicate with the outside world. Very few people have intruded on their turf and lived to talk about it.
The Sentinelese have been derided as “savages” and “primitives” for failing to join the outside world. But their habit of killing intruders is nonetheless wise.
Modern history is filled with sad sagas of indigenous peoples eradicated or decimated by diseases borne by European visitors. As in 17th-century America, epidemics can rapidly depopulate the land and leave it vulnerable to takeover.
That has not happened to the Sentinelese. Yet.
They've fended off a range of characters: British colonialists, Indian anthropologists, drunk fishermen and even Jacques Cousteau.
Now the Sentinelese are threatened by a new breed of intruders: sea cucumber poachers.
According to Survival International, a London-based organization advocating tribal self-determination, fishermen are increasingly invading waters near the tribe's island. The group suspects the seafaring poachers seek sea cucumber, a squishy little creature prized in China as a libido booster.
They've even heard recent reports that one poacher, a Burmese fisherman, was reckless enough to step onto the island. They were perhaps fleeing in panic from the Indian Coast Guard, which later detained the fisherman and their crew, according to Survival International, which notes that intruding fishermen generally know to keep their distance from the Sentinelese.
Some poachers have been jailed by Indian authorities awaiting trial. Many are warned and released.
Each intruder risks both their own life and Sentinelese genocide. A single handshake or sneeze could bring on mass death. “With the isolation comes extreme vulnerability,” says Sophie Grig, senior campaigner with Survival International. The Sentinelese, they say, “are likely to have no immunity to diseases like the common cold or flu.”
Contacting the Sentinelese is a criminal act. Until the 1990s, the Indian government supported attempts to contact the tribe. They were often driven away. This video reveals a rare non-hostile interaction with an Indian research crew, which did not step off their boat:
But the Indian government has stopped trying to contact the Sentinelese and instead agreed to defend their island from invasion. “Given that the Indian government changed its position ... to a policy of non-contact, we believe their isolation can be maintained,” Grig says.
Yet it appears the Sentinelese have no idea the state of India even exists. Isolated on the island for an estimated 60,000 years, they're believed to survive off jungle pigs, honey and fruit. They have seen the wonder of flying machines — helicopters have buzzed the tribe multiple times — but the crew is always attacked with flying arrows, never cleared for landing.
The outside world is likewise clueless about Sentinelese habits and thought. Their language is unknown. Their religion, if any, is unknown. Their thoughts on love, sex, honor and the cosmos are secrets that have never left their island.
The 21st century offers new technology, drones, that allow outsiders to peer into Sentinelese life without risking a spear to the neck. But Grig says that “would be without their consent and therefore would be unethical.”
“They have made it clear that they don't want to be contacted,” Grig says. “This must be respected.”
The UN has announced it is altering last week's “blacklist” of violators of children's rights to remove the Saudi-led coalition attacking Yemen, amid intense diplomatic pressure from the Saudi government to change the list.
The coalition was responsible for an estimated 60% of the children killed in Yemen last year, though Saudi officials insisted that any inclusion on the list “contradicts” previous UN resolutions which endorsed the government the Saudi war intends to prop up.
UN officials had previously resisted the Saudi demand to remove them from the list, but backed down pretty quickly when Saudi officials started making statements of outrage about being included. The UN insists the removal is simply “pending review,” citing Saudi claims of inaccurate data.
Saudi officials rejected the slain that any review was pending, insisting that there was no way to put the coalition back on the list under any circumstances.
Several human rights groups issued statements criticizing the move, with Human Rights Watch terming it “deeply disturbing” that the Saudis were able to so easily get themselves removed from the list. The Saudis had similarly managed to avoid criticism of war crimes in Yemen during the UN General Assembly.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Crunchyroll has some more fall anime coming your way this morning with the addition of Gakuen Handsome. The first episode is set to launch today at 10:00am Pacific Time.
Gakuen Handsome will be available to Crunchyroll members worldwide excluding Japan, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macao
Here's a recent promo to prepare you for the unbridled handsomeness to come:
Synopsis:
The top-class boys school in the prefecture, Baramon Private Academy. The protagonist who just transferred there encounters various tough guys at the school
As soon as you pass the gates, there was handsome—
The outlaw teacher, the captain of the soccer team, their childhood friend who they haven't seen in seven years, etc... This is a school love story filled with very uniquely extreme feelings.
-------
Joseph Luster is the Games and Web editor at Otaku USA Magazine. You can read their webcomic, BIG DUMB FIGHTING IDIOTS, every week at subhumanzoids. Follow them on Twitter @Moldilox.
This is a very, very old film/conversation. It was made in 1988. Anyhow I thought it would be good to have it here.
In a studio setting, Stephen Hawking, Arthur C. Clarke and Carl Sagan (who joins them via satellite) discuss the Big Bang theory, God, our existence as well as the possibility of extraterrestrial life.
God, the Universe and Everything Else is an educational colloquium, attempting to uncover a grand unified theory of the laws that govern the universe.
This enlightening program delves deep into topics such as the Big Bang Theory, the expansion of the universe, black holes, extraterrestrial life and the origins of creativity.
Stephen Hawking is a British theoretical physicist who has dedicated much of their life to probing the laws of time and space described by Einstein's Theory of Relativity.
Carl Sagan was an American astronomer who played a major role in the development of the American space program, as well as their contributions to planetary science.
Arthur C. Clarke is a British author, most famous for the science fiction classic, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and their optimistic vision for humankind exploring the galaxy.
~ Due to high profile publicity about us in the New York Times, InStyle, Road & Track, Car and Driver, Muscle Machines and Classic Car magazines, we are a little behind in keeping up with the rising demand for our works. Our apologies, as we are a small operation and all of our pieces are unique, hand made items.
Our newest and immediately available items are listed on Page 1, here on the Fordite Page. Some of the sold out items on successive pages can be recreated similarly, and so, are left visible for referencing...
Please subscribe to our mailing list (below in the footer section) to be directly notified immediately through our e-mailer, when a batch of new pieces are listed and available for purchase. You can additionally "like" us on Facebook for the latest updates, including new items for sale...
At a media conference today at Columba Centre, Saint Patrick's College, Maynooth, Bishop Liam MacDaid, chairperson of the Council for Marriage and Family, along with Bishop Kevin Doran, Bishop of Elphin, officially launched the pastoral statement The Meaning of Marriage on behalf of the Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference. The pastoral statement advises the faithful that “to redefine the nature of marriage would be to undermine it as the fundamental building block of our society. The Church seeks with others to reaffirm … that marriage should be reserved for the unique and complementary relationship between a woman and a man from which the generation and upbringing of children is uniquely possible.”
Bishops encourage everyone to read The Meaning of Marriage which is currently being distributed to over 1,300 parishes throughout the island. The pastoral statement can also be downloaded in the English, Irish and Polish language on http://www.catholicbishops.ie/2014/12/03/meaning-marriage/ A selection of images from the launch for use by media is available on the Catholic Bishops' Flickr page https://www.flickr.com/photos/irishcatholicbishops/ Please see below remarks by Bishop MacDaid and Bishop Doran from today's media launch.
Remarks by Bishop Liam MacDaid
Good afternoon and welcome to you all. We appreciate your acceptance of our invitation. My name is Bishop Liam MacDaid of the Diocese of Clogher. I welcome you as Chairperson of the Council for Marriage and the Family.
Today on behalf of the Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference we are launching a pastoral statement entitled, The Meaning of Marriage. This pastoral statement is intended to put before our people, again, the Christian understanding of marriage – a communion of life and love between a man and a woman, in a union for life which is open to new life; and which provides the best and most stable environment for children to grow up and develop.
Currently this pastoral statement is being distributed to our people through parishes and other outlets. It is also available online.
We wish and encourage everyone to read carefully this pastoral statement so as to be better informed in preparation for the debate which will inevitably unfold during the coming referendum. As part of its preparation, this statement has been piloted among a cross-section of people and age groups, and I am glad to be able to say that there has been a considerable input by married couples.
I will pass over to Bishop Kevin Doran for a few minutes.
You may have some questions then which you would like to put to us and we will do our best to give you whatever information you may need.
Thank you for your attention.
Remarks by Bishop Kevin Doran
As you will probably be aware, the recent Extraordinary Synod of Bishops in Rome in October focussed on the theme of “Pastoral challenges of the family in the context of evangelisation”. The Irish Bishops' Conference was represented at the Synod by Archbishop Diarmuid Martin. The Synod was the first part of a two stage initiative by Pope Francis. The second stage will take place over three weeks in October 2015.
In the meantime, each Episcopal Conference around the world has been asked to begin a conversation within the local Church, about the meaning of marriage and about how we, as a community of faith, can together respond to challenges facing the family today.
As is the case with any conversation, the pastoral statement is not prepared in a vacuum. It was prepared in the context of the proposal by Government to redefine the “Meaning of Marriage” by asking people in this jurisdiction to extend marriage to same-sex couples. The pastoral statement makes it clear that this would be a contradiction in terms, because marriage is, of its nature, a committed relationship between a man and woman which is open to the transmission of life.
The Synod of Bishops did not at any stage suggest that the Church's teaching on marriage could be, somehow, changed. Its purpose was to consider the Church's pastoral response to the challenges facing the family.
The primary concern of the Irish bishops, where marriage is concerned, is to encourage the thousands of married couples, young and old, who are faithfully living the vocation of marriage, in what can sometimes be a very difficult environment (economically, culturally and spiritually).
Alongside this there is a particular concern to offer pastoral and spiritual support to couples who are facing particular challenges. This is what the Church is doing on a daily basis, in its pastoral ministry. Thank you for listening.
ENDS
For media contact: Catholic Communications Office Maynooth: Martin Long 00353 (0) 86 172 7678 and Brenda Drumm 00353 (0) 87 310 4444
SAN DIEGO – One way to get noticed as a scientist is to tackle a really difficult problem. Physicist Sean Carroll has become a bit of a rock star in geek circles by attempting to answer an age-old question no scientist has been able to fully explain: What is the time?
Sean Carroll is a theoretical physicist at Caltech where they focus on theories of cosmology, field theory and gravitation by studying the evolution of the universe. Carroll's latest book, From Eternity to Here: The Quest for the Ultimate Theory of Time, *is an attempt to bring their theory of time and the universe to physicists and nonphysicists alike.*Here at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, where they gave a presentation on the arrow of time, scientists stopped them in the hallway to tell them what big fans they were of their work.
Carroll sat down with Wired.com on Feb. 19 at AAAS to explain their theories and why Marty McFly's adventure could never exist in the real world, where time only goes forward and never back.
Wired.com: Can you explain your theory of time in layperson's terms?
Sean Carroll: I'm trying to understand how time works. And that's a huge question that has lots of different aspects to it. A lot of them go back to Einstein and spacetime and how we measure time using clocks. But the particular aspect of time that I'm interested in is the arrow of time: the fact that the past is different from the future. We remember the past but we don't remember the future. There are irreversible processes. There are things that happen, like you turn an egg into an omelet, but you can't turn an omelet into an egg.
And we sort of understand that halfway. The arrow of time is based on ideas that go back to Ludwig Boltzmann, an Austrian physicist in the 1870s. They figured out this thing called entropy. Entropy is just a measure of how disorderly things are. And it tends to grow. That's the second law of thermodynamics: Entropy goes up with time, things become more disorderly. So, if you neatly stack papers on your desk, and you walk away, you're not surprised they turn into a mess. You'd be very surprised if a mess turned into neatly stacked papers. That's entropy and the arrow of time. Entropy goes up as it becomes messier.
So, Boltzmann understood that and they explained how entropy is related to the arrow of time. But there's a missing piece to their explanation, which is, why was the entropy ever low to begin with? Why were the papers neatly stacked in the universe? Basically, our observable universe begins around 13.7 billion years ago in a state of exquisite order, exquisitely low entropy. It's like the universe is a wind-up toy that has been sort of puttering along for the last 13.7 billion years and will eventually wind down to nothing. But why was it ever wound up in the first place? Why was it in such a weird low-entropy unusual state?
That is what I'm trying to tackle. I'm trying to understand cosmology, why the Big Bang had the properties it did. And it's interesting to think that connects directly to our kitchens and how we can make eggs, how we can remember one direction of time, why causes precede effects, why we are born young and grow older. It's all because of entropy increasing. It's all because of conditions of the Big Bang.
Wired.com: So the Big Bang starts it all. But you theorize that there's something before the Big Bang. Something that makes it happen. What's that?
Carroll: If you find an egg in your refrigerator, you're not surprised. You don't say, "Wow, that's a low-entropy configuration. That's unusual," because you know that the egg is not alone in the universe. It came out of a chicken, which is part of a farm, which is part of the biosphere, etc., etc. But with the universe, we don't have that appeal to make. We can't say that the universe is part of something else. But that's exactly what I'm saying. I'm fitting in with a line of thought in modern cosmology that says that the observable universe is not all there is. It's part of a bigger multiverse. The Big Bang was not the beginning.
And if that's true, it changes the question you're trying to ask. It's not, "Why did the universe begin with low entropy?" It's, "Why did part of the universe go through a phase with low entropy?" And that might be easier to answer.
Wired.com: In this multiverse theory, you have a static universe in the middle. From that, smaller universes pop off and travel in different directions, or arrows of time. So does that mean that the universe at the center has no time?
Carroll: So that's a distinction that is worth drawing. There are different moments in the history of the universe and time tells you which moment you're talking about. And then there's the arrow of time, which give us the feeling of progress, the feeling of flowing or moving through time. So that static universe in the middle has time as a coordinate but there's no arrow of time. There's no future versus past, everything is equal to each other.
Wired.com: So it's a time that we don't understand and can't perceive?
Carroll: We can measure it, but you wouldn't feel it. You wouldn't experience it. Because objects like us wouldn't exist in that environment. Because we depend on the arrow of time just for our existence.
Wired.com: So then, what is the time in that universe?
Carroll: Even in empty space, time and space still exist. Physicists have no problem answering the question of “If a tree falls in the woods and no one's there to hear it, does it make a sound?” They say, “Yes! Of course it makes a sound!” Likewise, if time flows without entropy and there's no one there to experience it, is there still time? Yes. There's still time. It's still part of the fundamental laws of nature even in that part of the universe. It's just that events that happen in that empty universe don't have causality, don't have memory, don't have progress and don't have aging or metabolism or anything like that. It's just random fluctuations.
Wired.com: So if this universe in the middle is just sitting and nothing's happening there, then how exactly are these universes with arrows of time popping off of it? Because that seems like a measurable event.
Carroll: Right. That's an excellent point. And the answer is, almost nothing happens there. So the whole point of this idea that I'm trying to develop is that the answer to the question, “Why do we see the universe around us changing?” is that there is no way for the universe to truly be static once and for all. There is no state the universe could be in that would just stay put for ever and ever and ever. If there were, we should settle into that state and sit there forever.
It's like a ball rolling down the hill, but there's no bottom to the hill. The ball will always be rolling both in the future and in the past. So, that center part is locally static – that little region there where there seems to be nothing happening. But, according to quantum mechanics, things can happen occasionally. Things can fluctuate into existence. There's a probability of change occurring.
So, what I'm thinking of is the universe is kind of like an atomic nucleus. It's not completely stable. It has a half-life. It will decay. If you look at it, it looks perfectly stable, there's nothing happening … there's nothing happening … and then, boom! Suddenly there's an alpha particle coming out of it, except the alpha particle is another universe.
Wired.com: So inside those new universes, which move forward with the arrow of time, there are places where the laws of physics are different – anomalies in spacetime. Does the arrow of time still exist there?
Carroll: It could. The weird thing about the arrow of time is that it's not to be found in the underlying laws of physics. It's not there. So it's a feature of the universe we see, but not a feature of the laws of the individual particles. So the arrow of time is built on top of whatever local laws of physics apply.
Wired.com: So if the arrow of time is based on our consciousness and our ability to perceive it, then do people like you who understand it more fully experience time differently then the rest of us?
Carroll: Not really. The way it works is that the perception comes first and then the understanding comes later. So the understanding doesn't change the perception, it just helps you put that perception into a wider context. It's a famous quote that's in my book from St. Augustine, where they say something along the lines of, "I know what time is until you ask me for a definition about it, and then I can't give it to you." So I think we all perceive the passage of time in very similar ways. But then trying to understand it doesn't change our perceptions.
Wired.com: So what happens to the arrow in places like a black hole or at high speeds where our perception of it changes?
Carroll: This goes back to relativity and Einstein. For anyone moving through spacetime, them and the clocks they bring along with them – including their biological clocks like their heart and their mental perceptions – no one ever feels time to be passing more quickly or more slowly. Or, at least, if you have accurate clocks with you, your clock always ticks one second per second. That's true if you're inside a black hole, here on Earth, in the middle of nowhere, it doesn't matter. But what Einstein tells us is that path you take through space and time can dramatically affect the time that you feel elapsing.
The arrow of time is about a direction, but it's not about a speed. The important thing is that there's a consistent direction. That everywhere through space and time, this is the past and this is the future.
Wired.com: So you would tell Michael J. Fox that it's impossible for them to go back to the past and save their family?
Carroll: The simplest way out of the puzzle of time travel is to say that it can't be done. That's very likely the right answer. However, we don't know for sure. We're not absolutely proving that it can't be done.
Wired.com: At the very least, you can't go back.
Carroll: Yeah, no. You can easily go to the future, that's not a problem.
Wired.com: We're going there right now!
Carroll: Yesterday, I went to the future and here I am!
One of things I point out in the book is that if we do imagine that it was possible, hypothetically, to go into the past, all the paradoxes that tend to arise are ultimately traced to the fact that you can't define a consistent arrow of time if you can go into the past. Because what you think of as your future is in the universe's past. So it can't be one in the same everywhere. And that's not incompatible with the laws of physics, but it's very incompatible with our everyday experience, where we can make choices that affect the future, but we cannot make choices that affect the past.
Wired.com: So, one part of the multiverse theory is that eventually our own universe will become empty and static. Does that mean we'll eventually pop out another universe of our own?
Carroll: The arrow of time doesn't move forward forever. There's a phase in the history of the universe where you go from low entropy to high entropy. But then once you reach the locally maximum entropy you can get to, there's no more arrow of time. It's just like this room. If you take all the air in this room and put it in the corner, that's low entropy. And then you let it go and it eventually fills the room and then it stops. And then the air's not doing anything. In that time when it's changing, there's an arrow of time, but once you reach equilibrium, then the arrow ceases to exist. And then, in theory, new universes pop off.
Wired.com: So there's an infinite number of universes behind us and an infinite number of universes coming ahead of us. Does that mean we can go forward to visit those universes ahead of us?
Carroll: I suspect not, but I don't know. In fact, I have a postdoc at Caltech who's very interested in the possibility of universes bumping into each other. Now, we call them universes. But really, to be honest, they are regions of space with different local conditions. It's not like they're metaphysically distinct from each other. They're just far away. It's possible that you could imagine universes bumping into each other and leaving traces, observable effects. It's also possible that that's not going to happen. That if they're there, there's not going to be any sign of them there. If that's true, the only way this picture makes sense is if you think of the multiverse not as a theory, but as a prediction of a theory.
If you think you understand the rules of gravity and quantum mechanics really, really well, you can say, “According to the rules, universes pop into existence. Even if I can't observe them, that's a prediction of my theory, and I've tested that theory using other methods.” We're not even there yet. We don't know how to have a good theory, and we don't know how to test it. But the project that one envisions is coming up with a good theory in quantum gravity, testing it here in our universe, and then taking the predictions seriously for things we don't observe elsewhere.
Images: 1) Artist's rendition of the multiverse./Jason Torchinsky. 2) Diagram of the multiverse./Sean Carroll. 3) Ken Weingart.
See Also:
Erin Biba is a Correspondent for Wired magazine who writes about science, technology, popular culture and beer made from 45-million-year-old yeast.
Follow us on Twitter @erinbiba and @wiredscience, and on Facebook.
by Jasmine Chen
When I first decided to study in Taiwan, I didn't expect to have to heed any warnings I read from online discussion forums. One particularly scathing blog review referred to the stereotype of “scum of the barrel white dudes who came to Asia to boost their ego” as if this were a common but unspoken knowledge about some secret population. Rumors of the “creepy, white male” type were occasionally brought up in casual conversation among friends and relatives in the Asian American community.
I never thought much about these mentions of predatory behavior toward women in Asia (courtesy of European and American foreigners) and put it out of my mind, believing there was probably some exaggeration thrown in there. When I headed to Taipei for the summer to study Mandarin, I landed with a very open mind, excited to meet both local and international students if possible and resolved to put myself out there as much as my inner introvert would let me.
Growing up in the multicultural melting pot of America, I was surrounded by people of various skin colors, backgrounds, and beliefs; while there was always a flow of discourse on race- or gender-based prejudice, there was enough of a blend that my Asian heritage did not stand out to a white guy. It did make sense, then, that the male group that were fans of the fetishization of the Asian woman would be attracted to visiting Asia in general, therefore making up a larger percentage of the foreign population and leaving a strong enough impression of “the creepy, white, male foreigner” in throngs over there.
Apparently, I was outgoing enough to break the stereotype of a quiet Taiwanese girl, but simultaneously a bit too reserved to fit the expected mold of an extroverted American—as friends pointed out to me later on, I fit in my own ambivalent category, making me an approachable and questionable chameleon as perceived by creepy, white guys. It was during my short trip in Taipei that I experienced what it was like to be viewed as a submissive and easy target, standing at barely five feet tall and mistaken frequently for an oblivious Taiwanese girl who would blush at any English spoken and swoon at any basic Mandarin mustered.
My first evening on campus, I sat at a bench to take it all in, ready to start my adventures. A voice on my left startled me, asking me in Mandarin with a heavy accent, “How are you doing?” Flustered that I didn't notice him—the first human being I met on campus—I was thrilled to have a potential friend. I responded excitedly in English, telling them that it was my first night here and that I was from the States. Appearing puzzled, they insisted on responding in basic Mandarin, and I kept replying in English until they gave up and changed languages, saying a bit disappointedly, “Oh, I thought you were probably a local student who just had good English practice.”
Nevertheless, the more our conversation progressed, the more I became wary of what they were saying. They had studied in China prior to Taiwan, and they described the women they met there as shallow money-grubbers who asked questions to figure out how much money they made in hopes of marrying a rich, white foreigner. They then started asking me questions about what type of guys I liked, and when I hesitated, they prompted as if knowingly, “Probably not nerdy, unromantic, unconfident Taiwanese guys like your mom wants?” This rubbed me the wrong way, but at the time, I couldn't figure out why. Certainly, I had pondered before the cultural differences in which relationships were approached between Asians and Americans, but coming from him, this nonchalant comment seemed presumptuous and rather arrogant.
As the rest of the conversation continued, it only confirmed my suspicions that they were one of those egotistical males who felt entitled to Asian women. After trying hard to persuade me to grab dinner with them off campus, I politely refused and said I was tired, to which they responded a bit snarkily, “Come on, you don't know how to live a little and take some risks?” A few weeks later, at a café for Language Exchange meet-up, I saw them settled snugly in their self-proclaimed throne, talking to two Taiwanese girls who seemed intrigued by him, an “international student.”
Unfortunately, the second white guy I happened to encounter did not redeem the first. Meeting them through a mutual friend, they proceeded to message me on Facebook in Chinese, asking if I had a boyfriend and saying they wanted to eat me. Baffled by their blatant disrespect, I double-checked with my Taiwanese friend—it means the same thing in Chinese as it does in English. I ignored him, but they continued to send me messages asking if I wanted to get coffee or go clubbing. They responded to my “No, sorry campus curfew” with “Lol, nerd.” When I told our mutual friend, a white girl from Virginia who had not personally experienced their advances, their initial shock wore off enough for them to reflect and muse that they had noticed the way they addressed their Taiwanese waiter a few days ago was different from the way they treated her—it made sense.
Finally, toward the end of my trip, I had become more sensitive to this issue I was experiencing and witnessing. As my friends and I left a hotel bar, I saw a middle-aged, white business person feeling up an Asian woman's thighs in plain view. The few seconds of blatant, lecherous behavior I happened to see walking by made me cringe.
My experience that summer caused me to pay more personal attention to the scandals involving the pick-up artist group Real Social Dynamics when they came to light in November of 2014. The company consists of white males who call themselves “international leaders in dating advice,” and the controversy involved one of their members, Julien Blanc, whose arguably the greatest offense was demonstrated in a video of them lecturing misogynistic and racist teachings to other males.
They were seen telling them that walking down the streets of Japan, one could literally thrust Japanese women toward one's d**k while yelling “Pikachu,” and they would love it; this followed up by a short clip of them choking a woman with two other women laughing in the background. The situation got so out of hand that Julien Blanc became featured as the “Most Hated Man” in Time magazine. They were interviewed on CNN to publicly explain that the video was taken out of context as a bad attempt at humor and that they had helped countless insecure men find love, even bringing together marriages. A brief glance at Blanc's Pimpin' My Game website, which had undergone some remodeling post-scandal, still currently boasts mostly of banging hot women, as an excerpt here states: “Did some routines on a girl I knew of, boom fucked them I felt like this was real for the first time. One week later, fucked my second girl. They had a boyfriend.” The hashtag #takedownjulienblanc was created by intersectional feminist Jennifer Li in an attempt to use Twitter to bring awareness to their actions, but despite efforts to ban RSD from giving lectures worldwide, only a handful of countries has actually taken action to do so.
The existence of “Julien Blancs” in Asia and other countries, I discovered, was all too real. This reality illuminates an entire set of disturbing issues, which can be traced back to the existing problems of double standards and lack of accountability for men. Julien Blancs might suffer slightly more in the modern day because of their misogynic and racist behavior, but there are endless cases in which Eurocentric chauvinism still continues to thrive: it is one of the reasons why Asian Americans, men in particular, are denied leading roles in Hollywood due to scarce but consistent portrayals as dorky, laughable men.
It is also the reason why sex trafficking is prevalent in certain areas and why men get away with mistreatment and abuse of women everywhere. Certainly, during my stay in Taiwan, there were other interactions with normal, friendly foreigners, but the fact that I encountered any Pimpin' My Game fan club members at all was eye-opening, and quite alarming. The truth, as it turns out, is that there are quite a few more Julien Blancs than is acceptable.
Op Ed: The Missing Trans Girl and What's (Not) Being Done
"The Sage Smith story (or lack thereof) underlines in many ways the uphill struggle transgender individuals still face,"
There's a particularly cynical exchange in an episode of the cult HBO series “The Wire” wherein a couple of homicide detectives remark upon how little priority is being given to the unsolved murders of several poor African-Americans. To drive the point home, one of the detectives refers to these homicides as “misdemeanor murders”.
Complaining about the media's exclusive fascination with kidnapped or missing white children has become something of a dead horse. At a certain point, just observing that something is a problem isn't really helping matters; if it bothers you, logic dictates, you actually try to do something about it. That said, it's hard not to be disturbed by the near-dearth of coverage that the case of Sage Smith has received, in Virginia or nationally, and the tone of the scant coverage that they have been given.
Smith is a 19-year-old African-American transgender woman who disappeared from their Charlottesville home nearly a month ago; they were last seen leaving to meet one Erik McFadden at a train station and still had not returned two days later. According to Daryl C. Hannah of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, since Smith's disappearance, the only remotely “mainstream” media coverage the disappearance has received has been a local news report.
During this report, despite identifying as female, Smith is repeatedly referred to using male pronouns; the local police have insisted on the same terminology, issuing a statement in which they refer to Smith as a “young man”. Even “Missing” posters in Richmond refer to Smith as “him/her”. The case demonstrates, in microcosm, everything wrong with media coverage of trans people: the only outlet that even cares enough to cover the story cannot be bothered to even use correct pronouns, even though the Associated Press stylebook states that journalists should “use the pronoun consistent with the way the [transgender] individuals live publicly.”
This is hardly a new phenomenon, unfortunately; earlier this year, Virginia transgender inmate Ophelia De'Lonta made headlines when they sought taxpayer funding for their gender reassignment surgery. Multiple Virginia media outlets, including WTVR's Mark Holmberg, referred to De'Lonta as a “man” or using male pronouns. It's one thing to say De'Lonta's transition should not be taxpayer-subsidized, but it's quite another to say it while denying them the basic dignity of their chosen gender identity. In the Smith case, meanwhile, refusal to acknowledge that Smith is transgender can be even more harmful: someone who gives the story only a cursory glance will be on the lookout for a 20-year-old man, and thus will be no help in the search for Smith.
“Transgender teenagers face a myriad of risk factors that are exacerbated in situations when a youth goes missing,” said Beth Panilaitis, Executive Director of the Richmond Organization for Sexual Minority Youth (ROSMY). “Unfortunately, there isn't the immediate community wide call to action for transgender youth that you see in other cases which leads to much less searching for the young person. They are likely to have less family support, which leads to fewer individuals pushing for a search.”
The Sage Smith story (or lack thereof) underlines in many ways the uphill struggle transgender individuals still face, even as gay people and lesbians make welcome strides in terms of equality. Compare, for instance, the coverage given to victories for marriage equality in Maryland, Maine and Washington to coverage given to the removal of “gender identity disorder” from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5). Moreover, neither the media nor the public seem to be entirely sure how to discuss transgender individuals; a 2008 GLAAD study found that only 1 in 8 respondents reported being acquainted with someone who was transgender. Non-malicious ignorance on a personal level is one thing, but the press- for whom doing research on unfamiliar issues is part of the job description- seems just as uncurious, despite their capacity to inform if they made a sincere effort. This is, as Paul McCartney observed, an ever-changing world, and no one begrudges the press a little time to figure out how to properly cover concepts they may be unfamiliar with. But in the meantime, a young woman is missing, and they deserve better than to be disappeared again by the Fourth Estate simply because they find their gender identification too awkward to discuss.
Anyone with information as to the whereabouts of Sage Smith is encouraged to contact the Charlottesville, VA Police Department at 434-977-4000.
Love is the gift that keeps giving and the button is the reminder to do just that.
It's time to spread the love. You can do that all by yourself and you are all you need. The Love Button Global Movement is a non-profit organization that promotes a culture of love by inspiring our human family to act with loving kindness in our daily lives. Wear the Love Button to show you believe in love and its power to transform our world.
At LoveButton.org, we've created a special love button (get it?) that you can give to everyone you reach out to with your love. Isn't that cool? You can give it to your grandma after you kiss them or leave it anonymously on someone's windshield after you secretly put a quarter in their parking meter that's about to run out. The idea is to remind people that what you've done for them isn't just something nice. It's an act of LOVE. They have been loved and now they can pay it forward, too.
* Please note that every pack contains a variety of love button colors. We do our best to distribute them evenly but from time to time certain packs may not contain every single color.
WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – Small parts – Not for children under 3 yrs.
Epigenetic theories of homosexuality concern the studies of changes in gene expression or cellular phenotype caused by mechanisms other than changes in the underlying DNA sequence, and their role in the development of homosexuality.[1][2][3] Epigenetics examines the set of chemical reactions that switch parts of the genome on and off at strategic times and locations in the organism's life cycle. However, epigenetic theories tangle a multiplicity of initiating causes and of resulting final effects and will never lead to a single cause or a single result. Hence, any interpretation of such theories may not focus just one isolated reason of a multiplicity of causes or of effects.[4]
Instead of affecting the organism's DNA sequence, non-genetic factors may cause the organism's genes to express themselves differently. DNA in the human body is wrapped around histones, which are proteins that package and order DNA into structural units. DNA and histone are covered with chemical tags known as the epigenome, which shapes the physical structure of the genome.[5] It tightly wraps inactive genes on the DNA sequence making those genes unreadable while loosely wrapping active genes making them more expressive. The more tightly wrapped the gene, the less it will be expressed in the organism. These epigenetic tags react to stimuli presented from the outside world. It adjusts specific genes in the genome to respond to humans' rapidly changing environments. The idea of epigenetics and gene expression has been a theory applied to the origins of homosexuality in humans. One team of researchers examined the effects of epi-marks buffering XX fetuses and XY fetuses from certain androgen exposure and used published data on fetal androgen signaling and gene regulation through non-genetic changes in DNA packaging to develop a new model for homosexuality.[6] The researchers found that stronger than average epi-marks, epigenomes that are wrapped tightly around the DNA sequence, convert sexual preference in individuals without altering genitalia or sexual identity.[7] This research gives support to the hypothesis that homosexuality stems from the under expression of certain genes on the DNA sequence involved with sexual preferences. This theory as well as other concepts involved with epi-marks, twin studies, and fetal androgen signaling will be explored here.
Epigenetic marks [ edit ]
Epigenetic marks (epi-marks) are temporary "switches" that control how our genes are expressed during gestation and after birth. Moreover, epi-marks are modifications of histone proteins.[8] Epigenetic marks are modifications of the methyl and acetyl groups that bind to DNA histones thereby changing how the proteins function and as a result, alter gene expression.[9] Epi-marks change how the histones function and as a result, influence the way genes are expressed.[1] Epigenetic marks promote normal sexual development during fetal development. However, they can be passed on to offspring through the process of mitosis. When they are transferred from one parent to an offspring of the opposite sex, it can contribute to an altered sexual development, thus leading to masculinization of female offspring and feminization of male offspring.[10] However, these epi-marks hold no consistency between individuals in regard to strength and variability.[citation needed]
Twin studies [ edit ]
Identical twins have identical DNA, which leads to the perceived conclusion that all identical twins are either heterosexual or homosexual. However, it is evident that this is not the case, consequently leaving a gap in the explanation for homosexuality. A "gay" gene does not produce homosexuality. Rather, epigenetic modifications act as temporary "switches" that regulate how the genes are expressed.[10] Of the pairs of identical twins in which one twin is homosexual, only twenty percent of the other twins are homosexual, which leads to the hypothesis that even though identical twins share the same DNA, homosexuality is created by something else rather than the genes. Epigenetic transformation allows the on and off switching of certain genes, subsequently shaping how cells respond to androgen signaling, which is critical in sexual development.[6] Another example of epigenetic consequences is evident in multiple sclerosis in monozygotic (identical) twins. There are pairs of twins that are discordant with multiple sclerosis and do not both show the trait. After gene testing, it was suggested that DNA was identical and that epigenetic differences contributed to the gene difference between identical twins.[11]
Effects of fetal androgen exposure [ edit ]
While in the fetal stages, hormonal influences of androgen, specifically testosterone, cause feminine qualities in regard to sexual development in females and masculine qualities in males. In typical sexual development, females are exposed to minimal amounts of testosterone, thus feminizing their sexual development, while males are typically exposed to high levels of testosterone, which masculinize their development. Epi-marks play a critical role in this development by acting as a buffer between the fetus and androgen exposure. Moreover, they predominantly protect XY fetuses from androgen underexposure while protecting XX fetuses from androgen overexposure.[1] However, when androgen overexposure happens in XX fetuses, research suggests they can show masculinized behavior in comparison to females who undergo normal levels of androgen exposure. The research also suggests that excess androgen exposure in females led to reduced heterosexual interest in adulthood than did females with normal levels of androgen.[12]
Heritability [ edit ]
New epi-marks are usually produced with each generation, but these marks sometimes carry over between generations. Sex-specific epi-marks are produced in early fetal development that protect each sex from the natural disparity in testosterone that occurs during later stages of fetal development. Different epi-marks protect different sex-specific traits from being masculinized or feminized—some affect the genitals, others affect sexual identity, and yet others affect sexual preference. However, when these epi-marks are transmitted across generations from fathers to daughters or mothers to sons, they may cause reversed effects, such as the feminization of some traits in sons and similarly a partial masculinization of daughters. Furthermore, the reversed effects of feminization and masculinization can lead to a reversed sexual preference. For example, sex-specific epi-marks normally prevent female fetuses from being masculinized through exposure of atypically high testosterone, and vice versa for male fetuses. Sex-specific epi-marks are normally erased and not passed between generations. However, they can sometimes escape erasure and are then transferred from a father's genes to a daughter or from a mother's genes to a son. When this happens, this may lead to an altered sexual preference.[1] Epi-marks normally protect parents from variation in sex hormone levels during fetal development, but can carry over across generations and subsequently lead to homosexuality in opposite-sex offspring. This demonstrates that gene coding for these epi-marks can spread in the population because they benefit the development and fitness of the parent but only rarely escape erasure, leading to same-sex sexual preference in offspring.[citation needed]
It's a funny thing, but the ability to buy an internet connection and not have the company you buy it from control what you can see and at what speed you can see it is a popular thing in the Land of the Free TM .
According to a poll by Ipsos and commissioned by open source software developer Mozilla, no less than 76 per cent of Americans support net neutrality. And it's not just Democrats. According to the poll, which spoke to 1,000 people split evenly across political lines (and including independents), 73 per cent of Republicans support net neutrality too.
Perhaps equally unsurprising, an equivalent majority do not trust the US government to protect their access to the internet – with 70 per cent of Americans placing "little or no" trust in the Trump administration, and 78 per cent feeling the same about Congress.
Mozilla is, of course, an open advocate of net neutrality, so if the results were different they may never have seen the light of day. But Ipsos is a legit and respected pollster and the methodology and questioning are fair.
So what are we to make of the fact that 78 per cent of Americans believe equal access to the internet is a right? Or that 54 per cent of us actively distrust ISPs (really, that low?)?
Net neutrality is also viewed as a "good thing" for pretty much everyone – except, that is, "big businesses," which only 46 per cent of respondents said would benefit from enforced neutrality rules (21 per cent said it would be a "bad thing" for them).
There was a pretty even spread on the question of whether ISPs will "voluntarily look out for consumers' best interests": 11 per cent strongly agree; 26 per cent strongly disagree; the rest sit in the middle.
Why Pai
Not that any of this is likely to change the mind of FCC chair Ajit Pai, who has made it plain that they are determined to undermine the rules introduced by their predecessor, and has already effectively said they will ignore any voices they don't agree with.
What it may do, however, is make the oncoming debate (well, shout-fest) even louder and more unpleasant than most already expected.
Mozilla is taking part in the "day of action" planned for July 12 that aims to send a loud message to lawmakers in Congress and to the FCC that people do not agree with the plan to overturn net neutrality.
The problem is that both Congress and particularly the FCC already know what that message is, having gone through five years of forceful debate over the issue.
There is little or nothing that people or industry can do to change Ajit Pai's mind – a former Verizon attorney who appears to only be listening to the cable industry. They do, however, seem to be heavily swayed by the views of the Republican Party, especially as it relates to their career.
As for the Republican Party, cable industry lobbyists have long had the ears of Congressmen, and the cable industry is a persistent and significant source of income for re-election campaigns, so the only point of leverage for net neutrality advocates is if they can get politicians to believe the topic is of such interest to voters that it threatens their seat.
Stat
It is for that reason that the only stat of real importance in the survey is 48 per cent – the number of Republicans who "somewhat support" net neutrality.
In the coming months, the cable industry will continue its determined effort to muddy the waters by ramming home its talking point that "Title II is not net neutrality" – meaning that the FCC proposal to change the classification of ISPs from common carriers to information providers is a separate issue from actual net neutrality.
In reality, that is not true. They are in fact effectively the same within the context of the laws that currently exist – but that is a more complex point and Big Cable is counting on net neutrality advocates not being able to make it succinctly.
If Big Cable achieves that goal, sufficient support for the FCC's proposal may hold and Pai will get their way. If, however, those 48 per cent of Republicans who "somewhat support" net neutrality are not convinced and start moving into the "strongly support" bucket, then we may see Congressional Republicans start to back away.
In short: It's going to get loud and messy and we don't know which way it will fall. ®
At least 21 militants were killed in a series of air and ground operations in eastern Nangarhar province of Afghanistan.
The Ministry of Defense (MoD) said the operations were conducted in Pacher Agam district.
The provincial police commandment said earlier this week this a clearance operation is underway to eliminate the loyalists of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) terrorist group in the area.
The local security officials said at least 30 militants of the terror group were killed in the operations, including the shadow judge of the terror group.
However, the Ministry of Defense (MoD), in a statement said Monday that 44 militants of the terror group were killed along with the shadow judge.
The operations in Pacher Agam were launched amid concerns that the loyalists of the terror group are attempting to move towards the Tora Bora mountainous region in a bid to fortify their presence in the region.
The deputy house speaker of the Afghan Parliament Zahir Qadir earlier warned that serious efforts are underway by the loyalists of the terror group to establish the Khurasan Caliphate.
The operations have apparently been launched following Qadir's comments after they alleged that the loyalists of the terror group have seized several strategic points in Pacher Agam which is close to Tora Bora.
A comprehensive study into the reproductive health of 26,600 men found sperm concentration has decreased by a third since the 1990s.
The findings are so significant experts have warned action must now be taken to avoid significant fertility problems and the average family size decreasing.
The study, which was carried out in France, found there had been a ''significant and continuous'' 32.2 per cent decrease in sperm concentration over 17 years.
Numbers of sperm per millilitre of semen fell at about two per cent a year between 1989 and 2005, with researchers calculating the average 35-year-old man would see their sperm count reduced from around 73.6 million per millilitre of semen to 49.9 million.
At the same time, the proportion of normally formed sperm declined by about a third.
Writing in the journal Human Reproduction, the French authors said the study was the first to identify a long-term ''severe and general decrease'' in sperm concentration and quality at the scale of a whole country.
They added: ''This constitutes a serious public health warning. The link with the environment particularly needs to be determined.''
The scientists analysed data from semen samples collected from 126 fertility clinics throughout France.
All the couples involved were seeking treatment because of female problems rather than obvious difficulties linked to sperm.
Dr Joelle Le Moal, one of the researchers from the Institut de Veille Sanitaire in Saint Maurice, said: ''The decline in semen concentration shown in our study means that the average values we have for 2005 fall within the 'fertile' range for men according the definition of the World Health Organisation.
"However, this is just an average, and there were men in the study who fell beneath the WHO values.
''The 2005 values are lower than the 55 million per millilitre threshold, below which sperm concentration is expected to influence the time it takes to conceive.''
More promisingly, the study also showed the proportion of active or ''motile'' sperm rose slightly from 49.5 per cent to 53.6 per cent.
The findings support other research showing similar drops in sperm concentration and quality in recent years.
Some studies have suggested that environmental factors, such as endocrine disrupters - chemicals that upset hormone balances in the body - might be behind the trend.
Dr Le Moal said: ''Impairments in the quality of human gametes (male sperm and female eggs) can be considered as critical biomarkers of effects for environmental stresses, including endocrine disrupters. Firstly, this is because gametes are the very first cells from which human beings are built up during their lifetimes.
''According to the theories about the developmental origins of health and diseases, early exposures may have an impact on adult health.''
These effects can be passed down generations by the way they impact inherited DNA, they added.
A national monitoring system to assess French sperm quality is now being planned by the scientists.
Professor Richard Sharpe, from the University of Edinburgh, said: ''The take-home message from the study is extremely simple - sperm number and sperm quality has declined progressively over the study period.
''In the UK this issue has never been viewed as any sort of health priority, perhaps because of doubts as to whether 'falling sperm counts' was real. Now, there can be little doubt that it is real, so it is a time for action.
"Doing nothing will ensure that couple fertility and average family size will decline below even its present low level and place ever greater strains on society.''
Got some burning Dark Matter or Stargate-related questions you were just too shy to ask me on the blog? Well, you're in luck because…
Yes, it's true. This Saturday at noon PDT, I'll be doing an AMA (Ask Me Anything) over on Reddit. Head on over to https://www.reddit.com/r/television/ at the appointed time for all the action.
Today's Dark Matter season 2 sneak peek screen shot of the day. That planet looks…familiar.
Hey, my guest stint on Geek Soul Brother's podcast is up:
http://geeksoulbrother.com/joseph-mallozzi/
Give it a listen. It was a ton of fun. So much so that I ended up sticking around even after the interview ended and they had to pretend they were all going home to get me to hang up. Great stuff!
Finished off a first draft of my new military SF pilot. Before I do a pass on the script, I decided to pick up some research materials (pictured above) that will, hopefully, allow me to seem marginally competent in naval space jargon. Or not.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Even though Broncos players have repeatedly professed their confidence in Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch this offseason, it seems the trappings of good television require an effort to get them to discuss Tony Romo, a quarterback who could potentially be for sale.
Back on Jan. 22, DeMarcus Ware said on GameDay Morning: "I just think they (would) be a great fit for the Denver Broncos, but also, we already got two vested guys in Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch. So you got to think about what type of message you want to send to the team."
Friday, in an appearance on Good Morning Football, they had this to say on the matter:
"I would like to reunite with Romo," Ware said. "He's one of those quarterbacks where he's good but the thing is, I know what we have with the Denver Broncos and you gotta go with what you have. Play with what you got and just roll with it."
Ware is currently a free agent and stated their plans to play in 2017.
"I talked to Vance and they said I'm part of the equation," Ware told ESPN on Friday. "Hopefully I come back there, and I want to, but it's also about the man who writes the checks and that's [team executive John] Elway. But I'm ready, I'm passionate and I want to lead that defense."
Given that he's not under contract, the Broncos owe them an extra debt of gratitude for not stirring up any potential rumors that would damage the psyche of their young quarterbacks. This defense, as presently constructed, is still good enough to remain competitive in the AFC West with replacement level play under center. Bringing in someone like Romo could destroy their salary cap and prevent them from spending money to patch up any holes new coach Vance Joseph might see in their dominant front.
Plus, as NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport has noted multiple times, the Broncos are not currently inclined to do a deal with Dallas. It is looking more likely that Romo could be a Sam Bradford trading chip of sorts.
Plans and circumstances always change, but for right now, Denver seems intent on making it work with what they have.
After the final at-bat of the 2016 World Series, as T-shirts commemorating the winning team hit retailers' shelves almost as soon as they're on players' backs, versions celebrating the losers start a journey to the shredder.
It didn't always work that way. In past years, retailers donated preprinted Major League Baseball championship merchandise for losing teams overseas.
Each new round of the postseason comes with new commemorative merchandise retailers can order in advance to guarantee they will be ready for post-win sales. But retailers who want to be ready for eager Chicago Cubs fans — who have had few chances to buy a shirt that says both "World Series" and "Cubs" — also risk ending up with unsellable apparel.
Last year, VF Licensed Sports Group required customers who wanted early access to merchandise celebrating a baseball team's postseason run agree to ship any merchandise with a losing team's 2015 MLB postseason clinch logos, images or graphics to international nonprofit World Vision. Customers had 24 hours following a loss to get in touch with World Vision to start the donation process, according to a 2015 agreement provided by a retailer.
VF Licensed Sports Group and Majestic, which makes MLB uniforms and officially licensed postseason apparel, including the shirts players don immediately after a series win, are subsidiaries of Greensboro, N.C.-based VF Corp.
"Our goal is to protect teams by preventing product from getting into the general marketplace that was produced in preparation for an event that could, but ultimately did not, happen," MLB spokesperson Matt Bourne said in an email.
Other companies that create officially licensed postseason merchandise, such as baseball capmaker New Era, did not respond to requests for comment.
The midseason switch came as a surprise to some retailers. Just Tuesday, Dick's Sporting Goods said in a statement that it worked with World Vision to "donate unused championship merchandise to countries in need."
Another retailer was sent a revised agreement that replaced the donation requirement with a mandate to ship any items for losing teams back for destruction.
Majestic said its policies — designed to keep the championship designs secret until a win and minimize the amount of product created that can't be sold while still getting it to the market quickly — have been changing over the past couple of weeks.
Retailers who violate an agreement not to sell, advertise or promote the losing team's merchandise agree to pay $100,000 per breach, according to the 2016 World Series preprinted merchandise agreement.
The baseball postseason doesn't always generate as much contingency product as winner-take-all events like the Super Bowl, where either team could take the title. In a lopsided baseball series, many retailers won't commit to taking preprinted merchandise for the team that's falling behind.
With the NLDS officially clinched, Cubs fans can look ahead to seizing the NLCS and, goat willing, the 2016 World Series. Last week we rounded up popular T-shirts seen at Wrigley Field throughout the regular season. But postseason style is a different ballgame. Flip through to see 10 playoffs and World Series-themed T's, some new, some tried and true.
The 2016 VF Licensed Sports Group agreement for World Series merchandise lets customers choose to start having their items made — and commit to eating a percentage of the cost — once a team has three wins and anywhere from zero to three losses.
But at least some 2016 MLB postseason apparel has escaped Majestic's shredder. World Vision already has received donated merchandise celebrating postseason runs with the logos of teams that narrowly missed qualifying, said Jim Fischerkeller, the organization's corporate engagement senior director.
"We work very hard to service all of our corporate partners in a manner that will protect their brands, and we distribute the products that they make available to World Vision through efficient and strategic processes designed to serve those in need," they said in an email. "Our hope is that those relationships would continue as long as the need does and that when materials are available, they will continue to partner with us."
lzumbach@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @laurenzumbach
The Padres have again shut down top pitching prospect Anderson Espinoza with mild soreness in their right elbow.
Forearm tightness forced Espinoza to take two weeks off before resuming a throwing program last week. This time, the 19-year-old right-hander is expected to rest quite a bit longer to allow the inflammation to subside.
An MRI has not revealed any red flags.
“This is a young man who throws very, very hard,” Padres farm director Sam Geaney said. “He hasn't to this point had any extreme workloads, but I think when you generate as much velocity as they do, these kinds of things happen. Often times it can take six to eight weeks for something like this to resolve itself and get back to normal.”
Baseball America's top-ranked prospect in the organization and No. 21 overall, Espinoza was up to 97 mph in their last appearance in spring training before reporting tightness in their forearm upon arriving in high Single-A Lake Elsinore to start the season.
Their condition had improved enough to start a throwing program from flat ground on April 21. The Padres, however, have since moved Espinoza back to extended spring training in Peoria, Ariz., to better monitor their progress.
“I think we feel pretty confident in what it is,” Geaney said. “We've done some studies and imaging. I think we feel good about the path going forward. There's nothing glaring, nothing that's going to necessitate any drastic measures. I think we've just decided with how they were feeling that we'd go a little slower with him.”
Geaney added that this bout of inflammation is not related to the elbow ailment that briefly slowed Espinoza upon signing with the Red Sox as a 16-year-old out of Venezuela.
Acquired last summer in the Drew Pomeranz trade, Espinoza threw 58 1/3 innings in their first year in pro ball in 2015, 108 1/3 last year for two low Single-A teams and was ticketed for the California League to start their first full year in the Padres organization.
Espinoza is 6-13 with a 3.35 ERA, 165 strikeouts and a 1.23 WHIP in 166 2/3 innings as a pro. Opposing hitters have hit .248 against him.
CAPTION Padres third baseman Manny Machado talks goals, family, fashion and more -- including why the Padres were a right fit for they and their family -- in this first interview after signing a 10-year, $300 million dollar deal with the Padres. Padres third baseman Manny Machado talks goals, family, fashion and more -- including why the Padres were a right fit for they and their family -- in this first interview after signing a 10-year, $300 million dollar deal with the Padres. CAPTION Padres third baseman Manny Machado talks goals, family, fashion and more -- including why the Padres were a right fit for they and their family -- in this first interview after signing a 10-year, $300 million dollar deal with the Padres. Padres third baseman Manny Machado talks goals, family, fashion and more -- including why the Padres were a right fit for they and their family -- in this first interview after signing a 10-year, $300 million dollar deal with the Padres. CAPTION Meet Padres pitcher Chris Paddack, who is coming back with a vengeance after Tommy John surgery (and wearing their cowboy hat and boots while doing it). Meet Padres pitcher Chris Paddack, who is coming back with a vengeance after Tommy John surgery (and wearing their cowboy hat and boots while doing it). CAPTION Here's what stood out from Manny Machado's first day with the Padres, with a look at family, comparisons to Fernando Tatis Jr., and the hustle/dirty player issue. Here's what stood out from Manny Machado's first day with the Padres, with a look at family, comparisons to Fernando Tatis Jr., and the hustle/dirty player issue. CAPTION Padres manager Andy Green officially gets to talk about Machado now. They gave their thoughts on what it means for their roster, what stood out about Machado when they had lunch with them and why a family atmosphere was so important to Machado and their wife. Padres manager Andy Green officially gets to talk about Machado now. They gave their thoughts on what it means for their roster, what stood out about Machado when they had lunch with them and why a family atmosphere was so important to Machado and their wife. CAPTION Hear from the newest Padres infielder, third baseman Manny Machado. Hear from the newest Padres infielder, third baseman Manny Machado.
jeff.sanders@sduniontribune.com; Twitter: @sdutSanders
The Supreme Court of Canada ruled on Friday that two Indo-Canadians could be extradited to India for their alleged role in what has been described as an “honour killing” more than 17 years ago.
The ruling from the top court, delivered in Ottawa, was unanimous and based on assurances from the Canadian government that the two would not be tortured while in India for their trial.
According to reports in the Canadian media, 25-year-old Jaswinder Jassi Sidhu, a resident of Maple Ridge in the province of British Columbia, had eloped with a man from a “lower caste” and was later killed in June 2000 by a group of men, who slit their throat and also severely injured their husband Sukhwinder Singh Sidhu.
In May 2014, the Supreme Court of British Columbia ordered Sidhu's mother Malkiat Kaur Sidhu and uncle Surjit Singh Badesha to be extradited to India to face charges relating to the case.
Later, however, the British Columbia court of appeal had blocked their extradition.
According to the Globe & Mail daily, the apex court, in its ruling, noted that “diplomatic assurances need not eliminate any possibility of torture or mistreatment; they must simply form a reasonable basis for the minister's finding that there is no substantial risk of torture or mistreatment”.
The Vancouver Sun reported that Indian authorities have charged the elderly pair with conspiracy to commit murder.
First Published: Sep 08, 2017 20:35 IST
Female employees in Italy could be offered official 'menstrual leave', which would grant them three days of paid leave each month.
Italy's parliament is currently considering the law, which could see the country become the first Western one to instate the policy.
Some media outlets have praised the proposed law by describing it progressive, while others are concerned it could in fact be a setback for working women.
Although Italy has female-friendly labour laws including five months of paid maternity leave, the country has one of the lowest rates of female participation in the workforce in Europe.
While the new law could benefit women who suffer from crippling menstrual cramps, it could also provide another excuse not to employ women. According to Italy's national bureau of statistics (via The Independent), almost a quarter of pregnant employees are sacked during or after their pregnancies, despite it being illegal. And recent statistics show 61% of women in Italy work, compared with the European average of 72%.
Giphy
Economist Daniela Piazzalunga told the newspaper: "Women are already taking days off because of menstrual pains, but the new law would allow them to do so without using sick leaves or other permits.
"However, on the other hand I wouldn't exclude that [if the law is approved] this would lead to negative repercussions: The demand for female employees among companies might decrease, or women could be further penalised both in terms of salary and career advancement.'
The proposed policy was brought forward by four female members of the Democratic party, and according to Rome's Il Messaggero newspaper, it could be approved within the next few months.
While the bursting of the housing bubble has dealt the US economy a body blow, there may in fact be an economic bubble with far more substantial consequences to our prosperity: the college education bubble.
Currently, consumer debt to pay for higher education has cracked the $1 trillion dollar mark, making the total larger than all outstanding credit card balances. We have seen over the last few weeks that a lot of the personal angst that enrages Occupy protesters is driven by college loans that are too large for them to pay off and which can't, by law, be discharged like other debt in bankruptcy.
Certainly the bursting of this education debt bubble will be costly, and may well require another large taxpayer bailout (since many of these loans are gauranteed by the government). But the cost of failed loans will only be a small portion of the tally. The more important cost will be from decades of mis-allocation of resources that likely is already costing our economy trillions in lost growth and productivity. To understand why, we need to delve a bit into business cycle theory.
One of the topics I write about frequently is climate, and from my amateur study of climate I have actually learned a few useful lessons about economics. First and foremost is this: it is shear madness to try to attribute any event in a very complex system to a single cause. Just as it is complete hubris to blame Hurricane Katrina, as Al Gore did, on the single variable of manmade CO2 in the atmosphere, it is crazy to try to blame a particular economic event, like a recession, on a single cause.
That being said, I find myself increasingly swayed by the Austrian economics school in arguing that an important, perhaps decisive, cause of many past recessions has been the mis-allocation of resources. The Austrian school tends to focus on the role of government central banks in keeping interest rates artificially low, driving financial bubbles. I tend to look at the mis-allocation problem more broadly. Artificially low interest rates can certainly be a cause, but so can flaw growth assumptions (as in the Internet bubble), social policy (as in the housing bubble), industrial policy (as with MITI in Japan and the lost decade), and regulatory and accounting rules (in both the S&L crisis and the 1998 banking crisis). Anything that distorts pricing signals and resource allocation makes the economy weaker.
Imagine your household received what seemed like very credible evidence that a natural disaster was coming, and that you need to stock up on water. You run to the store, buying weeks worth of bottled water, probably paying inflated prices for it if you neighbors are all trying to do the same thing. Then, suddenly, you find you were misled. There is no disaster coming. Now you have all your liquid assets (no pun intended) tied up in bottles of water for which you have no use. You may have to cut back on other critical expenses for weeks or months until you can recover from this gross mis-allocation of your personal resources. On a macro scale, many recessions happen the same way ... you just need to substitute, say, "houses" for "bottles of water."
The theme from all these failures is distorted signals and corrupted communication. People, no matter how savvy, cannot possibly research every nook and cranny of the economy before making an investment. They make decisions, therefore, based on signals - prices, interest rates, perceived risks, and the profit history of other similar investments. If these signals are artificially altered or corrupted, bad decisions that destroy wealth and growth will result.
Which brings me back to education. I will tell you something almost every business owner knows: We business owners may whine from time to time that banks won't lend us money, but what really is in short support are great people. Nothing has more long-term impact on an economy than amount and types of skills that are sought by future workers. That is why everyone accepts as a truism that education is critical to economic health.
Unfortunately, there is good evidence that our education policies have already done long-term harm. The signals we send to kids making their higher education plans have disconnected them from reality in a number of fundamental ways, causing them to make bad decisions for themselves and the broader economy. For example:
We tell kids college is an unalloyed good to which everyone should aspire. This is so startlingly similar to our telling everyone home ownership is an absolute good for everyone (a signal that ended with very bad results in the current recession) that we should be immediately skeptical. In fact, we now see dropout rates (the educational equivalent of a foreclosure) are soaring, because many folks are learning that 4-year college may not be right for them ... but only after wasting several productive years and tens of thousands of dollars. And more than half of the humanities (e.g. non-science) majors that do graduate end up in jobs that don't actually require a college degree. From an economic standpoint, their education investment in time and money was largely wasted.
We signal to students that college is affordable, by giving them cheap and easy credit. It shouldn't be surprising that many students leap into deep debt without considering the long-term consequences -- in fact, many adults with far more years of experience than an 18-year-old entering college have been fooled by easy credit into thinking certain purchases are more affordable than they are.
We confuse students about their education goals. We lure them into debt, telling them that college is an "investment" that will pay itself off through higher earnings, but then tell them that their degree choice does not matter -- that Mayan gender studies is as valid a degree as electrical engineering. Look, if someone has the money to pay for college outright as a consumption good, then I would agree, they should study whatever gives them a charge. But if a student is pursuing a degree under a punishing debt load, then the ability to monetize that degree better well be a factor. The reality, though, as reported by Alex Tabarrok, is that all the growth over the last 25 years in college enrollment has been from students pursuing degrees in majors like visual and performing arts, psychology, and journalism. Enrollment in more easily monetized degrees like chemical engineering, math, and computer science has been flat.
I would argue that many great colleges actively shield students from the reality of the job market and the economy. Go ask an Ivy League college about what I have written and they will give you a disdainful "What do you think we are, a grubby trade school" look and argue that they are creating great human beings who are better prepared for society.
Are they? Perhaps in some ways, but I am not sure their graduates are going to be very grounded in reality. After all, how could any group that is at all in touch with the realities of the modern economy be doubling the number of journalists they produce while actually reducing the number of computer science grads? Does anyone ever walk into a college first-year student communications class and say "beware, everyone in this field is getting laid off"? Or do they come in a praise everyone and tell them they are all going to be future world leaders?
Yes, we will have to bail out some student loans, and it will likely cost us tens of billions of dollars. But that cost will be trivial compared to the toll that thirty years of mis-directed education will take on the economy. Many folks on both sides of the political aisle are lamenting a stagnation in wages and productivity -- can there be any doubt that there is a connection to our mis-allocation of education investment?
Postscript: Forbes has a list of top 20 colleges for getting the most educational value (I believe defined as lifetime earnings less cost). There are five schools I know of (Princeton, Yale, Harvard, Stanford, Amherst) that have grant-based financial aid such that all students can graduate debt-free. If you want to use your anthropology degree to make the world a better place via the Peace Corps, you can afford to do that graduating from these schools. They have actually addressed the contradiction that they say their students can do anything but were charging tuition that could only be paid off by a career on Wall Street. These schools are uniquely wealthy but I would love to see other schools aspire for something similar, at least in some focused programs if not to everyone.
Hedge fund guru Michael Messner, of Seminole Capital Management, has made moves in three key stocks in Q1, namely Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), Micron Technology Inc (NASDAQ:MU) and Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL).
New York-based Seminole, which has a portfolio value of $545 million has a focus on tech and finance stocks. So far, this quarter the fund is up by 1.06%. Messner, who has a background in civil engineering, co-founded the fund back in 1995. The fund, which returned $400 million to investors at the end of 2015 because it “couldn't maintain historical-like returns”, says its approach “is to identify voids in the marketplace and then work to develop a niche program that can be expanded nationally.”
So how did this approach play out in the last quarter? Let's take a closer look:
Tesla Inc
Messner turned bearish on controversial automaker Tesla in Q1. They slashed the fund's holding of the stock by 38% to 61,550 shares valued at just over $17 million. The holding is now worth about 3.13% of the fund's total portfolio holding.
Was this a good idea? CEO Elon Musk is a non-stop whirlwind of new ideas. Tesla has just announced that it is in discussions to build a factory in Shanghai. This would boost the company's profile in the world's largest electrical vehicle market. Just as the market was digesting this news, another headline has appeared when Tesla announced that it is developing its own music streaming service.
The news has been very well received, with commentators noting that subscription services are a lucrative source of revenue and data. The service could easily be integrated into Tesla vehicles via the touchscreen dashboards and complements Musk's vertical integration ambitions- which involve them controlling all aspects of the vehicle manufacturing, delivery and use.
Top Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas has a hold rating on the stock with a $305 price target.  They are worried that tech giants will move into mobility and become competitors to Tesla. They see the music streaming service as a clever move that will enable it to offer original branded content rather than “just being a dumb pipe”
The Street is, overall, sidelined on Tesla with a fairly even split in the last three months between buy, hold and sell ratings. As the share price has continued to grow it has overtaken the average analyst price target of $285 which is now a -21% downside from the current share price of $367.
Micron Technology Inc
Messner showed a much more bullish attitude towards semiconductor giant Micron- ramping up the holding by a whopping 2479% to 245,000 shares worth close to $8 million.
The company is due to report fiscal third quarter earnings results today after the close of trading. The market is confident in its expectations given that the stock is up by 44% on a year to date basis. Consensus for the quarter comes in strong at EPS of $1.51 on revenue of $5.41 billion, boosted by a very lucky situation of tight supply and demand for DRAM random-access memory and NAND flash memory, increasing prices, and cost reductions.
The outlook for the stock is very strong say analysts. For example, JP Morgan analyst Harlan Sur told investors not to be fear a supply glut from China as the technology there is so far behind that it will take at least a decade to catch up with Micron. Loop Capital Markets analyst Betsy Van Hees goes even further and says they see “no near-term negative catalysts” for the stock.
MU is a top pick from the Street in general. In the last three months, the stock has received 16 buys, 1 hold and 1 sell rating giving it a very strong buy analyst consensus rating. The average analyst price target of $38 also translates into significant upside potential of 19.7% from the current share price of $32.
Apple Inc
Better late than never for Michael Messner- the hedge fund manager has now initiated a new position in tech giant Apple with the addition of 171,687 shares valued at $24.7 million (about 4.5% of the total portfolio).
The iPhone is now celebrating its 10th year anniversary- and to celebrate Apple will launch its much-hyped iPhone 8 later this year. While most of the market is very excited about the upcoming release, KeyBanc's Andy Hargreaves has just reiterated their bearish hold rating with a $145 price target- which is basically where the stock is trading now. They say that the Apple's services business has almost peaked, and is predicting that the rate of growth for the App Store will slow significantly. For Apple to double its service revenue by 2020, Hargreaves says the company will have to make “incredibly successful new service launches or acquisitions.”
Like Messner, the Street has a very confident outlook for Apple with a Strong Buy analyst consensus rating. In the last three months, the stock has received 25 buys, 6 hold and no sell ratings. Meanwhile, with an average analyst price target of $164, analysts are predicting 14% upside from the current share price over the next 12 months.
Browse > Home Libs & Trads / Woman Who Believes Church Has No Respect For Women Can't Wait To See Fifty Shades Of Grey
Woman Who Believes Church Has No Respect For Women Can't Wait To See Fifty Shades Of Grey
South Jordan, UT––Citing the Catholic Church's centuries old “tradition” of misogyny and overall hatred toward women, local Catholic Debra Wilhelm told friends and family today that she, nevertheless, could hardly wait another moment for the release of the new Fifty Shades of Grey film.
“The Catholic Church is not only one of the most anti-woman institutions in the world, but it has also been led by some of the most chauvinistic men, whose violent and carnal sexual appetites could've made Satan blush,” Wilhelm said of the Church as they flipped through their heavily marked and highlighted copy of the erotic romance.
“If we allow unenlightened and unsophisticated Catholics like Matt Fradd to continue putting a spin on the Church's sexist attitudes, the Church will continue to treat us like we're lesser beings,” Wilhelm continued to say as they sat in a hand basket wondering where they were going. “Women will never be able to attain the dignity we deserve. The hierarchy of the Church will continue to bind us, restrain us, and subjugate us, always looking for a way to make us submissive to their selfish desires. They will continue to deny us the right to freely hand over our own free will to a rich, sexy man.”
According to the wireless security researchers at AirTight Networks, this Saturday, August 9th at 4:30PM in the Riviera Las Vegas, they will be sharing with DEFCON 16 their findings about self destructive behavior spotted in select open source and commercial wireless LAN Access Points. Below is a sneak peek at what the presentation will cover, in AirTight's own words: An autoimmune disorder is a condition that occurs when the immune system mistakenly attacks and destroys healthy body tissue. This presentation is about discovery of autoimmunity disorder in select open source and commercial 802.11 AP implementations. By sending specially crafted packets, it is possible to trigger autoimmunity disorder and cause AP to turn hostile against its own clients. Eight examples of autoimmune disorder will be demonstrated. Autoimmunity disorder can be exploited to craft new DoS attacks. Although 802.11w promises immunity from DoS attacks, we show that autoimmunity disorder leaves a door open through which DoS attacks can still be launched. One example of DoS attack against MFP(11w) will be demonstrated.
Similarities between biological systems and security systems have been known for years. Both systems are known to possess some degree of attack resistance (self defense) capability.
An autoimmune disorder is a condition that occurs when the immune system mistakenly starts attacking and destroying healthy body cells. This suicidal tendency is known to exist in biological systems. We spotted similar self destructive behavior in WLAN Systems. An attacker only needs to inject a stimulus to trigger self destructive behavior. The rest of the damage is inflicted by the AP upon its own clients.
During the presentation we'll show an example stimulus packet which will cause a select set of WLAN APs to turn against their own clients. This attack exploits implementation bugs (not protocol flaws) in select open source and commercial WLAN APs.
We'll demonstrate eight additional examples. These attacks do not make WLANs any more vulnerable than they already are – except that they cause destruction by triggering suicidal tendencies imbedded in faulty software code of WLAN APs.
Cisco's self defending WLAN network implement Management Frame Protection (MFP). MFP capability is supposed to make Cisco WLAN networks attack resistant.
We'll show an example stimulus packet which will turn a Cisco self defending WLAN AP into a self destructing WLAN AP!
Security software is very hard to get right until extreme care is taken in designing and coding it correctly. View more information about this DEFCON 16 presentation.
Do YOU believe it's possible that a Cisco self defending WLAN AP can be turned into a suicidal self-destructing WLAN AP? http://www.BradReese.Com Search 49,398 current Cisco Job openings worldwide.
The most advanced lucid dreaming supplement today. Join the lucid dream revolution!
Lucid dreaming guide to the inner self
In a previous post, we talked about what astral projection is , and how to perform astral projection . We mentioned in that discussion that it is possible to go to the astral plane, and that there is a tether people call “the silver cord” that binds the astral body to the physical body. But what are the astral plane and the silver cord exactly? And why are they relevant to astral projection?From the ancient Greek mythologies, to Judeo-Christian religions, to Far-Eastern philosophies and everything in between, many cultures from all over the world have their own interpretation of the astral plane. But common denominators arise: that the astral plane is a place where angels, spirits, and other cosmic beings reside. It is the place where the astral body travels or crosses, depending on the religious or philosophical belief, from death to the final resting place, or from death to rebirth.It is also recognized by many as the “emotional plane”, because the astral plane reacts to our emotions and thoughts and desires, a counterpart to the tangible, physical realm. Whereas the physical realm is interacted with and manipulated by our bodies, the astral plane is done so with our astral body and our emotions. This is so, because it is believed that our astral bodies carry within them, or even are composed entirely of, pieces of the astral plane itself.As we have discussed before, the astral plane can be visited through astral projection, and be “skimmed” during a near death or out-of-body experience. This happens when the astral body leaves the physical body. But during such an event, the astral body, while free, is not without an anchor. After all, the astral body needs to return to the physical body somehow, lest it be lost to the aether. To prevent this from happening, the astral body and the physical body are connected by what's known as “the silver cord.”Put it simply, as the name implies, the silver cord is a silver-colored cord that connects the astral body to the physical body. In many fields of philosophy and metaphysical studies, it is described as being strong, almost indestructible, yet soft and elastic that can stretch and flex to make sure that the astral body is truly tethered to the physical one.But while it is almost without limit, the silver cord also makes sure that the astral body doesn't wander off too far, and many people have been snapped back to their physical bodies after traveling some great distance away.As mentioned above, the astral plane is populated by cosmic entities, both benevolent, and otherwise. Now, this can be quite a scary prospect at first glance, but if you think about it, it's no more dangerous than walking down a populated street, where you have no idea who and what can attack you at any moment.The good thing about the astral plane is that your own astral body's frequency will affect who you will be attracting there. An astral body that is full of fear or aggression will be bound to attract the more malevolent beings that reside there, like a wounded fish in a sea that has sharks, or driving in a bad neighborhood in the middle of the night with your windows down and a sign that says “I'm rich!”But it is inevitable that sometimes, we do feel fear in the astral plane, so when this happens, you can call on your spirit guides, your angels, and overcome your fear and project a frequency of love and compassion (like changing the radio station to get a better one) and this will attract the more benevolent beings of the astral plane that will keep you safe from harm.With regards to the silver cord, we cannot know for sure whether or not the severing of the cord during an astral projection would result in death. After all, anyone who might have perished doing this will have no way to confirm it for us. But there are ways to make sure we do not put our silver cords at risk.First, make sure that when the silver cord is fully stretched and taut, to give it some slack. This usually happens when you have traveled too far. While it might be tempting to truly go beyond what your mind can perceive, the pull coming from a stretched cord is something we should not take lightly. So, go back.Second, if malevolent entities are attracted to your cord, steer clear from them, and if they are following, like the tips above, call on your guides and angels for help.Third, travel prepared. A strong, unfearing mind will help keep the silver cord strong and free from the attention of malevolent beings. If you are stressed, weakened, or not in a good state of mind, don't astral project and bring your silver cord at risk.And finally, when in doubt, go back. If you feel uneasy while astral projecting, go back to your physical body, fast.Remember and understand these things, and you will have a more pleasant and fulfilling astral projection experience. It also helps to have a binaural beat track for astral projection to prepare your mind for it, like this one!
DATE: Nov 19, 2014 | BY: Brent McKnight | Category: Sci-Fi
There's been a lot of talk about the upcoming trailer for Star Wars: The Force Awakens, which could drop anywhere from later this week to the end of the year, and we've heard a couple different accounts (one report describes it like THIS, while another like THIS). Though we'll have to wait and see it for ourselves, a new report indicates that we might get our first look at the new villain in the trailer.
I still don't know if you can spoil a trailer, but there may be some spoilers for the trailer beyond this point. You've been warned.
According to Latino Review, some test audiences in Europe have seen the short, minute-long trailer for The Force Awakens, and as there are now multiple sources, some pieces of this puzzle have multiple reports backing them up. We've heard that the footage features flashes of the characters fading in and out of black, and while that's still in play, these images apparently aren't all going to be the good guys.
The villain, who has alternately been called the Inquisitor (different from the one in Star Wars Rebels), cyborg, Jedi Hunter, and other things over the last few months, will also pop up. The character is described as looking as a combination of one of the Imperial Guards from Return of the Jedi and Darth Revan from Knights of the Old Republic, which actually sounds like a badass mixture.
Here are some photos for reference, one of the Imperial Guards…
…and one of Darth Revan.
We still don't know exactly when this trailer will appear. Some have said it could show up with The Hunger Games: Mockingjay—Part 1 this weekend, which seems ridiculously soon, especially if they're just showing it to test groups now. December seems more likely, which isn't all that far away in reality. A few people suspect it could appear with The Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies, which is a thing we keep forgetting about, but it's also possible that it may drop with Disney's Into the Woods on Christmas day. That's certainly a way to attract a demographic not super interested in a fairy tale musical.
Odds are, when we do finally set eyes on the Star Wars: The Force Awakens trailer, it will just give us more questions than answers, but isn't that how it should be? Anyway, the new discussion threads will help us fill the time between then and December 18, 2015 when the movie finally opens. And honestly, who the hell cares if it's vague or oblique because we're super close to seeing actual new Star Wars footage, and that's damn exciting.
The"dog days" of summerofficially came to an end this week, but few people know what theexpressionreally means. The phrase actually has a celestial origin.
Somewill say that summer's"dog days" signify hot sultry days "not fit for a dog," while otherssuggestit?s the weather in which dogs go mad.
Butthe "dog days" are actuallydefined as the period from July 3 through Aug. 11 when the DogStar, Sirius,rises in conjunction (or nearly so) with the sun.
(Thissky map shows where tofind Sirius at sunrise in mid-August. Sirius is the brightest star inthe nightsky.)
Asa result, some felt that thecombination of the brightest luminary of the day (the sun) and the brighteststar of night (Sirius) was responsible for the extreme heatthat isexperienced during the hieght of the summertime. Other effects,according tothe ancients, included droughts, plagues and madness.
Amore sensible view was putforward by the astronomer Geminus around 70 B.C. They wrote::"It is generallybelieved that Sirius produces the heat of the 'dog days,' but this isan error, for the star merely marks a season of the year when the sun?sheat isthe greatest."
Dogstar, Nile days
Inancient Egypt, the New Year began with the return of Sirius. It was, infact,the "Nile Star" or the "Star of Isis" of the early Egyptians.
Interestingly,some 5,000 years ago, this ?heliacal rising? (appearing to rise justprior tothe Sun) occurred not in August, as is the case today, but rather on,or aroundJune 25. When they saw Sirius rising just before the Sun, they knewthat the "Nile Days" were at hand. Its annual reappearance was awarning topeople wholived along the Nile River.
Thestar always returned just before the river rose, and so announced thecoming offloodwaters, which would add to the fertility of their lands. Peoplethenopened the gates of canals that irrigated their fields.
Seriousabout star Sirius
Priests,who were the calendarkeepers, sighted the first rising of the DogStarfrom their temples. At the temple of Isis-Hathor at Denderahis a statue ofIsis, which is located at the end of an aisle lined by tallcolumns.
Ajewel was placed in the goddess?forehead. The statue was oriented to the rising of Sirius, so that thelightfrom the returning Dog Star would fall upon the gem. When the priestssaw thelight of the star shining upon the gem for the first time, they wouldmarchfrom the temple and announce the New Year.
Inthe temple appears theinscription: ?Her majesty Isis shines into the temple on NewYear?s Day, andshe mingles their light with that of their father Ra on thehorizon.?
Thisweek, justbefore sunrise,Sirius might again be glimpsed rising just above the southeast horizonforthose living in mid-northern latitudes. At more southerly latitudes,Sirius isalready conspicuous, twinkling above the horizon at dawn.
Siriusis thebrightest star of the constellationCanis Major, the ?Greater Dog? in Latin. According toBurnham?s CelestialHandbook other names for it include ?The Sparkling One? or ?TheScorching One.?
Thestar appearsa brilliant whitewith a tinge of blue, but when the air is unsteady, or when it is lowto thehorizon as it is now, it seems to flicker and splinter with all thecolors ofthe rainbow. At a distance of just 8.7 light years, Sirius isthefifth-nearest known star. Among the naked-eye stars, it isthe nearest of all,with the sole exception of Alpha Centauri.
The Brightest Stars in the Sky
Gallery - Stars and Galaxies
Beginner Astrophotography Telescopes
JoeRao serves as an instructorand guest lecturer at New York's Hayden Planetarium. They write aboutastronomyfor The New York Times and other publications, and they are also anon-camerameteorologist for News 12 Westchester, New York.
New data on police foreknowledge of terrorists raise questions on Paris attack
By Kumaran Ira
27 November 2015
Since the November 13 terrorist attacks in Paris, new revelations have provided more evidence that Islamist elements who launched the attack were well known to the intelligence services before the attack that killed 130 people.
These details are of the greatest political significance. They contradict official claims that the attackers evaded the attention of French and European intelligence, and that the only way to prevent new attacks is to accept a permanent state of emergency and police-state measures. If the terrorists were able to plan and execute such a massive, coordinated attack, it was because intelligence agencies did not use the powers they already have to prevent attacks that were carried out by Islamist terrorist forces with which they have close political ties.
On November 25, the New York Times reported that Belgian authorities had a list of suspected Islamists that included the Belgian residents who were involved in the Paris attacks. It wrote, “a month before the Paris terrorist attacks, Mayor Françoise Schepmans of Molenbeek, a Brussels district long notorious as a haven for jihadists, received a list with the names and addresses of more than 80 people suspected as Islamic militants living in their area.”
Citing sources inside Belgium's security services, the Times wrote, “the list included two brothers who would take part in the bloodshed in France on Nov. 13, as well as the man suspected of being the architect of the terrorist plot, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, a Molenbeek resident who had left for Syria to fight for the Islamic State in early 2014.”
Schepmans said, “What was I supposed to do about them? It is not my job to track possible terrorists.” They noted that this is “the responsibility of the federal police.”
Abaaoud, who died in the massive police raid in Saint-Denis last week and was believed to have orchestrated the attacks, lived in Molenbeek. Known to police since 2002, they received multiple prison sentences between 2006 and 2012. They came to the attention of the intelligence services in February 2014, when they appeared in an Islamist video driving a truck dragging the corpses of nonbelievers. Six months later, international arrest warrants were issued for him.
The two brothers cited by the Times, Brahim and Salah Abdeslam, also lived in Molenbeek. Brahim blew themselves up on the boulevard Voltaire and their brother, Salah Abdeslam, is currently on the run.
Police also had a file on Omar Ismaïl Mostefai, a suicide bomber at Bataclan theater, even before they travelled to Syria in 2013, while Sami Amimour, a gunman at the Bataclan, had been detained in 2012 due to suspected terrorist links.
Already before the Times report, numerous media outlets had revealed that most Islamists involved in the November 13 attack were known to security forces. Since the Paris attacks, a growing number of experts on French Islamism have expressed amazement that such figures were allowed to operate in France and prepare the attacks.
When Abaaoud was identified as a possible orchestrator of the attack, David Thomson, a journalist specializing in jihad in France and author of French Jihadists, wrote: “if this report is substantiated, what would be involved would be far more than astonishment at a meltdown of the security services.”
Thomson explained, “One must understand who this man is.  They are the public face of the French-speaking jihadi world. Their face was displayed for several days last year round-the-clock on all France's major news channels. In 2013 and 2014, on their own Facebook page, under their true identity, they posted videos of themselves on the Syrian front, grenade launcher in hand, calling for people to join him.”
Abaaoud's ability to travel in Europe and plan and obtain supplies for a major terrorist attack can only be explained by the close ties between Islamist terrorist circles and French intelligence, who uses them to go fight in the imperialist war for regime change in Syria. Under these conditions, the Paris attackers were able to exploit what amounted to official protection for their operations from sections of the French state.
The Socialist Party (PS) government's claims about the attacks are rapidly being discredited, among rising disputes inside the state apparatus and the security services. Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve had claimed, “A zero-risk situation faced with such actors, who have declared war on our country and on Europe … that doesn't exist.”
In fact, amid deep divisions inside French imperialist circles over how to proceed, sections of French intelligence are criticizing the PS' all-out support for regime change in Syria for blocking police operations in France. “Since the arrival of [PS Foreign Minister] Laurent Fabius at the Quai d'Orsay, all contacts with Damascus have been cut, because Paris is betting on the fall of the regime. … All the French jihadists are going there,” said Bernard Squarcini, a top intelligence official under conservative President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Squarcini told Valeurs actuelles that Prime Minister Manuel Valls refused an offer from Syrian intelligence, passed through Squarcini, to provide more details on French jihadists fighting in Syria. Valls' refusal was motivated by “ideological reasons,” Squarcini said.
This policy is rooted not only in the aggressive foreign policy of French imperialism and its NATO allies, including the United States, but the escalating social and economic crisis of European capitalism. The ruling elites are happy to rely on Islamist terrorist groups as instruments of their foreign policy overseas, while using their operations to justify massive assaults on democratic rights at home. This makes a mockery of the so-called “war on terror.”
The PS, whose austerity policies obtained a 3 percent approval rating in one poll last year, is handing over sweeping powers to police in a 3-month state of emergency, and planning to write a permanent state of emergency into the French constitution.
After the Paris attacks, the right-wing Belgian government of Prime Minister Charles Michel declared a security emergency last weekend citing an imminent terrorist threat, ordered the shutdown of entire neighbourhoods, and launched vast police-military operations, ostensibly to arrest Islamist suspects. In fact, only one individual was detained.
This led to broad charges, including within sections of the political establishment, that the government was manipulating events for its own political purposes. (See: “Official justifications for Brussels lockdown unravel”)
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
This beer tastes good. That's all I have to say. The truth is that when picking up a new craft beer you never know what to expect. I have been burned many times before when I was told by people to give certain types of craft beer a try, and then after one sip you realize it was a bad decision. Now I know that everyone has different tastes in beer and I respect yours, but don't force me to drink something just because you like it.
Great Lakes Brewing Company Dortmunder Gold Lager! To celebrate Terri from drunkenvinyl.com being a guest on this Sunday's edition of Bumming with Bobcat, I asked them for one of their picks for the beer of the week. After hitting up a few different liquor stores I finally came across one of their favorites, and that was the
Coming in at 5.8% ALC by VOL. and 30 IBU their beer goes down real fast and is real smooth. It's hard for me to even describe the taste or find another beer to compare it to. Like I said in the first line of the post, it just tastes good and is really enjoyable. That's all. I found myself finishing the first one and quickly grabbed a second one right away to continue doing my research.
What are Terri's thoughts on the beer? "Dortmunder gold. I put that shit in everything! 😁 And you can cook with it ya know. They actually have recipes on the website."
The Great Lakes Brewing Company was established in 1988 as a brewery and brew pub in Cleveland, Ohio that still remains in it's original location today. The Dortmunder is the GLBC's first beer and the brewery's best seller. I am happy to induct the Great Lakes Brewing Company Dortmunder Gold Lager as the BWB Beer Of The Week!
Music and beer. Does it get any better? I am happy to welcome Ms. Drunken Vinyl herself, Terri from drunkenvinyl.com to this weeks edition of Bumming with Bobcat to talk about the wonderful world of beer and music! Drink. Spin. Repeat. Don't forget to spring forward and tune in LIVE this Sunday at 11am ET to join the party and enjoy the show! Cheers!
China's economy grew 6.9 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier, slightly faster than expected, supported by a government infrastructure spending spree and a frenzied housing market that is showing signs of overheating.
Analysts polled by Reuters had expected the economy to expand 6.8 percent in the first quarter, the same pace as in the fourth quarter of 2016.
The first-quarter growth pace was the fastest since the third quarter of 2015.
The government is aiming for growth of around 6.5 percent in 2017, slightly lower than last year's target of 6.5-7 percent and the actual 6.7 percent, which was the weakest pace in 26 years.
While China's data has been largely upbeat so far this year, many analysts widely expect the world's second-largest economy to lose steam later in the year as the impact of earlier stimulus measures starts to fade and as local authorities step up their battle to rein in hot housing prices.
Gross domestic product (GDP) in January-March rose 1.3 percent quarter-on-quarter from the previous three months, compared with growth of 1.7 percent in October-December, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Monday.
Analysts had expected quarterly growth would ease marginally to 1.6 percent.
Not only did the Toronto Blue Jays have one of baseball's worst starting rotations in 2013, they did nothing to improve it last off-season. It's safe to say that they could have replicated last year's 4.81 ERA without surprising too many people.
Instead, like so many elements of the 2014 Blue Jays, the rotation has been a surprising source of strength for a team that has worked its way to the top of the American League East standings. The way the Blue Jays are hitting home runs, it's easy to miss that their rotation ERA has improved by more than a run to 3.75. R.A. Dickey, Toronto's opening day starter, won't mind a bit if the starters' success stays undetected.
“We stink,” R.A. Dickey joked after their most recent start. “We're going to keep stinking, too. We're happy to be under the radar. We're happy that people don't, as a staff, give us any respect. It's OK.”
That might change soon. With the fifth-best rotation ERA in the American League, the Blue Jays starting staff has provided much-needed stability.
“I think we're just pushing deeper into games and I think collectively we're throwing more strikes,” Dickey told Sportsnet. “I think a lot of it has to do with momentum, too. We all have a little confidence.”
As a result, the Blue Jays are positioned to make a playoff run, one year after their current core was first expected to.
“I've always known we had a good team. I thought the same thing last year, so obviously I was wrong last year,” Mark Buehrle said. “Everything's coming together.”
Big Three
Despite the efforts general manager Alex Anthopoulos made to bolster Toronto's rotation with a frontline starter, the Blue Jays stayed quiet when trades fell through and Ervin Santana preferred the Atlanta Braves.
Yet the top of the rotation has been effective nonetheless thanks in large part to their success limiting home runs. In Dickey, Buehrle and Drew Hutchison, the Blue Jays have three starters with ERAs below 3.95 in 65 innings or more.
Buehrle has been the staff's most effective starter so far. Even if we set aside the gaudy 9-1 win-loss record, they have been one of baseball's best pitchers this year with a 2.33 ERA through 11 starts.
Not convinced that a 35-year-old with an 83 mph fastball can dominate? Consider that in the last calendar year they have a 3.09 ERA in 210 innings and ranks 15th in MLB with 4.2 wins above replacement. Look beyond Buehrle's hot start, and we're still talking about an excellent starter.
“The larger picture for me is much more important than the present. Just the consistency. The innings, the starts. Consecutive starts,” Dickey said. “Regardless of what their numbers end up at, at the end of the year, you know that he's going to be pushing 200 innings and you know that he's going to pushing, who knows how many wins and how many quality starts, which I think is a really good measurement for consistency.”
By that measure, Dickey has also produced, with eight quality starts in their 11 outings. Part of their recent success comes from increased velocity on their knuckleball and fastball thanks to some improved health. They have also worked to keep the ball down, which has helped reduce home runs.
“When I had the lower velocities last year when I was a little bit under the weather, it was tough to get away with mistakes,” they said. “I've gotten away with a few mistakes this year, simply because the velocities are high.”
Then there's Hutchison, the 23-year-old right-hander whose hard-throwing approach couldn't be much more different than those of Buehrle or Dickey. With a 3.88 ERA through 11 starts, they have impressed against some tough competition.
“Overall I think I've thrown the ball well,” Hutchison said leading up to their most recent outing. “If I continue to go out and try to go deep into the games, I can keep giving our team a chance.”
Back of the rotation questions
For all the improvement, the Blue Jays still have questions at the back of the rotation. At their best, J.A. Happ induces weak fly balls and swings and misses by pitching up in the strike zone. It sure worked against the Oakland Athletics Sunday, and the left-hander deserves credit for their 3.34 ERA.
But when Happ struggles, opponents go deep, as evidenced by a career home run rate of 1.1 per nine innings. A fly ball pitcher, he's not a natural fit for the stadium John Gibbons has called ‘home run heaven.'
In Liam Hendriks, the Blue Jays have a pitcher who was consistently hit hard in three seasons with the Minnesota Twins. Despite their respectable Toronto debut and fantastic triple-A ERA of 1.48, they have allowed 208 hits, including 32 home runs, in 167.2 career innings. That's got to be worrisome for the Blue Jays.
Improved depth
Even with questions at the back of the rotation, the Blue Jays have better starting depth than they did a year ago. As Anthopoulos pointed out leading into the season, the 2014 Blue Jays won't have to rely on fringe starters such as Dave Bush and Ramon Ortiz the way they did in 2013.
Brandon Morrow could provide a mid-season boost if rehab from a strained right index finger goes as planned (even if they return, they must show improved command). Marcus Stroman looms as a potential mid-season contributor, though their bullpen debut showed there are no guarantees. Sean Nolin, now on the minor league DL with a groin injury, could also contribute.
Going forward
While the Blue Jays have improved considerably, they still can't be completely sure what they'll get from their fourth and fifth starters. Plus, advanced metrics such as a 4.33 xFIP suggest Toronto's rotation is due for some regression when opponents start connecting for a few more home runs. There's no doubt that trade speculation surrounding Jeff Samardzija and others will continue.
But none of that should take away from the success that the current rotation has enjoyed under pitching coach Pete Walker. They're keeping the team in games and then some, and have helped turn the Blue Jays into a contender. Keep pitching like this, and they'll get their share of respect, too.
Always good to report on an arcade raid over here in the UK, as sadly for us British collectors, these tend to be few and far between. As stashes of arcade machines get discovered over the years, finding out about new ones becomes more difficult. But they do happen, and proves that these machines are still out there waiting to be discovered. Often, these “raids” come about by pure chance. This is one example of discovering a haul of cabinets as a result of a random conversation about the hobby.
Collector Phill Burton happened to be talking to a friend one day earlier this year, and the subject Phill's passion for arcade collecting came up.
My friend started to tell me that as a kid they used to hang around at a neighbor's house as they'd built a hangout for their sons and their mates, as there really was no where else to go in the small village. Said hangout was an out-house with a pool table, air hockey and 15+ arcade machines! They went on to say that as the kids grew up the machines fell into disrepair and were stored in the garage (the hangout became a gym). Then they said a couple of years ago they were going to hire a skip and get rid of the lot!! They took my number and told me he'd pass it on to their mate…
Sure enough, two days later, Phill received a phone call telling them that the machines were still there, and that the owners never got round to hiring a skip to get rid of them as they had originally planned. This was great news. Arrangements were made with Phill to pop over, take a look at the machines and hopefully make an offer to clear the lot. This was a perfect scenario: a seller with a room full of untouched “junk” who was going to bin everything anyway, and an eager collector, happy to pay a fair price for the machines.
On arrival, Phill was ushered across a field to an isolated outhouse. Once in, they clambered over all sorts of junk – the type of thing you'd expect to be stored in such a place – boxes, tables, benches and old gym equipment. At the back of the room was a door slightly ajar, that had to be climbed up to see what was on the other side.
One of the lads showing me around perched atop a bench that was balanced on its end, and illuminated a small crammed space on the other side in a way that only an inadequate torch from a smartphone can muster. Standing on the tip of my toes, I popped my head over the threshold of the door and the sight that met my eyes was nothing short of astounding.
Phill's eyes lit up. What they saw was an untouched treasure trove of filthy arcade cabinets, crammed into the small room:
There appeared to be some really interesting stuff, stored across two locations, the room mentioned above and a separate garage. Both were stuffed full of arcade gems from the late 80s and early 90s. Amongst the haul was a complete pinball table, a rare Sega Thunderblade sit down cabinet, several generic Jamma cabs, an Operation Wolf and a Terminator 2!
Taking photos of everything in the dark, the flash also revealed a Final Fight, Crude Busters, World Cup 90, a Speed Rumbler, a couple of generic Jamma cabinets, two fruit machines and a small cab with ‘Pacland' on the marquee.
So after climbing back out and dusting themselves down, Phill made a fair offer to remove everything, and the raid was on! After securing the help of 5 other collectors and setting a date with the owner to come and collect, the team arrived at the location, with vans and sack trucks ready to lug these machines out into the open.
As is often the case with raids, It's hard to see exactly what you're dealing with until you actually start moving stuff out. Especially given the location in this case, and the amount of gear packed into a small space. Phill described the plan:
The Thunder Blade and pin had been decluttered by the owner and the guys immediately investigated both with the usual prodding, attempts at cleaning off thick dust, the obligatory opening of any unlocked doors and a bucket load of photos and inevitable banter. We finally made our way over to the corner with the door, entered the arcade garage and set about propping open the garage door to the outside so that it wouldn't swing dangerously down. Facing into the room, now with it illuminated by the light from the open garage door, the guys set about investigating the cabs and properly studying their condition; it was clear that most, other then being pretty dusty, were in great shape and didn't even have the usual side scrapes.
The team got to work and started pulling the machines out, and hunted high and low for anything that might have been missed first time round:
Here's a top tip for you. Always bring arcade collector Vic along to a raid. He's handy with a dustpan and brush:
Cab by cab, they started lugging everything out into the open:
One of the nicer looking machines was this decent looking Titan Jamma cabinet that was running Speed Rumbler. An initial search revealed a nice bonus in the form of a squirrel's nest inside the coin door:
Good to see Vic working away with their brush again.
Interesting cab of the day was this dual screen cab that sported a “Section Z” marquee. A nicely engineered piece of kit this. Presumably the set up allowed spectators to watch game play as people played:
But the gem of the haul was surely the Thunder Blade. This mighty cab required four people to move it, and despite the obvious surface rust, it was in reasonable shape:
Let's not forget the fruit machines. There are guys out there who collect and restore these things, so they were rescued too:
(Once home, this machine was shedding 50p pieces!)
So once the cabs were hauled out into the open, it was time to get everything loaded up. Loading the cars looked like a fun challenge, but everything was taken away safe and sound by the end of the day:
All in all a good day's work. Great to see these lost machines rescued and back in action.
Once back home the guys were able to start testing things. Nothing appears to be beyond fixable, but as you'd expect there are issues to be fixed. The cabs are physically all very sound with no damp issues. The Operation Wolf PCB is dead. Phill managed to repair the Snow Bros PCB by replacing four RAM chips. The cab with the new large round buttons will need its monitor chassis replacing. The World Cup 90 will need a replacement PSU and it's PCB is displaying garbage, as is the Crude Buster PCB; and the Robocop PCB is missing backgrounds. I guess some of these are minor issues but it needs some knowledge to get them working properly again. But overall, it's a great collection in great condition.
Here's one of the Jamma cabinets cleaned up, with replacement round buttons and running the Snow Bros PCB:
The Terminator 2 had its main PCB professionally repaired by a friendly collector and its monitor repaired by a CRT specialist. Phill has a suspicion that the gun coil board and sound board are probably both dead too. But she's getting there!
Here's the final inventory of what was rescued:
Cab list:
– Lordsvale Playscene 33
– Pac-land cab (in a small Galaxy cab)
– Black Pyramid pinball
– Terminator 2
– Operation Wolf
– Section-Z 2 screen cab (Galaxy with an extra monitor on top)
– Europa coin jamma cab
– SuperStar deluxe jamma cab
– Crude Busters
– The Speed Rumbler
– Final Fight
– Final Fight cab with ‘Unigame' marquee
– World cup 90
– Sega Thunderblade sit-down
– 2x fruit machines
Found in the cabs:
– Snow Bros
– Robocop
– Wrestle War
– MVS 1-slot
– Final Fight
– a squirrel's nest
So this turned out to be an impressive haul. Great to see these cabinets saved and in the hands of collectors. Excellent work gentlemen!
Many thanks to Phill for allowing me to share these pictures and tell the story here on Arcade Blogger.
See you next week.
Tony
The community of Clearwater, B.C., is in shock and mourning after the mother of three young children was found dead.
No charges have yet been laid, but police are recommending a charge of first-degree murder against a man said to be the woman's estranged common-law husband.
Clearwater RCMP said the woman's body was found in their Stegg Road home at around 10 a.m. PT Monday morning, after police were called to check on them well-being.
Emergency response team members surrounded a home in Clearwater, B.C., Monday night. After a standoff with police, a man was arrested. Three young children who were also in the home were unharmed. (Daryl Huff/@firepebble/Twitter)
Police determined the death was due to homicide, and believe they were killed Sunday night. There was no sign of the children at the home.
The suspect, the woman's former partner, was arrested Monday night following a seven-hour-long standoff with police at a home just outside of town, where three young children were also taken into custody.
Police said the children, who are all under the age of seven, were physically unharmed.
Professionals have been called in to interview the children to determine whether they were witnesses to their mother's death.
A close friend of the dead woman, whose name has not been released by police, told CBC News that their friend separated from their partner about a month ago.
A police helicopter provided surveillance from the air during Monday's standoff. (Daryl Huff/@firepebble/Twitter)
Clearwater Mayor John Harwood said they knew the victim well, and news of the tragedy is hitting them and many others hard in the community of just over 2,300.
"When it seems to happen in small towns, it affects so many more people," they said. "There is only one school, so the child that is in school attends that school, so that affects the children there."
They said counsellors were being brought in to help teachers and students at the elementary school.
Clearwater is a district municipality in B.C.'s North Thompson River valley, approximately 130 kilometres north of Kamloops.
Published by Steve Litchfield at 6:27 UTC, April 5th 2016
One of the almost unique features of Windows Phone and Windows 10 Mobile is that their Store applications are set up, by default, to automatically download and install updates (just as on the desktop). So, in daily use, apps will just 'magically' appear to gain functions and bug fixes, with no intervention. In contrast, iOS and Android default to notifying users of waiting updates when the relevant store application is run, relying on the user tapping to acknowledge and agree to update everything. Which approach is best? I contend the former, by a country mile.
The scenario is very, very common. You take a peek at a friend or relative's iPhone or Android device and see them in the relevant store for their OS (App Store or Play Store). On the iPhone, down at the bottom right, under 'Updates', you see a little flag showing '25' updates waiting. No doubt some of these are gimmicky extra features and upgrades, but I'll bet that a lot of these fix serious issues, including those related to security. And all the while the updates are ignored, they're living with potentially buggy and vulnerable apps and games. Now, if you know where to look in the global iOS Settings app, you'll find that 'Updates' can be toggled on under 'Automatic Downloads' - but this isn't trivial to find and I'll bet that 90% of iPhone users never get to it.
Updates waiting for me to manually kickstart them on both iOS 9 (see the little red number, bottom right) and Android 7.0...
Similarly on Android, where what you see depends on which devices you have, which manufacturer 'skin' is in use, and how your Play Store app is set up. In some cases, if you're lucky, there's an 'Updates available' line in the notifications shade, but the majority of people either swipe all that stuff away without paying attention or, in a surprising number of cases, don't even know that you CAN swipe down to show notifications. And, if they do venture into the Play Store then they'd have to tap on 'My apps & games' in order to see any waiting updates and would then need to tap on 'Update all'. Yes, there's a setting to turn on that will enable 'auto-updating over Wifi' but in my experience this is often not enabled by default. So we end up in the same position as on the iPhone, with regular users often lagging behind and with old versions of applications.
Regardless, things are done right, I contend on Windows, whether desktop, WP8 or Windows 10 Mobile, with the default for regular, novice users being to auto-update everything (over Wi-fi, but still on full automatic). In fact, this default is so significant that I have to remember on new devices at AAWP Towers to go into Settings in the Store app and disable the auto-updating in order that I can spot which application updates are new each day!
The default on Windows Phone and W10M - note that automatic downloads/updates are turned ON...
Surely this is how a software system should be set up, with updates pushed by developers and manufacturers, arriving, downloading and installing automatically, in the background with the user blissfully unaware that anything's going on (hopefully) - all they know is that their smartphone is, if anything, working better than it did the previous week and much better than it did the previous month. And, depending on the applications getting updated, perhaps with the odd 'Here's what's new' animation or info pane to inform and to (again hopefully) wow.
With my IT dept hat on, of course, auto-updating is anathema - updates might introduce new bugs and incompatibilities into previous stable computers and phones. They might. But far more worrying is a security vulnerability that might get discovered and patched by a developer, only for much of the OS or app's userbase to stay on the old, insecure version because of inertia and the lack of a way for the developer to 'push' fixes out to the world.
So, in a world where it's apparently trendy to bash Windows Phone and Windows 10 Mobile for all the things the platforms lack (much of which is misplaced IMHO), let's celebrate something which Microsoft definitely got right. The way in which Joe Average, the user of (say) a Lumia 640 is kept up to date without them having to lift a finger, and never being left vulnerable to bugs and insecurities.
Indeed, with applications and games being updated as needed in the background, there's a real sense that your smartphone is getting smarter every day. In fact, there's far more that's positive about the way in which Windows 10 Mobile has been conceived and launched - but I'll save some of that for a future editorial(!)
This summer holds one of the most important off-seasons in recent Laker history. The first step in a successful summer of player acquisition is draft well. What can the Lakers add to their perimeter play in the second round?
In between the blowouts, comebacks, Michael Jordan memes of the 2016 NBA Finals, the Lakers are quietly preparing for the personnel acquisition stage of the off-season. While Luke Walton chases a second ring to show off to their new young team, their proxy Brian Shaw has been doing due diligence with draft prospects in collaboration with the front office.
The number two pick is all but finalized. Reports have surfaced that the Sixers' front office is almost a lock to pick up Simmons, and Dragan Bender's stock has fallen inside the Lakers front office. The Croatian power forward was likely a reach at two anyway, but now it's almost a certainty that Brandon Ingram will be joining the Lakers' young core.
The only real mystery of the draft for the Lakers (barring an unforeseen draft day trade) is the destiny of the 32nd pick. The Lakers have found value in the second round before, most recently in standout guard Jordan Clarkson, and possibly in wing player Anthony Brown. Jim Buss has stated that adding even more young players to a team so filled with youth isn't optimal for when the team wants to contend. But the Lakers' scouting ability combined with their shortage in both depth and talent likely mean that second-round pick has a future in Los Angeles.
So who could Los Angeles select early in the second round? Though the Lakers could use talent in all forms at this point, the team's most glaring holes are at the small forward and the center position. With so many young players on the roster, especially ones like Randle, Ingram, and to an extent Russell who will need specific coaching and attention, the best option might be to pick someone at 32 who is a known commodity rather than a project player. While a player like Thon Maker might pan out well, the Lakers have had far more luck picking experienced players later in the draft like Clarkson, Nance, and Brown.
The team needs two positions and two skills: small forward and center, and shooting and defense. Sitting that high in the second round, Mitch Kupchak and Jim Buss will most likely be able to pinpoint those areas of needs and make an impact in at least one of them. Let's look at a few prospects who could make an immediate contribution alleviating some of the Lakers' perimeter issues.
Malcolm Brogdon
Source: Virginia.SportsWar.Com The four-year letterman out of University of Virginia just might be the perfect 3-and-D prospect for the Lakers. Picking them at 32 might be ambitious, but Larry Nance at the 27th pick of the 2015 Draft was a reach as well. That selection obviously panned out well, the Lakers shouldn't fear picking whoever they want at this point in the draft.
Last year's ACC Player of the Year led UVA to the Elite Eight last year, filling in the leadership and productivity void left by Justin Anderson's departure to the Spurs. Brogdon's an efficient scorer; they were one of the few players to score over 1.00 points per possession last year, while using over 17 possessions per game. What's even more relevant for the Lakers is that most of those points came out of off-ball screen actions and spot-up threes, an almost perfect fit for both Luke Walton's offense and D'Angelo Russell's likely ball dominance in the future. Brogdon shot almost 40% from three last year, and their 90% free throw rate forecasts nothing but good things in the NBA. While their shooting stroke is effective, it does lack some arc and could use some form work. Additionally, their offense is somewhat limited; he's not a crazy athlete and won't be blowing by defenders off the dribble. But he's a smart, unselfish player on offense who knows how to make the right play (his senior year assist/turnover ratio was 2.21).
Defensively, they give the Lakers exactly what they need: a long defender with big hands and tenacity. Their height isn't the prototype for a lockdown wing defender at 6'5'', but their 6'10'' wingspan lets them play a little bigger. Their stats don't show their true defensive potential; they don't gamble for steals and won't be blocking too many shots. Also, their lack of lateral quickness might stop them from being able to consistently stay in front of some of the more elite guards. But he's a smart defender who can especially excel in a good defensive system, which we all expect Luke Walton to implement.
Maybe being from Virginia is shading my perspective, but I think this is the exact type of pick the Lakers need to round out the backcourt. He'll be 23 on draft day, so there's limited upside; we already know what they bring to the table. Fortunately, they bring exactly what the Lakers need.
Jake Layman
Source: CollegeBasketball.AP.org Layman is another four-year player, coming from a pretty up-and-down career at Maryland. They scored less, took fewer shots, and rebounded less their senior year than they did their junior year. The biggest knock on Layman is their inconsistency. That Maryland team had plenty of other options offensively (including likely first-round picks Diamond Stone and Melo Tremble), and Layman almost seemed content to let others do the work offensively. That's not to say they can't be an offensive force; in Maryland's January victory against Ohio State, Layman scored 16 points on 5-7 shooting, going 4-5 from deep. They also pulled down ten rebounds that game, much higher than their 5.3 a game average.
Those are the reasons why he'd be available at #32. Why would the Lakers pick him? Because they have the potential to be a prototypical forward in the modern NBA. He's 6'8'', super athletic, long, and has potential to be whatever the Lakers need them to be. They could be a great shooter at the NBA level (40% 3P, 85% FT, 64% TS), and averaged at least a block and a steal every year of their collegiate career. Their advanced defensive statistics project them to be useful on that end as well, especially if Luke Walton and team can help focus their energy on that side of the ball.
With proper defensive coaching, their athleticism and length could allow them to guard three positions, possibly even using them as a Draymond Green type of player in small ball lineups. Layman isn't even close to the same league as Green when it comes to playmaking, but Green didn't have the same vision they have now as a rookie.
Their consistency and motivation are the two biggest question marks here. If he's properly locked in, they could be a versatile player for the Lakers to mold. Both Walton and Shaw have experience building relationships with players and motivating them to their full potential. If they see promise in Layman, they could be player worth taking.
Michael Gbinije
Source: Rich Barnes Full disclosure, I played against Michael Gbinije a couple of different times in high school, so there might be some more bias here. The Syracuse product sticks with the theme of four-year players; Gbinije transferred to Syracuse after spending most of their first-year student year on the Duke bench. They showed continuous improvement in their time playing for the Orange, and Jim Boeheim even had them playing point guard during certain points in the season.
I don't know if their ball-handling and playmaking are good enough to be a point guard at the next level, but they certainly will help make them more effective as a two guard or a three. He's a smart player; even though they averaged almost three turnovers a game, that's likely a result of the load they were asked to carry offensively for Syracuse.
As a playmaking wing, they have promise as a shooter, despite not having the most fluid shot. They can make catch-and-shoot threes and also can hit shots off the dribble. They would most likely learn to find their shots a little better with someone like Russell managing the ball, but could also serve as a secondary or even tertiary ball-handler to take some of the load off the Lakers' main playmakers. They had a few instances of being a little too aggressive at times and taking poor shots, but again, next-level coaching is primed to handle those issues.
Gbinije's lack of length could put a cap on their defensive potential, but they showed solid lateral quickness at the top of Syracuse's zone, and reportedly showed some promise as a one-on-one defender with the Nigerian national team.
Their age and experience make them an attractive option for the Lakers. They likely have the least upside of either of the three prospects discussed, but, like Layman, has tools that allow them to possibly play multiple positions in time.
Brogdon, Layman, and Gbinije all have the type of versatility that's attractive to NBA scouts. Layman and Gbinije will probably have a lot of incentive to show up during their workouts and impress some coaching staffs; that may affect their availability come draft day. But really, it's Brogdon who the Lakers should most covet. They bring two NBA ready skills with no questions about motor or motivation. He's a hard-worker with a full body of work to back it up. If he's still on the board at 32, they would be more than worth the Lakers' pick.
Even Mr. Khodakovsky, whose aunt's remains were later found in a well, has trouble accepting that line in its entirety. “It was terrible,” they said of the famine, and not at all unavoidable. Rather, they said, it was the result of Stalinist policies, particularly the sale of grain to finance industrialization.
Ukraine's 20th-century history is steeped in blood. After the famine, the country took the brunt of Stalinist-era repression and the violence of the eastern front in World War II, when upward of five million Ukrainian civilians died. In the current civil war, aside from the control of territory, nothing has been so fought over as this history.
Natalia S. Skrichenko, a history teacher, has been watching that process unfold all around them Soon after the separatists took over, Ms. Skrichenko and other history teachers in separatist-held areas of eastern Ukraine were told to throw their existing Ukrainian history texts into the trash.
For months, teachers improvised until the separatist Ministry of Education came out this year with new mimeographed guidelines, called “Materials for the Questions of History Teaching,” for use in the second semester this year — literally rewriting history midway through the school year.
“History doesn't change,” Ms. Skrichenko said philosophically about the new curriculum for students in rebel-held portions of Ukraine. “People just look at the facts with a new mentality. We don't really know what happened in the past. It's gone. All we can know is what we see through the prism of our own time.”
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Making Dennis Reynolds a Murderer Season 12 Episode 5 Editors Rating 3 stars * * * * * « Previous Next » Rob McElhenney as Mac, Glenn Howerton as Dennis.
True-crime stories never really go out of style, and the genre has been especially booming as of late. The O. J. Simpson trial spawned not one but two massively acclaimed TV series; Serial got America into podcasts; HBO made mincemeat of Robert Durst with The Jinx; and Netflix gave the Amanda Knox murder the glossy doc treatment, then found even more success with the highly addictive Making a Murderer. Whatever the video equivalent of a page-turner might be, filmmakers Moira Demos and Laura Ricciardi found it in the sad tale of Steven Avery, wrongfully imprisoned for a good chunk of their life due to police coercion. (Or was he?!)
As the title suggests, “Making Dennis Reynolds a Murderer” focuses its parody on the Netflix series, and a passing familiarity with the cast of characters greatly enhances a viewer's appreciation of the half-hour. Those who aren't amused solely by the Sunny-fication of the true-crime format, however, will find a lackluster episode light on jokes that leans a little too hard on familiar beats. It seems like forever ago that Dennis's willingness to reveal their cold-blooded, calculating seduction technique felt shocking; we've sunk so far that the suggestion that they may have taken another human life now feels like beating a dead horse. Or, in this case, beating a dead cat-woman.
Dennis' ex-wife and series regular Maureen Ponderosa — a.k.a. Bastet, feline Egyptian god-queen — has been found mangled and dead. Dennis instantly emerges as the primary suspect, and not just because he's got a lot of money tied up in Maureen's alimony and their stomach-churning “reverse-nipplectomy” surgical procedure. Most of the episode's gags come from the fact that Sunny has gradually exaggerated Dennis's mannerisms to the point where their behavioral profile pretty much fits that of a remorseless, sociopathic killer. He's a cool customer before the confessional interview camera, maintaining an off-putting facade of affable normalcy, and readily offering extraneous details to help the police along with their investigation. But beneath their polite veneer beats the heart … dramatic pause … of a serial crow murderer.
The revelation that Dennis tortured and murdered an innocent crow as a young boy alerts the presumed “documentarians” that there's a story here, just as little breakthroughs in true-crime accounts yank on one thread to unravel an entire plot. Acting-wise, Glenn Howerton has done most of the heavy lifting this season, and “Making Dennis Reynolds a Murderer” is no different. They fully lean into the archetype of the collected psycho, pushing the stock character to delirious extremes by engaging in a two-hour staring contest with himself. Cracks start to form in their exterior, as they must, and they very nearly outs himself. “I killed them all, of course,” would be a punchline if it came out of their mouth.
Everyone and everything else revolves around him. Dee, Frank, Mac, and Charlie all appear as character witnesses to corroborate or disprove Dennis's narrative, and each is less helpful than the last. As ever, Dee's got their sights set on stardom, appearing as Maureen in the dramatized reenactment sequences until a flea collar sears their skin like a lightsaber. Apart from discrediting Dee's testimony, Frank spends most of their time incriminating themselves with unsavory talk about the various soups he'd make from cats, children, hands, feet, whatever. Charlie and Mac each get one real scene apiece, and though Mac gets the money line about not understanding how Mystery Science Theater 3000 works, their reduced presence makes the episode feel thinner overall. At the cost of hewing faithful to the source of their parody, the script sequesters the characters in their own spaces and robs them of the group dynamic — the show's foundation and most appealing aspect.
The writers' choice to spoof the true-crime genre and Making a Murderer would seem to imply some affection for those things, but as the final scenes of the episode make clear, this is not so. As the scope pulls back to reveal that the episode has been “directed” by Mac and Dennis as the first part of a protracted documentary series, they conclude with some pointed potshots at the genre itself. Mac explains, “It's like eating a bag of chips: It's never gonna make you full, and at the end it makes you sick, but you're gonna come back for more.” They fleetingly knock the willful concealment of information for the sake of drama, and the use of resolution-free endings to keep audiences on the hook. Of course, both are perfectly valid criticisms of documentary ethics, a debate that rages in some of the tighter circles of cinephiles. If only the episode had offered more of that deconstruction as it went through its sordid paces, there'd be more to appreciate than Dennis's descent into broad madness. It's easy enough to ape the look of Making a Murderer, but a good parody should crack it open and poke at the mechanisms that make it work, too.
Other Notes:
• One of the clips of interstitial pseudo-news footage features actor Jay Jackson, who uses an awfully familiar cadence while delivering their strangely phrased report.
• Best line of the episode is a real barn burner this week. Maureen's death elicits the twin gems of “I guess … they wanted more nipples?” and “You have ever seen a grown woman take a dump in a sandbox?” Mac's utter disbelief that Mike Myers could have portrayed both Austin Powers and Fat Bastard is so perfectly expressed with, “Multiple characters in the same movie? What is he, a wizard?” But of course, the title remains with Frank yet again, always so cavalier about what a morally bankrupt person they are. As they hustle out of the building to flee a tense interview in a cab, they inform their driver, “I'm running away from an interview because I just got busted saying a lot of illegal stuff I definitely did.”
• Mac and Dennis say they enjoy tooling on the film Operation: Dumbo Drop, a 1995 comedy in which Ray Liotta and Danny Glover attempt to smuggle an elephant through an active combat zone during the American occupation of Vietnam. It is, to put it charitably, not great.
Story highlights Lionel Messi is accused of evading $4.6 million in taxes
Prosecutors say soccer star didn't pay tax owed on money earned from endorsements
(CNN) Soccer superstar Lionel Messi, regarded by many as one of the most talented players in the history of the game, is in court with their father to answer tax fraud charges.
Prosecutors allege the pair sought to hide the Barcelona forward's earnings in offshore accounts, amounting to the defrauding of the Spanish government to the tune of €4.1 million ($4.6 million). They could face a jail term of up to 22 months if found guilty.
JUST WATCHED Lionel Messi's messy tax scandal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Lionel Messi's messy tax scandal 01:46
The trial opened Tuesday, but injuries prevented the Argentina star from appearing. They and their father, Jorge Horacio Messi -- who manages their financial affairs -- are only obliged to appear Thursday in order to testify.
Spanish sport newspaper Marca reported that six witnesses, including principals from their former law firm, Juarez and Associates, and an expert have testified in court over the past two days that Messi did not have any knowledge of the contracts that they were signing, and that their father and brother were responsible for the documents.
"The mediator was always Jorge Messi or, occasionally, (his brother) Rodrigo Messi, but it was never Leo," the law firm's Inigo de Loyola Juarez testified.
Senior figures in Britain's Jewish community have cautiously welcomed the republication of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf for the first time since the second world war.
The most notorious antisemitic text of the 20th century, Mein Kampf (My Struggle), was originally published in two volumes in 1925 and 1926, and was the first systematic exposition of Hitler's thinking on race and the “Jewish peril” they believed was threatening Germany.
Since 1946, the copyright has been in the hands of the Bavarian state, which refused to consider a new edition. However, the copyright protection expires at the end of the year and on 8 January a new academic, or “critical”, edition will be launched by the Institute of Contemporary History in Munich, complete with comprehensive annotations.
German Jews have already expressed divided opinions on the republication. Levi Salomon, spokesperson for the Berlin-based Jewish Forum for Democracy and Against Antisemitism, told American media that they were “absolutely against” the publication, regardless of its annotations. “Can you annotate the Devil?” they asked. “Can you annotate a person like Hitler?”
Charlotte Knobloch, president of the Jewish Community of Munich and Upper Bavaria, said the book is dangerous. “It is a Pandora's box. One does not know what's going on within the reader's mind … It is the ideological basis of the mass, industrial extermination of the Jewish people.”
But just under two weeks from the new edition's launch in Munich, Richard Verber, vice-president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, said the board had faith in the academic and educational worth of the exercise. “We would, of course, be very wary of any attempt to glorify Hitler or to belittle the Holocaust in any way,” Verber told the Observer. “But this is not that. I do understand how some Jewish groups could be upset and nervous, but it seems it is being done from a historical point of view and to put it in context,” they said.
“The key is that the notes to the text really do refute Hitler's ideas with factual information. If that were not the case, the board of deputies would be worried. But the fact remains Hitler is one of the most famous, or infamous, leaders of the 20th century and anything that might put a dampener on that, by showing their views in a historical light, might actually be helpful.”
In a column for the Daily Telegraph last week, the editor of the Jewish Chronicle, Stephen Pollard, expressed sympathy with Knobloch's opposition, but wrote: “My principles tell me that republishing it is fine. At the very least, Mein Kampf is – obviously – an important historical work … Ideas, however awful, cannot be locked away. They have to be defeated.”
The republication comes as Europe's far-right nationalist parties are gaining ground. “With the rise of far-right groups in Ukraine, in Germany itself, and in France,” said Verber, “it is of concern, of course. There has always been a fascination with Hitler, ever since they were first in power, when Charlie Chaplin made fun of him. There is a macabre fascination, and that makes us nervous. If anything good comes out of this new edition, perhaps it might be that people are reminded of how powerful words alone can be in inciting hatred.”
As many as 4,000 copies will be printed of a volume that will run to almost 2,000 pages, as a result of 3,500 footnotes and comments. The edition was originally to have been produced in collaboration with the Bavarian state but, following complaints from Holocaust victims' families and from survivors in Israel, the Institute of Contemporary History decided to proceed independently.
The scholarly approach was welcomed, however, by Dan Michman, head of the International Institute for Holocaust Research at Yad Vashem in Israel, who told reporters: “What is sorely absent is a scientific, annotated edition which can be used in research, especially for younger Holocaust scholars. In this era of rampant Holocaust denial and distortion, it is important for the public at large to possess the knowledge previously only held by researchers and historians.”
The German justice ministry has ruled that no edition of Mein Kampf can be published without the additional analytical context. But Josef Schuster, president of the German Council of Jews, has talked of the perils surrounding new interest in Hitler's early writings.
“There is a great danger that [Mein Kampf] will increasingly be circulated on the market after the expiry of the copyright,” Schuster said. “Nevertheless, knowledge of Mein Kampf continues to be important in order to explain National Socialism and the Shoah. Therefore we do not object to a critical edition, contrasting Hitler's racial theories with scientific findings, to be at the disposal of research and teaching.”
The German teachers' association also took this view last weekend when it issued advice to schools that selected passage should be taught to students aged 16 and over. Josef Kraus, the head of the association, said it was the best way of combating the allure of the forbidden and could help to “inoculate adolescents against political extremism”.
Mein Kampf was written by Hitler during a period of imprisonment that followed the failed putsch in 1923. The book's style is famously convoluted and it would rank as neither a literary achievement nor an insightful historical document had it not been linked to Hitler's rapid rise to power. By the time they were chancellor in 1933, it was a bestseller and there were 13 million copies in circulation by the end of the war. It was regularly handed out to newlyweds in Nazi Germany as a kind of blessing by municipal officials.
German bookshop chains are not planning to promote the title.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi militias are conducting a campaign of torture and murder against men suspected of homosexual activity, a leading rights group said on Monday, adding that government security forces may be involved.
New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) said the killings began earlier this year in the poor Sadr City district of Baghdad, once ruled by Shi'ite Muslim militias, and had since spread to many cities across Iraq.
“The killers invade homes and pick people up in the street, witnesses and survivors said, interrogating them before murdering them to extract the names of other potential victims,” the rights group said in a statement.
Homosexual conduct is prohibited almost everywhere in the Middle East, but conditions have become especially dangerous for gays and lesbians in Iraq since the rise of religious militias after U.S.-led forces toppled Saddam Hussein 6-1/2 years ago.
Shi'ite Muslim militias once held sway over many areas of Baghdad and Iraq's Shi'ite south, but a series of government crackdowns in the past two years has weakened their presence.
Sunni Islamist militants such as al Qaeda have also spread religious intolerance.
HRW said it had been told that in some attacks Iraqi security forces had “colluded and joined in the killing.”
“Murder and torture are no way to enforce morality ... These killings point to the continuing and lethal failure of Iraq's post-occupation authorities to establish the rule of law and protect their citizens,” HRW researcher Rasha Moumneh said.
STIGMA, SECRECY
Iraq's Interior Ministry said accusations of the involvement of its forces in gay slayings must be accompanied by evidence. It also said secrecy and stigma attached to homosexuality means that few come forward with complaints of abuse.
“Unfortunately we do not get clear complaints on this issue. They (victims' relatives) consider talking about the subject worse than the crime itself, this is the nature of our society,” ministry spokesperson Major General Abdul-Karim Khalaf said.
The silence means it is difficult to know how many people have been killed in homophobic attacks, but HRW said hundreds may have died.
There is no law against homosexuality in Iraq, but it can be punished under laws meant to protect public order and morality.
In March, the bodies of four gay men were found in Sadr City, each bearing a sign reading “pervert” in Arabic, police said.
Many gay Iraqi men have fled to other countries, such as Turkey, out of fear for their lives.
HRW released a report in Beirut on Monday on abuses related to sexual orientation and gender in Iraq.
Its statement carried testimony from victims, including one man who said their partner of 10 years was taken from their home at night in April by four men dressed in black and wearing masks.
“He was found in the neighborhood the day after. They had thrown their corpse in the garbage. Their genitals were cut off and a piece of their throat was ripped out,” the man said.
Blu-ray + DVD + Digital HD + UltraViolet
Prometheus Blu-ray Review
Ridley Scott's flawed-but-magnificent return to sci-fi.
Reviewed by Casey Broadwater, October 8, 2012
The sacrificial Engineer...
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — OK kid, let's see what you can do.
The New York Mets have promoted top hitting prospect Michael Conforto from the minors and put outfielder Michael Cuddyer on the 15-day disabled list.
The weak-hitting Mets made the moves before Friday night's game against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Cuddyer hasn't played since Tuesday because of inflammation in their left knee. The move was made retroactive to Wednesday.
The 36-year-old Cuddyer is hitting .250 with eight home runs and 30 RBIs in 82 games. They won the 2013 NL batting title with Colorado, then signed a two-year, $21 million deal with the Mets last November.
The Mets selected Conforto's contract from Double-A Binghamton. The 22-year-old was the 10th overall pick in the 2014 draft from Oregon State.
Congrats to @mconforto8 for getting the call up! Wish you nothing but the best big man! #LGM — Brandon Nimmo (@You_Found_Nimmo) July 24, 2015
Conforto was batting .312 with five homers and 26 RBIs in 45 games at Binghamton after starting the year at high-A St. Lucie.
Conforto started in the All-Star Futures Game this month. They went 2 for 2 and threw a runner out at the plate.
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
The thing about entry-level smartphones is that companies get to cater to a wider demographic, such as emerging markets where consumers are extremely price sensitive, where the difference in $10-20 could make the difference in a customer deciding to go with your brand or a different brand.
However it also means that it is an extremely competitive market where like we said, pricing sensitivity is the key, and it looks like this is a market that HTC apparently has no more interest in. During the company's latest Q4 2016 results, HTC's president of smartphone and connected devices Chia-Lin Chang revealed that they plan on getting out of the entry-level smartphone business.
According to Chang, they described the market as being “ultra-competitive” and lacking a “profitability perspective.” This is an interesting move considering that in the past couple of years, save for the company's flagship phone, the rest of HTC's lineup appears to have been of the entry-to-mid range variety.
Like we said there is appeal to such devices, but given how competitive the field is, it makes sense for HTC to want to focus their resources on marketing and developing their higher-end devices, especially when you consider that the company's latest financials don't exactly look too good.
Filed in . Read more about HTC.
A wheel clack-clack-clacks and the numbers blur. More slowly now — clack, clack, clack — the numbers separate so you can find yours and follow it. Almost, maybe, just a little farther, you hope, you cross your fingers, you try to nudge the wheel with your mind. Finally, the last clack, maybe one more, and the wheel stops on a winning slot between 1 and 30.
Somewhere in the bar, somebody holds the tiny white square with the matching number.
“Come up,” yells the caller, “and pick your meat.”
The meat raffle: a quintessential Minnesotan bar tradition that plays out every night of the week in one working-class neighborhood's watering hole or another. Though its origins are unknown, its existence is as homegrown as tater tot hot dish. Buy a ticket for a dollar — the proceeds go to charity — and get a chance to win a shrink-wrapped packet of raw, pink flesh from a table at the back of the bar.
“What's not to like?” said Tina Nelson, a regular at the Knight Cap, a northeast Minneapolis tavern that holds meat raffles twice a week. “It's free meat!”
Along with pulltabs and bingo, meat raffles are a popular, almost expected form of recreation in bars, as well as fraternal and veterans' clubs like the Eagles and American Legion. They are part of Minnesota's $1.2 billion charitable gambling industry, one of the largest in the nation.
Johnna Lush held up a prize during a game of T-Bone Bingo at Grumpy's Bar in northeast Minneapolis.
“Gambling is an ingrained part of the culture in Minnesota,” said Gary Danger, compliance officer for the state Gambling Control Board.
And meat raffles' stake in that culture is only growing. While charitable gambling as a whole is only starting to rebound from a flattening during the recession, meat raffles have soared over the past seven years, Danger said. Once only found in rural areas, they are now happening all over the metro area, from dive bars to hipster haunts.
Even high-end establishments have gotten in on the action. Haute Dish, the North Loop's fancy/ironic take on Upper Midwest cuisine, held a weekly meat raffle for about six months.
“You weren't getting your typical pot roast,” said chef Landon Schoenefeld. “We were doing rib-eyes we trimmed down, or maybe a pack of homemade sausages.”
Ask anyone who grew up with a meat raffle why they do it, and you'll usually get a common-sense answer.
“Who doesn't like a good meat raffle?” Schoenefeld said.
Kiem Engelen of St. Louis Park is a meat-raffle die-hard. They and their husband hit a different one every night. They even went to a meat raffle on one of their first dates. Them husband wants to see someone invent an app that helps people locate the day's meat raffles.
“We have 2½ freezers,” Engelen said.
On Tuesdays, you'll find them at the Knight Cap, where self-proclaimed “meat wench” Kim Cousins calls out the winning numbers in a singsong smoker's rasp. On the table: boneless top round, pork chops, maple sausage and a packet of filet mignons, all from Hackenmueller Meats in Robbinsdale. The bacon was already snatched up.
“Number seventeen!” Cousins bellows.
Everyone at Engelen's table groans. It isn't their lucky night. The winner this round comes up to claim their fifth paper bag full of meat.
Some say meat raffles all began in this or that Northeast bar, but most believe it sprung up in rural areas shortly after World War II.
In fact, charitable gambling was legalized in Minnesota in 1945, but didn't extend to raffles until the 1980s. Still, meat raffles were a part of many Minnesotans' childhoods.
“That frozen chunk of meat thing probably comes from a farmhouse past,” said Amy Thielen, Food Network host of “Heartland Table” and author of “The New Midwestern Table.”
They added: “It's a kind of currency.”
Meat from Thielen's family's butcher shop (Thielen Meats) in the small Minnesota town of Pierz has been on offer at meat raffles for as long as they can remember. She'll still go to raffles in Nevis, Minn., with their aunt, who gets dressed up for the occasion.
“I'm like, ‘Why are you putting curlers in your hair?' and she's like, ‘Amy, we're going to the meat raffle!' ” Thielen said.
Though played year-round, meat raffles are a form of entertainment that gets people out of their homes during the long, cold months.
“It's the way we get through the winter,” said Mike Cashman, who plays often in the Brainerd area, and drove down to Minneapolis for the raffle/bingo combo at the Knight Cap.
Plus, winners can keep their bounty chilled just by leaving it in the car.
Betting on creativity
Most meat raffles are not actually raffles, but paddle wheels — games determined by a spinning wheel of chance. Some bars do drawings and others use another device called a tipboard. Minnesotans spent around $32 million on these types of games in fiscal year 2014, netting $10 million for charities.
Compared with a juggernaut like pulltabs, which brought in profits of $183.7 million last year, meat raffles “are not a big moneymaker,” Danger said. “But it's good entertainment and a good trade stimulant for the bar owner.”
Gambling to benefit charity is a concept that dates to the 1920s in the United States, said David Schwartz, director of the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
“It's basically saying people want to gamble and let's channel that in a way that's socially beneficial,” they said.
When it comes to meat raffles, Schwartz said the small-scale, grass-roots nature of charitable gambling may have contributed to such an original concept. (We can even boast of meat raffles being replicated in other small pockets of the country.)
“People get very creative when it comes to gambling, and for this to thrive it helps if you don't have a huge commercial industry,” Schwartz said. “If all you do is go to the local casino and play slots, you're probably not going to come up with all these creative ways to do it.”
Creativity continues to abound in Minnesota when it comes to gaming. It's legal to bet your money on everything from where a cow's droppings land to when a rubber duck crosses a finish line in a moving body of water.
Meat bingo?
Grumpy's Northeast has spun the meat raffle on its head by merging it with another popular bar game. Instead of cash or gift cards, at T-Bone Bingo winners get — you guessed it — T-bone steaks. And why not? “It's dinner, it's free, no one's going to say no to that,” said Liz Schreiber, the caller.
The game, which is raunchy with meaty innuendos, is also vegetarian-friendly; non-meat-eaters can select drink tickets for their prizes. There's also a “Price Is Right”-type challenge where contestants guess the price of a meat accessory. (On a recent Sunday, it was a Fleet Farm sausage stuffer.) The scene is younger than what you'll find at the local VFW.
But Henry Murray, 13, may be the youngest local meat-raffle enthusiast. Their mother, Tracy, picks them up from school and brings them along with them to the Knight Cap every week.
“It's our Tuesday,” Tracy Murray said. “If we win, we plan our meal around it.”
Henry's affinity for meat is in their blood. They said their great-grandfather founded Murray's Steakhouse, a downtown institution.
Sitting at a high table in the shamrock-bedecked Knight Cap — fish tank behind the bar and “Wheel of Fortune” playing on the TVs — Henry sipped a Coke from a plastic cup. What do they like about the weekly ritual?
“Winning,” they said plainly. “Meat.”
In front of him, their mother's pile of discarded raffle tickets and losing pulltabs grew.
“You guys wanna do one more?” Cousins asked as they held out a plastic box full of the little white numbers.
“Yeah,” said Henry, “and call my number this time.”
Another spin, another clack, clack, clack, and another groan. Henry dropped their head into their hands.
This month we bring you the world's first review of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Is it as good as we all hope? Can it possibly live up to the towering original? We punched criminals, hacked terminals, turned invisible and threw a vending machine off a rooftop at an army of gangsters to find out. You can read all about it in our eight page analysis in the September issue of PC Gamer UK which is landing with subscribers shortly, and will be available in print and on tablets on Wednesday 3rd August.
That's not all, of course. There are 122 more pages to account for. Read on to find out what else lies within the golden covers of our latest issue.
In this month's preview section, Tim takes a look at Star Wars: The Old Republic's endgame, Kim makes a horrible mess of the Emperor's children in Space Marine, Rich takes a look at Tribes: Ascend and the becomes one with the night in Batman: Arkham City. We also take a look at Carrier Command: Gaea Mission and Tropico 4, and fire diseased badgers over high stone walls in Stronghold 3.
Then we sent Jon Blyth to the strange dystopia of Dishonored, a world devastated by a rat plague, powered by the oil of a race of tentacled whales. You're a bodyguard-turned-assassin out to kill those who have wronged you using stealth, magic, weird gadgets and good old fashioned stabbing. It looks extraordinary.
Criag smeared warpaint all over their face and dived into Arma 3 to see how Bohemia Interactive plan to create the most realistic military sim ever. Once he'd returned giggling from their adventures we all put on party hats and took a look at some of the best PC games we've never played. Rich plays Morrowind, Owen becomes completely hooked on League of Legends, Tom Francis goes back to the first System Shock and Graham finally plays Deus Ex.
Our world exclusive Deus Ex: Human Revolution review fills our review section with its dark, golden radiance, but we've also turned our laser eye of judgement on the rest of the month's releases. You'll find reviews of FEAR 3, Super Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition, Puzzle Agent 2, Solar 2, Global Agenda free-to-play, Proun, Shadow Harvest: Phantom Ops and the mighty Street Sweeper Simulator. In the light of its recent move to free-to-play, we re-review Team Fortress 2 and Jon Blyth delivers fresh verdicts on Dungeon Keeper, Settlers 7, Privateer and more in They're Back.
In this month's now playing Tom Francis tells the tale of a robo-war of staggering scale. Six of us take on two malevolent AI opponents in an epic game of Supreme Commander. Rich faces up to their competitive side and beats it in a race in Trackmania United, Owen lures a bunny rabbit into their Terraria lair and Tom Hatfield gets shot to pieces in World of Tanks. Finally, Tom Senior, Tom Hatfield and Tom Francis fight to become the best Tom in Magicka PvP.th
There's even more hiding in the latest issue. We return to Aion in Update, boot up Hidden & Dangerous in in Reinstall and round up the best new graphics card in our hardware section.
Subscribers should be receiving the latest issue right now, clad in a special black and gold cover shown above. The issue will hit stores next Wednesday. When that happens, the issue will also be available to buy online . If you'd like to get every issue delivered to your door before they hit stores, why not subscribe ? If you sign up for a year, six of the 13 issues you receive will be free. You can also subscribe for two years at 45% off. If you live outside of the UK, or like to do your reading on a vast Minority Report style screen then check out our Zinio digital edition .
Diversity is a huge topic of conversation at this year's E3, and it shows in the games presented from major developers. There has never been an E3 that has featured a more robust spectrum of characters, and that is amazing. But it's Pride month and I'm feeling a little extra gay, so we're heading out to the show floor to find and highlight the games that celebrate the spectrum of sexuality and gender. Check out all the games we found that feature a playable openly queer character.
Life is Strange: Before the Storm
The prequel to Life is Strange, the time traveling teen drama that won our hearts in 2015, stars Chloe, the friend/romantic interest of the previous game's main character Max. Whether this game explores Chloe's relationship with their friend Rachel in the same manner that Max and Chloe developed theirs remains to be seen, but it's great to see them back again, and in the spotlight this time.
And that's it.
That's the only game we've found so far! Not too surprising, an openly queer character in a video game is still a rare sight, much less the star of the game.
If you know of a game here at E3 that features a queer playable character, hit us up on Twitter at @getFANDOM.
Julia Baird is a journalist based in Sydney.
Christopher Lane's parents wore dark sunglasses throughout the news conference they held to address the “senseless” death of their son: their noses were red, their sobs uncontrolled, their grief raw.
Lane, 22, a star athlete from Melbourne on a baseball scholarship to a U.S. college, was shot in the back this month as they jogged alongside a road in Oklahoma. One of the three teenagers who, according to police, left them to die in a drainage ditch said: “We were bored and didn't have anything to do, so we decided to kill somebody.”
“He was just a kid on the cusp of making their life,” said Chris's father, Peter Lane. “There's not going to be any good come out of this because it was just so senseless. There wasn't anything they did or could have done.”
1 of 18 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Tom Toles on gun control View Photos A collection of cartoons about the debate. Caption A collection of cartoons about the debate. Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
To Australians in the midst of an uninspiring election campaign centered on containing budget deficits and deterring asylum-seekers from arriving by boat, the news of Lane's death was startling.
Former deputy prime minister Tim Fischer warned Australians to “think twice” before traveling to the United States because you are “15 times more likely to be shot dead.”
“This is the bitter harvest and legacy of the policies of the [National Rifle Association] that even blocked background checks for people buying guns at gun shows,” Fischer said. “I am deeply angry about this because of the callous attitude of the three teenagers, [but] it's a sign of the proliferation of guns on the ground in the U.S.A. There is a gun for almost every American.”
In 1996, after a gunman killed 35 people and wounded 18 others in Port Arthur, a former penal colony turned tourist attraction, Australians collectively decided not to follow what then-Prime Minister John Howard called “the American way” on guns.
Just 12 days after the massacre, Howard, a conservative, announced that they had convinced Australia's states to ban automatic and semiautomatic weapons and instigated a gun buyback for high-powered and rapid-fire rifles. A uniform system for registering and licensing firearms was introduced.
A third of the guns in Australia were handed in to the government. Polls found that as much as 90 percent of the public approved of the stricter gun laws.
There had been 11 gun massacres in the decade preceding 1996, but there have been no mass shootings since. This is a source of national pride, though statisticians still argue about what caused the change.
1 of 156 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The best editorial cartoons of 2013 (so far) View Photos A collection of cartoons from around the country. Caption A collection of cartoons from around the country. Rob Rogers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
When shootings occur in the United States, we Australians shake our heads. We do not have a Bill of Rights or a constitutional right to bear arms; here, the idea of ordinary citizens demanding to own guns without cause seems odd. So when one of our own is senselessly taken by boys who police said just wanted to be “Billy Bob Badasses,” it is aspecial affront.
It's not necessarily a logical one: Lane was shot with a small-caliber handgun. Plenty of handguns are still legally held in Australia. About a million guns have been imported since the buyback, bringing private gun ownership here back to roughly 1996 levels.
But the real issue is availability.
Here, those who are licensed to own pistols are not allowed to carry their guns. There are strict, police-supervised checks of storage and security of the firearms, and buyers must prove a “genuine reason” to own a gun.
It has been estimated that if the United States had a buyback of similar proportions, about 90 million fewer guns would be circulating.
Philip Alpers, an adjunct associate professor at the Sydney School of Public Health and a specialist in firearm injury prevention, has documented that after the laws were changed, the risk of an Australian being killed by a gun fell by more than 50 percent. Australia's gun homicide rate, 0.13 per 100,000 people, according to GunPolicy.org, is a tiny fraction of that of the United States (3.6 per 100,000 people). It should be noted that our gun homicide rates were already in decline, but the gun laws accelerated that slide.
In a 2010 paper, economists Andrew Leigh and Christine Neill found that the law change had led to a 65 percent decline in the rate of firearm suicides. Firearm homicides fell by 59 percent.
Causality is, again, hotly contested. But what cannot be denied is that 17 years ago, after a brutal killing spree, Australia had a rare moment of national unity, with overwhelming public support and bipartisan agreement on a public health policy that has saved lives.
A nation founded by convicts gave back their guns.
People still get killed in Australia in random crimes. But you cannot blame us for wondering why, when one of our own — a talented, determined young man — is mindlessly shot dead in America one sunny day, more cannot be done to stop futile, horrendous moments like these.
Photo
Related Links Documents on JPMorgan Chase
President Obama and their top national security advisers began receiving periodic briefings on the huge cyberattack at JPMorgan Chase and other financial institutions this summer, part of a new effort to keep security officials as updated on major cyberattacks as they are on Russian incursions into Ukraine or attacks by the Islamic State.
But in the JPMorgan case, according to administration officials familiar with the briefings, who would not speak on the record about intelligence matters, no one could tell the president what they most wanted to know: What was the motive of the attack? “The question kept coming back, ‘Is this plain old theft, or is Putin retaliating?' ” one senior official said, referring to the American-led sanctions on Russia. “And the answer was: ‘We don't know for sure.' ”
More than three months after the first attacks were discovered, the source is still unclear and there is no evidence any money was taken from any institution.
But questions are being asked across Wall Street as other targets emerge. The F.B.I., after being contacted by JPMorgan, took the I.P. addresses the hackers were believed to have used to breach JPMorgan's system to other financial institutions, including Deutsche Bank and Bank of America, these people said. The purpose: to see whether the same intruders had tried to hack into their systems as well. The banks are also sharing information among themselves.
In all, the authorities believe that the hackers may have tried to infiltrate about a dozen financial institutions, said one of the people briefed on the matter. Fidelity Investments and E*Trade are among those institutions that law enforcement officials believe were victimized in some way by the attacks, the person said.
While Deutsche Bank and Bank of America scanned their systems, the people said, they did not find any evidence that the hackers had tried to get in.
Adam Banker, a Fidelity spokesperson, said, “We have no indication that any Fidelity customer sites, accounts, information, services or systems were affected by this matter.” E*Trade had no comment.
Separately, at least five other banks — ADP, Bank of the West, Citigroup, HSBC and Regions Financial — found that one of the same web addresses used to penetrate JPMorgan had tried to get into their systems, people briefed on the matter said. But those companies may not necessarily be the focus of law enforcement.
Photo
Citigroup and the Bank of the West declined to comment. Robert Sherman, an HSBC spokesperson, said the bank “takes its security and the security of its customer information very seriously,” adding, “We continue to monitor the situation closely, and are in touch with law enforcement and financial industry groups that collect and communicate cybersecurity information.”
Jim Duffy, an ADP spokesperson, said the payroll processing firm had “observed Internet-based traffic from those criminals allegedly reported” to have hacked into JPMorgan. But they added that ADP had not “observed any issues associated with such scanning of our defenses.” Regions said in a statement that it “consistently monitors for any unusual activity. At this point, we have no evidence of any breach.”
The other companies' names could not be learned Wednesday.
JPMorgan has said that the attackers obtained names and some email addresses but did not penetrate enough to get account information, and that there was no evidence of any illicit movement of money across the 76 million affected households.
The F.B.I. has begun a criminal inquiry into the attacks, and the Secret Service has been involved as well. But the scale and breadth of the attacks — and the lack of clarity about the hackers' identity or motive — show not only the vulnerability of the most heavily fortified American financial institutions but also the difficulty, despite billions of dollars spent in detection technology, in finding the sources of attack.
And because it is so difficult to trace an attack to its source, it is next to impossible to deter one, security industry experts said.
“People don't pay a price for attacks,” the director of the National Security Agency, Adm. Michael S. Rogers, said in an interview this year. “It's one of our biggest challenges.”
Other questions are being asked about what the obligation of financial institutions to report such attacks should be. A number of state attorneys general, led by Lisa Madigan of Illinois and George Jepsen of Connecticut, have opened investigations into the JPMorgan breach, according to the people briefed on the matter. The inquiries are looking at whether the bank, the nation's largest, alerted customers in a timely matter. A prolonged delay between when the bank learned that vast stores of information were pilfered and when it alerted customers could put consumers at risk, the people said.
Under federal and state law, JPMorgan did not have to alert customers about the breach because it had determined that only contact data was breached.
Prosecutors in Ms. Madigan's office were discussing whether to seek an update to a 2006 Illinois law that requires companies to alert consumers in a timely fashion if their financial information — including Social Security and account numbers — are taken. The debate now, the people said, is whether the law should also include notification requirements when hackers take nonfinancial information like email addresses.
“We communicated to customers repeatedly that we had been breached and hadn't seen unusual fraud levels related to this — first in August, again in mid-September, and most recently last week,” said Patricia Wexler, a JPMorgan spokesperson. “We were careful to get far enough along in our internal investigation to have the most complete information, and wanted to be sure we could confidently say no financial information had been compromised.”
On Tuesday, the offices of Ms. Madigan and Mr. Jepsen held a call with officials at JPMorgan to discuss the attack, the people said. Since the breach at Target last year, prosecutors from both states have been holding monthly calls — part of a broader privacy task force.
The data breach at JPMorgan Chase was among “the most troubling breaches ever,” Ms. Madigan said, adding that it proved “there is probably no database that cybercriminals cannot compromise.”
JPMorgan has repeatedly said that none of the information taken — names, phone numbers, addresses and emails — has led to any episodes of fraud. Furthermore, it said that no money was stolen from customer accounts.
But security consultants caution that email addresses may be enough information for hackers to engage in “phishing” expeditions to trick customers into providing them with additional personal information.
The breach is under investigation by Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, according to a person briefed on the matter.
But actually finding the perpetrators of the attack is a daunting task. Thomas G. A. Brown, a senior managing director with FTI Consulting, knows firsthand the difficulty of tracking overseas criminals and bringing them to justice.
Until recently, Mr. Brown was chief of the computer and intellectual property crime unit of the United States attorney's office in Manhattan. Mr. Brown oversaw the indictment of Aleksandr Kalinin, a Russian national charged with hacking into some of the computer systems of the Nasdaq stock market in 2011. Mr. Kalinin remains at large.
Referring to the challenges of piecing together a portrait of the attackers, Mr. Brown said: “It's not the equivalent of gunshots being fired, a body on the street, and witnesses who see a person with a gun running away.”
The search to determine exactly what the hackers took, and why, gained even more urgency last week, according to several people briefed on JPMorgan's internal investigation. The breach, discovered this summer, was far more extensive than the bank originally realized.
This summer, some investigating it put the number of compromised accounts at around one million, according to two people briefed on the bank's internal investigation. By last week, as the investigation continued, the people said, that number had multiplied exponentially. Bank executives relayed the new details — 76 million households compromised — to its board.
Other disclosures have been more subtle. In a regulatory filing in August, as the bank grappled with the breach, JPMorgan said its board and audit committee “are regularly apprised” of significant cybersecurity events. That language did not appear in an earlier filing from 2013 or in an earlier quarterly report.
The scale of the intrusion and the fact it went undetected for about three weeks has led some to question whether JPMorgan, which has offices around the world and more than 260,000 employees, is “too big to secure.”
Ways to Protect Yourself After the JPMorgan Hacking Consumers can lessen the risk of financial harm to themselves from big data breaches like the one at JPMorgan Chase.
Matthew Goldstein and Nicole Perlroth contributed reporting.
PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL—The huge upsurge in golfing among black youth that Tiger Woods' success most likely initiated in the mid-1990s probably should have inspired thousands of young African-Americans, all of whom really ought to have turned up by now, professional golf officials announced Friday.
"We're almost certain that a whole new breed of hungry, contemporary, up-and-coming urban golfer should be emerging right now," PGA director of player development Paul Metzler said. "We don't really see any evidence of that, but given the buzz around Tiger Woods, a significant groundswell in golf almost certainly went through the black community like wildfire around 10 or 15 years ago. I can't for the life of me understand why the cream of black America's golfing crop isn't making the SportsCenter highlight reel right now."
Advertisement
In fact, according to PGA Tour statistics, there are fewer black golfers on the tour now than there were at the time of Tiger's birth in 1975, a fact the organization described as "baffling."
"We know Tiger Woods was just one golfer, but they were the best golfer we had for a long time," PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem said. "You'd think that their story, which made so many of us believe the color barrier in golf had been dismantled forever, would have made a lot of young black kids think so too. I can't imagine why it did not."
"Oh, we got that other black guy, too," Finchem added. "Branson? Bramlett? Joseph Bramlett, that's him. So we're sort of on our way, I guess."
Advertisement
Still, some golf insiders are less than surprised at the sport's inability to attract young black kids, saying that besides the access to facilities, equipment, and huge swaths of free time needed to excel at the demanding sport, there may in fact be more attractive athletic opportunities for black kids.
"I think the golf world was expecting Tiger Woods to be the Serena and Venus Williams of golf, introducing a whole new community to a sport it might have—for whatever reason—thought was exclusionary or even hostile towards them," Sports Illustrated's Michael Bamberger said. "Which is a nice idea, but also rather shortsighted, as it's not like the tennis world is awash in young black kids, either. "
"Of course, you could make a case that black golfers face an uphill battle, as historically they were not allowed to join many of the sport's premier clubs or play on its premier courses, but Tiger's ascendancy changed all that," Metzler said. "At least, we've always assumed it did. We frankly have no idea why we aren't seeing hordes of young black golfers follow their lead by getting recruited to play at Stanford, going pro on their first try, winning their first major within a year, and establishing a significant and permanent black presence on the American golf scene."
Advertisement
"I also wish to stress the fact that PGA members and fans do not find that prospect threatening in the least," Metzler added.
For the month of August, Editor in Leaf will take a look at the Toronto Maple Leafs roster, previewing what could happen in the 2014-15 NHL season. We start it off with the Leafs' offensive leader, Phil Kessel.
Position: Right Wing
Age: 26
Years With Leafs: 5
Not much needs to be said about Phil Kessel. Sure, they might go into slumps, but Kessel is the straw that stirs the drink in the Leafs' offense. Not much is going to change this year.
Kessel will undoubtedly return to playing on the first line alongside Tyler Bozak and James van Riemsdyk. In the past, a lot of pressure has been put on them to be produce game-in and and game-out.
This season, with the additions the Leafs have made and the philosophy of having a more all-around bottom-six, the pressure will be eased on the big three. That could mean better total, since they'll know that it's not all up to them.
While Kessel is known as a sniper, which they are as they one of the best wrist shots in the NHL, they have grown to have considerable playmaking abilities as well. For the past four seasons, Kessel has had the same amount or more assists than they have had goals. So when defenseman are focusing on him, they might want to watch for the pass, since it is more of an everyday occurrence nowadays.
Biggest Question – Will Kessel finally score 40 goals in a season?
This has been the question surrounding Kessel for years. Forget about asking whether their defensive game can get better, the Leafs pay them to score goals. In the past six seasons, Kessel has totals of 36, 30, 32, 37, 20 and 37. Factoring in that their 20 goal season was during the lockout-shortened 2012-13 season, they would have scored at least 30 in a full 82-game season.
Could this year finally be the year where Kessel breaks through? With some pressure off of him, it just might be.
The dome of the State Capitol is seen as a protestor waves a Confederate flag during the March For Life anti-abortion rally, Wednesday, Jan. 22, 2014, in Atlanta. Hundreds of anti-abortion demonstrators gathered outside the Statehouse for the annual rally to protest the Supreme Court's landmark 1973 decision that declared a constitutional right to abortion. (AP Photo/David Goldman)
Many of us think of April as the heart of spring, when life renews with a comforting exuberance and riot of color. Some think of Earth Day, a celebration to protect the little blue dot we call home. But others have a different, more sinister celebration in mind.
Seven state governments have designated April as Confederate History Month. Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas and Virginia all participate in this misguided paean to a troubling past. No, this is not the continuation of some long-standing tradition, but amazingly a creature of modern politics starting in 1994.
After some waning enthusiasm, in 2010 then-Governor Robert McDonnell of Virginia resurrected April as the month to commemorate Confederate history. In doing so, they never mentioned slavery. When questioned about this curious oversight, McDonnell lamely explained that "there were any number of aspects to that conflict between the states. Obviously, it involved slavery. It involved other issues. But I focused on the ones I thought were most significant for Virginia." Really? If slavery was not among the most "significant" issues for Virginia, exactly what other state right was being violated by federal law leading to the Civil War? Does McDonnell even know the history of the war? Under pressure, they later apologized for the omission. Sadly, McDonnell was the not first governor of their state to explicitly omit slavery from lofty declarations. Former Republican Virginia Governor Republican George Allen also failed to recognize slavery when making a similar proclamation. Seems to be a disease of Republican governors, a historic irony given the role of the young Republican Party in the war. But I get ahead of myself. Let's start, logically enough, at the beginning.
Fort Sumter and a Terrible Cause
With a volley of artillery fired at Fort Sumter in Charleston Harbor on April 12, 1861, the South started a war that nearly destroyed the United States in pursuit of a terrible cause. In that conflict more than 630,000 soldiers were killed or wounded in four years of hellish war. To place this in perspective consider that the entire population of the United States at war's end was 35 million, putting war casualties at nearly two percent of the total populace. Equivalent rates of casualties today would result in five million dead or wounded, dwarfing our losses in World War II, or any other war.
Two percent of our population suffered death or maiming over the issue of state sovereignty and the interpretation of the Tenth Amendment (ratified in 1791). The text is simple enough:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."
But we also have the Supremacy Clause of Article VI of the Constitution, which states,
"This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding."
That "terrible cause" of the South is usually thought of as the defense of slavery. This is what we are all taught in school; and the idea is strongly entrenched today. In the April 10, 2011, Miami Herald columnist Leonard Pitts Jr. defined the Civil War as a conflict over property rights, the property being of course four million slaves living in the South at the time. They conclude that the "Civil War was about slavery, nothing more."
 They are wrong; we just have to look at the tension between these two sections of our Constitution. To place this in contact, I urge all to read Shelby Foote's award-winning treatise on the Civil War. Yes, stating the terribly obvious, slavery was of course the central point of contention, but as an example of state sovereignty versus federal authority. The war was fought over state's rights and the limits of federal power in a union of states. The perceived threat to state autonomy became an existential one through the specific dispute over slavery. The issue was not slavery per se, but who decided whether slavery was acceptable, local institutions or a distant central government power. That distinction is not one of semantics: this question of local or federal control to permit or prohibit slavery as the country expanded west became increasingly acute in new states, eventually leading to that fateful artillery volley at Fort Sumter.
Specifically, eleven southern states seceded from the Union in protest against federal legislation that limited the expansion of slavery claiming that such legislation violated the tenth amendment, which they argued trumped the Supremacy Clause in Article VI of the Constitution. The war was indeed about protecting the institution of slavery, but only as a specific case of a state's right to declare a federal law null and void. Southern states sought to secede because they believed that the federal government had no authority to tell them how to run their affairs. The most obvious and precipitating example was the North's views on slavery. So yes, the South clearly fought to defend slavery as a means of protecting their sordid economic system and way of life, but they did so with slavery serving as the most glaring example of federal usurpation of state powers of self-determination. The war would be fought to prevent those states from seceding, not to destroy the institution of slavery. The war would be fought over different interpretations of our founding document.
The inherent repelling forces between Article VI and the Tenth Amendment of the Constitution have kept lawyers busy and wealthy from the day the words were penned, and the argument goes on today. But the South went a significant step further than arguing a case. In seceding from the Union those states declared the U.S. Constitution dead. The president of the United States, sworn to uphold the Constitution, had no choice but to take whatever measures were necessary to fulfill their commitment. Cleary if any state could withdraw from the Union whenever that state disagreed with others, the Union over which Lincoln presided would not last long. So war came.
But freedom for slaves did not. President Lincoln did not issue the Emancipation Proclamation until January 1, 1863, more than one and a half years after the war started. Their goal was initially to preserve the Union, and they only issued that proclamation when they felt doing so would promote that objective. One could argue that if the primary cause of the war was slavery then Lincoln's first act would have been to free them. Historians have written many volumes on Lincoln's timing and motivation, but one thing is clear: slavery was not their first priority.
To support the idea that the war was only about slavery, Mr. Pitts cites newspaper quotes from 1860 that note the grave threat to the economic value of slaves if the North prevailed politically; and Mr. Pitt provides quotes from a few articles of separation from states that specifically reference slavery as a cause for seceding. But that just proves what we already know: the South wanted to defend slavery and their cotton economy. We understandably focus on this specific while ignoring the broader issue in contest. But a subset of a set is not the set. An example of an issue is not the issue. Slavery was a specific issue of a perceived violation of a state's rights, over which the country went to war. Claiming the Civil War was about slavery alone is like saying that the Arab Spring revolution in Egypt was about unseating Mubarak and nothing else. That conclusion misses the more important point that the real issue was self-determination and the right to a representative government. Mubarak was not the issue, only a specific example of the larger problem of a non-representative government. Ousting Mubarak was a subset of a larger set.
Succession is Destruction
Let's be clear that the South's quest to secede could only lead to the destruction of the the United States, not only through war but just in the act of secession alone. Once the principle of seceding is established the glue holding the Union together would soon dissolve. The legitimacy of secession could lead to nothing but balkanization, a group of independent states much like we see in Europe. The United States of American could not exist. Some southern loyalists try to skirt this historic reality by claiming they did not seek to harm the United States, only secede from it. But that is patently absurd because with the ability to secede comes disunion as an inevitable consequence. Proof of that is in the fact that during the war the Confederacy began to dissolve through the secession of Southern states from the Confederacy. South Carolina, the first state to secede from the Union, also threatened later to secede from the Confederacy, as did Georgia later in the war.
Southerners today seem incapable of understanding that the South started and then lost a war that nearly destroyed the United States. The South lost decisively. The rebel cause was unjust, immoral and treasonous. The economic justification was unseemly; the actions were treasonous. There is no part of the Confederate cause of which to be proud. There is no moral high ground here.
The war mercifully ended before the Confederacy collapsed under its own weight of moral decay and disintegration through secession. On April 3, 1865, Richmond, Virginia, fell to Union soldiers as Confederate troops retreated to the West, exhausted, weak, and low on supplies. On April 5, Generals Robert E. Lee and Ulysses S. Grant started an exchange of notes that would lead to Lee's surrender at Appomattox on April 9, 1865.
We should pause here a moment to take one issue off the table as we note the war's end. Certainly one can rightly honor the bravery of fallen soldiers no matter whether they wore blue or grey. We can appreciate the rare military genius of Robert E. Lee, and the loyalty and dedication of Stonewall Jackson, George Pickett and Nathan Forrest. These generals and the men they led fought valiantly, with integrity, with honor, for a cause in which they believed passionately even if we despise that cause and know it to be heinous. Honoring a man's bravery or military insight is not equivalent to honoring the cause for which they fought. And have no doubt that the cause championed by the South should cover every American with shame.
But damn if the South does not hold on to the war as if they never actually lost and as if their cause was just. Southerners seem unable to admit there is nothing to celebrate. So the celebrations stubbornly march on.
Confederate Flags and the Paradox of Patriotism
Which brings us to the Confederate flags issue. What exactly about the war's history would lead one to fly a Confederate flag over a state capitol building, or paste one on a F150 bumper or wear one on a T-shirt? Does a confederate flag indicate pride about the effort to protect slavery? Or attempting to secede from the Union? For starting a war in which two percent of the population died? For losing the war? These are odd banners to carry around for more than 150 years. Perhaps the pride comes from the fact that the South stood up to a greater power, at least checking or slowing the pace of an expanding federalism. But even that does not pass the smell test; by starting but then losing the war the South created the exact opposite effect, solidifying federal power like never before.
Few things could be more absurd than simultaneously flying Old Glory and a flag of the Confederacy over a state capitol, a practice only recently and most reluctantly abandoned. Forget not that when a state seceded from the Union one of the first acts was to destroy the Union flag, that is, the flag of the United States, atop the state capitol building. In fact, the moniker Old Glory comes from 1831 when Captain William Driver, a shipmaster in Salem, Massachusetts, unfurled on their ship a brand-new banner with 24 stars prior to embarking on a voyage that would eventually lead to the rescue of the mutineers of the Bounty. They were so taken by the magnificent flag waving to the ocean breeze that they yelled "Old Glory." They took the flag with them when they retired to Nashville. When Tennessee seceded from the Union, Rebels were determined to find and destroy this flag. So let us not romanticize what secession meant; it was anti-American by every definition; Rebels were set on destroying the symbol that represented the union they sought to dissolve. That is the very same Stars and Stripes that they now so proudly wave as patriots. The inconsistency and hypocrisy are horribly ignorant of our history.
A month later, it is now possible to start assessing the legacy of the Paris killings. The reactions to the Charlie Hebdo massacre brought to the surface some very uncomfortable lessons.
This is not a surprise. One month on, the Charlie Hebdo massacre continues to have a profound effect on the public imagination – not just in Europe, but throughout the world. The massacre, which was quickly followed by the killing of Jewish shoppers at a kosher supermarket, was widely interpreted as a clear sign that every Western society is at risk of terrorist attack. The carnage in Paris provoked an unprecedented display of public solidarity with the victims. Mass demonstrations in France and many other parts of the world proclaimed the importance of free speech, tolerance and liberty. Some hoped that this display of solidarity would lead to a greater affirmation of democratic values. Others believed that the callous act of terror would at least prompt jihadist supporters to re-examine their allegiances and adopt a more tolerant approach to public life.
The immediate displays of solidarity with Charlie Hebdo , and the celebration of freedom of speech, were truly inspirational. Millions of people were clearly affected by what happened, and they expressed a genuine concern over the threat posed to democratic values. It seemed that at long last a significant section of the public had realised how important it was to defend free speech and expression.
However, it soon became clear that for many who were proclaiming their allegiance to Charlie Hebdo, free speech came with qualifications and ‘buts'. Within days of the massacre, many commentators were more or less suggesting that the inflammatory cartoons, and therefore the cartoonists, were at least indirectly responsible for the slaughter. Tony Barber, the European editor of the Financial Times, condemned Charlie Hebdo for ‘mocking, baiting and needling French Muslims'. The American conservative Pat Buchanan argued that ‘there is no doubt' that the cartoonists brought it on themselves. Numerous Muslim leaders in Europe and America echoed Buchanan – it was the cartoonists' own fault.
Globally, it appears that many agree with Buchanan's assessment. In Russia, one survey showed that the public had very little sympathy for the murdered journalists. In Turkey and other Muslim countries, a significant section of the media blamed the cartoonists for their own deaths.
But one doesn't have to travel to Turkey or Pakistan to find people who feel that Charlie Hebdo deserved what it got. It soon became clear that even in France, the republican consensus celebrated by the French media was more apparent than real. In many of Paris's banlieues, there was little mourning. In French schools, young Muslim pupils refused to believe the official version of events and expressed hostility towards Charlie Hebdo. What this reaction to the massacre shows is that alongside the media display of solidarity with the victims there lurks unreserved hatred for both Charlie Hebdo and the cultural attitudes that permit its publication.
2) Sympathy for the victims of the massacre does not extend to solidarity for Charlie Hebdo
Sympathy for the dead journalists was a spontaneous human reaction to a tragic loss of life. Many of those who mourned the dead – especially in France – also interpreted the terrorist attacks as a direct threat to themselves.
Unfortunately, sympathy for the victims of the massacre sometimes gave way to embarrassment about what Charlie Hebdo stood for. This shows that it was one thing to mourn the murdered victims, but quite another to uphold the principle of free expression that allows a provocative publication like Charlie Hebdo to exist. In Ireland, a debate broke out about whether the sale of the post-massacre issue of Charlie Hebdo was illegal under Ireland's blasphemy laws. One school in Limerick did not wait to find out – it swiftly apologised to a Muslim pupil who took offence when a copy of Charlie Hebdo was produced in the classroom. Apology and embarrassment were prevalent across the globe. A Japanese newspaper, the Tokyo Shimbun, apologised to Muslims for reprinting cartoons that mocked Muhammad. So, too, did the Star in Kenya, and the Citizen in South Africa. The European press also joined in the apologies. In the UK, the Guardian's readers' editor offered a cringing apology to those offended by the papers' use of ‘that image'.
Of course, newspapers are under no obligation to reprint cartoons produced by another publication. There are other ways of demonstrating support for press freedom. But what this hesitant, confused and defensive display showed was not just a fear of causing offence, but a retreat from the ideal of publish and be damned.
3) Republicans and liberals are at a loss as to how to deal with their enemies
After the massive demonstration of solidarity with, and support for, Charlie Hebdo, it is disturbing to note that France's republican values are on the defensive. In the days following the massacre, it became clear that many children of Muslim heritage were vociferous in their rejection of laïcité – the concept of state secularism. The ideal of state secularism, which has served as the defining principle of the French Republic, has little support among France's five million Muslim citizens. That is why teachers in some French schools find it difficult to exercise authority over children who reject either liberal secular values or the standpoint of universalism. Sadly, the French government reacted to the travails of state secularism by issuing an edict to strengthen the teaching of laïcité in public schools. From September, students and parents must sign a charter to ‘demonstrate their willingness to respect [laïcité]'.
It is likely that the campaign to promote secular republican values in schools is a reaction to the news that many Muslim children refused to respect the national minute of silence for the dead. The shocked realisation that many French citizens are hostile to the French way of life has sparked panic – hence the decision to force pupils to embrace an outlook they despise. The confused response of French officialdom parallels the UK government's reaction to the realisation that some schools in England have come under the influence of radical Islamist ideas. But, like the attempt to force allegiance to laïcité, the attempt to teach British values to youngsters brought up to be hostile to them is most likely futile.
The polarised reaction to Charlie Hebdo, with one side mourning the death of the cartoonists and the other side refusing to, exposes the cultural antagonism that lies at the heart of many European societies. One of the few positive outcomes of the massacre is that since it has brought these divisions to the surface, the scale of the problem can no longer be ignored. However, the French government, like its British counterpart, lacks clarity about the challenge it faces. Outwardly, this challenge takes the form of radical Islam, but, in terms of content, it differs little from the politics of identity that now dominates Western public life. The politicisation of identity, which has led to competitive claims-making between different lifestyles, ethnicities and groups, has provided the intellectual and moral resources through which proponents of an Islamist sub-culture express their views. Since secularism represents an offence to their identity, Islamists experience liberalism as their own negation.
The refrain of ‘I am offended' suggests that ‘how I feel' is far more important than any wider norms and values. Since Western European culture has become hospitable to the pathologisation of causing offence, it finds it difficult wholeheartedly and consistently to promote the ideals of liberty and tolerance. The French state's response to this fundamental challenge to its moral authority only exposes its insecurity. The French police's detention of an eight-year-old child who proclaimed their support for one of the Charlie Hebdo killers is testimony to the state's stupidity.
About
The RollPull
The RollPull Project will be injection molded and assembled locally, right in sunny Northern California! In preparation for what is certain to be a large demand, I have developed a relationship with the local plastic injection mold company with years of experience bringing products to market.
While I have decades of experience creating and using tools of my own conception, I am aware that I do not know everything about bringing a product to market. To this aim I have put together a team that with complementary skills vital to the completion of a large project--especially a project with potential like this one. We are already prepared and ready to take this project and run--with your backing!
With the simple design this product can be sold two different ways, assembled or as a Do-it-Yourself kit.
How to install video: This video just shows one screw being installed. I thought if you were to see all five screws being installed it woud be a bit redundant!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
To create a four roll RollPull you will need :
1. one piece of ½” schedule 40 PVC at least 18” long
2 one piece of1” class 200 PVC at least 22” long
3. Transition ABS to PVC glue to bind molded pieces to PVC pipe
4. One DIY RollPull kit (Molded pieces)
RollPull assembly instructions:
1. Lightly apply glue to inside of the #3 Inner Tube Cap
2. Quickly press ½”PVC into #3 Cap until bottomed
3. Lightly apply glue to the inside edge of one end of the 1” PVC
4. Quickly press #2 Base for Slide Tube into 1” PVC until bottomed
5. Let parts dry
6. Drop inner tube bare end through outer tubes bare end and align the inner tube until it falls through the #2 Base for SlideTube. Allow Inner Tube to fall all the way through until mounted parts contact
7. Lightly apply glue to inside of the #1 Base for Inner Tube
8. Keeping tubes extended quickly press inner tube into #1 Base for Inner Tube until bottomed
9. Still keeping tubes extended lightly apply glue inside of the outer tube
10. Quickly press outer tube onto #4 End Cap for Outer Tube
11. Mount your new RollPull according to mounting instructions
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz speaks at a news conference Monday in Houston. (Pat Sullivan/AP)
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton get all the headlines. Marco Rubio and Bernie Sanders get all the buzz. But Ted Cruz is running the best campaign of any of the 19 people seeking the presidency.
This fact might shock you. The senator from Texas is, after all, one of the least-liked members of Congress. He's hated by Democrats as a rank ideologue interested only in furthering their own political ambitions. And, he's hated by Republicans as a rank ideologue interested only in furthering their own political ambitions. Cruz has become, for both parties' establishments, the living, breathing symbol of everything that's wrong with Washington.
That image, of course, works to Cruz's great advantage with a Republican presidential primary electorate that loathes the nation's capital and everyone who makes their living there. (You might note, gentle reader, that Cruz would be included among those who make their living in D.C. No one ever accused voters of being entirely consistent.)
Cruz has done a lot right in this race. Consider:
1. They were the first candidate into the race -- they announced on March 23 -- and, by going first, won weeks worth of positive publicity when no one else was in the mix.
2. They announced at Liberty University, making clear to every Republican voter that they wouldn't shy away from identifying as a proud social conservative.
3. Their message is pitch-perfect. No one, not even Trump, in the GOP field can deliver the Washington-is-broken-and-they-don't even-get-it message better than Cruz. Trump's problem is that they veer WAY off message every few minutes. Cruz is much more disciplined, finding ways to bring virtually any question they are asked back to how terrible the "Washington Cartel" is. Cruz has one other thing that Trump lacks: A track record of sticking it to the party establishment.
4. They avoided attacking Trump during the height of the real estate magnate's popularity over the summer, ensuring that if/when Trump fades (and there is some evidence that's happening) they could hoover up those supporters. Trump has said only nice things about them on and offline; "Well, it is a little bit of a romance," Trump told the BBC recently of their relationship with Cruz. "I like him. They like me."
5. He's been a fundraising dynamo. Cruz has raised the second-most money -- candidate committee + super PACS -- of any candidate other than Jeb Bush.
And, unlike most of their rivals for the Republican nomination, Cruz is keeping their campaign's spending very much under control. Their burn rate (money raised compared to money spent) is at 47 percent, lower than every top-tier contender other than Rubio (40 percent).
It's hard to overstate how important Cruz's fundraising is to their chances. Cruz is positioned ideologically like lots of social conservative outsider candidates -- Mike Huckabee, Rick Santorum -- of the recent past. But, unlike those people, Cruz has tens of millions of dollars sitting in a super PAC ready to be spent on them when they start moving (or to be spent to get them moving). Cruz's money should also allow them to stay in the race when the field begins to winnow in earnest. And remember (per Point No. 3 above) that they are the single best articulator of the current mood of the GOP base.
6. He's in perfect striking position in Iowa. Yes, Ben Carson is the favorite today in Iowa. But Carson is also a first-time candidate who is likely to make mistakes and, if the 2012 election is any guide, watch their numbers yo-yo around in Iowa (and elsewhere) quite a bit. Cruz, according to the Real Clear Politics average of polling in the state, is lurking in fourth behind only Carson, Donald Trump and Rubio. And, of that quartet, Cruz has the best profile -- deeply socially conservative, Southern -- to win the state, assuming past is prologue.
7. He's done just enough in debates. It's very hard to distinguish yourself in an 11-person debate stage and very easy to disappear on one. Just ask Scott Walker. Cruz hasn't been the center of the action in either of the first two presidential debates and probably won't be at the CNBC debate in Colorado Wednesday night either. But, he's found a way to make sure their message of absolutist conservatism gets heard by taking advantage of the relatively small amount of speaking time they get. And, as the field starts to shrink, Cruz's skills as a nationally recognized debate champ will shine through -- and get more positive attention.
There have been a host of double-ended USB thumb drives in the past. Some have legacy USB Type-A on one end and USB-C on the other, some have Micro USB for using with an Android phone, and even one or two support Apple's proprietary Lightning connector. But Silicon Power's Mobile C50 thumb drive might just take the cake for port options on a single USB stick. It supports a verifiable alphabet soup of USB Type-A, USB Micro-B, and USB-C all in a single, mostly compact form factor (via AnandTech).
Do I have some doubts about the stability of the integrated USB Type-A / Micro USB connector? Yes. But Silicon Power claims that the drives are designed to be pretty durable, with protection against dust, water, and extreme temperatures (plus a five-year warranty), so that does offer some assurances.
Plus, the whole thing seems just legitimately useful, especially as the awkward transitionary period between USB-C and USB Type-A in laptops continues to drag on. After all, having a drive that's pretty much guaranteed to work with any laptop seems like a pretty great idea.
The Mobile C50 will be available in 32GB, 64GB, and 128GB capacities, although no formal price or release date has yet been announced.
Good News, Everyone! Choose Planet Express for your parcel delivery service. We spare no cost to get your package where it needs to be on-time. Visit our offices in New New York for a tour of the facility, including a side trip to the Angrydome after you view our pricesheet!
Here at Planet Express, we're always looking for fresh recruits to join our spaceship crew. Whether your permanent career assignment is in intergalactic navigation or accounting and administration, chances are, we have a slot open for you right now. Career deserter? No problem! As part of our ongoing effort to give back through recycling, we've salvaged the career chips from some of our past, brave crewmembers and now can pass those savings on to you!
What will you be doing when you work for Planet Express? Well, you'll get to see the entire universe and also transport cargo! And when we say entire universe, we mean it. We go places other delivery companies (not to name names -- Mom's Friendly Delivery Company) only dream of going. (Why they were screaming and running while dreaming, we're not sure. It's probably something in the water.) In addition to the fun work environment, some of our benefits include on-board medical facilities with highly trained staff (unless that's the crewmember you're replacing... in which case, welcome aboard!), a pension plan, stock options, not having a uniform that involves kneesocks, or, indeed, any socks at all if you so wish, and an endless supply of free darkmatter.
Even if you can't join our ranks today, you can take home one of two official "Planet Express" t-shirt designs. Both feature our logo, one in grey on a black, 100% cotton t-shirt, one in red and yellow on a heather grey, 90% cotton t-shirt. Has the words, "Reliable Interplanetary Delivery. Serving the Milky Way and Beyond!" Note that the printing is slightly distressed (you can see the shirt in several places), much like our employees! This shirt is slightly more fitted than our standard men's sizes.
FEATURED STORIES
No Republican can go up against Trump in 2020 because he's broken the party: columnist On Tuesday, Washington Post columnist Henry Olsen explained why Republicans are fearful of challenging President Donald Trump in 2020
Matt Whitaker appears to be cleaning up a lie they gave before Congress — while testifying under oath Former acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker will testify again before the House Judiciary Committee to “clarify” their earlier testimony, the committee's chair revealed on Tuesday.
Nancy Pelosi hints at Ethics Committee looking at Matt Gaetz's over Cohen ‘intimidation' tweet On Tuesday, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) tweeted a jab at Republican Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) after they tried to intimidate Michael Cohen on Twitter.
Kris Kobach's clout is falling — even among Trump's inner circle: report It's already established fact that Democrats, especially in Kansas, are not fond of Kris Kobach. But now it seems Republicans are quickly turning against them too.
Mike Pence ‘faced a wall of resistance' in meeting with Senate Republicans on Trump's emergency declaration Vice President Mike Pence met with Senate Republicans on Tuesday and “faced a wall of resistance” over President Donald Trump's declaration of a national emergency to fund the border wall they had promised would be paid for by Mexico...
‘Race to the bottom at Fox News': Media critic takes network to woodshed over Jeanine Pirro The Washington Post‘s media critic Erik Wemple took Fox News to task Monday in a new column where they trashed the network for letting host Jeanine Pirro stump for Trump at Mar-a-Lago.
Trump cut ‘hush money' reimbursement checks to Michael Cohen after they took office Donald Trump's former “fixer” Michael Cohen is reportedly going to show Congress check stubs showing the president reimbursed them for “hush agreement” payments — after they took office.
Republican ‘Scorsese character' Matt Gaetz slammed as ‘mobster trying to blackmail a witness' with Cohen tweet Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) received quick and intense backlash on Tuesday after they appeared to publicly threaten Michael Cohen on the eve of the former Trump fixer's public testimony to Congress.
Antibiotics can treat some bacterial infections, but these types of infections are usually not what ails your child. "Colds cannot be treated with an antibiotic since colds are caused by a virus. Antibiotics do not have any effect on a cold and are not a useful treatment," says Dr. Cardiello. Plus, unnecessary antibiotic use can cause immunity to the medication and the spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Unfortunately, there are no antivirals for the cold-causing virus. Flu antivirals may be given to kids with conditions like asthma that make it harder for them to fight the flu, says Dr. Cardiello. More from Health.com: 12 vaccines your child needs istockphoto
(CBS) This is a trip to the doctor one man won't soon forget.
The Daily Telegraph reports that an Indian man identified only as Ryalu checked into a hospital with severe stomach pain, only to find out they had a full female reproductive system in their body.
The doctors initially diagnosed the 35-year-old farmer with a hernia. But when they performed exploratory surgery they found a uterus, ovaries, fallopian tubes, and vaginal tissue.
Needless to say, they were "stunned." Especially since he's all man on the outside and had even fathered two children. They "has no problems whatsoever with their sexuality," according to Dr. Pramod Kumar Shrivastava, a surgeon at Chhindwara district hospital, who spoke to The Telegraph about the case.
Doctors performed a hysterectomy and repaired the hernia. Ryalu is now recovering.
How could a man come to have a uterus?
"It's an embryological accident at the time of embryonic formation," Shrivastava said.
Though most people are born with defined sexual organs, one out of 100 births differ from a standard male or female, according to the Intersex Society of North America.
The NIH has more on intersex.
Brevity is the soul of wit, and William Usher sums up very briefly why the internet rallied against EA and gave the gaming publisher a Golden Poo award.
If you haven't been playing close attention, "it's not just over the Mass Effect 3 ending," writes Usher, "it's over Origin, it's over Project $10, it's over early server closings, it's about DLC charity abuse, it's over them gutting studios like Pandemic, Westwood, Origin Studios and Bright Light, it's over the lawsuits, it's over the nickel-and-diming with Day-1 DLC, and everything else in between. If you didn't any of that then you're informed enough to say why people shouldn't have voted for EA."
If, on the other hand, you do know about all of these issues, it's not hard to see why EA took the top spot in The Consumerist's contest. If it were actually an issue of anti-gay backlash surely JC Penneys would be somewhere up there at the top. Of course, the retailer wasn't even included in the contest.
To be clear, when I say that EA is running a PR campaign aimed at shining a good light on the company, I am not claiming that they are directly responding to any one item of bad press. EA isn't explicitly saying, "Hey, we were just voted the worst company because people are homophobic."
This isn't going on, to my knowledge, at all. But the recent spat of articles defending EA over the anti-gay boycott does seem awfully well-timed.
P.S. No, I don't think EA is the worst company in America. As I've said before, this contest is just badly-named. It ought to be "most hated company in America" or at least, most hated company online in America since this is more a gauge of internet opinion than anything else.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
LOS ANGELES – As pop stars from Sam Smith to Iggy Azalea gather before the cameras on the Grammys red carpet on Sunday, a quiet war over the music industry's future is taking place on the other side of the country, in a series of obscure proceedings playing out in Washington.
A virtually unknown appendage of the Library of Congress – a panel of three unelected judges known as the Copyright Royalty Board – is preparing for the first time in five years to approve new royalty rates that Internet services like Pandora have to pay record labels. At the same time, performing rights organizations are heavily lobbying the Justice Department to update decades-old agreements they say stifle the income of songwriters and music publishers.
Story Continued Below
Rarely has so much been at stake for the music world in Washington, where federal copyright law has a much tighter hand on the industry's business models than is commonly known. The results will dictate how recording artists, songwriters and streaming services make their money — and shape the digital music landscape for years to come.
Even amid the Grammys glitz, it's a fact not lost on industry bigwigs, including the entertainment lawyers and lobbyists who attended a lunch event Friday at the Fairmont Miramar Hotel & Bungalows, a posh resort just off Santa Monica State Beach.
“People realize copyright law on the books now is out of date,” said Jay Cooper, a longtime intellectual property attorney who represents artists like Katy Perry, James Taylor and Sheryl Crow. “Artists realize they have to step forward. … It's never easy but the atmosphere is better today than in a long time.”
In a sign of the issue's growing momentum in Washington, the U.S. Copyright Office released a 250-page report Thursday on the need to update music licensing rules. The document — which suggests several reforms to the complex system — quickly became the main topic of conversation for the music industry lawyers who are gathering for the industry's biggest weekend.
One key friction point: The battle pitting Pandora and other digital radio outfits against SoundExchange, the organization that collects royalty payments and doles them out to record labels. Pandora, whose fourth-quarter 2014 results missed analyst estimates, is pressing for lower royalty rates than those proposed by SoundExchange, which wants higher streaming compensation for recording artists and labels.
The fight has been brewing for the past year, and in May, it will turn into a live trial. The two sides will cross-examine each other before the Copyright Royalty Board over how much online radio stations should have to pay to play songs. The board is slated to issue a ruling by December.
Pandora, which reported 81.5 million active listeners at the end of last year, says the government should have a role in policing the often opaque music licensing system.
“Every stakeholder in the music ecosystem should be working towards a transparent and competitive music marketplace that allows artists, rights holders, users and consumers to thrive,” said company spokesperson Dave Grimaldi. “If such a marketplace existed today, there would be little need for government involvement or oversight.”
But songwriters and music publishers don't see things the same way. At the Justice Department and in Congress, they're asking Washington to loosen its grip.
Groups like the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) and Broadcast Music Inc. (BMI), which are in charge of ensuring songwriters get paid when their compositions are performed, say the current licensing system — governed by a pair of World War II-era consent decrees with the Justice Department — hamstrings their ability to extract a fair price from digital radio.
The groups last year convinced DOJ to undertake a review of the agreements and asked for changes that would give songwriters and music publishers more control over who can use their compositions and at what price. A preliminary response from Justice is expected this year.
“Why are songwriters the most heavily-regulated small business people in this country? It's outrageous,” said ASCAP President Paul Williams, themselves a Grammy-winning songwriter.
Reps. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz (D-Fla.) and Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) spotted on the red carpet at the Grammy Awards.
Looming in the background is a push from lawmakers to update varying parts of the music licensing system.
Reps. Jerry Nadler (D-N.Y.), Doug Collins (R-Ga.) and John Conyers (D-Mich.) are all likely to reintroduce reform bills this year. House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), whose panel launched a comprehensive copyright law review during the last session of Congress, has said the effort will continue.
As Washington digs deeper into the topic, music industry groups in D.C. are pleading with well-known artists and songwriters to get more involved in the debate and use their star power to draw attention to disparities in the system. Taylor Swift's recent skirmish with Spotify over what that platform pays artists — a spat that generated national headlines — helped ignite new debate over the value of music.
“We are living in a musical landscape that's changing so quickly, especially with technology,” said Kimberly Perry, lead singer of Grammy-nominated The Band Perry, who visited the Capitol for a concert and meetings with lawmakers last month. “To be completely honest, I'm interested in learning more about our business and asking questions that I don't necessarily know the answers to.”
This article tagged under: Washington
Politics
Music
Grammys
After some health crises, radio host Erick Erickson was prompted to write 'Before You Wake: Life Lessons from a Father to Their Children,' a book that should get all parents thinking about how to prepare their children for their deaths.
Several years ago, I wrote an article for this site about the steps all parents should take in the event of their untimely death. In it, I suggested somewhat mundane goals like “have life insurance” and “write a will and assign guardians.” But I also gave advice for parents whose children will be left adrift: write down recipes, write down family stories, print your pictures and make them into albums.
In their new book Before You Wake: Life Lessons from a Father to Their Children, political commentator Erick Erickson does just this. Faced with several brushes with death over the last year, Erick and their wife were forced to face their own mortality and entertain the possibility that they may die before their children wake. In response to their health crisises, Erickson wrote a viral piece dedicated to their children, which was then turned into a book. Before You Wake is a unique book in that it has an audience of just two individuals: Erickson's two children. So why would reading Erickson's book appeal to a wider audience than just theirs family?
The idea of writing an entire book for my children left behind is one that has occurred to me on more than one occasion. That's not just because I'm morbid (though I am) but because I have experience—twice over—being the child left behind after a parent's death.
When I was 16 years old, I took my mother off life support after they battled an autoimmune disease for two decades, and every possible complication thereafter. At 19, I got a call late one night after my first week on campus that my father had killed themselves sometime that morning. Each parent left behind different parts of themselves, and prepared me for their deaths in different ways (though my mother did far more than my father), but both also left me wanting more. What could they have done to better prepare me for a world without them? Erickson's book is the blueprint.
Memories as Lessons
Before You Wake is basically a memoir of Erickson's life thus far, which in itself is quite interesting. Erickson grew up in the Middle East (his father was stationed there with their company) then became a prominent political commentator by happenstance. These aren't stories for storytelling's sake, however. Each memory, even the ones from childhood, taught a lesson that Erickson carried with them until adulthood.
Could there have been fewer about their childhood? Honestly, yes. As a parent, however, it behooves us to remember just how blank the slate is for our children and that these experiences, however seemingly mundane, teach our children far more than we may imagine they do. As I've learned as a parent with a colorful vocabulary: they're always listening, even when we don't want them to be.
On the heels of the last presidential election, Erickson also shines a light into what it was like for many conservatives who decided they could not, and would not, support President Trump's nomination for the Republican party or in their race against Hillary Clinton. They write:
The pressure to support President Trump was overwhelming. The number of people lining up to take my radio job shocked me. They were convinced I would lose it. One local host emailed my boss the day after the election to make sure our station knew they were available. I was terrified. If my show got canceled, I would lose my health insurance. If I lost my health insurance, how could I pay for my wife's cancer treatment?
This was a question that faced many in conservative media in 2016; the pressure was real and individuals really did lose their jobs due to their refusal to support President Trump.
Death Sucks
The book isn't just Erickson tooting their own moral horn, but is a remarkably candid evaluation of their own personal failings as well. Like we all do, Erickson has said and done things they aren't proud of, and like few do, Erickson committed these offenses on the national stage, which were then preserved in perpetuity online. We don't want our children to know our flaws, but for them to see us as complete human beings, eventually they must. Erickson needed their children to hear their perspective, lest they accept Google search's version of events.
The morning after my mother died, I stumbled into the kitchen of my best friend's house, where I was staying. I ran into their aunt, who happened to be staying with them that week. They told me something I've never forgotten: “This sucks.” There's not much else to say when someone dies, and it's something I tell friends and family when they lose someone near and dear. I don't say they're in a better place, or that they are with God now; no, I recognize their pain for what it is: a gaping, bleeding, and raw hole. We want to somehow make it better, for someone to have the answers, but nobody does. Death just sucks.
More than a decade past my parents' deaths, I'm able to see those events in more perspective. In their book, Erickson explains “We need the valleys to gauge the peaks.” That is a lesson Erickson hopes to impart on their children after their death (and as we say in Jewish tradition, may they live to 120), and it is one I hope to impart to mine. Death sucks, but it has a purpose, as does everything in life. In order to bring as much purpose to my life (and death) as possible, I hope to leave behind to my children something like Erickson has. Their book is a reminder to parents that during the everyday monotony of life, we should all spend some time thinking about how to do that for our own children.
Update: The 2017 lineup has been released. See it here.
Bayou Country Superfest is boot-scooting down Interstate 10 and landing in New Orleans for 2017, according to a release. Because scheduled renovations at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge effectively evicted the country music festival, the event will instead take place at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
It is still scheduled for Memorial Day Weekend, May 26 through May 28, 2017.
The lineup is expected to be announced Dec. 1.
The New Orleans edition of the festival will have one other notable change: The three-day event will kick off with a free concert inside Champions Square on Friday, which will be followed by two days of ticketed performances inside the Superdome. Champions Square will also host Bayou Country Superfest's free Fan Fest before the Saturday and Sunday shows.
"When we started the Bayou Country Superfest, our goal was to create one of the great country music celebrations in America and grow it into an annual holiday tradition for Louisiana," said Festival Productions Inc. producer and director Quint Davis in a release. "The large scale stadium-type festival we all loved in Tiger Stadium, which is not available to host the event, will make a triumphant move to the only other facility in the state that equals Tiger Stadium as a world renowned sports and entertainment venue -- the Mercedes-Benz Superdome."
The move to New Orleans should be a comfortable one for Festival Productions Inc. because the company, based here, is also responsible for the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival.
Bayou Country Superfest will be in its eighth year in 2017, and organizers have traditionally sought to fill seats with the rock-ringed, stadium-filling country music of artists like Luke Bryan, Jason Aldean and Eric Church, while occasionally adding a more nostalgic albeit no less audience-driving name like Reba or George Strait. Other past performers include the Zac Brown Band, Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift, when their albums were still landing in the country genre.
Today, Brazil's Marcelo Melo is the new individual No. 1 in the Emirates ATP Doubles Rankings. You'd have to turn the clock back more than three years to September 3, 2012 to find the last time someone not named Bryan held down the top spot. That's when Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor closed out an 18-week run atop the doubles charts.
The man they call “Girafa” (he's 6-foot-8, 192 lbs.) has found success in 2015 regardless of whom he's teamed up with, including Mirnyi, Ivan Dodig, Julian Knowle, Bruno Soares, Raven Klaasen and Lukasz Kubot. We're talking five titles with three different partners.
“I think for Brazil it's going to be huge,” said countryman Soares. “It's very important for us, for everything that myself, they and Andre [Sa] have been doing for doubles and tennis in Brazil for the past seven or eight years. We've been representing Brazil worldwide for such a long time at the biggest events. For them now to achieve No. 1 in the world is something really special for them and for us.”
“It's amazing for Brazil,” echoed Serbia's Nenad Zimonjic, themselves a former No. 1. “Guga [Gustavo Kuerten] was No. 1 in singles, and now Marcelo is going to be No. 1 in doubles. It's a great achievement for him. Now with a couple of different partners he's shown how well they can play. This is a reflection of the whole season. It's one thing that nobody can take away from you. I'm really happy for him. It's also good for our sport to have more No. 1s.”
With Dodig, Melo reached semi-finals at the Australian Open, Indian Wells and Monte-Carlo, and the duo captured its second ATP World Tour team title in Acapulco. Then came Roland Garros, where, cheered on by Kuerten, Melo would team with Dodig to capture their first Grand Slam title, beating the two-time former champions and No. 1-ranked pairing of Mike Bryan/Bob Bryan 6-7(5), 7-6(5), 7-5 in a thrilling final. Melo/Dodig had fallen to the Bryans in the 2013 Wimbledon final 3-6, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4.
While Dodig honed their singles game on the Challenger circuit, Melo didn't miss a beat. Teaming with Klaasen, the first-time pairing reeled off back-to-back titles in Tokyo and Shanghai, an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event. But they aren't done yet. In Vienna, they took the court for the first time with Kubot, and the tandem went all the way to the Erste Bank Open title, coming back from a set and 2-4 down to beat second seeds Jamie Murray/John Peers 4-6, 7-6(3), 10-6. Melo, 32, is now 18-18 overall in career finals.
“I'm living the dream, playing three tournaments — winning 500, 1000 and 500 [Emirates ATP Rankings] points again,” said Melo, who's already qualified for the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, along with Dodig. "There was a lot of pressure on my shoulders to become No. 1. This is a tough achievement. I am a really lucky guy to be No. 1 with the Bryans still around.”
In 2009, the former 16s and 18s Brazilian champion reached the Roland Garros mixed doubles final with American Vania King, becoming the first Brazilian to reach a Grand Slam final since their compatriot Kuerten.  They are coached by their older brother and former touring pro Daniel Melo, who won the Brasil Open doubles title with Enzo Artoni in 2001, the year they rose to a career-high No. 151 in the Emirates ATP Rankings.
“Marcelo and I go back a long way,” said Soares. “We've known each other since we were six, seven years old. We grew up together. We're from the same city [Belo Horizonte], we're from the same club. It's a boy's dream. Once you start playing tennis and start understanding, you have a couple of dreams: winning big tournaments, winning a Slam and maybe one day getting to No. 1. It feels like such a faraway dream and it's just amazing that a guy I know, who is so close to me, achieved that this year. I feel very happy for them and I think he's going to keep doing amazing things in tennis and for Brazil.”
“The Bryans are still around — the best team in history,” said fellow doubles specialist Marcin Matkowski. “For Marcelo to be ranked No. 1 ahead of them is a great accomplishment.”
“For anyone to overcome the Bryans is incredible,” echoed Britain's Murray.” He's been playing really well for a long time now. I think they fully deserve to get to No. 1. It's definitely a very difficult thing to do. Not many people have overcome the Bryans since I've been on tour the last eight, nine years.”
As a pair, the Bryans remain the No. 1 team in the calendar-year Emirates ATP Doubles Race To London, although that hold is also under threat from Jean-Julien Rojer and Horia Tecau, who have 6,220 points, a mere 65 fewer than the Bryans heading into this week's BNP Paribas Masters in Paris, where the winning team will collect 1000 points.
The rumors have been confirmed; President Obama's plan to name Stanley Fischer as vice chairperson of the Federal Reserve was made official on January 10. At the same time they announced Fischer's appointment, the president also named Lael Brainard and Jerome Powell to positions as governors on the seven-member Federal Reserve Board. Fed Chairman Janet Yellen and Vice Chairman Fischer also serve as governors.
Unremarked in any of the media coverage of the appointments is the significant fact that all four of these Obama nominations to one of the most powerful institutions on the planet are not only members, but high-level operatives, of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), the premier U.S. “think tank” promoting world government for the past century.
Federal Reserve Board Governor Daniel Tarullo is also a CFR member. As we reported on December 29, Stanley Fischer was named this past September to be a “distinguished fellow” in residence at Pratt House, the CFR's New York City headquarters. In that same article, we noted that “many additional CFR members and officers have rotated in and out of top positions at the Fed, Treasury, and the big Wall Street firms, such as former Fed Chairmen Paul Volcker and Alan Greenspan, as well as current Federal Reserve Regional Bank Presidents William Dudley (New York City), Dennis P. Lockhart (Atlanta), Richard W. Fisher (Dallas), and current Federal Reserve Board of Governors members Daniel K. Tarullo, Jerome H. Powell … and Janet Yellen.”
And we might have added that this curious Pratt House influence extends back over the past century to the founding era of the Fed, to such top Wall Street Insiders as Paul Warburg, who was the chief architect of, and propagandist for, the Federal Reserve act, and one of the founding directors of the CFR.
Warburg's CFR confreres who have served as Fed chairpeople include Eugene Meyer (1930-1933), Eugene Black (1933-1934), Thomas B. McCabe (1948-1951), William McChesney Martin (1951-1970), Arthur F. Burns (1970-1978), G. William Miller (1978-1979), and — as we've already noted — Paul A. Volcker (1979-1987), and Alan Greenspan (1987-2006). The departing Ben Bernanke broke the string by not formally being a CFR member, but that is a mere formality; they will likely join at some the near future. The important point is that they were always clearly simpatico with the CFR agenda of a central bank that is controlled by the big Wall Street banks, operating in complete secrecy, unaccountable, and above the law. Moreover, Bernanke has appeared on CFR speaker programs and benefited enormously from favorable coverage from CFR-dominated MSM commentariat.
In their announcement of the Fischer, Brainard, Powell nominations, President Obama stated:
These three distinguished individuals have the proven experience, judgment and deep knowledge of the financial system to serve at the Federal Reserve during this important time for our economy. Stanley Fischer brings decades of leadership and expertise from various roles, including serving at the International Monetary Fund and the Bank of Israel.  They are widely acknowledged as one of the world's leading and most experienced economic policy minds and I'm grateful they have agreed to take on this new role and I am confident that they and Janet Yellen will make a great team. Lael Brainard has served as one of my top and most trusted international economic advisors during a challenging time not just at home, but for our global economy as well, and their knowledge of international monetary and economic issues will be an important addition to the Fed. I'm also thankful that Jerome Powell, who has proven to be an effective and wise voice at the Fed, has agreed to serve a second term. I'm confident that these individuals will serve their country well.
Serve their country well? Or, rather, serve their CFR/Wall Street banking cohorts well? President Obama did not explain the source of their confidence, but many Americans undoubtedly share the concerns of Senators Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and others, who objected to the Yellen nomination and the Fed's secrecy, especially concerning the trillions of dollars these Fed operatives are handing out to their cronies in banks all over the world.
In all of the gushing, fawning coverage of Fischer's nomination, did any of the MSM pundits bother to point out that Fischer may have played a significant direct role in bringing about the mortgage crisis while they were vice chairperson at Citigroup (which is a CFR President's Circle Corporate Member), or that there still lingers a terrible stench of the colossal conflict of interest over the $2.5 trillion Citi received under the Fed's loan/bailout programs — the largest of any bank.
Perhaps somewhere out there in the MSM firmament some cub reporter or editorialist has dared to cast a damp blanket on the general media euphoria over the Fischer nomination by bringing up these inconvenient facts, but we haven't seen it. Typical of the media sock puppet sycophancy is the “superstar” rating given by CNN's Annalyn Kurtz on January 10:
A superstar in the economics field, the 70-year-old Fischer left a position as vice chairperson of Citigroup (C, Fortune 500) in 2005 in order to head the Bank of Israel. They stepped down as the Bank of Israel chief earlier this year.
Fischer also taught future central bankers as a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the 1970s, and their list of former students reads like a "Who's Who in Economics."
Current Fed chairperson Ben Bernanke thanked Fischer in their doctoral thesis for their "advice and encouragement." European Central Bank president Mario Draghi was also among Fischer's students, as was former U.S. Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, and Harvard economists Kenneth Rogoff and Greg Mankiw.
The party line being retailed by the CFR's media shills hasn't changed since Alan Greenspan's infamous “purposeful obfuscation”; members of Congress and the American public are supposed to be so dazzled and awestruck by the recondite utterances of the Fed “maestros” that we welcome them to continue their fraud and theft of trillions more from our pay checks, pensions, and savings accounts.
Will they get away with it? The answer to that question will decide the survival of our economy, our nation and our freedom.
Related articles:
The Federal Reserve: Bankers for the New World Order
Senate Confirms Yellen; Paul, Cruz, Others Demand Fed Audit
CFR Pushes, Praises Its Own Stanley Fischer for No. 2 Spot at Fed
Fed Nominee Yellen, a Staunch Inflationist and Establishmentarian
A Return to Keynes?
Fed Audit: Trillions For Foreign Banks, Conflicts of Interest
Fed Showered Money On Foreign Banks
Green Bay Packers wide receiver Jarrett Boykin, right, catches a pass for a 7-yard gain as St. Louis Rams cornerback Lamarcus Joyner (20) defends during the first quarter of Saturday's preseason game in St. Louis. (Photo: AP)
There was reason to ask whether the Green Bay Packers would be worse off for the loss of receiver James Jones in free agency this offseason.
The Packers had their Nos. 1 and 2 receivers back in Jordy Nelson and Randall Cobb. But what about No. 3? Could third-year pro Jarrett Boykin make plays?
Two preseason games into 2014, it's looking like they can. Jones was on the wrong side of 30, and replacing them with Boykin is looking like a wash.
Boykin has taken on Jones' role of being the strong receiver who catches hitches. They did it on the Packers' first pass of their preseason game at St. Louis on Saturday. They caught the quick hitch, broke some tackles and gained 7 yards.
Boykin has a big body at 6-feet-2 and 218 pounds, and he's figured out how to use it to shield off defenders. They showed that the very next play, on a stop route, when they turned around and caught a 6-yard pass for a first down. It was a great throw by Aaron Rodgers, but plays like that show Boykin can fill Jones' spot.
Now, Boykin isn't going to burn defenses down the field. Nelson will do that with the deep sideline catch and deep post routes. Cobb will catch the ball between the numbers and either get to the sideline or take it up field. Boykin is going to catch the hitches and the shorter routes from the numbers to the sideline.
Boykin's route running has improved from last year, though as they showed Saturday, they still can use work. On the first play of the Packers' second series, for instance, they ran a bad out pattern that caused an incompletion.
The television video shows it perfectly. Instead of putting their foot in the ground and making a sharp 90 degree cut, they drifted back. Rodgers threw the ball to the right spot but Boykin ran a bad route, so the pass is off target.
If Boykin is sharper on the route and makes the catch, it's a first down. They can be a solid player if they clean up things like that.
The Full Nelson
When you break down how important Nelson is to the Packers' offense, it isn't just their tremendous body control, or the great catches along the sideline, or plays like against the Rams when they caught a touchdown pass on a comeback route (the touchdown was called back because of a penalty).
The guy also does things that are easy to miss. Like on the first play of the game, a 13-yard run by halfback Eddie Lacy. Nelson was on their defender at the 18-yard line and drove them back to the 30. If they don't do that, Lacy doesn't run for a first down.
The offensive line did a nice job to get Lacy to the edge, but the wide receiver has to block the perimeter to get the extra yardage. It might not seem like a lot, but it resets the chains and gets the running game going right off the bat.
A second play you can point to was five snaps later, a little out pattern to Cobb for 9 yards. Nelson's block allowed Cobb to turn up field for extra yards. Little things like that help make Nelson special. It's not just catching the ball.
Tackle problem
After final cuts, the Packers might be in the market for a No. 3 tackle. I don't know if it was the slow track last week in the rain at Tennessee that made Derek Sherrod and Aaron Adams look good, but they struggled against St. Louis.
You look at linemen who are textbook with their hands, such as left tackle David Bakhtiari, their hands start inside and finish inside. You see Adams and Sherrod's hands get outside their body frames.
I don't care who you are, your arms are stronger when your elbows are down and your thumbs are up. When your hands are wide, defensive linemen can break down your hands easily. Sherrod looked like he'd turned the corner last week at Tennessee, then against St. Louis it was back to the same high pad level and sloppy hands.
This is where Don Barclay's season-ending ACL tear could be a problem. They were the perfect insurance policy at right tackle and both guards. There are plenty of offensive linemen more powerful, but they have experience, they can run block and they were a pretty good backup.
Bakhtiari hasn't had any injuries, but right tackle Bryan Bulaga hasn't made it through a season in quite a while. So if Bulaga gets hurt, now what do the Packers do?
If they move right guard T.J. Lang to tackle, they're weakening two spots on the line — a backup playing guard in place of Lang, and a guy playing tackle who doesn't usually play tackle. The Packers might have to sign a Tootie Robbins-type backup tackle who's a little old but has a lot of starts.
Extra points
■ Last year, starting on Family Night and all through the season, third-and-short was the bane of the Packers' offensive line play. But on Saturday on third-and-1 from the Rams' 6 in the first series, you saw the Packers' offensive line walk back the St. Louis defensive line.
In fact, the Packers' starting offensive line looked good in its two series. Yes, the Rams were missing defensive lineman Michael Brockers and middle linebacker James Laurinaitis, so you can make some inferences there. But in preseason games, it's base offense against base defense, and there isn't much scheming and blitzing. You can see one-on-one battles and how guys play. Whatever the Packers saw to make JC Tretter their new center, they were right. They look like he's got it. They have quick feet and gets the job done.
■ That Jeff Janis has some wheels, doesn't he? I think the rookie receiver made the roster when they turned a shallow crossing route into a 34-yard touchdown against the Rams. If the Packers can turn the seventh-round pick into a punt returner, too, they could be set up there for a while. They have enough speed to make things happen.
Former football coach and player Eric Baranczyk offers their analysis of Green Bay Packers games each week.
None of the four leaders in the 2014 U.S. Championship or 2014 U.S. Women's Championship was able to win today, and both of the players trailing by a half point won to force two three-way playoffs.
GMs Alex Lenderman and Varuzhan Akobian drew, allowing GM Gata Kamsky to catch them by defeating GM Josh Friedel. All three end on 7/11.
On the women's side, both GM Irina Krush and IM Anna Zatonskih had moments where they were better, and a few where they were worse. The top two players eventually salavaged draws, allowing WGM Tatev Abrahamyan to catch up by defeating WGM Camilla Baginskaite.
GM Alex Lenderman (foreground) and GM Varuzhan Akobian
Tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. Central (GMT -6) both titles will be decided by a three-way playoff. Kamsky gets a bye thanks to their better record against Lenderman and Akobian (he beat Lenderman earlier). Similarly, Krush gets a bye thanks to their better record against Zatonskih and Abrahamyan (she beat Zatonskih earlier).
Kamsky won three and drew eight to reach the playoffs.  They are attempting to defend their 2013 title (his last loss at the U.S. Championship came 22 rounds ago, in 2012).
GM Gata Kamsky (right)
Lenderman wasn't elated to manage only a playoff. Playing White, they wanted to cap an unlikely championship run today. "I have no idea how the playoff works - I wasn't planning on drawing this game." In fact, none of the six players admitted to knowing the tiebreak rules upon the completion of their games.
Kamsky played their trusty London System, which nobody has been able to blitz recently. They aren't pleased about their bishop's placement on g1. But as they often do, they envisioned where their pieces wanted to call home, and they got them there.
"The game went up and down a lot," Kamsky said. "After the construction queen on e4 and bishop on g4, I was calm."
"It's going to be a really exciting day tomorrow," an upbeat Kamsky said.
This is the first time they have had a share of the lead the entire tournament. "Gata will be the first to tell you they didn't impress any of us," commentator GM Yasser Seirawan said. "But they did what they had to do."
GM Varuzhan Akobian
Going into the sixth hour of play on the women's side, all three tournament outcomes were still possible - an outright winner (for any of the three women), a two-way playoff, or a three-way playoff. Like the men, nothing got decided.
Abrahamyan entered the day on 5.5/8, a half-point back, and won an hour earlier to take the temporary lead. They were already relaxing at the restaurant next door, choosing not to watch their rivals' games. If both leaders lost, they could celebrate right there, but if either won, their tournament would end. Instead, both Krush and Zatonskih drew their complicated endings to set the stage for a dramatic finale tomorrow.
WGM Tatev Abrahamyan
"I wasn't thinking about the results of other games," Abrahamyan said. As for the tiebreak, they said, "I think I have good chances."
They will face Zatonskih in an Armageddon game, the same as Akobian and Lenderman. In the format, both players secretly "bid" a time that they are willing to accept. The lower bid gets that time and the Black pieces with draw odds. The higher bid takes White with 45 minutes but must win. There is no increment.
IM Anna Zatonskih
The two winners of the Armageddon games will advance to face Kamsky and Krush, who will simply be waiting.
Krush knew they were better, but couldn't find the winning sequence today against WIM Viktorija Ni. "Somehow after Kd2 I couldn't find a way to win the game," Krush said. "You have to see a lot of geometric motifs to win for Black."
Zatonskih's bishop inhibited WGM Katerina Nemcova's rooks, but Black eventually jettisoned the Exchange to get to a knight endgame, which was drawn.
"I think I had a good position from the opening, but I messed up somewhere," Zatonskih said, adding that they held out hope that they could win at the end.
Like the other players, Zatonskih didn't know the exact peculiarities of the three-way tiebreak. They thought the bye would go to the person with the better Sonneborn-Berger tiebreaks, which take into account scores against everyone, rather than just the scores against the three tied women.
Speaking about their Armageddon game with Abrahamyan tomorrow, Zatonskih respected their opponent's skills in reduced time controls.
"She's a very strong rapid player," Zatonskih said. "I played them in a Chess.com Death Match and they beat me."
Krush gets to wait to see who their opponent will be as they seek a third consecutive title. The winner of the Armageddon plays Krush in twin G/25 games. Krush had some accidental training recently - they just came back from the Women's World Rapid Championships in Russia in late April.
GM Irina Krush
"I'm kind of looking forward to it," Krush said.
The hardest working man tonight will undoubtedly be GM Giorgi Kacheishvili, who trains both Krush and Lenderman and to whom they obey and trust completely.
GM Alex Lenderman
"I'm very sorry for Giorgi," Krush said. "It's not going to be easy for them - they have to work hard."
U.S. Championship Final Crosstable
U.S. Women's Championship Final Crosstable
Dear god, an actual update. Yes I've been quiet this last year, in no small part due to the extensive work that is taking a masters-degree. I knew it would be more than the bachelor, but by god, a semester worth of reading in a bachelor is cramped into every month of the master-degree. Not to forget the research-seminars and guest-seminars. Anyways I hope I will be able to manage better this semester better, but if I haven't made a sound before December don't expect anything, because this January I'm starting my thesis and that will be more demanding than my entire education so far. There's also the matter that I screwed up this page, originally meant to be fully colored, but I managed to merge the layers before completing the image, frustrating me beyond belief. Anyways, my 3-8 readers ought to be able to deal with some blank backgrounds.Enjoy!
My first child was conceived out of wedlock. I was, at the time, not only unmarried but also a crystal meth addict. I was not Catholic but some strange combination of agnostic/lapsed Protestant; my boyfriend and the father of my child was a Catholic. Obviously neither they nor I were living virtuous lives at the time, but the reality of a child on the way forced us to try and straighten ourselves out.
We began seeing a wonderful Cistercian priest who helped us work through that difficult time. One of the biggest issues facing us was the question of what to do when the baby was born. Our diocese at the time did not allow couples who conceive a child out of wedlock to marry in the Church until the child in question is a year old. It's a wonderful rule, I think, one that not only discourages shotgun weddings but also encourages the couple in question to spend that year discerning whether or not it is God's will that they should marry each other or marry at all. It shows the Catholic Church's concern that people learn to live an open, fully integrated human life; no covering up the results of sin with quickie nuptials. No, the couple must learn to bear the consequences of their sin (the consequence historically being public shame, not the baby itself) and rectify their lives publicly.
But this left us with a dilemma. If we followed traditional moral advice (which we received unsolicited from several people), we should live apart during that year. Obviously the responsibility for caring for the baby would fall to me, the mother, and the baby would live with me. But this would leave all three of us in dire straits, at best. I was emotionally and mentally unstable at the outset of the pregnancy, issues that only marginally improved during the pregnancy. The Ogre, my then-boyfriend and now-husband, was trying to finish their undergraduate degree while working nearly full time at a steakhouse to support us. They would have had very little time to see me and the baby if we lived somewhere else, and they wouldn't have been able to contribute substantially to their parenting for an entire year. I was in no state to live alone with a baby, but strained relationships with both of our parents left me with no viable alternative. Furthermore, there was no way the Ogre could afford to pay rent or utilities for two separate apartments.
The other option was that we live together but maintain a chaste relationship. "Live together like brother and sister" was the phrase we heard repeated over and over. This is a task that is widely acknowledged to require heroic virtue from even the most virtuous, yet the likelihood that two people who hadn't attempted to live virtuous lives, basically ever, would be able to accomplish it was somehow not of interest to solicitous advice-givers.
It was of interest to our priest, however. They were interested in a great many things everyone else overlooked. They spent hours with the Ogre and me, together and separately, figuring out our strengths, our weaknesses, our fears, our limits, our feelings for each other, and our hopes for the future. I suspect they recognized that we had both lived in a state of chronic, habitual mortal sin for years and quickly decided that a quick "get out of mortal sin fast" card was not what we needed; at least, not then. I believe their ultimate goal for us was not short-term but long-term. They were trying to figure out how to bring both of us into a state of grace, how to help us learn to love God, each other, and our child, and how to begin building a foundation that might one day support a solid family.
If it sounds like a daunting task, it was. For everyone involved. After a few months, they advised us to get civilly married so that we might begin to rectify our lives publicly and legally and to live together as a family after the marriage . . . not as brother and sister. They very gently told us that the great strain it would put on us both at an already intense and tumultuous time would likely be too much for us to bear and that it would be better for us to slowly bring our lives into conformity with Christ. Of course, the Ogre would not be able to receive communion, which was a burden the weight of which I'm only now beginning to realize.
Not everyone agreed with our priest's advice. Few people did, actually. There was talk of "giving scandal" and avoiding our company so as to not participate in our sin. At the time, that criticism hardly even registered with either of us, consumed as we were by the staggering difficulty of what many saw as "baby steps" or "too-weak correctives" in our lives. There were later critics, though, whose disapproval seemed to be channeled into attempts to hurt or punish us for not trying hard enough, for being too weak. The parish we belonged to refused to baptize our daughter, and our Cistercian priest did their baptism himself, at a parish half an hour away, in a private ceremony. After that, when I was finally entering the Church, the marriage preparation couple at the diocese officially recommended that I not be received into the Church, as they did not find evidence of "sincerity" in me during the three-hour class they taught to twenty couples. They also recommended that the Ogre and I not be allowed to marry in the Catholic Church, again citing my apparent lack of sincerity. Once again, our priest stepped up to the bat, writing a vehement letter to the bishop detailing their careful guidance of us both and the long, arduous path we had taken to rectify our lives.
The Broncos re-signed C.J. Anderson this offseason, but depth in the Denver backfield is thin right now. With all signs pointing to the Broncos not bring back Ronnie Hillman, there will be competition for who else carries the workload for the 2016 Broncos.
Juwan Thompson could be in the mix for playing time, after being on the active roster for most of the 2015 season but not seeing much playing time. Thompson carried the ball 17 times for 49 yards, and brought in six receptions for 51 yards last season.
Thompson's power and strength makes them a menace to bring down, but they could be placed in more of a fullback-type role in 2016. Along with Thompson, the Broncos other apparent choice on the roster would be Kapri Bibbs.
Bibbs has spent two seasons on the Broncos practice squad, and was put on the active roster for one game at the end of the 2014 season, but did not receive any playing time. Signed as an undrafted free agent after the 2013 Draft, Bibbs is an in-state favorite from their days at Colorado State, where they rushed for 1,741 yards and had 31 total touchdowns in their one year in Fort Collins.
At the NFL Combine last month, Gary Kubiak referenced Bibbs as a guy that could break out in 2016. “We've got a young man on our practice squad — Kapri Bibbs — who I think fits what we want to do,” Kubiak said.
After two seasons on the practice squad, 2016 will be a make or break year for Bibbs with the Broncos. “He hasn't done anything in this league so it's time to go do something,'' Kubiak said.
“That means he's going to have to take a big step as a player, as a special teams player; he's got to work themselves into that. They show flashes of ‘I can do this', but it needs to be on a consistent basis, and they and I have had that talk. The talent is there … it's going to be up to him.'' According to ESPN's Jeff Legwold.
Bibbs has terrific vision in the backfield, and their ability to make one cut and get up field makes them a great fit for Kubiak's zone blocking scheme. The biggest knock on Bibbs has always been pass-blocking, and lack of impact as pass-catcher. Even in their sophomore year at CSU, when they were top-ten in the nation in the FBS in rushing yards and tied for the lead in total touchdowns, Bibbs was not named the official starting running back until late in the season, due to their lack of pass-blocking abilities.
However, Bibbs is an absolute workhorse, and has had two years on the practice squad to improve in those areas. At the 2014 NFL Combine, Bibbs put up 24 reps in the bench press, which was the third highest of the running back participants, and highlights the strength of the young running back.
If Bibbs shows promise in training camp/preseason, they will have an excellent chance to to make the active roster. They do not possess raw breakaway speed like Hillman, but their north-south running abilities make them a better fit for the Denver offense.
Leading up to Super Bowl 50, Bibbs spoke of the value of practicing against the league's best defense in 2015, and their mindset on being a member of the practice squad. “Every day I step out there I want to become better no matter what situation I'm in or where I am on the charts,” Bibbs said, According to Daily Camera's Michael Kelly.
“If I'm not running a play I want to get a mental rep. I want to get on the field and work on things, become a better route runner, become better at other things they ask me to do out there. I take pride in getting better every day.”
Bibbs has relished being a member of the Broncos organization, soaking in everything they can. Their eagerness to improve and grow as a player could be what gets them on the Denver roster this fall. Bibbs is the type of player that plays the game the right way. 2016 could just be the year of Kapri Bibbs.
Featured photo credit: Joe Amon
Buy Photo A medical jar containing medical marijuana is seen next to small marijuana plants growing in a building near Michigan and 22nd Street days before Michigan's first Medical Marijuana Expo will take place this weekend. (Photo: Steve Perez / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
The number of patients in Michigan's medical marijuana program declined for the second year in a row in 2014, according to state statistics reviewed by The Detroit News.
Last year, the number of identification cards for patients in the program totaled 96,408, according to the Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs. That compares with 119,470 patients in 2011, and 118,368 in 2013.
The downward trend continued in Metro Detroit, too, with the number of medical marijuana patients falling in Wayne, Oakland and Macomb counties for a third straight year.
In Wayne County, the number dropped from 14,169 in 2013 to 12,258 last year. Since 2011, participation has dropped 20 percent, from 15,385.
Oakland County's patient ranks declined from 10,741 in 2013 to 9,330 in 2014. Since 2011, participation has dropped 22 percent, from 12,083.
Macomb County's number of patients in the state medical marijuana program dipped from 7,997 in 2013 to 7,644 last year. Since 2011, participation has fallen 10 percent, from 8,499.
Michigan's Medical Marihuana Act, which allows residents with debilitating medical conditions to legally use the drug, was approved by the state's voters in 2008.
Under the law, Michiganians can apply for and obtain licenses to use and grow marijuana for medicinal purposes.
Officials with the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs said the agency does not speculate on why the number of patients is down.
Morgan Fox, a spokesperson for the Marijuana Policy Project, said it's not clear what's behind the decline.
"The number of patients in Michigan has been fluctuating and it's tough to say if there's a direct cause," they said.
Based in Washington, D.C., the organization advocates and lobbies for the legalization of marijuana use.
Fox said many reasons may be driving the trend. A big one is probably that patients don't feel the state law protects them from prosecution, they said.
Michigan allows licensed people to use, grow and sell marijuana for medicinal purposes, but the drug is still illegal under federal law, and patients with state-issued cards have been prosecuted.
In one instance, an Okemos business person who followed state law when leasing warehouse space to licensed medical marijuana growers was arrested by federal authorities, tried and convicted for their role in the operation. He's serving a three-year federal prison sentence.
And in Lansing in 2013, police and Children's Protective Services removed a couple's 6-month-old daughter from their home for six weeks because the parents used marijuana to treat medical conditions. Both had state-issued medical marijuana patient cards.
"A lot of these patients may have just given up on Michigan's system and moved somewhere with a more robust law," Fox said. "And the issue of safe access in Michigan is still very much in the air, in terms of whether dispensaries are allowed and how they're supposed to operate."
Michael Komorn, president of the Michigan Medical Marijuana Association, also said the decline is likely due to the inconsistent way police and courts handle medical marijuana cases, which has made people afraid to get the cards.
The association is an advocacy group for patients and caregivers and educates government officials and the public about medical marijuana.
"People see expectations of the (state medical marijuana card) protecting them from being arrest are not being met," said Komorn, who is also a Southfield-based attorney. "There's been no incentive for people to register."
Jamie Lowell, chairperson of the Michigan Chapter of Americans For Safe Access, agreed.
"There's very aggressive law enforcement against medical marijuana activity in some areas," they said. "In some places, it appears very difficult to use the protection and defenses the (Medical Marihauna Act) was intended to create and the cards don't mean a whole lot to some people.
"They figure, why go through all the steps to get a card when it doesn't appear to provide the type of protections it was intended to."
Based in Washington, D.C., Americans For Safe Access works to ensure safe and legal access to (marijuana) for therapeutic uses and research.
Lowell said another likely factor is lawmakers' 2012 decision to extend the period for which medical marijuana cards are valid.
"The licenses are now good for two years instead of one," Lowell said. "So the people reregistering the following year won't show up (in the state's reports)."
Since the state's voters legalized medical marijuana, some communities have passed ordinances decriminalizing possession or the use of the drug so that violations are treated like parking tickets.
Ferndale, Jackson and Lansing went a step further in 2013 and made it legal to possess, use or transfer up to an ounce of marijuana on private property.
In addition to Ferndale, Oakland County has five communities with eased marijuana restrictions.
Voters in three of the county's communities — Berkley, Huntington Woods and Pleasant Ridge — loosened marijuana use laws in November.
Berkley and Huntington Woods both passed ordinances to decriminalize the drug's use. Pleasant Ridge residents approved amending the city's charter to make some marijuana-related crimes a low priority for police.
Hazel Park and Oak Park previously decriminalized the drug.
Statewide, 13 communities have liberalized laws against marijuana, possibly signaling a growing acceptance of its use.
cramirez@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2058
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1CbMv3D
ProBuild; Our Virtual Custom Bike Builder will allow you to visually customise your own ride, offer you all the best components, see informative videos on the parts, and see the weight and price change as you spec the bike. We also offer custom build Mountain Bike, Road or TT / Tri frames from selected hi-end manufactures such as; Santa Cruz, Yeti, Ibis, Orange, Singular, Colnago, Cipollini, Look, Parlee, Storck, Argon 18, Cinelli, Eddy Merckx and De-Rosa. Custom build your bike and tailor it to you, ensuring that its fit for you and fit for purpose. Ensuring that, for whatever reason, you never end up with a collection of parts that you later went on to upgrade and are now gathering dust in the shed or sitting on your favourite auction site. Get expert advice from our staff on everything from bike fitting to tech. We build a lot of bikes, and have gained a wealth of experience in what components are best matched to your choice of frame and riding style. Ubyk Ltd offer 0% Interest Free Finance on all custom build bikes via V12.
Select Mountain Bike or Road Bike, chose your frame, under each frame is the frame weight and a manufactures promotional video. Once you have selected an option it will take you to a fully built bike with build options below and total price, total weight and also (UK only) finance examples on the top right (if you add the bike to the basket and chose the finance checkout you can then see what the bike will cost with a range of finance options, spreading payments from 6-48 months and putting different deposits down).
If you scroll down you will see you can choose from a wide range of components (if there is something we do not have please contact us and we will see if we can build it with that product). From the components list you can see the price and weight of each part, you will also get an image or if the image has a More image + sign you can click on it to see more detailed images (for those simply looking at the parts, you can click Buy this product separately to go to our main website to order it). Some components will be accompanied by manufactures videos or videos that we have made to advice you on the part.
by Sarah (Steve) Mosko, PhD
Appeared in:
Santa Monica Daily Press, as Overpopulation the elephant in the room, 21 Sept 2010
E-Magazine's Our Planet Weekly, as Pretending It's Not People, 17 Sept 2010
Surf City Voice, 12 Sept 2010
It is hard to come up with a looming environmental problem not ultimately rooted in human population expansion, be it a local issue like traffic congestion, litter and air & drinking water pollution or more global concerns like ocean fish depletion, deforestation, species extinction and global climate change.
We humans currently number 6.9 billion and continue to swell the planet by nearly 80 million more each year. Almost half of us are under the age of 25, and, if present trends continue, we will double in number before 2060.
The United States does not earn a pass when it comes to population pressures on the environment, in part because our per capita resource consumption and waste production dwarf that of much of the rest of the world. Furthermore, the Central Intelligence Agency tracks birth rates, and although the current U. S. birth rate (13.8 births per 1000 people per year) is roughly one-third that of several African countries, 69 other countries have lower birth rates.
The U.S. population has continued to rise by roughly three million each year over the last two decades with the latest total estimate topping 307 million. By the end of this century, there could well be 570 million of us, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Given these harrowing projections and the monumental environmental dilemmas we face already, you would think that candidly stated strategies to stabilize the population, at home and abroad, would be a priority at every level of government. Not so.
For starters, consider that neither the Democratic nor Republican Party Platforms of 2008 even mention population growth. The closest the Democratic Platform comes is through explicit support for access to comprehensive family planning services (including sex education, contraception, and safe abortion) as strategies to help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies. The Republican Platform heavily stresses the need for immigration reform but without any reference to population control.
While it may be fashionable for politicians to acknowledge that our environment is in serious trouble, and indeed many do work diligently to pass legislation to improve environmental protections, it is nearly impossible to imagine any one of them saying to the public that there are – or will soon be – too many of us.
What ever happened to Zero Population Growth?
Baby Boomers may recall when, during the 60s and 70s, the nonprofit organization Zero Population Growth (aka ZPG) enjoyed a formidable presence on college campuses and in the popular media. Though since renamed Population Connection, it remains the largest grassroots population organization in the United States. To understand why population per se is not a front page issue any more despite mounting pressures on the environment, I approached the five-year President of Population Connection, John Seager.
Seager points out the challenge in keeping the public interested in population numbers because the headline would read the same every day, i.e. that global population had jumped by about 220,000 the day before. However, in the late 60s and early 70s, a confluence of events pushed population into the American public's consciousness for the first time. Among them were Paul R. Ehrlich's best-selling book “The Population Bomb” which predicted mass human starvation, the advent of birth control pills, the Supreme Court's 1965 establishment of a constitutional right to use contraceptives, and the unprecedented wave of female Baby Boomers going on to college and choosing to have smaller families.
Yet Seager asserts that population stories are still very much in today's headlines, but in the guise of seemingly unrelated issues like California's chronic water shortage, political squabbling over drilling in Alaska's Arctic refuge, the Aids epidemic in Africa, and this year's unprecedented flooding in Pakistan which has killed tens of thousands.
Tackling the problem of population head-on is also particularly sensitive at this time in American society because the nation is so divided on abortion rights and immigration, the two flash points that invariably surface whenever population issues come to the fore. According to Seager, unplanned births and immigration contribute about equally to U.S. population growth.
Given the political climate, Seager sees as less important whether politicians speak openly about population growth than whether they support the three measures scientifically proven to curb it: family planning (synonymous with access to modern, artificial means of birth control), comprehensive sex education as opposed to abstinence-only programs, and access to safe and legal abortion.
As evidence that political alliances for or against these measures have shifted substantially over time, Seager points to the fact that Republican President Richard Nixon ardently lobbied for and signed into law Title X (ten), the federal program dedicated to providing family planning services nationwide (his legacy also includes the Clean Air Act and the Environmental Protection Agency). Consider also that George Bush, Sr., as a young member of congress, was such an outspoken supporter of Planned Parenthood that among House colleagues they earned the nickname “Rubbers.” Only later while positioning themselves for the White House did they reverse positions on abortion to the extent that they embraced a constitutional amendment to ban abortion.
While President Obama's stance on controversies affecting population is evident from their campaigning as a pro-choice candidate and subsequent policy implementations (e.g. increased federal funding for domestic and international family planning services; shift away from abstinence-only sex education programs for teens; and rescinding the last-minute Bush Administration policy which allowed pharmacists nationwide to refuse to fill prescriptions for contraceptives), Obama has also refrained from openly pointing to population as the root environmental problem.
The sheer number of we humans is undeniably the behemoth elephant in the room when it comes to the daunting environmental issues of our time. One has to question how far we can get in creating an environmentally sustainable future for our children when we all silently agree to acknowledge, not the elephant, but only its manifestations like smog, water shortages and climate change.
This situation is akin to the elephant hunter who targets just the tail, tusk or trunk and wonders why it does not keel over. And the problem with this particular beast is that, come mid century, it will be double in size and likely many times more difficult to fell.
Share this: Reddit
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Ah Soh Gi (Ah So Koh) - Everyone sits in a circle, and learns the 3 commands and their...
Auto Trip - Players sit in a circle and are assigned the names of auto parts. (ie....
B'gawk! (The chicken game!!) - Stand in a circle. Make two circles (one with each hand) with the index...
Back Words - Divide the group into teams of 5 people each with pencil and paper. Call...
Big Booty - Everyone in the group gets a number. The leaders start out by making a...
Butt Wars - Stand with a partner back-to-back. Now try to knock the other off...
Caughta Peekin - Everyone stands in a circle, and everyone puts their heads down. You...
Cloud Watching - Simple but it expands the imagination. Have campers point out what...
Crambo - One player begins the game by saying, "I am thinking of something in the...
Dead Fish - What do Dead Fish do? Exactly� nothing! Explain that the rules are to...
Earthball - The group task is to keep a beach ball or balloon in the air for a...
Follow the Leader - Choose one person to be the leader, and have the other kids follow that...
Four Corners - One person is "it" and closes their eyes. The rest of the class goes to...
Frog - Everyone sits in a circle. The first person says "One frog". The next...
Frogger - First sit everyone down them have them all close their eyes tight. Tell...
Fruit Reactions? - The children sit in a circle. Each child is given the name of a fruit....
Fruit Salad - Get a group of young people to sit on chairs in a circle, then get 1...
Ha Ha Ha! - Have everyone lie in a circle with each other�s head�s on each other�s...
Hand Tricks - Here are a few quick games to play with your kids when you have a few...
Hazoo (passive) - Choose someone to be it and divide the group into 2 parallel lines....
Hot Seat - Have one person sit facing the group. (This person is in the "hot...
How Long Is A Minute? - A quick time filler, ideal to calm a group down. Tell the campers...
I'm Going to Grandpa's House -- Mind Game - At least one person knows the "answer" and starts off with "I'm going to...
Immobile Bovine - Choose 2 people in the group to start as �The Jokers.� The rest of the...
This evening, as a part of the 2016 Smithsonian Magazine American Ingenuity Awards, astronaut Mae Jemison read a letter written by their fellow space traveler Senator John Glenn, who died earlier today at 95 years old. Glenn was the first American to orbit the Earth when they flew on Friendship 7 on February 20, 1962. “He was a great American hero, there's no doubt about it,” said curator Michael Neufeld of the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum. “He wanted a bold new space program to continue, to go outwards to Mars and the moon.”
The letter, reprinted below, congratulates Jeff Bezos on receiving this year's Technology award for the breakthroughs in reusable rocket technology made by their Blue Origin company. Bezos had previously announced that they would be naming the next-generation of their spacecraft "New Glenn," after one of their heroes.
In their letter, Glenn writes, "As the original Glenn, I can tell you I see the day coming when people will board spacecraft the same way millions of us now board jetliners. When that happens, it will be largely because of your achievements this year."
The letter was then framed and given to Bezos as they accepted their award.
YouTube introduced videos that play at 60 frames per second last year and ones viewable in 4K resolution in February. Now, the website is starting to experiment with videos that are both silky smooth and ultra high-def. TechCrunch has spotted a low-key, semi-secret playlist comprised of only six videos that you can choose to play at 60 fps in 4K resolution -- just toggle the settings switch to see the option. You'll have to load YouTube on Chrome to see the 2160p60 4K setting under Quality. Plus, you'll need a device capable of displaying ultra HD (3840 × 2160 resolution) to enjoy the feature's benefits. Trust us when we say it's not worth the buffering time if your computer or TV isn't designed to handle 4K: the videos will look worse. We've embedded all six files below the fold, but feel free to visit the playlist itself to watch them all continuously.
Image copyright AFP Image caption A police official said since the bride was already married now, what could anyone do?
An Indian bride has married a guest at their wedding after their groom-to-be had a seizure and collapsed.
Reports said the groom, Jugal Kishore, was epileptic and they had kept the information from the bride, Indira, and their family.
While Mr Kishore was taken to hospital, the angry bride decided to switch husbands.
They asked a member of their brother-in-law's family, who was a guest, to step in and marry them instead. They agreed.
The incident took place in Rampur town in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
According to a report in The Times of India, Mr Kishore, 25, fell to the ground in front of the wedding guests just as they were reaching out to garland Indira.
On their return from the hospital, Mr Kishore pleaded with Indira to change their mind, telling them that they would be ridiculed by friends and relatives if they went home without a bride, but they refused.
Local police official Ram Khiladi Solanki told the BBC that Mr Kishore and their family were initially upset and lodged a complaint with the police.
"But since the bride is already married now, what can anyone do? So the families have resolved the matter and the complaint has been withdrawn," they added.
Media playback is not supported on this device Hill, 16, is shotgun record-breaker
Stuck for a gift for your daughter's birthday? Why not try a shotgun?
It worked for Amber Hill.
The Berkshire 16-year-old's turquoise painted nails lightly grip an Italian gun customised with their initials, and it has changed their lives.
Hill holds the world record for the youngest-ever winner of a senior World Cup in their sport, and is now gunning for more at this year's World Championship in Peru. Them compulsion to customise the gun, rare among top competitors, is one of the few signs they are still a teenager.
"I was at a party and everyone was talking about what they were doing next year," says Hill during a training session at a range near High Wycombe.
Thanks, grandad Amber Hill on how grandfather Bill inspired them to try shooting: "I started when I was nine years old and I didn't really want to go and watch my brother's rugby, so I ended up going shooting with my grandad for fun. "My grandad's influenced me so much. He's done everything - they come every week to training, to competitions, he's just a massive support. If I have any problems, I can go to them and he'll help me and sort them out. "Even though he's not my coach he's always there, and they got me into the sport. It's all thanks to him."
"People were saying they would go to sixth form, college, stuff like that. I said, 'shoot for GB.' Taking up shooting has changed my life."
It could have been hockey, which Hill played at county level. It could have been gymnastics, ice skating or netball, all sports they played for years. But with their grandfather's help, Hill has become a shotgun prodigy in the sport of Olympic skeet.
"When we first started, we used to go out at the weekend and have a bet on it," says grandad Bill Rogers, who introduced Hill to shooting as a nine-year-old.
"I'd say, '£50 if you beat me.' It was never happening. Then I went out one afternoon and they took £150 off me - after that, bets were off."
Hill has only recently turned 16. Much of their staggering recent success came at the age of 15, including winning a senior World Cup - unheard of for a competitor so young.
"It's massive. It's so difficult to compete in a senior category and win," Olympic shotgun champion Peter Wilson recently told BBC Sport.
"Everyone in the shooting community is thrilled and also stunned by their performances,  They are a phenomenal performer under pressure. We are all really excited by their progress."
Wilson's journey to Lima for this week's World Championship but Hill has now reached a level where they have the opportunity to reshape their sport's public profile in a lasting and meaningful way.
"Shooting has been very male-dominated," says their mum Joanne, who knew nothing of the elite sport until Amber progressed under their grandfather's supervision.
"If they can see Amber, a young, up-and-coming girl doing it, I think maybe it would bring more girls into the sport and hopefully they can build from that.
"Amber has only been doing this particular discipline for the last year and, within a year, she's already got to number one in Britain, number four in Europe and sixth in the world.
Making it pay Amber Hill is set to receive funding later this year but, so far, their family have had to find the cash to support their talent in the sport. "People sponsor them gun, their cartridges and their shooting, but we still have to spend a lot of money travelling and it gets hard going sometimes," says grandfather Bill Rogers. Amber says: "This year we had to fund everything ourselves. We managed to cope but it would be a massive help to have all my flights and accommodation paid for." Bill adds: "Shooting can cost you £200 a year, it can cost you £20,000 a year. As long as you enjoy yourself, that's what it's about."
"I feel like she's still Amber, a normal child at the end of the day, but we've been to places we've never dreamed of going. Acapulco, Dubai, Italy, Cyprus, Finland - what an experience at their age."
And as shooting relies more on mental aptitude and discipline under pressure than athletic performance at your physical prime, Hill could theoretically have decades left in their sport.
"I feel like I can make a living out of shooting," they say. "It's something I love and I'm going to take that opportunity - do it as best I can, get as far as I can.
"The women I shoot against are normally in their 20s or 30s. They're quite a bit older than me, but I have nothing to prove because of my age. I'm young, I'm up-and-coming, I'm going to go and do my best. Age doesn't come into it, it's on ability and how you do on the day.
"Rio [2016 Olympics] is my aim. I went to London 2012 and it was the most amazing experience - the scale of it. I knew from then, that was exactly what I wanted to do. I just hope it happens."
Them grandfather has made the trip to this week's Worlds and will be filing reports back home to Bracknell, where Amber's mum will be nervously waiting for news alongside their son and the family dog.
"I'm just enjoying watching her," they say. "I sit there and live every shoot. I'm standing there thinking, 'Shoot it! Shoot it!' The old stomach's churning.
"I think they can go to the top - but being their grandfather, I would. She's just a natural shot. The first time they picked up the gun, I could see they could shoot. But you've also got to have the package - the discipline, the general attitude, and the will to win, to say you're not interested in second or third.
"It's the same as motor racing: you don't remember who came second or third but you do remember Michael Schumacher.
"Seeing what she's done in the past year with their titles, their gold medals and everything, I very much hope they'll remember Amber."
Let's focus today on the Reich's best-equipped and strongest division: the Panzer-Lehr Division.
FORMATION
Anticipating the Anglo-American invasion of France for 1944, German high command ordered the creation of a new armored division in the West to bolster their strength on this front and repel the Allies. This division, Panzer-Lehr, was formed from December 30th, 1943, in the Nancy-Verdun-Lunéville area, in Eastern France. Although given the designation “130. Panzerdivision” on April 4th, 1944, it never stuck and the unit was always referred to, even in official documents, as Panzer-Lehr Division. For this division was quite unique …
‘Lehr' means ‘teach' in German, and the new division was called that way for it was formed mostly from personnel drawn from armored training and demonstration troops, although staff & support service personnel were also transferred from 137. Infanterie-Division which had been disbanded due to heavy losses sustained on the Eastern Front. This means that the division was almost entirely composed of veteran instructors & Ostkampfer (Eastern Front veterans), hence was considered elite from its creation. This shows through its equipment, for Panzer-Lehr was lavishly equipped with more or better equipment than any other armored division in the Reich: Tiger E, Königstiger, Puma, Jagdpanzer IV, its infantry battalions entirely mounted on half-tracks (against 1/4 for other Panzerdivisions), … Panzer-Lehr was without a doubt the best equipped and most powerful armored division of the Third Reich.
Fritz Bayerlein was chosen to lead this elite unit into battle. A WW1 Bavarian veteran, they took part in the campaign in Poland (1939) and France (1940) as a staff officer under no less than Heinz Guderian. In late 1941, they shipped to North Africa as chief of staff of the Deutsches Afrikakorps (DAK), Rommel's Panzergruppe Afrika‘s armored fist in the desert. Bayerlein struck a good relationship (at least, at first) with the Desert Fox, and was rewarded with promotions, awards & responsibilities. The DAK suffering a high casualty rate, Bayerlein was given temporary commands well above their ranks to fill the gaps, commanding the while DAK for some time, and ending up the Tunisia campaign as chief of staff of the whole german-Italian forces in North Africa, and de facto commander of all its German component. Although their skills and reputation might have been inflated after the war, Bayerlein was nonetheless an experienced panzer commander.
HUNGARY
Less than three months after its creation, Panzer-Lehr was already used for Unternehmen Margarethe, the occupation of Hungary which, although allied to Germany, was conducting secret negotiations to switch to the allied side. This bloodless operation was used as training by Panzer-Lehr. while pursuing its formation.
With Hungary's prime minister replaced by one more amenable to German views, Panzer-Lehr was moved back in France, and D-Day found it in the Chartres-Orléans-Le Mans area. There, as part of Panzegruppe West, it could only be released under Hitler's personal authorization.
FIGHTING FOR CAEN …
As is now common knowledge, this authorization never came in time to allow those divisions to be engaged against the allied bridgehead on June 6th, Hitler and their senior advisors considering Normandy as a diversion and still expecting the main blow to come in the Pas-de-Calais area. Only at 4 PM on June 6th were 12. SS-Panzer & Panzer-Lehr rushed toward Normandy, much too late. Driving their division all night to avoid allied planes, Bayerlein expected to be able to hide during daylight, but they were ordered to keep moving. And thus the Lehr‘s drive to the front became a nightmare: under constant attacks from allied fighter-bombers, the division sustained its first casualties but, more importantly, was seriously delayed.
Finally assembled in Normandy, Panzer-Lehr was engaged from June 8th in the Caen sector. On June 13th, it took part in the battle of Villers-Bocage, already mentioned in our Aces' DevBlog. Panzer-Lehr spent all June covering Caen, fighting off British penetrations. Between June 26th & July 5th, the division was gradually relieved on its position by the 276. Infanterie-Division. In a month of fighting, it had lost 490 killed, 1.809 wounded & 673 missing.
… THEN FOR SAINT-LÔ
The respite was short, though: on July 7th, Panzer-Lehr was ordered back to the front, but this time in the American sector, to defend Saint-Lô. The division was to have the dubious honor of taking part in both of the Normandy campaign's meatgrinders.
On July 11th, the division launch a counter-offensive to recapture the village of Le Desert, lost three days earlier by 2. SS-Panzer. The offensive went well at first, Panzer-Lehr breaking before dawn through the American 39th Infantry Regiment‘s lines and overrunning one of its battalion's HQ. But then they met M10 Wolverines 899th & 823rd Tank Destroyer Battalion. In the ensuing battle, fought in the dark by the muzzles flashes of both sides' guns. By morning, the M10 had delayed, stopped even, the Panzer-Lehr long enough for American reinforcements to join the fight: 9th Infantry Division, 3rd Armored Division, more TDs, US Air Force, … By the end of the day, Bayerlein and their superiors had to admit defeat and pull back, especially since the loss of Hill 192, captured in the meantime by the American 2nd Infantry Division, was bringing the Allied closer from Saint-Lô.
From then on, the division went on the defensive yet couldn't prevent the American entering the ruins of the Norman city on July 19th. By then, Panzer-Lehr was a mere shadow of its former self. But the worst was still to come: Operation Cobra, the major American breakout from bocage country, was planned to drive exactly through the division's new positions outside of Saint-Lô.
On July 25th morning, and for one hour, over 1.500 US Air Force‘s B-17 & B-24 bombers as well as about 1.000 fighters & fighter-bombers, unleashed one of the greatest carpet-bombing of the war. About 5.000 bombs per square kilometer. And right on the receiving end was Panzer-Lehr, or what remained of it at that moment. Yet, despite later claims by Bayerlein, it doesn't seem that casualties, either in men or vehicles, were very high. But the breakdown of communications between units and a great number of shell-shocked men disrupted the division's ability to oppose the American charge. Despite strong pockets of resistance still fighting two days later, including artillery elements engaging American tanks in direct combat, Panzer-Lehr‘s positions didn't form a continuous line, and Allied troops were able to penetrate or bypass them.
Although Bayerlein later claimed that their division was “annihilated” that day (Cobra), it still had 11.000 men & 33 serviceable tanks or assault guns ready by August 1st. Out of that number, a Kampfgruppe Hauser was formed to support the Fallschirmjäger while the rest sent to Alençon for refitting, where a second Kampfgruppe was formed with replacements, repaired vehicles and stragglers rejoining their units. For the rest of the campaign, or by that point, the retreat toward the Seine, then Germany, Panzer-Lehr was split in two or three independent Kampfgruppen supporting local units.
AFTER NORMANDY
Once in Germany, Panzer-Lehr was refitted but once again, the respite was short and it had to fight-off American penetrations near Saverne. Which meant it was only incompletely refitted when the Ardennes counter-offensive began. By a combination of factors (traffic jams, the inability of 26. Volksgrenadier-Division to clear the way quickly, American resistance, … and even Guderian's gullibility), Panzer-Lehr‘s advance was very slow, much too slow: when it finally reached Bastogne, the American 101st Airborne had just gotten there ahead of us. Against the odds, the Battered Bastards of Bastogne managed to hold the town, and Panzer-Lehr soon found itself facing Patton's men coming to the rescue. When it was finally pulled out of Belgium, Panzer-Lehr had to be rebuilt again, yet as a mere shadow of its former self.
THE PANZER-LEHR DIVISION INGAME
Used as a “fire brigade”, it was sent against the British in the Ruhr, then the Americans at the Remagen bridge. Both counter-attacks ended in failure, and the division, trapped in the Ruhr pocket, surrendered on April 15th.
With only a few light vehicles and a weak economy in Phase A, Panzer-Lehr has to be patient. Although lacking in hitting power in early game, it can nonetheless rely on a strong recon tab, including several SdKfz 234 heavy armored recon cars, enough to fight a delaying action until phase B or even dispute some key positions. Just like the US 3rd Armored, Panzer-Lehr also has the (pricey) advantage of having all its infantry “gepanzert“, that is “armored”: from phase A to C, the whole of its infantry tab arrives with SdKfz 251, but for a few commanders in Kubelwagen.
It has to wait for phase B for things to get much better, with the tank tab, so empty in phase A, now offering what's best in the German arsenal: Panzer IV, Panther & Bef.Panther, Tiger E & Bef.Tiger E, … Many of them experienced or even elite. Yet, its economy still doesn't allow for a massive armored charge, choices will have to be made. Yet, once in phase B, one will start finding themselves unconsciously humming Panzerlied in expectation of what's to come …
In Phase C, you get even more of each tank and/or more experienced ones, and even the dreaded late Königstiger (H). But mostly, you've got the economy to match the price of such expensive toys. The best phase C economy actually, on par with the US 3rd Armored.
At well over 33 years of age, Serena Williams is a relative veteran in tennis terms. In their more-than-a-decade long career, they have had to battle it out with at least three different generations of tennis players. Yet, as they approach the twilight years of their career, they show no sign of loosening their grip over women's tennis. On Saturday, 11 July, they added another feather in their cap, as they completed a 'Serena slam' - winning all four majors in a row - for the second time in their career. The win took them to 21 grand slam singles titles, one short of Steffi Graf's 22 titles and three shy of Margaret Court's 24.
Serena vs Muguruza
In the final, Serena was slow coming off the blocks, as they were broken early on by their young Spanish opponent Garbine Muguruza. The 21 year-old Muguruza, who had knocked the American out of the 2014 French Open in straight sets in the second round, looked quite confident as they raced to a 4-2 lead in the first set. Unfortunately for the young finalist, that was when Serena finally hit their stride, as they won 9 of the next 10 games to win the first set, and gain a commanding 5-1 lead in the second. Serena did show some nerves subsequently, when they conceded their two-break advantage to let Muguruza take the second set to the 10th game. With their much younger opponent serving at 4-5, Serena played a flawless game to break their serve to love, and close out the match in straight sets, 6-4, 6-4, clinching their 6th Wimbledon title in the process.
New records broken
Two months short of 34 years, Serena Williams is already the oldest ever World number 1 in women's singles. With their triumph at Wimbledon 2015, they have now become the oldest ever female champion at a grand slam in the Open era.  They are also the first player to win all four majors in a row, twice in their career. The last occasion they had done a 'Serena slam' was in 2002-03. The latest Wimbledon title now puts them three short of Martina Navratilova's record of 9 singles titles at the England Club.
History beckons
In two months' time, Serena Williams could become the first singles player, across both genders, to win a calendar grand slam - winning all the majors in a calendar year - in 27 years, if they win the US Open title. The last player to achieve the feat was Steffi Graf in 1988. By doing so, they will also overtake Chris Evert's record of 6 US Open titles, a record they are currently tied with, to become the first player to win 7 singles titles at Flushing Meadows. To top it off, they will emulate Steffi Graf's Open era record of 22 singles majors, and close down the gap with Margaret Court's overall record to just two titles. Given their domination in the game, especially in the last twelve months, Serena Williams remains the overwhelming favourite to come out triumphant in September.
SUBMISSION RESULTS
We received 262 submissions in a very short period and my thanks goes out to each and every one of the submitters for making my decision so damn hard. We received a lot of strong stories and this was not easy by any means. In addition, I extend heartfelt thank-yous to Sarah Chorn of Bookworm Blues and Mihir Wanchoo of Fantasy Book Critic for their awesome assistance.
Okay, so without further ado, congratulations to S.R. Cambridge and Clay Sanger for making it into the pages of BLACKGUARDS: TALES OF ASSASSINS, MERCENARIES, AND ROGUES!
BLACKGUARDS TABLE OF CONTENTS
Here is the full TOC for BLACKGUARDS:
Foreword by Glen Cook
Introduction by J.M. Martin
“Mainon” by Jean Rabe
“Irindai” by Bradley P. Beaulieu
“The Subtler Art” by Cat Rambo
“Seeds” by Carol Berg
“Jancy's Justice” by Kenny Soward
“Professional Integrity” by Michael J. Sullivan
“Troll Trouble” by Richard Lee Byers
“A Better Man” by Paul S. Kemp
“First Kill” by Django Wexler
“Manhunt” by Mark Smylie
“Better to Live than to Die” by John Gwynne
“The Secret” by Mark Lawrence
“Friendship” by Laura Resnick
“The First Kiss” by Clay Sanger
“The White Rose Thief” by Shawn Speakman
“A Length of Cherrywood” by Peter Orullian
“A Taste of Agony” by Tim Marquitz
“What Gods Demand” by James A. Moore
“Take You Home” by David Dalglish
“Seeking the Shadow” by Joseph R. Lallo
“Sun and Steel” by Jon Sprunk
“The Betyár and the Magus” by S.R. Cambridge
“A Kingdom and a Horse” by Snorri Kristjansson
“Thieves at the Gate” by James Enge
“His Kikuta Hands” by Lian Hearn
“The Lord Collector” by Anthony Ryan
“Scream” by Anton Strout
BLACKGUARDS BLACKLIST AUTHORS/TOC
Also, congratulations to eleven more awesome authors who have filled up the contents of the BLACKGUARDS BLACKLIST. Here is the table of contents:
“Angel of Tears” by Erik Scott de Bie
“To the End” by Rob J. Hayes
“The Assassination of Poppy Smithswife” by Sam Knight
“Comeuppance” by Linda Robertson
“The Lonesome Dark” by Anthony Lowe
“Gret” by Brenda Carre
“To Steal the Moon” by Rebecca Lovatt
“Laughing Wind” by Noah Heinrich
“The Muttwhelp” by Edward M. Erdelac
“Bloody Gratitude” by Mike Theodorsson
“Telhinsol's Shadow” by S.M. White
If you are not among these listed here, you are now free to submit your stories elsewhere, and although I did not choose your story this time, I enjoyed reading them and this has been a great experience. Thank you all so much for thinking highly enough of our project to take the time to submit your story. I don't take a single one of you lightly for pursuing that which you love, the awesome art of fantasy writing. It's such a wonderful endeavor. Please continue writing and submitting!
And thank you, most generous and honored backers, for your long-suffering patience. Now that all the stories are assigned and edited, we have but a couple pieces of art left (for Clay's and S.R.'s stories) and then Shawn King and I will begin production in earnest. The digital rewards will follow soon thereafter, followed by the print editions (manufactured and fulfilled by the great folks at Thomson-Shore).
Thanks again, and HAPPY HOLIDAYS! Let's ROK on into 2015 and make it a banner year!
Joe
-----
OTHER RAGNAROK NEWS
With the release of TINKERMAGE, Kenny Soward now has two books out in their GnomeSaga series and book #1 — entitled ROUGH MAGICK — has recently received enough media attention lately it's started bouncing around the #10-#12 spot in Kindle sales rankings the past couple days:
Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #10,591 Paid in Kindle Store
• #10 in Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Science Fiction > Steampunk • #11 in Books > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Science Fiction > Steampunk
If you enjoy epic fantasy blended with steampunk (we call it "gnomepunk" here at the 'Rok), you should give this series an extended look.
Additionally, we've announced the acquisition of ANGELIC KNIGHT PRESS as our new Supernatural Horror imprint. For more details about this new development, head on over to our website and check out the press release on our blog. Titles will begin rolling out in early 2015, so bookmark ragnarokpub.com to stay apprised or sign up for our newsletter.
USC has a potential No. 1 overall pick in quarterback Sam Darnold, yet it has been the other members of the backfield that have emerged as the focal point of the offense to start the season.
The Trojans out-Stanforded No. 14 Stanford, running the ball down the throats of the Cardinal in a resounding 42–24 win Saturday night at the Los Angeles Coliseum.
USC's rushing attack, highlighted by dynamic junior Ronald Jones II and first-year student phenom Stephen Carr, accounted for 307 yards on the ground on 48 carries. This isn't a traditional tailback duo either—Jones II and Carr are best described as lightning and lightning. But each ball-carrier not only possesses home-run speed but can also grind it between the tackles.
Jones is averaging 6.7 yards per carry and has already found pay dirt five times in USC's first two games. Their explosiveness and willingness to mix it up with would-be tacklers has made them a nightmare for defenses. The Trojans fed them the ball on six of their first seven plays of Saturday's game, setting a tone that Stanford struggled to match for the remainder of the contest.
The scary part? Carr may be even freakier.
After starting the season fourth on USC's depth chart, the heralded five-star first-year student has already been elevated to the No. 2 spot on the depth chart. Carr made a normally imposing Stanford front look like it was running on empty, as they scampered for 119 yards on just 11 carries. Their strong cutting ability and burst makes them a threat to turn any snap into a big play. Again, for emphasis: He's a true first-year student.
The Trojans truly dominated in the trenches after the break. In the second half, USC outrushed Stanford 185–25, draining the Cardinal and the clock. The Trojans looked like vintage Stanford, completely suffocating the opposition down the stretch with their physicality.
During the Lane Kiffin and Steve Sarkisian eras, the Trojans were maddeningly susceptible to getting punched in the mouth by more physical teams. What Saturday night against Stanford showed is that this year's team can really wear down its opponents with its ground game—that belief hasn't crossed the minds of the Cardinal and Gold faithful in a long time. Sam Darnold completed 21 of their 26 throws for 316 yards and four touchdowns, yet they were almost an afterthought with the way Jones II and Carr stole the show.
On the flip side, the Trojans still have their fair share of issues, particularly with the run defense, the special teams and the coaching staff.
USC, however, poses an even bigger problem to future opponents with the frightening rushing attack evident through two games. It's even possible that the Trojans own the best running back tandem in college football—yes, even over Georgia—for the first time since the Reggie Bush and LenDale White days.
At 11 consecutive victories, USC currently holds the second-longest winning streak in the country, only trailing Oklahoma's 12. If the Trojans want to parlay their scorching-hot play into a first-ever playoff appearance, they'll have to continue to ride on the backs—and legs—of Jones and Carr.
This Saturday marks one full year since the US military began its still-undeclared war against Islamic State that the government officials openly acknowledge will last indefinitely. What do we have to show for it? So far, billions of dollars have been spent, thousands of bombs have been dropped, hundreds of civilians have been killed and Isis is no weaker than it was last August, when the airstrikes began.
But don't take it from me – that's the conclusion of the US intelligence community itself. As the Associated Press reported a few days ago, the consensus view of the US intelligence agencies is that Isis is just as powerful as it was a year ago, and they can replace fighters faster than they are getting killed.
Like it does for every stagnant and endless war, this inconvenient fact will likely will only lead others to call for more killing, rather than an introspection on why continuing to bomb the same region for decades does not actually work. Perhaps we're not firing missiles at a high enough rate, they'll say, perhaps we need a full-scale ground invasion, or perhaps we need to kill more civilians to really damage the enemy (yes, this is an actual argument war mongers have been making).
Speaking of civilian deaths, they've barely gotten mention in the media over the past twelve months, likely because the US military has, somewhat incredibly, only admitted to two civilians casualties in an entire year of airstrikes spanning multiple countries. A new report by journalists and researchers in the region argues that the real number is probably around 500 civilians. Good luck getting the US military to come close to acknowledging that, though. Despite credible reports about civilian casualties almost immediately after the war started, it took the US nearly six months to admit there were any at all. And it's tougher than ever for members of the media to travel into these war zones, and even when they head over with military officials, they are tightly restricted.
For now, there are already plans to launch more drone strikes in Libya, increased air power in Syria and who knows what is in store for Iraq. What the next year will bring as US presidential candidates vie for who can be “tougher” against Isis is anyone's guess.
The war-hungry contingent is aided by an increasingly hysterical media which will gladly blare Isis' terrorism message to maximum effect, while never asking if US actions are actually the thing causing so many terrorists to supposedly target the US. The New York Times front-page headline on Tuesday is a perfect example of the skeptical-free reporting that will keep the public rearing to go for more military action: “Isis or Al Qaeda? American Officials Split Over Top Terror Threat.”
Still, not a single attack involving Isis inside the United States has occurred, but that hasn't stopped government officials from proposing multiple new laws that would invade our privacy and erode our constitutional rights.
One year on, we're now seemingly farther away from Congressional authorization for this war than we've ever been. This time last year, there were a range of op-eds from legal experts across the political spectrum explaining that a sustained war against Isis is plainly illegal if Congress does not vote on it. Now, that's virtually been forgotten. Most news organizations don't bother bringing up the subject anymore, and even the nascent talk in Congress has all but evaporated.
So the White House is seemingly free to use the authorization for war in Afghanistan to fight a war in Syria and Iraq, against an enemy that didn't exist at the time al-Qaida attacked the US on 9/11 (and which al-Qaida now hates as well.) The White House has apparently expanded its reach even further, claiming it can use the al-Qaida war authorization to launch missiles at anyone trying to fight the US-backed “moderate” rebels in Syria, including Syria's dictator, Bashar al-Assad.
Speaking of Syria, the “plan” to arm the Syrian rebels to defeat Isis, is by all accounts, a complete disaster. I say “plan” in quotation marks because it was clear from the start - even by those who engineered the policy - that arming them would not work. The CIA's own study concluded arming revolutionary movements almost always has terrible results – the President said as much in an interview months before they proposed Congress do exactly that. Besides the CIA had been arming the rebels for years with no success.
Congress was apparently kept in the dark about the CIA study and the agency's own arming scheme that had been going on (and not working) for two years prior.
Now the US has spent hundreds of millions on just 60 rebels, who finally entered the country, only to be promptly ambushed, where many of their members were killed or captured. The perpetrators were not Isis, but the al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaida offshoot that is also considers Isis their enemy.
US officials were apparently shocked that the al-Nusra Front would attack the rebels despite the fact that the US has been engaged in a bombing campaign targeting the group in Syria, and the fact that another group of CIA-backed rebels were attacked by al-Nusra Front the year before.
It is the perfect analogy to the Isis war so far: a tragic waste with no clear goal and no end in sight.
YEREVAN, APRIL 26, ARMENPRESS. 16 “UAZ” vehicles were allocated to the NKR Defense Army by representatives of Armenian communities of Sochi, Adler, Khosta and Lazarevsk. The ceremony took place in Stepanakert's Revival Square on April 25. The event was attended by Deputy PM of NKR Artur Aghabekyan and government officials; “Armenpress” was informed by the department of Information and Public Relations of the NKR government.
NKR PM Arayik Harutyunyan later received the delegations of the abovementioned Russian cities.
Harutyunyan expressed gratitude for their support.
“This unity, that has been formed during these days around Artsakh by Diaspora Armenians, once again proves the victorious Armenian spirit. On behalf of the people of Artsakh I express gratitude to Armenians of Sochi, Adler, Khosta and Lazarevsk, as well as all Armenians abroad, who are standing with Artsakh”, the PM said.
8+ Best TH7 Trophy Base 2019 (New!)
Only Latest and Best th7 trophy base layouts 2019 To Reach 2000+ Cups Soon. These layouts can defend against Giants, Dragons. Hop Inside to have a look at this town hall 7 centered trophy layouts specially designed for you.
best th7 trophy base 2019
So, we put a lot of effort in designing the base to save cups rather than resources. These bases look somewhat similar to that of war bases. We need to defend opponents from getting close to 2 stars or less than 50% overall damage.
clash of clans town hall 7 trophy base
clash of clans th7 trophy base designs
[su_carousel source=”media: 4066,4065,4064,4068,4067″ limit=”5″ link=”post” target=”blank” width=”900″ height=”140″ responsive=”yes” title=”no”]
coc town hall 7 trophy base anti everything
Best Level 7 Trophy Pushing Layout
[su_carousel source=”media: 4066,4065,4064,4068,4067″ limit=”5″ link=”post” target=”blank” width=”900″ height=”140″ responsive=”yes” title=”no”][su_carousel source=”media: 4066,4065,4064,4068,4067″ limit=”5″ link=”post” target=”blank” width=”900″ height=”140″ responsive=”yes” title=”no”]
The above-mentioned designs can withstand various attacks such as dragons, giants, and combination of various other attacks.
The main features are
Defensive buildings are evenly distributed. The collectors, mines, and storage's are kept outside the compartment because we are focusing much on saving cups than resources. Centralized Clan Castle Placement to defend opponents in multiplayer battle.
Defensive structures and buildings used are
4 builders's hut, Elixir Collectors, Clan Castle, Gold Storage's, Dark Elixir Drill, Barracks, Research Laboratory, Elixir Storage's, Spell Factor, Dark Elixir Storage, Army Camps, Barracks, Gold Mines, Dark Barrack.
Buildings
Archer Towers, Bombs, Hidden Tesla's, Air Bombs, Air Sweeper, Mortars, Seeking Air Mine, Air Defenses, Cannons, Wizard Towers, Giant Bombs, Spring Traps, Walls.
Barbarian king (bk).
Let us know whats your opinion about the above mentioned layouts of town hall 7 . If you got any best designs, then let us know in the comment section provided below, so that we can reach out and publish your designs in this website.
The public beta of Twitter OAuth support has been released and I'm excited to introduce a new library that I've been working on called TwitterAuth. TwitterAuth is a Rails plugin that provides a full external authentication stack for Rails applications utilizing Twitter. Think of it as “Twitter Connect” for Rails, letting you create an application that may be logged into using only Twitter credentials.
TwitterAuth supports both OAuth and HTTP Basic (though OAuth is certainly the recommended strategy) giving you maximum flexibility for building the application. Without further ado, let's get into the installation and usage of TwitterAuth!
Installation
TwitterAuth is available as a GemPlugin, so the preferred way to install it is simply to add it as a dependency in your config/environment.rb :
config.gem 'twitter-auth', :lib => 'twitter_auth' 1 config . gem 'twitter-auth' , : lib =& gt ; 'twitter_auth'
You can also choose to install it as a traditional Rails plugin:
script/plugin install git://github.com/mbleigh/twitter-auth.git 1 script / plugin install git : //github.com/mbleigh/twitter-auth.git
Once you've installed it, you're ready to create a new application using TwitterAuth!
The Low-Down
TwitterAuth uses Rails 2.3 Engine support to completely encapsulate the login process within itself. All you need to do is run a generator to make all of the support files necessary in your application. Run it with the --basic option if you want to use HTTP Basic, otherwise it will default to OAuth.
script/generate twitter_auth 1 script / generate twitter_auth
This generates a User class, a migration, and twitter_auth.yml . You will need to edit twitter_auth.yml to match the settings of your application, such as providing the OAuth client token and secret.
Once you've migrated, that's it! You are up and running with Twitter authentication; just point users at /login to start the process (login and registration are handled in a single step). For more detailed usage information including how to access the Twitter API through TwitterAuth, take a look at the README file.
The source for TwitterAuth is available on GitHub. I have also created a Lighthouse Project for the reporting of any bugs you may come across. There is also a basic homepage that will be listing who's using TwitterAuth.
If you're pretty familiar with Rails authentication systems (particularly Restful Authentication), this is probably all you need to know to get started. Go forth and make awesome apps! If not, I've written a quick run-through of the whole process to make it easy for anyone to get started with Twitter apps.
A Quick Run-Through
I think the best way to show what TwitterAuth is capable of is just to show how quickly you can build a simple Twitter application with it. To that end, let's build a simple way to look at your friends' timeline in an old-school text-based way (note, this is a totally useless application but works well for a quick demo). First we need to generate the app:
rails texty-twitter 1 rails texty - twitter
Next we want to install TwitterAuth on the application, so we'll add this to our config/environment.rb :
config.gem 'twitter-auth', :lib => 'twitter_auth' 1 config . gem 'twitter-auth' , : lib =& gt ; 'twitter_auth'
Once we have hooked TwitterAuth into the application, we will want to run the generator to build the support files we need:
script/generate twitter_auth --oauth 1 script / generate twitter_auth -- oauth
Before I start on application logic I always lay out a basic HTML layout. Here it is for this application (in app/views/layouts/master.html.erb ):
<html> <head> <style type='text/css'> ul.tweets { list-style: none; margin: 0; padding: 0; } ul.tweets li { font-family: monospace; font-size: 14px; padding: 4px 8px; } ul.tweets li a { color: #fa0; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; } </style> </head> <body> <%= yield %> </body> </html> 1 & lt ; html & gt ; & lt ; head & gt ; & lt ; style type = 'text/css' & gt ; ul . tweets { list - style : none ; margin : 0 ; padding : 0 ; } ul . tweets li { font - family : monospace ; font - size : 14px ; padding : 4px 8px ; } ul . tweets li a { color : #fa0; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; } </style> </head> <body> <%= yield %> </body> </html>
The next step is to edit config/twitter_auth.yml to reflect our OAuth client key and secret (to register your application log in to Twitter and visit http://twitter.com/oauth_clients). Other than the client key and secret, the defaults are fine for our purposes. We've now set up a basic TwitterAuth application; that's really all there is to it. So now let's make it a working Twitter application. First let's generate a controller:
script/generate controller timeline 1 script / generate controller timeline
This will just be a one-action controller that will render out the main timeline for the logged-in user in an text-based manner. Here are the contents of the controller:
class TimelineController < ApplicationController # this requires us to log in through Twitter before accessing any actions here before_filter :login_required def index @tweets = current_user.twitter.get('/statuses/friends_timeline') end end 1 class TimelineController & lt ; ApplicationController # this requires us to log in through Twitter before accessing any actions here before_filter :login_required def index @tweets = current_user.twitter.get('/statuses/friends_timeline') end end
In this action, current_user is the logged-in user, and the twitter method provides a simple wrapper around the Twitter REST API that will automatically parse JSON API requests into Ruby hashes for you to use in your application. So current_user.twitter.get('/statuses/friends_timeline') will grab the latest statuses from your friends' timeline (the main timeline you see when you're logged in to Twitter) as an array of hashes. Now let's display the tweets by creating app/views/timeline/index.html.erb :
<ul class='tweets'> <% for tweet in @tweets %> <li><%= link_to tweet['user']['screen_name'] + ':', 'http://twitter.com/' + tweet['user']['screen_name'], :target => '_blank' %> <%= tweet['text'] %></li> <% end %> </ul> 1 & lt ; ul class = 'tweets' & gt ; & lt ; % for tweet in @ tweets % & gt ; & lt ; li & gt ; & lt ; %= link_to tweet [ 'user' ] [ 'screen_name' ] + ':' , 'http://twitter.com/' + tweet [ 'user' ] [ 'screen_name' ] , : target =& gt ; '_blank' % & gt ; & lt ; %= tweet [ 'text' ] % & gt ; & lt ; / li & gt ; & lt ; % end % & gt ; & lt ; / ul & gt ;
This simply goes through each of the tweets we pulled down and adds a list item with a link to the author of the tweet and the content of the tweet. The structure of the hashes are identical to their description in the Return Elements section of the Twitter API wiki.
Finally, we need to add some routing to tie everything together. Make the config/routes.rb look like this:
ActionController::Routing::Routes.draw do |map| map.root :controller => 'stream', :action => 'index' end 1 ActionController :: Routing :: Routes . draw do | map | map . root : controller =& gt ; 'stream' , : action =& gt ; 'index' end
And we're done! Fire up your server with script/server and go to http://localhost:3000/ . If everything is working properly, it should redirect you to Twitter with a screen like this:
Once you click through and hit allow, it should then take you back and display your tweet stream in an old-school text interface, something like this:
It's a simple and useless application, but in about 10-15 minutes you've created a fully-functioning Rails application that accesses the Twitter API and stores user information. Not bad!
See You At RailsConf!
TwitterAuth is a big part of what I will be talking about at RailsConf in my session ‘Twitter on Rails'. if you're interested in the plugin and attending RailsConf in May I hope you'll stop by; I'll be building an entire Twitter application from scratch during the 45 minute presentation. Also, feel free to follow me on Twitter if you're so inclined.
57.1 Million PS4 Shipped by Sony as of December 2016; PlayStation Sales and Income Soar
Giuseppe Nelva February 2, 2017 1:08:55 AM EST
Sony Corporation announced today its financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, ended on December 31st.
As you can see in the table below, all the profit figures are in the black, despite a significant drop of income year-on-year, mostly due to the Sony Pictures segment.
The accompanying press release came with a detailed explanation of the company's performance during the quarter.
“Sales and operating revenue (“Sales”) decreased by 7.1% compared to the same quarter of the previous fiscal year (“year-on-year”) to 2,397.5 billion yen (20,668 million U.S. dollars). This decrease was mainly due to the impact of foreign exchange rates. On a constant currency basis, sales were essentially flat year-on-year, due to significant increases in Game & Network Services (“G&NS”) and Semiconductor segment sales, substantially offset by a significant decrease in Mobile Communications (“MC”) segment sales. For further details about the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on sales and operating income (loss), see Notes on page 10. Operating income decreased 109.8 billion yen year-on-year to 92.4 billion yen (796 million U.S. dollars). This significant decrease was mainly due to the 962 million U.S. dollars (112.1 billion yen) impairment charge of goodwill recorded in the Pictures segment. As announced on January 30, 2017, Sony made a downward revision in the future profitability projection for the Motion Pictures business within the Pictures segment. Due to the revision, it was determined that the entire amount of goodwill, 962 million U.S. dollars (112.1 billion yen), in the Production & Distribution reporting unit of the Pictures segment, which includes the Motion Pictures business, was impaired and an operating loss was recorded in the Pictures segment. In the same quarter of the previous fiscal year, a 30.6 billion yen impairment charge related to long-lived assets of the battery business was recorded in the Components segment. During the current quarter, restructuring charges, net, decreased 1.0 billion yen year-on-year to 5.1 billion yen (44 million U.S. dollars). This amount is recorded as an operating expense included in the above-mentioned operating income. “
Following, we get an update on PS4 shipments: the console shipped 9.7 Million units between October 1st and December 31st. This brings the shipments total to 57.1 million units as of December 31st.
Of those, we already know that (according to Sony's estimates) 53.4 million units have been sold through to customers as of January 1st.
Sony also provided a specific breakdown of the results of the Game & Network segment of the business, which includes PlayStation and PlayStation Network.
A 5.3% increase in revenue was determined mostly by higher PS4 digital software sales on the PlayStation Network, and the debut of PlayStation VR. This was partially offset by price cuts of PS4 hardware.
Operating income saw a considerable 24% increase mostly due to PS4 hardware production cost reductions and a climb in PS4 software sales. Again, this was partially impacted by PS4 price cuts.
“Sales increased 5.2% year-on-year (a 15% increase on a constant currency basis) to 617.7 billion yen (5,325 million U.S. dollars). This increase was primarily due to an increase in PlayStation 4 (“PS4”) software sales including sales through the network and the contribution of PlayStation VR which was launched in October 2016, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange rates as well as the impact of a price reduction for PS4 hardware. Operating income increased 9.9 billion yen year-on-year to 50.0 billion yen (431 million U.S. dollars). This significant increase was primarily due to PS4 hardware cost reductions and the above-mentioned increase in PS4 software sales, partially offset by the effects of the price reduction for PS4 hardware. During the current quarter, there was a 1.4 billion yen positive impact from foreign exchange rate fluctuations.”
We also get a breakdown of sales to customers in millions of yen for the Game & Network segment, split by Hardware, Network and Other.
This quarter hardware overtook network sales once more after three quarters of PSN primacy, likely due to PS4 console and PlayStation VR purchases during the Holiday season, even if the gap is much smaller than in the same period during the past fiscal year.
Last, but not least, we get the forecast for the current fiscal year, ending on March 31st, 2017, both for the company as a whole, and split by segment.
In particular, the outlook for the Game & Network services has been increased by 3.1% for sales since the prediction published in November, while the operating income forecast remains the same.
Predicted sales for PS4 for the whole fiscal year also remain at 20 million, unchanged from November's outlook.
Husband-and-wife team Tom Gallo and Susan Devitt have been forced by E. & J. Gallo Winery to change the name of their small company from “GalloLea Pizza Kits” to “BelloLea Artisan Kitchen.” The name change is a result of a December 2012 accusation in that the small, Asheville-based company was infringing on the California company's trademark.
Tom Gallo, left, and Sue Devitt mix pizza sauce for the pizza kits they make at Blue Ridge Food Ventures. They recently were forced to change the name of their product from GalloLea Pizza Kit to BelloLea by Gallo Winery. (Photo: Bill Sanders , wsanders@citizen-times.com )
A small local food company has run afoul of a wine-making behemoth.
Husband-and-wife team Tom Gallo and Susan Devitt have been forced by E. & J. Gallo Winery to change the name of their small company from “GalloLea Pizza Kits” to “BelloLea Artisan Kitchen.” The name change is a result of a December 2012 accusation in that the small, Asheville-based company was infringing on the California winery's trademark.
E. & J. Gallo Winery is the largest exporter of California wine, and one of the largest wineries in the world. Dozens of brands fall under the company's label, including Barefoot Wine, Turning Leaf, Carlo Rossi and Boone's Farm.
Tom Gallo, half of the GalloLea moniker (the other half belongs to a family friend), said they are, at first, determined to continue to use their family name on their pizza kit, which incorporates their grandmother's pizza sauce recipe.
“But that was before we understood how things progress,” said Devitt, noting the Gallo brothers' history of litigious behavior.
In 1989, Ernest and Julio Gallo won a lawsuit against their own younger brother, Joseph, to prevent them from using their own name on their brand of cheese.
According to a 1989 Los Angeles Times article about the contentious three-year legal battle, the wine-making Gallos “accused their brother of running a rat-infested cheese plant; lawyers for Joseph Gallo, the cheese maker, countered with accusations that their brothers made cheap wine to sell to drunks.”
A fighting chance?
After being approached by the winery, Gallo and Devitt sought legal counsel, figuring their small business had a fighting chance to win the argument and the name.
“We thought we were fine because we were in a completely different class in the world of trademarks,” said Devitt, adding that their company was trademarked in Class 30 under Pizza Kits. “E. & J. Gallo Winery does not sell anything in Class 30,” they said.
But that doesn't matter to E. & J. Gallo Winery, which settled a suit in the early 2000s to keep Spanish pasta company, Gallo Pasta, from selling its product in the U.S. Gallo, pronounced “guy-oh” in Spanish, means “rooster.”
When E. & J. Gallo discovered in 2009 that a small Seattle store, The Spanish Table, was selling the product, the winery's lawyers delivered a cease and desist order informing the owners of the mom-and-pop shop that they would be sued, unless they removed the pasta from their shelves.
The Spanish Table agreed to remove the products, but not before publishing a huge ad in the Seattle Times sharing the settlement offer Gallo made.
Tom Gallo and Devitt were refused requests for a settlement to cover the cost of re-packaging their product, they said.
“We also tried to settle with them by saying we would not trademark our name, we just wanted to use it, and we went back and forth with them quite a bit,” said Devitt.
Devitt said that the winery agreed to let the couple use the name — with some stipulations.
The couple would have to promise they would not grow the business more than 20 percent beyond where it was in 2013, and that they would never make anything other than pizza kits. Further, the winery would have to vet any potential investors before they bought into GalloLea.
“You get to this point where you realize that this is just going to go on and on,” said Devitt. “They have a legal department that needs projects, and we just felt like eventually there was no way that we could really win it.”
Back to the drawing board
Even with the legal battle behind them, the couple has to work on creating new packaging and marketing materials. “Everything has to change,” said Devitt. “Every time I turn around, I think, ‘Oh, I have to update that.' It's a ton of work, and losing all of that traction is really devastating.”
The couple estimates they've lost an estimated $140,000 in legal fees, marketing and new-packaging costs. “For us that's devastating,” said Tom Gallo.
“That's just part of business in the huge corporate world,” said Devitt.
Although they are satisfied with the new name, Devitt said losing their husband's family name on the product comes at an emotional cost that extends beyond the legal fight.
The owners of the former Amazing Savings grocery stores had a similar yet opposite problem in 2012 when a New Jersey-based company, Simply Amazing, threatened legal action if the artisan and discount grocery store did not change its name. Rather than face a lengthy legal battle, the owners turned Amazing Savings into Hopey & Co.
“The only reason we went with Hopey and company is because it's our family name,” said Troy Hopey.
Hopey said that their company “took a knee and surrendered” by taking its website down and re-branding.
The immediate cost of new signs and logos on trucks and other company-branded paraphernalia, they said, was tough to swallow. “Every business is different,” they said. “But yes, it hurt us.”
But Hopey said that, with social media making it easier for companies to communicate with their audiences, a re-branding is no longer the death knell that it used to be. Their prognosis for Devitt and Gallo is positive.
“Once they get over the hump ... the long-term will be sunny for them,” said Hopey. “If you're plugged in and part of the community, honest and fair, you're always going to have a market when your business is founded on the right principles.”
For more information about BelloLea, visit www.bellolea.com.
Read or Share this story: http://avlne.ws/1lkEDAz
Nassau County Republican chairperson Joseph Mondello is outraged by the bad apples in their party, just shocked by the poison of corruption flowing through the veins of local government. In an interview with Newsday, Mondello said they wanted to drum some individuals, who went unidentified, out of the GOP organization for giving it such a bad name.
But it's not just the corruption conviction of former State Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos or the grand jury investigations of contracting practices in Nassau County and the Town of Oyster Bay that are their problem. Business as usual, even if it shades to the gray side of legal, is what Mondello should worry about.
The latest example is the Nassau Community College board usurping the powers of the school's president to hand a plum $150,000-a-year job to the soon-to-be-out-of-work Kate Murray. Trustees voted to make their “acting general counsel” on Jan. 1.
Mondello surely feels badly about Murray, who didn't seek re-election as Hempstead supervisor because they were the odds-on favorite to win the open seat for district attorney. But Murray got yoked to ongoing scandals in the county, which combined with their lack of credentials for the job of prosecutor to sink their campaign. Honoring their tradition, the GOP power brokers turned to the satellite entities they control to engineer a safe landing for Murray.
Midway through the Dec. 8 meeting of the NCC board, trustee Anthony Cornachio made a motion that Murray should be offered the upcoming vacancy for the job of general counsel for government relations. Videos of the meeting posted online turn hilarious as Cornachio, who a month ago advocated abolishing the job, says he's never met Murray but has heard good things about them Then they wonder whether “Kate” is short for Kathleen or Katherine. On the video, Thomas Dolan, interim president of the college, appears stunned and opposes the move. State regulations reserve the power to appoint staff to the president.
The stealth move hasn't escaped the notice of SUNY Chancellor Nancy Zimpher, who told the editorial board that their office is looking very carefully at what transpired. They said the trustees made a public promise that the college would do a full search for a permanent candidate, and they expect them to do so. They were even more emphatic that Murray not be offered a permanent position until a new college president is chosen, noting that “best practices” dictate that a president should choose senior staff.
Dolan, a respected educator on Long Island, was chosen by Zimpher in an attempt to quell turmoil at the college, which is now in the third year of its search for a new president. Usurping the power of Dolan, who at the outset said they didn't want to be considered for a permanent appointment, risks undercutting the school's ability to attract qualified candidates who see they would inherit a runaway board.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Murray may well be the most qualified to be general counsel, a job with a public and governmental relations component. But the GOP's attitude that it can manipulate government for personal benefit is a form of corruption, because it further erodes the belief that Nassau officials are honest brokers of the public good.
Ethnic Rohingya militants in western Myanmar launched overnight attacks on more than two dozen police and border outposts, leaving 71 people dead, the government said Friday, in a significant escalation of their armed struggle.
The office of the country's leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, said military and border police responded to the Thursday night attacks by launching "clearance operations."
A witness in Maungdaw township, contacted by phone, said soldiers entered their village at about 10 a.m. on Friday, burned homes and property, and shot dead at least 10 people.
The witness, who asked to be identified by their nickname, Emmar, because of fear of retribution, said villagers fled in many directions but mostly to a nearby mountain range. They said gunshots and explosions could be heard and smoke could still be seen Friday evening.
A militant group, the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, or ARSA, took responsibility for the overnight attacks on more than 25 locations, saying they were in defense of Muslim Rohingya communities that had been abused by government forces. It issued its statement on Twitter on an account deemed legitimate by advocates of Rohingya rights.
The clashes were the worst since an attack by the militants on three border posts last October killed nine police officers, setting off months of brutal counterinsurgency operations by Myanmar security forces against Rohingya communities in Rakhine state. Human rights groups accused the army of carrying out massive human rights abuses including killing, rape, and burning down more than 1,000 homes and other buildings.
The army's abuses in turn fueled further resentment toward the government among the Rohingya, most of whom are considered illegal immigrants from neighboring Bangladesh without any of the civil rights of citizens. ARSA took advantage of the resentment by stepping up recruitment of members.
The new attacks seem likely to set off a new cycle of repression and resistance.
The Rohingya have long faced severe discrimination in Buddhist-majority Myanmar and were the targets of inter-communal violence in 2012 that killed hundreds and drove about 140,000 people – predominantly Rohingya– from their homes to camps for the internally displaced, where most remain.
According to the United Nations, more than 80,000 Rohingya have fled to neighboring Bangladesh since last October.
Thursday night's attacks began a few hours after a Rakhine Advisory Commission led by former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan submitted its final report and recommended that the government act quickly to improve economic development and social justice in Rakhine state to resolve violence between Buddhists and the Rohingya Muslim minority.
Suu Kyi's office said on its Facebook page that the attacks were intended to coincide with the release of Mr. Annan's report.
ARSA also referred to the report, saying the army in recent weeks had stepped up activity in order to derail any attempt to implement the recommendations. It said it had tried to avoid conflict until army atrocities became intolerable and action was needed to defend Rohingya civilians.
The announcement from Suu Kyi's office said 30 police outposts had been attacked. It said in addition to the 12 dead, 11 people on the government side had been injured, three seriously. It said the attackers, some of whom were armed with machetes, had seized six guns.
The statement also said the attackers destroyed refugee camps and burned down homes.
One border guard police officer said two officers from their outpost at Taung Pasa village had been killed. "More than 150 Muslim attackers were surrounding our outpost with machetes and guns," the officer, Htun Naing, said by phone.
The Rakhine Advisory Commission, established in August 2016 at Suu Kyi's behest, said the situation in Rakhine state is becoming more precarious and requires a sustained and coordinated effort by civilian and military authorities. The commission has six members from Myanmar and three foreigners, including Annan.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"Unless concerted action led by the government and aided by all sectors of the government and society is taken soon, we risk the return of another cycle of violence and radicalization, which will further deepen the chronic poverty that afflicts Rakhine state," Annan said at a news conference in Yangon to present the report.
This story was reported by The Associated Press.
LONDON (MarketWatch) — Now this is Greek tragedy.
Greece's Athex Composite GD, +0.88% tanked almost 13% Tuesday — the biggest drop for the index on record, according to FactSet. The renewed jitters came after the government, in a surprise move late Monday, said it would bring forward presidential elections to Dec. 17, potentially, setting the scene for snap elections in early 2015.
Here's why that's important: Far-left party Syriza currently is leading the early polls and it seems likely they would win a snap election. This is how to think about Syriza:
The party has been calling for an end to austerity in Greece
Has been campaigning for market-unfriendly measures
Is firmly against the international bailout program that helped the country avoid a default during the depths of its financial crisis.
How bad is Greece's Tuesday collapse? It's worse than the 9.7% drop the market saw Oct. 24, 2010, at the peak of Greek debt worries. The drop also eclipses the 10% fall Greek markets saw in 1989 during a bout of political turmoil.
“If there is uncertainty about Greece's political commitment to the bailout program, it seems likely that the QE opposition within the ECB has some temporary tailwinds,” analysts at RBC Capital Markets said in a note. “If that is the case, the [ECB] January meeting (due on 22 January) could be a quite contentious one, and the ECB might choose to wait until after the elections in Greece to decide further measures.”
With Greece's problems once again in the limelight, investors all across Europe. the Stoxx Europe 600 index SXXP, +0.39% slumped 2.3%, while Germany's DAX 30 index DAX, +0.31% fell 2.2% and France's CAC 40 index PX1, +0.13% gave up 2.5%.
Greek government bond yields GR:GR10YT jumped 75 basis point to 7.90%, according to electronic trading platform Tradeweb.
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
Ian Mckellen Describes Hobbit in 3D
There has been a lot of debate of whether or not it is a good or bad decision to shoot the new Hobbit movies in 3D, as there are many who feel that 3D changes the authenticity of a film. Contrary to this, there are many who believe that witnessing the Hobbit in 3D will be an amazing experience, especially with Peter Jackson directing the ship.
Ian Mckellen gave us a taste of what we can expect. Being much of a critic himself, Mckellen was floored by the technology used to generate the 3D images and just how real everything looked. After hearing that Martin Freeman (Bilbo) was being shot in 3D, Mckellen headed over to the studio to see just how it looked. This is what they said,
“Indeed, there [Freeman] was in the open air, mostly oblivious to the camera, though turning this way and that as required,” wrote the erstwhile Gandalf. “Martin improvised a hobbity gait, padding back and forth, testing their big hairy Hobbit feet, pointy ears and little tum. [The] screen showed the familiar 2D image but next to it, above the director's chair, was a large colour screen in full magical three dimensions, much as it will appear in the cinema — courtesy of the spy-glasses that transform the blurred outlines onscreen to the high definition exactitude of the 3D effect.”
The truth of the matter is that indeed movies can be very well done in 3D, with the right direction and planning (See Avatar). Peter Jackson knows the responsibility it is to make these movies and we know that they will surprise critics with just how great this movie will look, especially in 3D. We will keep you posted.
What are your thoughts about The Hobbit movie being in 3D? Discuss them in our forum, linked below.
The decision came out of a 2015 case in Moffat County, where a drug-sniffing dog named Kilo alerted officers to the presence of an illegal drug in a truck driven by Craig resident Kevin McKnight, The (Grand Junction) Sentinel reported.
But because Kilo could not tell officers whether they smelled pot or other drugs, the search was illegal, judges wrote. The dog was trained to identify to detect cocaine, heroin, Esctasy, methamphetamine and marijuana. Marijuana possession by adults over 21 is legal in Colorado.
“A dog sniff could result in an alert with respect to something for which, under Colorado law, a person has a legitimate expectation of privacy,” judges wrote in the ruling.
“Because a dog sniff of a vehicle could infringe upon a legitimate expectation of privacy solely under state law, that dog sniff should now be considered a ‘search' … where the occupants are 21 years or older.”
More: Court: Neighbors can sue Colorado pot growers for stinky smells
Courts in other states with legal marijuana for medical or recreational purposes have said that a pot smell alone is insufficient for a warrantless search. Those states include Arizona and California.
The smell of marijuana in a Colorado search is still sufficient if there are other factors that raise an officer's suspicion.
The Colorado Supreme Court ruled in 2016 that a drug dog's smell test can “contribute” to a probable cause determination if the suspects are doing something else to raise suspicion.
“The odor of marijuana is still suggestive of criminal activity,” the Supreme Court wrote in that decision.
But in the Moffat County case, judges concluded that the dog's alert did more than “contribute” to a decision to search the car because the man gave no indication they were impaired or doing anything illegal.
“The police lacked the requisite reasonable suspicion to subject McKnight's truck to a dog sniff,” judge wrote.
The resulting search turned up a glass pipe commonly used to smoke meth, and McKnight was later convicted of possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of a controlled substance.
The decision reverses McKnight's conviction.
More: Insurance study ties legal pot to boost in car crash claims
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Heart of Midlothian 1-2 Kilmarnock
Kilmarnock recorded their first win under manager Steve Clarke as Adam Frizzell's late strike consigned Hearts to a third consecutive defeat.
Visiting goalkeeper Jamie MacDonald touched an Isma drive on to the outside of the post after only five minutes.
But Hearts fell out the game and Kris Boyd broke clear to fire past keeper Jon McLaughlin on the half-hour mark.
Isma hit the post again then looked to have salvaged a point with a fine curling drive until Frizzell pounced.
Hearts end their rental of Murrayfield Stadium with one win, one draw and two defeats and head back to the redeveloped Tynecastle with the boos of home fans ringing in their ears.
It was the first time Kilmarnock had found the net in three meetings with Hearts and their win ends a run of four games without a win over the Edinburgh side.
Clarke had led the Ayrshire outfit - now unbeaten in their last five games away from Rugby Park - to draws with Celtic and Rangers before a midweek defeat by Hibernian since succeeding Lee McCulloch.
And their first three points lift Kilmarnock above Partick Thistle into third bottom spot in the Scottish Premiership, only four points behind sixth-placed Hearts.
Hearts fans were on their feet in the fifth minute to pay homage to their former midfielder, Stefano Salvatori, who died in midweek.
During the appreciation, their side came close to opening the scoring when Isma forced in a shot that MacDonald did well to tip on to the post.
Kris Boyd broke the deadlock for Kilmarnock at Murrayfield
Kilmarnock slowly found their way into the game and midfielder Alan Power was instrumental in the visitors taking the lead.
After their long ball through to Boyd, the veteran striker was clinical with their finish to give Killie the lead.
Within two minutes of the second half, they almost doubled their advantage when Greg Taylor pulled their shot wide from 12 yards.
Hearts were beginning to show more urgency and MacDonald had to be quick off their line as Isma raced through on goal.
Isma looked the most likely player to score if Hearts were to get back in the game and, when they were denied for the second time by the woodwork, Kyle Lafferty could not not capitalise on the rebound.
With 15 minutes left, Hearts drew level when Isma collected the ball on the edge of the box and curled a brilliant right-foot shot into the top corner.
The Portuguese was denied again when MacDonald pulled off another wonderful save from close range.
Just when it looked as if the points would be shared, substitute Frizzell turned swiftly inside the penalty box before firing home to send the visiting fans inside the crowd of 16,347 into raptures of delight.
TAMPA, Fla. -- When Kwon Alexander was drafted in the fourth round, the common assumption was they would challenge Danny Lansanah for the starting job at strong-side linebacker.
As it turns out, Lansanah's job is safe. Part of that is because Lansanah has had a nice camp. But it also is because Alexander has shown they can play another position.
Alexander has been working primarily at middle linebacker, where the Bucs brought in free agent Bruce Carter to be the starter. But that no longer is guaranteed.
Alexander has played so well that they have a shot to beat out Carter for the starting spot at middle linebacker. The coaching staff has been raving about Alexander's ability to drop into pass coverage. They also have shown signs they can handle being the quarterback of the defense.
Carter has not been a disappointment. But Alexander has been a huge surprise. The competition for the starting job at middle linebacker could be one of the highlights for the rest of training camp and the preseason.
Google's new web browser Chrome is fast, shiny, and requires users to sign their very lives over to Google before they can use it. Today's Internet outrage du jour has been Chrome's EULA, which appears to give Google a nonexclusive right to display and distribute every bit of content transmitted through the browser. Now, Google tells Ars that it's a mistake, the EULA will be corrected, and the correction will be retroactive.
As noted by an attorney at Tap the Hive and various and sundry other sites, the Chrome EULA reads like a lot of Google's other EULAs. It requires users to "give Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and nonexclusive license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute any Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the Services."
"Services" seems like an odd way to describe a web browser, but the EULA makes clear that "Services" refers to "Google's products, software, services and web sites." The EULA's indication that Google could republish anything even "displayed" in the browser sounded a tiny bit evil, even if Google might just be looking to stave off lawsuits.
Google has been in EULA trouble before over services like Google Docs. In that case, the company changed the terms of service to clarify that, in the words of a spokesperson, "Your fantasy football spreadsheets are not going to end up shared with the world unless you want them to be."
Here at Ars, our first thought on reading the EULA was that it looks a whole lot like the EULAs Google uses for other services, with the "content license" provision being an obvious example of this. In fact, that's basically what it was.
Google's Rebecca Ward, Senior Product Counsel for Google Chrome, now tells Ars Technica that the company tries to reuse these licenses as much as possible, "in order to keep things simple for our users." Ward admits that sometimes "this means that the legal terms for a specific product may include terms that don't apply well to the use of that product" and says that Google is "working quickly to remove language from Section 11 of the current Google Chrome terms of service. This change will apply retroactively to all users who have downloaded Google Chrome."
It's worth noting that the EULA is largely unenforceable because the source code of Chrome is distributed under an open license. Users could simply download the source code, compile it themselves, and use it without having to agree to Google's EULA. The terms of the BSD license under which the source code is distributed are highly permissive and impose virtually no conditions or requirements on end users.
So, there you have it: a tempest in a (chrome) teapot. Not that it's the only one; as Ina Fried of News.com points out, Chrome's "Omnibar" can also access all keystrokes a user types, and Google will store some of this information along with IP addresses.
Further reading:
Overall, the Cup this year seemed more concentrated on wellness. Harborside led the way with the wellness-oriented approach a couple years ago. HHC Executive Director Steve Deangelo's breakthrough article, “Wellness Not Intoxication”, defined this perspective for the medical cannabis industry. In the last year, many more cannabis professionals have adopted this viewpoint. The amount of scantily clad women at the Cup has decreased markedly since its zenith a few years ago. More dispensaries and seed companies are touting CBD-rich medicine. The increase in knowledge about and use of CBD is gratifying. Harborside Health Center, in conjunction with Steep Hill Lab, was the first to re-discover and promote CBD in cannabis over three years ago. Ultimately, THC's long-lost brother (or rather, sister) might be one of our most important contributions to modern pharmacopeia. Mainstream physicians for rheumatoid arthritis, which affects over 40 million Americans, might one day commonly recommend topical preparations with CBD.
The Glastonbury festival stomps defiantly into action this weekend, but the odd druid, "chanting dome" and James Blunt aside, you can rest assured that the truly weird festival action is happening elsewhere.
1
Boryeong Mud Festival, South Korea
The rainy Glasto swamp has nothing on Boryeong city in the Chungcheong province, three hours from Seoul, which has 9.9million square metres of squidgy brown mineral-rich mud on nearby mud flats. In July it's put to good use in the form of mud slides, mud fights, mud baths, mud wrestling, mock battles and rodeo rides for a festival at Daecheon beach. All good clean fun.
July 12-20, mudfestival.or.kr, charges for some activities.
2
Festival of near death experiences, Spain
At the Santa Marta de Ribarteme festival in Las Nieves, Galicia, people who've had near death experiences - surviving illnesses or accidents - are paraded through the streets in open coffins. Their relatives carry the coffin to church (god forbid any of them has a heart-attack on the way), then locals gather round to hear the story of their near misses, before fireworks to lighten the mood.
July 29, free, gospain.org
3
Water buffalo races, Thailand
Buffalo fancy dress, chaotic races (with jockeys riding bareback), a buffalo procession and a Miss Farmland competition lend a fun element to the serious business of buying and selling buffalo at this annual market in Chonburi, 30 miles from Bangkok.
October 1-31. tourismthailand.org.
4
Global Rainbow Gathering, Mexico
Peace and love and a fair bit of nudity are on the line-up at the ultimate hippy fest, which has travelled around the world since 1972. It's free and non-commercial, drugs and alcohol are banned (except marijuana, naturally) and days are filled with massages, drumming and discussing how to heal the world etc. Not one for cynics.
November 1-30 in La Paz, Mexico, also in Wyoming, US, July 1-7. See welcomehere.org. Donation only.
5
Twin Peaks Fest, US
Set in North Bend, the town near Seattle where David Lynch made their seminal television series, this celebratory festival includes hikes and bus trips to film locations, a celebrity dinner with some of the actors, Twin Peaks related games and a Lynch movie night.
July 25-27. twinpeaksfest.com. Tickets $200 or $220 including bus tour.
Image copyright Meffu Graphics Image caption Perry, Mollie, Sam and Lisa Hughes are determined to succeed in the social media market.
The Hughes family in Manchester have quit their jobs and put everything they own into building a social network aimed solely at sports fans. But can they take on the giants?
"We see ourselves sitting at the top table with the big boys," says father Perry Hughes confidently.
"We don't think we're taking on the competition."
It might sound optimistic to put your family business in the same league as the multi-billion dollar social networks but the Hughes family certainly have the passion to give it a go.
Their big idea is GameDay Xtra, which has the bold ambition of hosting a page for every single sports team and player in the world - with even the humblest of leagues able to share their own news.
Son Sam, 21, has suspended their university studies and works through the night on the project. Daughter Mollie, 18, handles the social media side.
GameDay is purely for sports fans, the family say.
Image copyright GameDay Xtra Image caption The family hope to include all sports.
Members get live news feeds of sporting events, form their own groups and networks, follow games play-by-play, and in future will also be able to play bespoke interactive games themselves within the site.
"Super fans" will also be able to run the team or player pages of their choice if the real deal doesn't snap up their own page themselves.
The family say it currently has a few thousand members and will open for broader membership in August this year.
"We saw an opening in the market," says Sam, who is also an eSports video game player.
"It's good to work with family. We're all hardworking, committed to the project."
Perry Hughes admits the family "panicked" when Facebook launched its Sports Stadium for sports fans in January 2016 but these days they do not consider them to be GameDay's rivals.
In fact two Facebook execs have joined the closed trial, they claim.
"When we saw what they did [with Stadium] we laughed," they say.
There are five planned "phases" for the platform, and the family are secretive about what those will be.
Phase two will be only unleashed once they have one million members because the licensing is going to be expensive, Mr Hughes says.
"Phase three will be: 'what have they built!'" they tease.
Image copyright Gameday Xtra Image caption The website is still being tested.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, financing the idea has proved to be the biggest challenge.
"We went to a lot of investors. They said the scale of the project was too big," said Mr Hughes.
"We sold the house, the cars, everything. We ran out of money twice.
"We all gave up our jobs and committed totally to this. At times it's been lonely.
"When you put all your money into one project you are keeping an eye on everything."
They have now secured significant funding from a Russian backer, whom they decline to identify.
The family are also coy about how they plan to make money from GameDay but hint that it will be similar to Facebook and Instagram's business model.
"We will be carrying some ads - but we don't want to end up with loads of videos and so on," said Mr Hughes.
"This is not about 'build it, sell it and move on'. We think we are going to change the way media is done."
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Facebook's Sports Stadium also targets sports fans.
Emma Sinclair MBE, tech entrepreneur and investor, said they admired their ambition but was "unconvinced" that the platform could live up to the family's expectations.
"Sports fans are already likely using one or more of Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and SnapChat. That's in addition to text, Whatsapp, email. And they will no doubt have their favourite sports hubs too relating to teams they support and commentators they follow," they said.
"There's a lot of competition and noise out there and for a start-up on a small budget, competing with giants and established players for attention is an expensive and ambitious job.
"As an angel investor and with the little information I have to hand, I am currently unconvinced that this site has the capacity to disrupt the market and come out on top as a key hub for sports fans as things stand.
"This being a site in beta however, I hope they prove me wrong and I wish them luck."
As the House of Representatives prepare to vote on health care reform repeal today, President Obama has released a statement signaling that they are willing to make improvements on the bill but is not in favor of a full repeal:
"So I'm willing and eager to work with both Democrats and Republicans to improve the Affordable Care Act," Obama said. "But we can't go backward."
But members of congress on Capitol Hill like Representative Ron Paul (R-Texas) believe that repeal is the only option. They told CNN American Morning's Kiran Chetry that the bill going to vote today "tells us what we should do in the future."
Paul is also unhappy with the way we are treating our relationship with China. They say that more government intervention in China is not the answer and "we can't blame China for us spending too much money."
Watch their complete interview:
Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET. For the latest from American Morning click here.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Nigerian pirates have released seven Russian and one Ukrainian sailors after they were captured last month on the cargo ship the BBC Caribbean, Russian news agencies reported on Sunday, citing a human rights activist in Crimea.
The sailors were released after talks between the owners of the ship and pirates.
Interfax news agency quoted human rights activist Pavel Butsay, in the city of Sevastopol, as saying the sailors were at a Frankfurt airport and planned to return home next week.
Butsay told TASS news agency that a ransom was paid but did not reveal the sum.
Security experts class West Africa's waters, especially off Nigeria where many pirates originate, as some of the world's most dangerous, with attackers often targeting oil tankers and holding hostages for ransom.
Art and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Rutgers University
PAINTERS like Claude Monet and Pablo Picasso transformed art by inventing new styles such as impressionism and cubism. Could a machine do the same? Perhaps, now that the public has given the thumbs up to unconventional images created by artificial intelligence.
The idea is to make art that is “novel, but not too novel”, says Marian Mazzone, an art historian at the College of Charleston in South Carolina, who worked on the system.
Mazzone and their colleagues at Rutgers University in New Jersey and Facebook's AI lab in California modified what's known as a generative adversarial network (GAN), pitting two neural nets against each other to get better and better outcomes. The general idea is that one of them creates a solution, the other judges it – and the algorithm loops until it attains the desired result.
Advertisement
The team built a generator network that devised images to be scrutinised by a discriminator network, which had learned from analysing 81,500 paintings to distinguish between images we would class as artworks and those we wouldn't – such as a photo or diagram. The discriminator had also learned to distinguish between styles of art, such as rococo or cubism.
The twist is that the generator was primed to produce images that the discriminator recognises as art, but that don't fall into existing styles. “You want to have something really creative and striking – but at the same time not go too far and make something that isn't aesthetically pleasing,” says team member Ahmed Elgammal at Rutgers University.
Once the AI had produced a series of images (some examples are pictured below), an online survey allowed members of the public to judge them alongside paintings by human artists, without knowing which was which. Participants answered questions about how complex or novel they felt each work was, and whether it inspired them or elevated their mood.
To the team's surprise, many of the images by the AI scored slightly higher than those by humans (arxiv.org/abs/1706.07068).
“I like the idea that people are starting to push GANs out of their comfort zone – this is the first paper I've seen that does that,” says Mark Riedl at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta.
The results of the survey are interesting, says Kevin Walker at the Royal College of Art in London. “The top-ranked images contain an aesthetic combination of colours and patterns in composition, whereas the lowest-ranked ones are maybe more uniform,” they say.
“Many of the images by the AI scored slightly higher with the public than work by human artists”
Walker also notes that creative machines are already producing work for galleries. For example, two of their students are using AI that learns to produce its own images based on their drawing styles. One of them, Anna Ridler, has used the technique to create frames for a 12-minute animated film.
Riedl notes that the human story behind an artwork is often an important part of what endears us to it. But Walker thinks the lines will soon get blurry. “Imagine having people over for a dinner party,” they say, “and they ask, ‘Who is that by?' And you say, ‘Well, it's a machine actually'. That would be an interesting conversation starter.”
This article appeared in print under the headline “AI's genre-defying artworks win fans”
The Curiosity Rover landed on Mars on August 6th and while its primary mission is to research the Martian planet, collect data and send it back to earth, its secondary mission is to rock the shit out of that planet and any god damn aliens it finds. The incredibly smart engineers and scientists that have built this thing are not only intelligent but also cool too. (In high school, these scientists probably never got called, "cool".)
Every Mars morning, NASA researchers play a song to wake up the rover and believe it or not, someone in the crowd is a metal head. When asked about the playlist, numerous awesome songs were mentioned and much to our surprise, one of those songs is Anthrax's “Got The Time”
Cue images of Scott Ian on Mars kicking alien ass. Was Scott Ian in the movie Mars Attacks? NO!?!? They should have been, they would have been way cooler than Ray J for sure. Oh well not the only time Hollywood has screwed up.
Below is the full list of tunes that the Mars Curiosity Rover has listened to. Got any suggestions for future tracks? Maybe some Gwar?
Beatles "Good Morning"
Singing in the Rain. "Good morning, good morning"
Wagner "The ride of the valkyries"
Victory Song: Theme from "Mission Impossible"
Anthrax "Got the Time"
30 Seconds to Mars "Echelon"
The Doors "Break on Through"
George Harrison "Got My Mind Set on You"
Simon and Garfunkel "Wake Up Little Susie"
Frank Sinatra "Come Fly with me"
Theme from Star Wars
Related Posts
Share Share Shares 0
Want to have your business advert seen by over 500,000 people per month? Email us at [email protected] for more information, and check out our website about types of advertising we offer.
Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook
People won't shut the fuck up about Tom Brady not going to the White House. And it's bringing together the two worst type of people – race baiters and Patriots haters.
Seriously, what can't people understand about this? Tom Brady didn't go to the White House because it was beneath him. Anyone who thinks Tom Brady and Obama are on the same level is delusional. Any idiot can do what Obama does. They have a team full of advisors and secretaries they delegate responsibility to. They don't write their own speeches. They don't make a decision without conferring with a million people first.
But Brady? No one can do what Tom Brady does.  They are a God amongst men. When Brady unleashes a strike to an undersized receiver to an undersized receiver, we get a new set of downs. When Obama unleashes a drone strike to an undersized terrorist, a bunch of civilians die. With Brady there is no collateral damage. Oh yea, and Brady has to make their decision in a matter of seconds while being chased by 300 pounds steroid freaks. Obama confers with a room full of experts who tell them what to do.
Obama and Brady aren't even in the same universe. Brady could do what Obama or any other President does with their eyes closed. Obama wouldn't last five seconds doing what Brady does.
There's no reason for Brady to go to the White House. If anything Obama should've made an appointment to see him, or at least checked with Brady first to make sure the White House trip would fit into their schedule. Do you think if Brady invited Obama to Carnival he'd take them up on that? Nope. So why should Brady drop everything he's doing to visit Obama? Anyone who thinks the President of the United States is more important than Tom Brady is an idiot.
Up until now it was the butthurt Patriot haters whining about “disrespecting the office.” Typical. They hate us because they ain't us. I expected nothing less.
But now the race baiters are jumping in. Enter Stephen A. Smith. Here's what they had to say:
“Why do I feel like if George W. Bush or Bill Clinton or somebody was president, why do I feel like Tom Brady would have been there then? Is it just me? Is it just me? I haven't heard anybody but me mention it either. I haven't heard anybody but yours truly mention this.”
Hey Stephen A – you haven't heard anyone mention it yet because it's an embarrassingly dumb thing to say. And make no doubt about it, they were making a reference to race here. Because they specifically said that Brady would've gone if it were Bush or Clinton in office – members of different political parties. So Stephen A doesn't think Brady did it for political reasons, they think they did it because he's racist. It's probably the same reason TB12 throws to Julian Edelman more than Aaron Dobson.
It's just so perfect because it's Stephen A. Smith saying it too. This is a guy who doesn't mind creating racism where it doesn't exist, but has no problem stroking the ego of the biggest asshole in the HISTORY of sports – Floyd Mayweather.
Mayweather is the biggest piece of human garbage on the planet and it's not even close. They did 90 days in jail a couple years back for an incident involving an ex-girlfriend named Shantel Jackson, who was living in a home owned by Mayweather with their two children. They were dating NBA guard C. J. Watson. Here's what happened when Floyd found out:
Mayweather returned around 5 a.m., accompanied by another man, both of who were let in by one of Mayweather and Harris's children. Harris was asleep on their living room couch when they were jarred awake by the sound of Mayweather screaming at them about texts they had found from Watson on their cell phone.
When Harris admitted that they were seeing Watson, Mayweather exploded. They punched them repeatedly in the rear of their head, pulled them off the couch by their hair, and twisted their arm. They screamed that they would “kill” Harris and Watson, that they would make both “disappear.” Harris screamed for their children Koraun and Zion, aged 10 and 9, to call the police. Mayweather turned to the kids, according to the police report, and yelled that they would “beat their asses if they left the house or called the police.”
Koraun tried to run up the stairs, but Mayweather's associate blocked their path. Eventually, they were able to make it outside, and the police were summoned. Koraun told police they had witnessed their father punching and kicking their mother while they lay on the ground. By the time the cops had entered the home, Mayweather had fled, taking Harris's cell phone with him. In a 2013 interview with Yahoo Sports, Harris stated that they believe Mayweather might have killed them that night if Koraun hadn't been able to alert the authorities when they did.
Savage. That's what Floyd Mayweather. A Goddamn fucking SAVAGE. In America you only get 90 days in prison when a person whose fists are a lethal weapon, are used to savagely beat a woman in front of their children. And when you get out you pick up right where you left off – making money and hanging out with the Biebs.
As Floyd gets ready to fight Manny Pacquio, ESPN and Stephen A did an “interview” with Money May. And since Stephen A is such a man of integrity, who isn't afraid to call Tom Brady out for being a racist, you would assume they would ask the really tough questions right? Something to the extent of, “When you are fighting Manny Pacquiao, are you going to envision them as an ex-girlfriend who is banging a washed up NBA point guard? You know, so you can knock them out in the first few rounds?”
Oh wait, you mean they just went to Floyd's house, kissed their ass, and basically had an episode of ESPN Cribs?
Hey I guess it's not surprising. After all, here's what Stephen A tweeted right after Floyd was arrested:
So let me get this straight. Floyd Mayweather, who went to jail for beating the shit out of a woman, an event that was witnessed by their own children, gets the benefit of the doubt. But Tom Brady, a family man who takes care of their kids and their smokeshow wife, gets called a racist because they didn't wanna leave their family to go to the White House? Yea, that makes TONS of sense.
I guess it's not really surprising that Stephen A is so cavalier about domestic violence against women. Remember when Ray Rice cold-clocked their fiance in that elevator? Yea, you might recall that Stephen A was the gentleman who immediately decided to blame Janay Rice for getting the fuck knocked out of her:
Anyway, Stephen A had to take a week-long suspension for that one. But hey, at least them and Floyd see eye to eye on that one:
As you know, Turtleboy Sports is a family feminist blog. We don't think it's OK to beat the shit out of a woman. That's why we're proud to root for a man who puts their wife, mother, and children before Obama. God bless Tom Brady, and God bless Manny Pacquiao.
Want to have your business advert seen by over 500,000 people per month? Email us at [email protected] for more information, and check out our website about types of advertising we offer.
Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook
Even as the Burns Library transitions into a new era of digital scholarship, its staff members are searching for ways to maintain the tangibility and “aura,'' as Howes calls it, of the rare objects under their care.
“This is it,'' said Howes. “We have this one copy, and there's no other extant copy in the world.''
Better still, research via the Internet doesn't pose the risk of damaging the one-of-a-kind manuscript.
“Before this, if anyone wanted to see it, they had to know about it and come here,'' Morris said. Now that the play is online, they said, “people will be able to see it in Indonesia. A Yeats scholar in Asia could study it and use it as the basis of new scholarship.''
The hope, said Jane Morris, BC's scholarly communication librarian, is to generate new interest and scholarship, such as graduate theses and journal articles, that will add to the body of knowledge on Yeats.
The project allows any would-be scholar or Yeats enthusiast with an Internet connection to leaf through the pages of “Love and Death,'' which spans five notebooks.
As a result, the play will now see (digital) daylight for the first time since it was written 127 years ago. Drawing on the work of a 15-plus-person team that included librarians, archivists, photographers, literary experts, and a dedicated transcriber, Boston College this month published the play online.
“We quickly identified this as one that was unique . . . and had research value,'' Wall said of “Love and Death'' during an interview in BC's John J. Burns Library. “Yeats is a household name, as opposed to other collections we have that are a little more esoteric.''
It languished in obscurity until last year, when university librarian Tom Wall formed a committee to scour the Chestnut Hill institution's archives for “high impact'' candidates for digitization - the process by which works on paper are photographed, transcribed, and made accessible by computer.
Yeats wrote the play, titled “Love and Death,'' in 1884, when they were just 18 or 19 years old. The work was hidden among boxes of their journals, notebooks, and correspondence purchased by BC in 1993 from Michael Yeats, the poet's son.
“It's not widely known, even in Yeats circles,'' Howes said in a telephone interview. “I didn't realize it existed myself.''
And yet, Howes had no idea that a long-forgotten pile of notebooks at their own institution, dutifully cataloged and then tucked away in a library archive, held an unpublished treasure: the first play Yeats ever wrote.
Armed with a doctorate in English literature from Princeton, the Newton resident has edited anthologies, authored a book, and contributed numerous papers to prominent literary journals focusing on the Nobel Prize-winning Irish poet and playwright.
“It's a big thrill to be able to pick it up and turn the pages,'' Howes said of the Yeats notebooks. “It gives you a feeling not just for their mind, but their physical life as a writer.''
In order to help convey that sense of wonderment, BC's website allows the transcribed text to be viewed side-by-side with high-resolution photographs of the original handwritten pages.
“We definitely wanted to present the whole object as if you could hold it in your hands,'' said Barbara Adams Hebard, the Burns Library's conservator.
For the lucky few at BC who have held the original work, their first concern was not damaging it.
“It's kind of nerve-racking,'' Howes said, describing their first time handling one of the journals. “You're so aware that this is a fragile, physical object.''
The play and the other Yeats documents acquired by BC have been carefully stored in a climate-controlled room. Manuscripts and books in the special archives can be retrieved only by librarians acting on a specific request, and must be viewed on custom-made foam blocks that prevent bindings from opening too far.
But the Yeats manuscript didn't always enjoy such careful treatment, according to digital collections librarian Betsy McKelvey. “It's funny, the notebooks weren't always important in Yeats's family,'' they said.
“There are little numbers doodled in the back, like someone was doing their math homework.''
The notebooks themselves were quite common when Yeats purchased them.
“The notebooks they chose to write in were nothing special,'' said Hebard. “We know from the imprint on the inside of the cover that they went to W. Carson Bookseller and Stationer on 51 Grafton St, corner of Stephen's Green, Dublin - well, so did everyone else in Dublin at that time. This particular object, if it weren't written in by Yeats, would be a dime a dozen . . . but ours is transformed by Yeats.''
The opportunity to increase scholarship while preserving fragile and rare documents is one reason BC and other institutions are moving toward digitizing their paper-based archives.
“The binding is holding on OK,'' said Hebard, “but if 10,000 people opened it, I think we'd have it falling apart.''
Morris, who leads BC's digitization efforts, said the Burns Library is just one of many institutions looking to store extensive holdings in a more durable and accessible format.
“It's more than a trend,'' said Morris. “This is the new work of libraries, to make these things digital and available and discoverable, instead of having them closed off to the lucky few who have the means to travel here.''
As for the play, Howes describes it as ambitious but relatively mediocre. The twisting plot revolves around a murderous princess who falls in love with a spirit being.
“It's very unwieldy,'' Howes said. “It was interesting to see how ambitious they are, but a lot of it didn't really work.''
Dathalinn O'Dea, the graduate student who painstakingly transcribed “Love and Death,'' will present a copy of their work during the Yeats International Summer School, which opens today and continues through Aug. 5 in Sligo, Ireland. Students there will do a dramatic reading of several scenes, said Howes, marking the first time the play has been performed in any format.
Wall, the librarian who oversaw the search of Boston College's archives, said the digitization process will continue. They hope eventually to put 5 percent of its special collections online - an ambitious goal, considering the Burns Library's holdings of 250,000 volumes and 16 million manuscripts.
“We still want people to use our physical collections,'' said Wall. “Digital is not a replacement. . . . But it will be interesting to see what our Web hits look like in a year.''
The play is available online at www.bc.edu/loveanddeath.
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company.
David Sharp, The Associated Press
PORTLAND, Maine -- A retired RCMP officer is in U.S. custody awaiting trial on charges stemming from the smuggling of narwhal tusks.
Gregory Logan, 58, of St. John, waived the right to a detention hearing Wednesday in Bangor, Maine, after being extradited to face charges of money laundering.
Logan was convicted in a New Brunswick court in 2013 for smuggling narwhal tusks to the U.S., was fined $385,000 and given an eight-month conditional sentence to be served in the community.
U.S. prosecutors say Logan smuggled 250 tusks worth $2 million across the border into Maine in false compartments in their vehicle.
Narwhals are medium-sized whales known for spiral tusks that can grow longer than 2 metres. They are protected by the U.S. and Canada.
Their tusks, like elephant tusks, are valued for their use in carvings and jewelry-making.
"As this case shows, wildlife trafficking can involve millions in illegal transactions, compounding the damage it does to the wealth and diversity of life on our planet," Assistant Attorney General John Cruden said in a statement from Washington, D.C.
Logan, who retired from the RCMP in 2003, was charged along with two U.S. residents.
Andrew Zarauskas was convicted and sentenced to 33 months in prison for their role in the smuggling operation. Jay Conrad pleaded guilty and is awaiting sentencing.
According to the indictment, Logan was working as a Mountie when they began bringing narwhal tusks across the border into the U.S. in 2000.
Under extradition terms, U.S. prosecutors dropped the smuggling charges and are pursuing money laundering charges from their transfer of money to Canada after selling the tusks in the U.S.
Court documents don't indicate whether Logan has retained a lawyer.
If convicted of money laundering, they would face up to 20 years in prison and fines of up to $500,000, prosecutors said.
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
Make no mistake about it. From the moment gay activists came out of the closet in America, their agenda was clear. Society must get over its anti-gay sentiments and embrace everything gay – and I mean everything.
That's why many of them were so brazen, chanting, “We're here, we're queer, get used to it.”
That's why gay pride parades were marked by the most offensive elements of the gay community, even if they were not representative of the whole.
That's why it was drag queens who led the way in the 1969 Stonewall Riots. They were part of the frontline resistance, and they were out, proud, and unashamed.
To be sure, some gay leaders in the 1980's realized that this was a self-defeating strategy. If gay activism was to achieve its goals, it would have to put forth a different image, a more family-oriented, less-promiscuous, less-bizarre image.
Marshall Kirk and Hunter Madsen articulated some of this new strategy, writing, “The effect of presenting a bigot with an extreme instance of their stereotypic picture/label pair is to augment the strength of the bigotry” (After the Ball: How America Will Conquer Its Fear and Hatred of Gays in the 90's (New York: Penguin, 1989, p. 145).
In other words, we were the bigots, and to present us with the most extreme images of the gay community was to confirm and even heighten our bigotry.
So, Kirk and Madsen called for a “Self-Policing Social Code,” with words of advice like this: “If I'm a Pederast or a Sadomasochist, I'll Keep It Under Wraps, and Out of Gay Pride Marches.”
They also called for the “conversion of the average American's emotions, mind, and will, through a planned psychological attack, in the form of propaganda fed to the nation via the media” (p. 153).
And what would this propaganda look like?
Rather than exposing “bigots” like us to images of drag queens in their weird outfits or gay men gyrating in their underwear, we'd be bombarded by images of couples like Dan and Don, who've been together for 30 years, along with their adopted son Jason, and their pet dog Molly.
Do such gay couples exist? Of course. Are they more common than drag queens? Maybe so.
But statistics weren't the issue. Image was the issue. And gay strategists fully understood that America would not embrace their goals as long as the most extreme elements of their society were at the forefront.
Transgender activists understood this strategy as well, making a clear distinction between themselves and drag queens. “No, we're not like them, and this has nothing to do with sexual orientation. We're just normal people trapped in the wrong body, like little Sammy who's really Sally.”
Americans could embrace that before they could embrace “Little Hot Mess” the drag queen.
But now that so many of the goals of LGBT activism have been realized, there's no reason to push some of their own to the back of the bus, so to say.
And what does this mean, practically speaking? It means here come the drag queens.
It was drag queens who put pressure on Facebook in 2014 to change one of its fundamental policies, namely, that you had to use your real name, not a made-up name. Before this time, drag queen John Doe could not use the name “Big Suzie Q,” which in their mind was their real name. Facebook apologized and changed its policy.
But that was minor compared to what's happening today.
A concerned parent from Bloomington, Indiana wrote to me, saying, “Our local library always has a summer reading program for children.” Included was a link with this announcement for parents of children ages 2-6: “Learn about someone new! Local drag queens present stories and encourage us all to embrace our uniqueness.” Yes, for children ages 2-6!
This is perverse and outrageous. “Parents, bring your toddlers and little children to the library where local homosexual men who dress up as flamboyant women will read stories to them.” Here come the drag queens!
But it gets even worse. Much worse.
As Todd Starnes reports, “Parents are furious after children as young as 5-years-old were exposed to an erotic drag show performance at what was supposed to be a school district talent show.”
How bad was it?
Take a moment to read some excerpts from the article.
“The New York Daily News described the lewd performance as ‘complete with gyrations, tongue gymnastics and a flashed G-string.'” (If this seems vulgar to read – and it is – can you imagine being there with your little kids?)
“The May 25th performance shocked and enraged parents who could not believe the school district would allow a grown man to spread their legs and display their crotch to wide-eyed children.”
One parent “filmed the seven-minute routine on their cell phone and provided me with a copy. It's jaw-dropping, folks. And when the drag queen dropped to the floor and began writhing in a sexually-suggestive manner, the auditorium erupted.”
Did you get that? This perverse performance was 7 minutes long. In front of 5-year-olds. I'm shocked some parents didn't walk right up to the stage and shut the whole thing down.
And what happened when this drag queen started writhing on the floor in a sexually-suggestive manor?
“Once they got to that part it was chaos,” parent Raquel Morales said. “People were yelling and leaving. A lot of parents were saying had they known this was going to happen they would have taken their kids out after they had performed.” I would hope so! This is absolute madness.
And how did such a degraded performance take place at all?
“The talent show was emceed by District 4 Superintendent Alexandra Estrella. And the individual who performed in drag was identified as the president of the Public School 96 Parent Association” (my emphasis).
This is sick, and this man needs serious help. (If you're offended by my saying this, be offended. Truth is sometimes offensive.) The district superintendent needs serious help too. How can these people be trusted with such positions of authority?
Now, I personally believe there are gay readers who are also upset as they read this account, saying, “That drag queen does not represent me. What they did is just plain filthy.”
Unfortunately, the cat is now of the bag, and if it's gay (or trans), it's got to be good.
That means if a gay couple is monogamish rather than monogamous, we've got to embrace it. Gay love is good!
And that means when a boy who identifies as a girl beats the girls at a track meet, we've got to celebrate it. You go boy-girl!
And that means when a drag queen wants to read stories to your two-year-old or, better still, gyrate and flash their G-string in front of your 5-year-old, you should show your appreciation.
In other words, our sentiments should be, “You're here, you're queer, and we're used to it. In fact, we love it.”
Count me out of that one, friends. Enough is simply enough.
Chicago police warn of unrest after murder of teen
By Kristina Betinis
6 August 2016
Ahead of the public release Friday of body and dashboard camera footage of the police shooting of 18-year-old African-American Paul O'Neal, the Chicago Police Department (CPD) issued a national bulletin warning of possible “civil unrest.” The teenager was shot in the back on July 28 and their death has been ruled a homicide.
The fatal shots do not appear on any of the nine videos released. Instead, cops are seen firing at least 15 shots at O'Neal's car. The police then chase them through a residential neighborhood and several more shots are heard off-camera. Three unidentified cops have been relieved of their duties after police officials suggested they might have violated protocol when they murdered the youth.
The CPD claims there have been problems with the body cameras, which were supposed to assure “transparency” and improve relations between the public and the city's notoriously violent police force.
O'Neal was shot by one or more officers and died of their injuries shortly after being arrested. Police say O'Neal fled in their car after they stopped them for suspected car theft. The cops fired into the front and back windshields of the car, but media outlets say none of those shots hit O'Neal.
The videos contain damning footage showing reckless violence by the police and confusion and fear among residents as police pursue the youth through a quiet south side neighborhood before they fire the fatal shots. The footage shows dismayed neighbors trickling out of their homes to see what has happened as the cops discuss the possibility of being suspended for their actions.
One officer suggests that the unarmed suspect had fired at them first. Another tells a group of cops in the street to turn off their body cameras. Additional footage shows the police handcuffing the youth as they bleed to death.
The family saw the footage before it was released to the public on Friday, according to CNN. Ja'Mal Green, a family spokesperson, told CNN that the relatives of O'Neal's mother and sister walked out. “They can only take so much,” they said. “Once the gunshots started, they immediately left the room … crying, breaking down.”
O'Neal family attorney Michael Oppenheimer declared the killing an execution and denounced the police and the “independent” police review authority for covering up the crime. “They decided they would control this, so the cover-up has begun,” the attorney said.
Chicago's Democratic mayor, Rahm Emanuel, has already been implicated in a cover-up of a police murder. Last November, a judge ordered the release of video footage of Chicago cop Jason Van Dyke firing 16 rounds and killing black teen Laquan McDonald in 2014. The Emanuel administration paid the family hush money, let the killer cop go free, and suppressed the footage of the murder with the help of the state's attorney and the unanimous support of the City Council for more than a year.
The release of the video provoked mass protests and threw Emanuel, Obama's former White House chief of staff, into a political crisis. The official civil rights organizations, the unions and their pseudo-left supporters essentially rescued Emanuel by attributing police violence entirely to racism and thereby covering up the more basic issues of poverty, economic inequality and state repression that impact the entire working class and point to the capitalist system itself as the root cause of the epidemic of police killings. These forces lent credibility to Emanuel's cynical and empty promises to enact police reform and change the “police culture,” which included installing a new black police chief who was themselves notorious for suppressing anti-NATO protests in Chicago in 2012.
The basic function of the police in America's third-largest city, as in the rest of the country, is to defend the super-rich minority against the increasingly angry and restive working class majority. While 15 billionaires and some 134,000 millionaires call Chicago their home, dozens of schools, mental health clinics and other public services have been shut down, and homeless encampments have sprung up across the city, whose occupants include low-wage workers and impoverished college students. The same day the video of the O'Neal shooting was released, Chicago officials announced the layoff of 1,000 public school teachers and staff.
Deaths caused by the US police so far this year have climbed to 696, according to KilledByPolice.net. The O'Neal murder occurs in the aftermath of the political conventions of both big business parties, each of which, in its own way, defended the police and justified the unprecedented militarization of police departments across the country by the Obama administration.
The Republican National Convention in Cleveland was a celebration of the military and the police, with Republican nominee, billionaire Donald Trump, declaring that they were the candidate of “law and order” who would “make America safe again.” It featured fascistic denunciations of protests against police killings.
The Democratic National Convention was dominated by racial and gender politics, promoted for the purpose of defending militarism abroad and the militarization of the police at home. Nine mothers of police murder victims, including Eric Garner and Michael Brown, were brought onto the stage to present the wave of police killings as a problem of “lack of trust” between the police and “people of color.”
These parents' personal tragedies were cynically exploited to conceal the fact that more than half of those killed by police are white and that police violence is directed against the entire working class, especially its poorest and most vulnerable sections. Democratic officials, including presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, praised the police for upholding public safety. There was much blather about improving relations by means of “sensitivity training,” “community policing,” and bringing to bear the services of racialist groups that orbit the Democratic Party such as Black Lives Matter.
The real attitude of the Democratic Party on this question can be seen in the record of the Obama administration. The president's Justice Department has not prosecuted a single killer cop, and the administration has repeatedly intervened in the federal courts to oppose challenges to police violations of constitutionally guaranteed civil liberties. The administration supported the declaration of states of emergency and police-military occupations to suppress protests against police violence in Ferguson, Missouri and Baltimore, Maryland. At the same time, the Obama administration has continued to funnel billions of dollars worth of military equipment, including armored vehicles, combat helicopters and military-grade weapons, from the Pentagon to local police departments.
Regardless of who wins the November elections--the fascistic Trump or the warmonger and Wall Street tool Hillary Clinton—the next administration will step up police repression in an effort to crush growing social opposition.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
When you're shopping at your local farmers' market or picking up this week's CSA box, do you get this nagging feeling that there's something more you can do to promote local food in your community? Feel the urge to active some activism for local food, but don't know where to start?
Consider Patty Cantrell your local foods campaign advisor. No hidden lobbying agenda or smoke and mirror political agenda, Cantrell wears their passion for growing healthy, economically vibrant communities through strengthening local food channels on an open sleeve. “Food is one of the most powerful ways to push the building of a healthy, local economy,” explains Cantrell, Program Director of the Michigan Land Use Institute and a Food and Society Policy Fellow. “But this requires a significant shift in what economic developers and planners traditionally chase and prioritize, such as smokestack industries.”
Communities with a healthy local food base will form the next generation of desirably, sought after places to live, argues Cantrell. “Increasing numbers of people today, particularly those in their 20s and 30s, prioritize where they want to live first and foremost, not just where they can get a job,” explains Cantrell. “A healthy local food community proves to be an attractive, authentic appeal for moving to a certain area. With increasing numbers of retired Baby Boomers resulting in fewer people in the workforce, communities will start competing to attract residents and those with a vibrant local food economy, from farmers' markets to restaurants showcasing area fare, will have a marketable advantage.”
Cantrell believes we stand at a hopeful crossroad. “I see this economic shift in our near future from products to relationships where people consciously prioritize where and how something is grown or manufactured,” Cantrell predicts. “Having a strong network of local producers gives authentic meaning to a community, and that is where the true value lies.” In the process of building local food assets and attractiveness, communities can grow green jobs in food and farm production and marketing, too.
Take your own food activism up a notch with these starter tips to grow your community's local food roots:
1. Do Your Homework
Research and collect examples of what's working in other communities and see what might apply to your community. Woodbury, Iowa provides an inspiring example of a small Midwest community coming together to change their food system. The Michigan Land Institute and the Business Alliance for Local Living Economies (BALLE) provide additional strong case studies and other resources.
2. Connect with Community Cash
Cantrell recommends seeking out community groups whose mission is to promote economic vitality, such as the chamber of commerce or county economic development association. “You will find allies out there, but sometimes it does require bringing new information to the table,” advises Cantrell. “Economic developers historically have viewed farms and agriculture as part of the USDA, not as small businesses. That perspective needs to change.”
3. Organize a Task Force
Get together your local friends and allies and establish a “task force” to examine these local food issues. Ideally this would be under the chamber of commerce or other community organization to give legitimacy and authority to your mission.
4. Rethink Land Use
Similar to economic developers, land use policies need to be reevaluated to better support local foods. “Agriculture has been defined from a zoning perspective as strictly producing commodity crops, which often works to the detriment of small-scale, on-farm start-ups such as agritourism enterprises,” adds Cantrell. “Working with your planning and zoning officials to allow for more farm business activity, such as artisan cheese making or canning classes, is a great way to start” And here's a fine new resource from the Rocky Mountain Land Use Institute on how communities can encourage healthy food systems through zoning improvements
5. Continue Educational Outreach
“Keep an open mind and keep connected with a variety of groups and organizations in your community, from University Extension to small business educators,” Cantrell comments. “The positive spirit and intent of the local foods movement has the potential to bring diverse segments of the community together.”
Related Posts on the Green Options Network
No Gardening Required: Five Tips to be a Local Foods Forager
Popeye Had it Wrong: Local, Fresh Spinach Packs the Authentic Nutritional Punch
Hail to the Chief Gardener: Sow Seeds of Climate Change at the White House
Fear the Walking Dead, AMC's spin-off of its flagship series The Walking Dead, returns for the second half of its second season on Sunday. While Fear hasn't reached the creative or ratings highs of its older sibling, it still has plenty of its own merits. Strong performances and an interesting visual style make it a worthwhile viewing investment for fans of action-packed TV. So if you're behind on Fear the Walking Dead, here are seven reasons to get caught up before the Season 2B premiere.
1. The Rick Grimes character is a woman
The hero of The Walking Dead is Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln), a former sheriff who takes a leadership role in the communities that repeatedly come together and dissolve in post-apocalyptic Georgia. He's adjusted well to the new order of things, evolving into a tough, ruthless leader who still retains a moral compass despite all the brutality in their life. They will do anything to protect their family, biological and surrogate. That leader/protector role on Fear is Madison Clark (Kim Dickens), who was a high school guidance counselor before the zombie apocalypse. Them journey has mirrored Rick's in many ways, especially in their increasing willingness to commit harsh acts for the good of their tribe. They differ from Rick by retaining a tenderness to their personality -- at least for now. The Walking Dead franchise has always been low-key progressive in its depiction of racial and gender equality (everyone is the same when literally the only thing you care about is staying alive), but it's never really had a major female leader, good or bad, before Madison.
2. Rubén Blades' performance
One thing Fear has that The Walking Dead does not is the presence of a genuine international icon in Rubén Blades. The singer and actor, who is such an important person in their native Panama that they ran for president in 1994, has done more in their 68 years than most could do in two lifetimes. They carry the weight of their experience in their portrayal of Daniel Salazar, a barber who came to America from El Salvador to escape their past as a soldier in the Salvadoran Civil War and make a better life for their family. Their performance is -- for the most part -- restrained and dignified and abnormally complex for the franchise. Their closest contemporary in terms of skill is Melissa McBride as Carol on The Walking Dead. Daniel Salazar ended the first half of the season on a bit of a cliffhanger and their fate is still unconfirmed, but hopefully he's around for awhile in the second half.
3. The ensemble as a whole
The quality of the acting is slightly higher than it is on The Walking Dead across the board. Alycia Debnam-Carey is the best young actor on either of the shows. Them character, Alicia Clark, is believable both as an angsty teen and a crafty survivor who still sometimes lets their emotions get in the way of their judgment. And Frank Dillane's young James Franco thing as heroin-addicted problem child Nick Clark is unique on either show. They move at a different pace in a way that's a refreshing change from the dialed-up anxiety around him. The other members of the ensemble -- especially Cliff Curtis and Colman Domingo -- do solid work as well.
4. Making the most out of a single contained location
Much of the first half of Season 2 is confined to Victor Strand's yacht, Abigail. Although it's a big boat, it's still cramped. But the show never ran out of stuff to do on Abigail, having the boat pick up floating refugees, get attacked by pirates, have really disgusting pump problems and more. Now, as 2B picks up, Strand, Madison, Alicia and Ofelia (Mercedes Masohn) are heading for the yacht, just like they were in Season 1 (hopefully they abandon that quest though. Fear the Walking Dead got a lot of use out of the boat, but no need to tug it).
5. More real-world resonance
Neither Walking Dead show traffics in zombie-based social commentary, a la George Romero's Living Dead series, but Fear feels closer to mirroring society. Perhaps this is due to its immediate post-apocalyptic setting, but more likely it's due to its family dynamics. Showrunner Dave Erickson has described the show as a family drama with zombies, and the Clarks and Manawas deal with problems a lot of families face: addiction, incompatible parenting styles, teens with bad attitudes. The late post-apocalyptic world of The Walking Dead is so far from modern society that there's almost no room for meaningful human connection. But on Fear, they're still working on it. It's more relatable.
6. A moodier, artier tone
This is a difficult point to put into words, since so much of the tone is conveyed visually, but Fear just feels more artistic. Erickson is fond of landscape shots and vibrant colors and painterly framing (he did come to Fear from Breaking Bad, after all, another show set in a desert). It feels more akin to AMC's more prestigious fare than The Walking Dead does. It's easier to imagine someone liking both Fear and Better Call Saul than The Walking Dead and Better Call Saul.
7. Zombies, of course!
One of the main criticisms of Season 1 was that there just weren't enough zombies. Well, Season 2 fixed that, and went so far as to add one of the most memorable zombies on either show, the truly disgusting "crab zombie."
Fear The Walking Dead returns Sunday at 9/8c on AMC. If you want to catch up on Season 2A, those seven easily binge-able episodes are available on Amazon.
Photo: Kevin Labianco/Flickr
Calling California home can cost you. Coldwell Banker's Home Listing Report for 2014 ranked 1,971 real estate markets across 50 states and the Golden State tops the list with a high number of pricey places to buy a house.
The real estate firm looked at 51,000 listings to come up with the average price for a four-bedroom, two-bathroom home. The result? Nine of the top 10 most expensive places to own a home in the United States are in California with Los Altos, of Silicon Valley fame, taking the top spot with an average price of $1,963,099.90. It's followed by Newport Beach in Orange County and Saratoga in Santa Clara County.
However, a number of California markets also ranked quite low on the list. Adelanto, a town in San Bernardino County, came last in the state with an overall ranking of 1,839 and an average home price of $149,727.71.
The least expensive places on the list of nearly 2,000 were far more varied by state, though a number of the markets were located in the Rust Belt. Cleveland, Ohio was the least expensive with an average price of $64,993.03. Other cities at the bottom of the list include Riverdale, Georgia and Park Forest, Illinois.
Here's a closer look at both extremes of the report:
Top 10 most expensive markets
1. Los Altos, CA; Average price: $1,963,099.90
2. Newport Beach, CA; Average price: $1,904,083.25
3. Saratoga, CA; Average price: $1,867,979.69
4. Redwood City/Woodside, CA; Average price: $1,430,329.24
5. Los Gatos, CA; Average price: $1,307,408.04
6. San Francisco, CA; Average price: $1,294,250.00
7. Sunnyvale,CA; Average price: $1,267,184.74
8. Moraga, CA; Average price: $1,129,300.00
9. San Mateo, CA; Average price: $1,093,346.15
10. Wellesley, MA; Average price: $1,090,088.83
The 10 least expensive markets
1. Cleveland, OH; Average price: $64,993.03
2. Riverdale, GA; Average price: $68,206.85
3. Park Forest, IL; Average price: $75,647.06
4. Lake Wales, FL; Average price: $82,330.00
5. Lithonia, GA; Average price: $94,076.47
6. Buffalo, NY; Average price: $97,288.00
7. Waukegan, IL; Average price: $98,226.39
8. Augusta, GA; Average price: $98,232.81
9. Cheektowaga, NY; Average price: $101,475.00
10. Utica, NY: Average price: $107,211.35
The complete ranking of all 1,971 markets for 2014 can be found here.
For more data-driven market news, check out our interactive map of where the US housing recovery is — and isn't — take place.
The Black and White Minstrel Show Created by George Mitchell Starring George Chisholm
Stan Stennett
Leslie Crowther Country of origin United Kingdom Original language(s) English Production Production location(s) London, England Release Original network BBC Original release 14 June 1958 ( ) –
21 July 1978 ( 1978-07-21 )
The Black and White Minstrel Show was a British light entertainment show that ran for twenty years on BBC prime-time television. Beginning in 1958, it was a weekly light entertainment and variety show which presented traditional American minstrel and country songs, as well as show tunes and music hall numbers, and with lavish costumes. It was also a popular stage show.
The show was accused of racism and ethnic stereotyping by black civil rights groups in the UK, such as the Campaign Against Racial Discrimination, due to its use of blackface. This racial controversy led to the programme's eventual cancellation from television in 1978, although a stage version ran for ten years after the show's cancellation at Victoria Palace Theatre, London. This was followed by tours of Australia and New Zealand.
History [ edit ]
The Black and White Minstrel Show was created by BBC producer George Inns working with George Mitchell.[1] It began as a one-off special in 1957 called The 1957 Television Minstrels featuring the male Mitchell Minstrels (Mitchell was the musical director) and the female Television Toppers dancers. The show was first broadcast on the BBC on 14 June 1958. It was popular and soon developed into a regular 45-minute show on Saturday evening prime-time television, featuring a sing-along format with both solo and minstrel pieces (often with extended segueing), some country and western and music derived from other foreign folk cultures. The male Minstrels performed in blackface; the female dancers and other supporting artists did not. The show included "comedy interludes" performed by Leslie Crowther, George Chisholm and Stan Stennett. It was initially produced by George Inns with George Mitchell. The Minstrels' main soloists were baritone Dai Francis, tenor John Boulter, and bass Tony Mercer.[2] During the nine years that the show was broadcast in black and white, the blackface makeup was actually red, as black did not film as well.
Prior to the creation of the Television Minstrels Show in 1957 the Television Toppers were already very popular, and The BBC Television Toppers first performed in 1953 which was aired on television for the first time February 1953. Originally the Television Toppers were dancers who performed weekly on a television show every Saturday night alongside different celebrities each week, such as Judy Garland. They also performed at Royal Command Performances. They were newspaper entertainment mini celebrities, and headlined as earning £1,000 a year in 1953.
The BBC Television Toppers were loaned for one day by the BBC under contract and appear in the iconic 1955 film The Dam Busters in the spotlight theatre dancing scene. The filming of this scene was at the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith. No credits are shown on this film as to who the dancers were or the location of the theatre.[citation needed]
Popularity [ edit ]
By 1964, the show was achieving viewing figures of 21 million. The Minstrels also had a theatrical show at the Victoria Palace Theatre produced by Robert Luff[3] which ran for 6,477 performances from 1962 to 1972 and established itself in The Guinness Book of Records as the stage show seen by the largest number of people. At this time, the creation gained considerable international regard and was sold to over thirty countries; in 1961 the show won a Golden Rose at Montreux for best light entertainment programme and the first three albums of songs (1960–1962) all did extremely well, the first two being long-running #1 albums in the UK Albums Chart. The first of these became the first album in UK album sales history to pass 100,000 sales.[4]
In the spring of 1962 the BBC musical variety show, The Black and White Minstrel Show, was to open at the Victoria Palace Theatre. While the three lead singers, Tony Mercer, John Boulter and Dai Francis, would be in the theatrical version of the show and also in the BBC TV version, both the chorus singers and dancers would be different groups in the theatre and on BBC TV. Since George Mitchell was completely tied up with the television version, they hired Harry Currie to be the chorus master to prepare the Victoria Palace minstrel singers.
While this was in preparation, Mitchell informed Currie that a second company would be prepared for the summer in Morecambe, and that the three lead minstrel singers in that company would follow for a tour of Australia and New Zealand beginning in the fall of 1962, and that the minstrel chorus and dancers would be auditioned and formed in Australia. Mitchell than asked Currie if they would be the chorus master for the Morecambe show, and would they also be one of the three lead soloists, then fly to Australia with the choreographer to build the company for the down under tour. Currie agreed, understanding that the tour was planned for 6 months.
Opening in Melbourne in the fall of 1962, the show secured full houses for all evening and matinee performances, so they were held over. This happened in both countries, and every box office record was broken. The show continued for 3 years, and the Australian and New Zealand box office records it set have never been broken.
EMI Records approached the 3 lead singers, Harry Currie, Jeff Hudson and Eric Whitley, and asked them to make an LP. Currie was asked to produce the LP, felt that since they were touring the songs should all be from 12 different cities in 12 different countries. Since there were no songs for Australia, New Zealand and Currie's home country – Canada – they wrote 3 songs over a weekend to cover those countries, and named the LP Three Voices Go Places, still advertised on the internet in 2018.
While it started off being broadcast in black and white, the show was one of the very first to be shown in colour on BBC2 in 1967. Several famous personalities guested on the show, while others started their careers there. Comedian Lenny Henry was one such star, being the first black performer to appear, in 1975.[5] In July 2009, Lenny Henry explained that they were contractually obliged to perform and regretted their part in the show,[6] telling The Times in 2015 that their appearance on the show led to a profound "wormhole of depression", and that they regretted their family not intervening to prevent them from continuing in the show.[7]
Racial controversy [ edit ]
The show's premise began to be seen as offensive and racist on account of its portrayal of blacked-up characters behaving in a stereotypical manner. After the murder in Alabama in 1963 of 35-year-old white postal worker William Lewis Moore, who was on a protest march against segregation in the American South, the satirical show That Was the Week That Was done a sketch in which Millicent Martin dressed as Uncle Sam and sung a parody of I Wanna Go Back to Mississippi ("Where the scent of blossom kissed the evening breeze / Where the Mississippi mud / Seems to mingle with the blood / Of the niggers that are hanging from the branches of the trees[8]) accompanied by minstrel singers in blackface ("... we hate all the darkies and the Catholics and the Jews / Where we welcome any man / Who is strong and white and belongs to the Ku Klux Klan"), parodying the Black and White Minstrels supposed trivialising of southern U.S. racism.[9][10]
A petition against the show was received by the BBC from the Campaign Against Racial Discrimination in 1967.[11] In 1969, due to continuing accusations of racism, Music Music Music, a spin-off series in which the minstrels appeared without their blackface make-up, replaced The Black and White Minstrel Show. It did well, with viewing figures to match the Minstrels, but the BBC were not happy and The Black and White Minstrel Show returned to win back viewers.
Since its cancellation in 1978, The Black and White Minstrel Show has come to be seen widely as an embarrassment, despite its huge popularity at the time.[12][13]
Post-TV work [ edit ]
The BBC1 TV show was cancelled in 1978 as part of a reduction in variety programming (by this point the blackface element had been reduced),[14] while the stage show continued. A touring version toured continuously from 1960 until 1987, with a second company touring Australia and New Zealand from 1962–65, 1969–1971 and 1978–79. Having left the Victoria Palace Theatre, where the stage show played from 1962 to 1972, a second show toured almost every year to various big city and seaside resort theatres around the UK, including The Futurist in Scarborough, The Winter Gardens in Morecambe, The Festival Theatre in Paignton, The Congress Theatre in Eastbourne and The Pavilion Theatre in Bournemouth. This continued every year until 1989, when a final tour of three Butlins resorts (Minehead, Bognor Regis, and Barry Island) saw the last official Black and White Minstrel Show on stage.
Cultural impact [ edit ]
In the late 1960s, Music Music Music, a "whiteface" version of the show, had been tried, only to lose viewers.[15] In a 1971 episode of The Two Ronnies, a musical sketch, "The Short and Fat Minstrel Show", was performed as a parody of The Black and White Minstrel Show, featuring spoofs of various songs.[16] "Alternative Roots", an episode of the BBC comedy series The Goodies, spoofed the popularity of The Black and White Minstrel Show, suggesting that any programme could double its viewing figures by being performed in blackface, and mentioning that a series of The Black and White Minstrel Show had been tried without make up.[17] They Are You Being Served? episode "Roots" featured a storyline in which Mr. Grace's lineage was traced in order to perform an appropriate song and dance for their 90th birthday. The end result was a number that parodied The Black and White Minstrel Show by having the male performers in blackface while the females (excluding Mrs. Slocombe) were not.
Soundtrack albums [ edit ]
The Black and White Minstrel Show [ edit ]
Chart positions [ edit ]
Chart Year Peak
position UK Albums Chart[18] 1961 1 1962 1963
Preceded by
South Pacific by Original Soundtrack
South Pacific by Original Soundtrack
South Pacific by Original Soundtrack
The Shadows by The Shadows
Out of the Shadows by The Shadows by Original Soundtrackby Original Soundtrackby The Shadowsby The Shadows UK Albums Chart number-one album
29 July 1961 – 26 August 1961
2 September 1961 – 9 September 1961
16 September 1961 – 23 September 1961
21 October 1961 – 28 October 1961
29 December 1962 – 12 January 1963 Succeeded by
South Pacific by Original Soundtrack
South Pacific by Original Soundtrack
The Shadows by
The Shadows by The Shadows
West Side Story by Original Soundtrack by Original Soundtrackby The Shadows by The Shadowsby Original Soundtrack
Another Black and White Minstrel Show [ edit ]
Chart positions [ edit ]
Chart Year Peak
position UK Albums Chart[19] 1961 1 1962
On Stage with the George Mitchell Minstrels [ edit ]
Chart positions [ edit ]
Chart Year Peak
position UK Albums Chart[20] 1962 1
Preceded by
Out of the Shadows by The Shadows UK Albums Chart number-one album
1 December 1962 – 15 December 1962 Succeeded by
West Side Story by Original Soundtrack
Other charted albums [ edit ]
Title Year UK[21] On Tour With The George Mitchell Minstrels 1963 6 Spotlight On the George Mitchell Minstrels 1964 6 Magic of the Minstrels 1965 9 Here Come the Minstrels 1966 11 Showtime Special 1967 26 The Irving Berlin Songbook 1968 33 The Magic of Christmas 1970 32 The Black and White Minstrels With the Joe Loss Orchestra – 30 Golden Greats 1977 10
Jones, a renowned lawyer, civil rights activist, and champion of social and environmental justice, will receive honorary doctorate, deliver speech at Commencement 2017
Social justice champion and CNN political contributor Van Jones will soon be making headlines of a different sort as they take the podium this spring at Loyola University New Orleans Commencement 2017. Jones will receive an honorary doctor of humane letters degree from Loyola New Orleans and deliver the commencement speech to more than 750 graduates at Commencement, to be held at 9:45 a.m. on Saturday, May 13, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
Later the same day, Fourth Circuit Appellate Judge, the Hon. Madeleine M. Landrieu, J.D. '87, H '05 will deliver the law school commencement address at Commencement 2017 for the Loyola University of New Orleans College of Law, which runs from 5:45 to 7 p.m., also in the Superdome. In February, Loyola announced Landrieu would be the new dean of the Loyola University New Orleans College of Law, starting July 2017.
“Van Jones has had a long and meaningful career that has had tremendous impact on issues that affect us all,” said Loyola University President the Rev. Kevin Wm. Wildes, S.J., Ph.D. “At Loyola University New Orleans, we teach our students — and encourage our graduates — to be civic-minded. We ask them to ‘seek what matters most,' to seek justice for others, and to deploy their skills and talents to help better the world around them. Throughout their lifetime and from the heart, Van Jones has worked to advance and fulfill these values.”
A Yale-educated attorney, Anthony Kapel “Van” Jones is the author of two New York Times bestselling books devoted to environmental and social justice issues: The Green Collar Economy and Rebuild the Dream.
Among their many achievements, Jones has founded and led numerous organizations engaged in social and environmental justice, including:
· The Ella Baker Center for Human Rights, which promotes criminal justice reform
· Color of Change, which works for racial fairness through its 1 million members
· Rebuild The Dream, a 21st-century "think tank" that champions innovative solutions to fix the U.S. economy and uplift the next generation
· The Dream Corps, which promotes innovative policy solutions and operates three major advocacy initiatives: #YesWeCode, committed to helping train 100,000 low-opportunity youth to become top-level computer programmers; #cut50, which is working to cut the U.S. prison population in half in the next 10 years; and Green for All, which lifts people out of poverty through green job training and job creation
Jones served as President Barack Obama's special adviser and primary advocate for the Green Jobs Act. Signed into law by President George W. Bush in 2007, the Green Jobs Act was the first piece of federal legislation to use the term “green jobs.” During the Obama administration, the legislation resulted in $500 million in national funding for green jobs training. As special adviser to President Obama, beginning in 2009, Jones helped to lead the interagency process that oversaw the multibillion-dollar investment in skills training and jobs development within the environmental and green energy sectors.
Jones has also served as president of Dream Corps, as a distinguished visiting fellow at Princeton University, and as a co-host of CNN's political debate show Crossfire.  They are among activists featured in 13th, a 2016 documentary directed by Ava DuVernay about the U.S. justice system and factors that have resulted in the over-incarceration of minorities and the highest incarceration rate in the world. They have been a visiting fellow in collaborative economics at Presidio Graduate School and a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and American Progress Action Fund and is presently a fellow at the MIT Media Lab.
In 2004, the World Economic Forum recognized Jones as a Young Global Leader. In 2008, Fast Company ranked Jones one of the year's 12 Most Creative Minds on Earth. In 2009, Time magazine named Jones one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World. In 2010, they received the NAACP President's Award. In 2012, Rolling Stone named them among 12 Leaders Who Get Things Done. In 2013 and 2014, they were named to The Root 100. Jones has also been named to Ebony magazine's 2013 Power 100 and 2011 Power 150, and in 2008, they were named to one of Essence magazine's 25 Most Inspiring African Americans. They have been named one of National Priorities Project's 30th Anniversary Democracy Champions and served as a member of the international Ashoka Fellowship.
In true New Orleans fashion, Loyola will cap off Commencement 2017 with a traditional second- line celebration led by the Kinfolk Brass Band.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy is again to attempt an amendment to the US immigration bill, which would include sponsorship for same-sex partners of US citizens, after withdrawing a similar measure earlier in the committee stage.
On Tuesday, Senator Leahy filed the amendment to the immigration bill, despite having filed, and withdrawn the amendment before, reports Politico.
After the amendment was withdrawn, the committee passed the bill 13 votes to 5.
“Seeking equal protection under our laws for the LGBT community is the right thing to do,” they said in a statement on Tuesday. “I withheld my anti-discrimination amendment during the Senate Judiciary Committee markup. As the entire Senate turns to debate the immigration bill, the fight for equality must go on.”
The amendment, which had the backing of President Barack Obama, was previously proposed by Leahy, as they attempted to convince Republicans to support it, however some on the fragile bipartisan coalition said they would vote against the bill if the amendment was included.
Advocates of adding gay couples to the key bill, estimate that around 36,000 couples already live in the US who are not able to obtain the necessary green card, with more living abroad because they cannot obtain the visa.
Back in February, Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy also proposed a separate bill which would allow US citizens to sponsor their same-sex partners for residency visas, however advocates recognised that the bill was unlikely to pass in the Republican controlled US House on its own, rather than being included in the larger, more comprehensive bill.
It is currently unclear whether Leahy's new amendment will get a vote, as Republican majority and Democratic minority leaders in the Senate are still reaching an agreement on amendments.
The amendment would need at least 60 votes in order to pass.
As well as the immigration bill, the Supreme Court could also weigh in on the issue, as it is expected to rule by the end of June on the case around the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), which could see same-sex partners applying for green cards.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Schumacher is seen here in São Paulo, Brazil, in November 2012
The family of Michael Schumacher say they still "strongly believe" in their recovery six weeks after the skiing accident in which they were injured.
Thanking the public for the good wishes they had sent them in hospital in France, they said: "We are aware the wake-up phase can take a long time."
The racing driver is in a coma after injuring their head in the accident in the French Alps on 29 December.
According to a German tabloid, they had developed a lung infection.
The effects on their state of health are unknown, Bild reported, without citing sources.
Medically induced coma Can be induced by powerful anaesthetics and is broadly similar to the sedation and artificial ventilation used during surgery
It is used to shut down many brain functions and so lower blood flow and pressure.
Taking a patient out of an induced coma - reducing anaesthesia and removing mechanical ventilation - is a delicate process, especially after a prolonged period of sedation
Doctors, and Michael Schumacher's family at their bedside, will be looking for any signs of returning consciousness and recovery
Their family said in a statement: "The family continue to strongly believe in Michael's recovery and place all their trust in the doctors', nurses' and nursing auxiliaries' team.
"The important thing is not the speed of the recovery but that Michael's healing process progresses in a continuous and controlled way."
The Formula 1 legend, 45, was put into a medically induced coma by their doctors at a clinic in Grenoble following operations to remove blood clots from their brain.
Doctors have kept them asleep to help reduce the swelling.
Investigators say Schumacher was going at the speed of "a very good skier" when they hit a rock while skiing 8m off-piste at the resort of Meribel.
Schumacher retired from racing in 2012 after a 19-year career.
They had won two titles with Benetton, in 1994 and 1995, before switching to Ferrari in 1996 and going on to win five straight titles from 2000.
Your first name
Rappers Nikki Minaj and Chief Keef are white supremacists, says Hillary Clinton's campaign website.
On Monday, HillaryClinton.com put up a page “Donald Trump, Pepe the frog, and white supremacists: an explainer” in which it explained the “Pepe” meme, which has been increasingly shared by Donald Trump supporters.
Clinton's site points to a recent Instagram post from Donald Trump Jr., in which there is “a frog standing directly behind Trump?”
A photo posted by Donald Trump Jr. (@donaldjtrumpjr) on Sep 10, 2016 at 7:18pm PDT
“That's Pepe,” the site explains. “He's a symbol associated with white supremacy.”
“Wait. Really? White supremacy? That's right.”
Based on that logic, Nikki Minaj and Chief Keef might want to check their white privilege.
Minaj posted an image of the alleged-white supremacist frog on all fours, bearing Minaj's own trademark backside.
A photo posted by Nicki Minaj (@nickiminaj) on Dec 18, 2014 at 1:15pm PST
The post was captioned with 33 “crying-laughing” emojis and received 282,000 likes.
Chief Keef's post was used in a similar manner.
“Bro these niggas dumb as hell,” they captioned a photo-shopped meme of Pepe flying bomber plane.
That earned them 22,900 likes.
Clinton's website notes that though it's definitely 100 percent racist and scary today, the Pepe mem used to be enjoyed by teenagers and pop stars alike.
Which would explain un-official campaign songbird Katy Perry's use back in 2014.
Australian jet lag got me like pic.twitter.com/kriAAd6mZe — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) November 8, 2014
Shortly after Clinton posted its Pepe explainer, Reddit users made fun of the move as “both fucking hilarious and sad.”
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
Members of Colorado's congressional delegation slammed U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald this week for touting their agency's reform accomplishments during a Denver speech.
The VA has overhauled its construction practices, shortened patient-care waiting lists, become more efficient at meeting veterans' needs and made other improvements, McDonald said during a speech Monday. Their comments about how the agency has responded in the wake of its Aurora hospital construction debacle, struck a particular nerve with some in the Colorado delegation.
“I was deeply disappointed in McDonald's speech … and it says everything about why they have not made a difference in cleaning up the VA,” U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Aurora, wrote in an e-mail to The Denver Post on Monday. “Pure spin. No substance.  They are merely a placeholder.”
McDonald spoke before about 400 people — Coffman and several other politicians among them — at a United Veterans Committee of Colorado banquet on April 10.
The VA did not respond to several efforts seeking reaction from McDonald to the lawmakers' comments.
On Sunday, McDonald spoke of issues that have marred their time since taking charge in July 2014, including the $1.6 billion construction project at the VA medical center in Aurora which is $1 billion over budget and years behind schedule. An internal investigation found rampant mismanagement, but the VA has said no one currently with the agency will be disciplined.
“You can't fire your way to excellence,” McDonald said after describing how those responsible had already left the agency or were demoted.
Coffman said McDonald has refused “to acknowledge the depth of the problems at the VA.”
Other federal elected officials at the banquet struck a similar note.
“The VA's conclusion that no further personnel action was necessary to hold individuals accountable is an abdication of its responsibility,” U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet said in an e-mail to The Post.
Particularly troublesome to the Colorado delegation was McDonald's characterization of the agency working in tandem with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in finishing the long-overdue VA center.
“Since we discovered errors in construction, we've made major reforms,” McDonald said. “We changed how we design, bid and construct facilities. And we're shoulder-to-shoulder with the Army Corps of Engineers.”
Coffman said McDonald has it wrong.
“The reality is that the VA has been kicked off the project and permanently stripped of their ability to manage any construction projects in excess of $100 million which puts them out of the hospital building business altogether,” Coffman said.
Bennet agreed: “We stripped the VA of construction authority because the VA should devote its resources and personnel to improving the delivery of care to veterans and because it demonstrated incompetence building several medical facilities.”
U.S. Rep. Ed Perlmutter, D-Arvada, also at the event, said the Army Corps was “now in charge” of the project.
“The VA Medical Facility has been woefully mismanaged from the start, which is why we passed legislation to strip the VA of its construction authority,” they said in an e-mail to The Post.
Another at the event, U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Yuma, said they appreciate McDonald's zeal, but noted little substance in VA's handling of own construction mismanagement.
“I remain concerned … about the continued lack of accountability at the VA,” Gardner wrote in an e-mail. “I look forward to learning the results of the VA Office of Inspector General's review and I expect decisive action against anyone who is found responsible.”
McDonald confirmed a criminal investigation was ongoing into the project's mismanagement, but reiterated that those responsible are already gone.
“The evidence simply does not support actions against any individual still employed by VA,” McDonald told the UVC gathering. “We don't administer punishment based on opinions, recycled and embellished media accounts, or external pressure.”
Coffman, a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, also fumed when McDonald described a waiting-list scandal that erupted in the VA's Veterans' Health Administration in Phoenix in 2014 and spread nationwide as having stemmed from a lack of training.
“I can't believe they said that,” Coffman wrote. “It had nothing to do with a lack of training but was fundamental to a culture of corruption. VA employees manipulated their appointment wait records to show that they were meeting specific goals in order to receive cash bonuses.”
David Migoya: 303-954-1506, dmigoya@denverpost.com or @davidmigoya
Kentucky hemp research trials this year include hemp varieties for the production of fiber, grains and cannabinoids. Cannabinoids, such as hemp-based cannabidiol, can be used in food and dietary supplements for consumer health and wellness benefits.
“Our work has expanded greatly this year to include all three harvestable components of hemp,” said University of Kentucky agronomists David Williams, who along with Rich Mundell, leads the research. “We are hoping to optimize grower profitability through these small plot studies.”
Industrial hemp research at the University of Kentucky is moving along in its second year. Researchers in the University of Kentucky College of Agriculture, Food and Environment hosted a field day Aug. 13 to showcase their current hemp projects, conducted under the guidance of the Kentucky Department of Agriculture.
Research projects include comparing the fiber quality of three varieties of hemp. The varieties will be compared to each other as well as flax and kenaf, other fiber plants. The project will look at two harvest methods and three harvest timings when the plants are at different maturities.
Other research includes two separate hemp variety trials for fiber and grain production, herbicide tolerance trial for hemp used for grain production and a row spacing trial geared toward fiber production. Specific projects are conducted in conjunction with researchers at Murray State University, Western Kentucky University and Eastern Kentucky University.
Earlier this year, UK researchers faced some initial planting delays due to acquiring seed from international sources and wet weather throughout much of the spring and summer. These delays will not affect harvest, but will likely have researchers harvesting smaller plants.
Leah Black is the university's first graduate student concentrated solely on hemp research in the modern era. Them research projects focus on cannabinoid production. In addition to being used in food and dietary supplements, the pharmaceutical industry is researching cannabinoids for a variety of therapeutic purposes. Right now, all of the cannabinoids found in health and nutrition products come from outside the U.S.
Black is specifically investigating whether unfertilized populations of female hemp plants produce more cannabinoids. They will also conduct a yield test based on direct seeding and various seed densities using a tobacco setter.
“It's a very familiar process for our Kentucky tobacco farmers, which is who we are trying to center the experimental design on,” they said. “We still have a lot to learn, especially when it comes to harvest, but it's definitely a point of interest for us to try to preserve the equipment that our farmers are used to.”
While UK research is still in its beginnings, UK agronomists hope this year provides the first of what will eventually become publishable research data. All agronomy research must be conducted for at least two years.
What Are The Criticisms?
We cannot identify DSGE models (too many parameters versus the amount of available data). Certain senior economists associated with Real Business Cycle models are political hacks.
I discuss these in turn.
Identification - Yeah, What Are You Going To Do About It?
We need at least four sectors (households, central government, businesses, external sector), and realistically need more than that. (Capital goods versus consumer goods, financial sector, de-consolidating the central bank, high-skill versus low-skill labour, etc.) .
There are multiple financial instruments that govern the interaction of sectors, and real quantities such as inventories and capital (and post-Keynesians may immediately start yelping about how we measure "capital".)
The more sectors and instruments that you have, the more equations (constraints) are needed to describe the interactions. (As Romer describes, going up with the square of the number of sectors.) Accounting considerations can eliminate some equations, but typically only one of them for each sub-system.
Unless we want to have linear functions determining behaviour, we need multiple parameters describing behaviour.
able
Fiscal policy is a priori evil, and to be avoided. This means that theory must scientifically prove that central banks are able to control the business cycle. (Insert disclaimer about the zero lower bound.) Monetary policy almost entirely consists of a committee setting a single control variable (interest rates). This is central planning at its finest, and so the central planners need a scientific model that allows them to set that interest rate. Therefore, research staffs at central banks must have "scientific" models of the entire economy.
There is nothing in the Romer paper that suggests breaking that inexorable chain of logic. The only implication of their paper is that the current failed identification procedures be replaced by some other obfuscatory procedure that mainstream researchers can present as "scientific."
That said, mainstream researchers are churning out thousands of new papers every year. including papers on identification. In other words, this issue is already being dealt with (from the perspective of mainstream researchers).
Real Business Cycle Theory Is Political Hackery
Concluding Remarks
Post-Script: Real Effects Of Monetary Policy
Paul Romer recently raised a stir with a paper " The Trouble with Macroeconomics. " In my view, the implications of this paper are being misunderstood. The interpretation I have seen is that a senior practitioner of mainstream macro is pointing out the deficiencies in DSGE modelling, and that this will cause some soul searching and changes of habits in the economic mainstream. However, this paper seems to be best understood as a venting of professional grievances by someone leaving academia to take a senior policy position, and there is nothing in the paper that is already obvious to any halfway competent mainstream economist.I see two main areas of criticism within the paper.If we want to create an economic model that covers the entire macroeconomy, we need to write down equations (more generally, constraints) that relate the various economic variables that we wish to model. Those equations will contain parameters that determine how the system behaves -- what is the quantitative effect of changing one variable upon the others?Unfortunately, this is a big problem,We very rapidly end up with more parameters than we have independent observations.However, this is true forconceivable modelling approach. Romer correctly points out that the DSGE researchers are effectively pulling parameters out of their nether regions, and obfuscating this by burying the description under Bayesian sludge. Although true, there is no alternative if we want to develop a whole economy model -- any identification technique is effectively going to involve researchers pulling parameters out of their nether regions. That said, no one is going to say that in print in an economic journal, as that would be "unscientific." (I am willing to write things like that, but I am a victim of a terminal case of beingunable to lie convincingly.)The "neoclassical" project in business cycle macro might be summarised as:Paul Romer has some professional beefs with some of the authors associated with Real Business Cycle (RBC) theory. Gosh, an academic is involved in academic politics -- what a shocking development! Seriously, no academic should view this anything other than an academic political spat. (Apparently, one post-Keynesian compared another's editorship of a journal to the rulership of Robert Mugabe, so Romer's beefs are pretty weak sauce.)I do not really care about what is happening within mainstream economic journals (where RBC apparently still has a foothold), but it is not taken seriously elsewhere -- other than as for teaching models, since they are simpler than New Keynesian models. Central banks do have DSGE models, but they are New Keynesian models. The only people who appear to care about Lucasare free marketeers who do not want to join the Austrian economics cult, and this seems to be pretty well understood.Although this paper has generated a fair amount of headlines, the criticisms are extremely weak from the perspective of mainstream economics, and there is no reason to expect it to cause changes in behaviour. Whatever debates it spawns will be a distraction from the deeper problems associated with DSGE macro.There is a discussion of the real effects of monetary policy within the paper (part of the dispute with the RBC crowd). However, Romer points to the ability of the Fed to raise interest rates as evidence of this.This would make no sense to anyone who is unaware that people believed (as Romer appears to do) that the Volcker Fed was setting the level of the money supply, and the interest rate settled at its own level. This interpretation is exactly the opposite of the endogenous money view, which argues that the Fed was truly setting interest rates in an attempt to control the growth of the money supply. (In exactly the same way that central banks now set the interest rate to try to control the level of inflation.)I think the best description of reality is the endogenous money view; I believe there was even some later research by the Fed (or other well known mainstream authors) which admitted that the "money supply targeting" was a deliberate obfuscation of reality, because the Fed did not want to admit it deliberately blew the economy out of the water with outrageously high interest rates. (I do not have the reference any more.)I am supposed to be writing about the "endogenous money" debate some time later, so I do not want to go into that here. However, it looks like another reason for post-Keynesians not to celebrate this paper.(c) Brian Romanchuk 2016
Story highlights Orlando Health and Florida Hospital treated dozens of victims
"We hope this gesture can add to the heart and goodwill," hospital official says
(CNN) After a gunman killed 49 people at an Orlando gay nightclub in June, survivors of the massacre faced a new nightmare: mounting medical bills.
Orlando Health and Florida Hospital hope to provide some relief to the survivors, and say they will not bill victims of the Pulse nightclub shooting.
The hospitals said Wednesday that survivors of the massacre will not have to pay for their medical expenses, which add up to millions of dollars.
In addition to the fatalities, 53 people were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the nightclub on June 12.
"Orlando Health has not sent any hospital or medical bills directly to Pulse patients and we don't intend to pursue reimbursement of medical costs from them," said Sabrina Childress, a spokesperson for Orlando Health.
Read More
Philip Garber Jr. says they have never experienced such a level of discrimination before. (credit: CBS 2)
— If you stutter, federal law prohibits anyone from discriminating against you on the job or in school. But a local college student who stutters says they were told not to speak in their class because of their disability.
Philip Garber Jr., who has been taking classes at the County College of Morris in New Jersey, said the incident made them feel like “stuttering is something to laugh at and that it's not something to take seriously.”
The outspoken 16-year-old, who stutters, has been taking the classes to overcome their disability. They said an adjunct professor in a history course told them not to ask questions during class so as not to disrupt the other students, CBS 2's Christine Sloan reported.
“The first feeling was just shock,” said Garber, who is an aspiring photojournalist.
Garber said they were even more shocked when the adjunct professor told them to write out the questions before and after class. That's when the college administration got involved and moved them to an identical course, where they felt more comfortable.
“He was in fact discriminated against in this class — that is other students were not asked to make the same accommodations,” College President Edward Yaw said. “So that is something we take seriously.”
Garber has struggled with stuttering all of their life and has been home-schooled and has gotten speech therapy.
“I have never experienced this level of discrimination,” they said.
CBS 2 was unable to get comment from the adjunct professor, but the majority of students who are not in the class are behind the 16-year-old.
“He paid tuition like everyone else did and it's not fair that he's not allowed to speak in class,” said student Henny Harmon.
The college wouldn't say if any action was taken against the adjunct professor because officials said they don't discuss personnel matters.
What do you make of these allegations of discrimination? Share your thoughts in the comments section below…
Porsche only introduced the 356C when the 911 was just about to hit the market in 1964, upgrading the old model with such extras as unassisted disc brakes all around, as well as an option of the most powerful pushrod engine Porsche had ever produced, the 95 hp "SC."
Devon's 1965 356 is not an SC. Instead, it's a numbers-matching father and son project that started out as a rusty yellow 356C a few years back. Since then, its engine has been rebuilt and bored to 1780cc by a Hungarian mechanic, allowing the flat-four to produce a whopping 73 horsepower, at least. As you can tell, it's also painted black now, but the factory four-speed and the 6V electric system have been retained, just like all the rest of the stock components.
356s were built like Beetles, only better, which means a tiny engine like this 73 horsepower unit could potentially propel this roughly 1800 lb car until there's a million miles on the clock. And when it all fails, removing the engine for a major overhaul will only take about nine minutes. That's German engineering, right there.
SF home prices see big drop in January
The Arden, one of Mission Bay's newer condominium towers, makes a virtue of the neighborhood's horizontal emphasis zoning rather than trying to hide that it doesn't exist. The Arden, one of Mission Bay's newer condominium towers, makes a virtue of the neighborhood's horizontal emphasis zoning rather than trying to hide that it doesn't exist. Photo: John King, The Chronicle Photo: John King, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close SF home prices see big drop in January 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The median price paid for new and existing Bay Area homes and condos that sold in January was $630,000, down 5.3 percent from December and up 1.6 percent from January of last year, according to CoreLogic data released Tuesday.
In San Francisco alone, the median price paid in January was $1,067,500, down 5.1 percent from December and down 9.2 percent from January of last year. A big reason for the drop is that only 58 new homes sold this January compared with 159 last year, and new homes tend to be pricier than existing ones, said Andrew LePage, CoreLogic research analyst.
“Buyers will pay a 10 to 15 percent premium over resale (home prices) to be the first to own something. Buyers in San Francisco want to be the first to cook on a stove and the first to use a bathroom,” said Gregg Lynn, a real estate agent with Sotheby's.
The city's condo-building boom can cause distortions in monthly data because developers generally begin selling units long before construction is completed, but sales are not recorded until the building is ready for occupancy and buyers close escrow. So when new buildings come online, there can be a clump of closings.
In January of last year, three condo developments accounted for 130 of the 159 new-home sales. The median price paid for new homes (mostly condos) in San Francisco was $1,263,000 in January, down 8.9 percent from January 2016.
However, if you look only at existing San Francisco homes and condos sold in January, the median prices were $1,130,250 and $1,045,000, respectively, up 7.2 and 6.9 percent.
A change in the mix of houses sold impacted prices across the Bay Area.
Except for San Francisco, prices rose in every Bay Area county year over year, in some cases (Marin and Napa) by double digits. But the median price for the nine-county region rose a mere 1.6 percent because “a higher share of sales occurred in the more affordable inland stretches of the Bay Area. Plus, a higher share were resale condos and a lower share were newly built,” LePage said.
Sales meanwhile continue to be constrained by low inventory. Only 4,849 homes and condos sold in the region in January, down 31.4 percent from December and up a mere 0.2 percent year over year.
Sales typically fall between December and January, and this year's decline was slightly above the long-run average of 29 percent. January sales were 17.5 percent below the long-run average for the first month of the year.
Because they feel the future is so uncertain, “people who can choose not to sell are choosing not to sell,” Lynn said. “We have less inventory on the market than we did a year or ago or two years ago.”
New construction will add to supply this year, but generally in higher price ranges (except for mandatory affordable housing). In San Francisco, there were 1,116 new condo units on the market in February, including units that are sold while still under construction. There were an additional 1,272 units under construction that are not yet being offered, according to the Mark Co.
At this time last year, there were 655 new units for sale and 1,201 under construction.
Kathleen Pender is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: kpender@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kathpender
The State of the Cryptoasset Market (November)
Argon Group Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 8, 2017
Written by: Sherwin Dowlat / Michael Hodapp of The Argon Group
Make sure to follow us on Twitter to get further insight about the cryptoasset market, ICO regulation and all initiatives of The Argon Group.
This report contains the following sections:
Market Analysis
Upcoming ICO's
Argon ICO's
Important Dates
Crypto Event Calendar
Market Analysis
Top 20 Crypto Performance (1-Month)
Correlation Chart Among Top 20 Cryptos (1-Year)
Last month, we noted the relationship that large-cap cryptoassets (particularly BTC & ETH) price movements have held with ICO market health. To our surprise, despite considerably stronger performance of large-caps in the past month, ICO funding numbers this month were solid. The ICO market saw record funding in November, with over $740m (+44% m/m) in new raises.
Though aggregate numbers reached a record high, per-deal data softened as the number of projects increased. ~45 total ICO's completed in November versus ~30 in October, while there were ~35 $6m+ deals closed in the month (versus ~17 in the same basket in October). Median deal size of ~$17m decreased from $19m last month, based on all deals $6m+).
Source: CoinDesk, Argon Data
Source: Argon Data
In terms of macro outlook, we find it prudent to note several developments that could benefit large-cap performance, including:
· Futures contracts: This is a monumental point in the cryptocurrency space, as the first vehicles targeted for a substantially large and hungry institutional base to gain exposure to crypto will now become available. There have been several headlines noting potentially net-bearish impact that the futures market will bring, since up until this time the avenues to short BTC have been limited. However, we believe the wall of eager institutional money that has been waiting for this type of exposure will exceed the impact of the short avenue it opens. We remain cautious on BTC after its run-up, and anticipate further volatility above the ~$12,000 range going into 12/10 CBOE opening of futures/through the 12/18 CME opening, before another leg up $20k+. During this time we think more liquid, large-caps such as ETH, LTC, and BCH may benefit from rotation out of BTC.
· Custodial improvements: A challenge faced by institutional holders of cryptocurrencies has been around custody. With limited resources currently, Coinbase's announcement of its new Digital Currency Custodian services for institutions will address the ~$10b of estimated institutional sideline money. Expected to launch throughout 2018, Coinbase's new service will allow support for Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, and ERC-20 tokens to clients with over $10m in deposits. Additionally, this has led to speculation around the possibility of ERC-20 tokens being added to their platform for trading (est. early 2018).
· Retail awareness: Following the price increase in Bitcoin, we've noticed record levels of retail attention. Notably, last week Coinbase, GDAX, Bittrex, Bitstamp, and Google Authenticator were all trending queries on the Apple App Store (the first time ever for all of them, outside of Coinbase). Coinbase is currently listed as a top-10 ranked free app (ranked #1/2 a few days this week), and has exceeded Charles Schwab in total number of accounts (11.7m vs 10.6m at Schwab as of Oct). This has been followed by a substantially higher premium on the GDAX exchange (premium of ~4%, with a peak of ~8% yesterday vs. avg of ~1%), implying heightened retail interest. Additionally, “Bitcoin” and associated cryptocurrency phrases have remained on the US top 10 google search trends rankings several days this month. These follow the announcement by Square earlier this month to allow purchases/sales of Bitcoin through its Square Cash app, which we think is a substantial inlet for further retail money. Despite the short term technical intimidation by BTC's parabolic chart, these are some of the most bullish signs we have ever seen considering the longer term.
Coinbase Number of Users (Source: Alistair Milne, @alistairmilne)
Coinbase Sequential User Growth, 2017 (Source: Alistair Milne, @alistairmilne)
Upcoming ICO's:
(12/05) VRT — a VR platform for integration of developers, consumers, and business
(12/07) SwissBorg — A platform with the objective of creating a community owner Swiss CyberBank
(12/07) CryptoBnB — Disrupting the short term rentals market using blockchain technology
(12/10) Devery — A blockchain powered, open-source, product verification protocol
(12/11) LoyalCoin — A blockchain based loyalty and rewards platform
(12/12) Augmate Connect — An enterprise IoT management platform
(12/13) AppCoins — An open and distributed protocol for App Stores
(12/13) Experty — Uber for knowledge sharing
(12/15) Bread — A simple and secure bitcoin wallet
(12/15) AidCoin — A token for charitable giving built on Ethereum
(12/20) KDBOX — African virtual bank and cryptocurrency built on Ethereum
Argon ICO's
Science, the first incubator ICO, concluded its public sale on November 22 and raised over $12m. Science ICO is advised by the Argon Group.
Protos, a crypto hedge fund which will invest in cryptocurrencies and digital tokens utilizing a data-driven trading strategy, launched its public sale on November 7. Additionally, Protos recently announced PRTS2, a utility token that will be “airdropped” to PRTS token holders and issued in a new ICO to finance some of the building of the “Multi-Manager Platform” infrastructure being created. From now until December 15th a PRTS2 token will be airdropped for every PRTS investment made. With the proposed multi-manager platform we intend to connect holders of large amounts of capital with leading strategy developers. The platform will provide crypto traders with the tools they need to build, test and run quant trading strategies. Find more information about the announcement here. The Protos ICO is advised by the Argon Group.
Nuggets, a consumer blockchain platform which gives users a single biometric tool for login/payment/ID verification using zero-knowledge storage, delayed its public sale launch in response to adverse market conditions. Find more information about the announcement here. The Nuggets ICO is advised by the Argon Group.
Important Dates
CBOE Bitcoin Futures Begin Trading — 12/10
CME Bitcoin Futures Begin Trading — 12/18
NASDAQ Bitcoin Futures Begin Trading — 1H2018
Cantor Fitzgerald Binary Options Begin Trading — 1H2018
Crypto Event Calendar
(12/7) SparkChain Crypto Conference; Seoul, Korea — Argon's MD Elliot Han will be a keynote speaker, along with Jed McCaleb (XRP, XLM) and Patrick Dai (QTUM).
(12/8) Cryptospace Moscow; Moscow, Russia
(12/8) CryptoCon [0]; Oakland, US
(12/8) Blockchain Impact; Toronto, Canada
(12/9–12/12) d10e; Ljubljana, Slovenia
(12/14–12/17) d10e; Bucharest, Romania
(12/12) D4C — Day For Crypto; Covington, US
(12/12) Blockchain & Bitcoin Conference Slovenia; Ljubljana, Slovenia
(12/13) CryptoBlockCon 2017; Las Vegas, US
(12/18–12/19) Global Blockchain Conference; New Delhi, India
(12/20) BTC Awards CIS; Kyiv, Ukraine
Thanks for reading! Please let us now if you liked this report, we appreciate every clap / share / comment. To get future updates, follow us on…
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Medium
Recommended Readings
Appendix: Charts
Top 10 Crypto Performance (1-Year)
Top 10 Crypto Performance (1-Month)
Christina McMahon has secured the Interim WBC Bantamweight title after defeating Catherine Phiri in Zambia.
The former kickboxing champion is Ireland's only professional female boxer and outclassed their opponent in front of their home support to claim the belt.
The Monaghan native had to endure a fine start to the ten-round contest by Phiri but McMahon got stronger as the fight progressed to land the title.
McMahon's unbeaten record has been extended to 7-0 as the 40-year-old secured the €17,000 purse.
Christina “Lightning” McMahon schooled Catherine Phiri. They were way too smart #experience — Mwiinga Maimbolwa (@mwiingasson) May 2, 2015
Phiri was rated second with the WBC ahead of the fight, while McMahon will surely move up from their tenth place.
McMahon should now get a chance to be crowned outright WBC world champion against reigning world champion Yazmin Rivas.
As mentioned in our big E3 post, there are a whole lotta great games coming to the NA Wii U (and 3DS!) eShop this year. Today, we enter the GBA/Wii U marketplace with the classic Mega Man Battle Network. If you missed out in the 2000s, this is a great chance to play it not just on a big screen, but also anywhere around the house thanks to Wii U's Gamepad!
BUT that's not all. Much like Mega May, August 2014 will see a Mega Man title released on the eShop each Thursday. I'll even go one further say these are the titles:
Mega Man 5 (NES)
Mega Man 6 (NES)
Mega Man X3 (SNES)
Mega Man Battle Chip Challenge (GBA)
However, the release order will be a mystery... so you'll have to fire up your Wii U each Thursday to see which one came out!
EU players, don't worry - there are MM titles on the way too. In fact, you got MMBN on July 24th!
Not sure what we should call this month... Mega May made sense, but Mega August? Megust? Megaugust?
AUSTIN, Texas (CN) — The Travis County judge in Texas' state capital made their sentiments visible last week, donning a “pussyhat” to preside over a meeting at which they forcefully advocated for women's reproductive rights.
County judges in Texas are not judicial officers; they are the county's executive officers, and preside over county commission meetings. Like all county commissioners, county judges are elected. Travis County Judge Sarah Eckhardt is the first woman elected to the post in their county.
Eckhardt wore a pink pussyhat during the commission's Jan. 24 meeting, at which the commission considered a proclamation supporting reproductive health care. Travis County, based in Austin, is a liberal enclave in Texas.
The pink, knitted beanie with pointy cat ears has become a symbol of solidarity with women's rights, particularly since the nationwide Women's Marches on Jan. 21.
Eckhardt, who took 62 percent of the Travis County vote in 2015, said, “Get my cat ears going here for this one,” at last week's meeting, as they adjusted their hat while introducing the reproductive choice proclamation.
When the commission met again this Tuesday to vote on a revised version of the proclamation, neither the judge's pussyhat nor the word “abortion” made an appearance.
The proclamation, which also has been proposed as a resolution in the Austin City Council, was timed to coincide with the 44th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Roe v. Wade.
It followed close on the heels of the introduction of a bill in the Texas legislature that would prohibit abortion from “fertilization until birth” and allow murder charges to be filed against women who have abortions and doctors who perform them.
“There are one in three pregnant, capable people in this country who need abortion care in their lifetime,” Eckhardt said at the Jan. 24 meeting. “It's a decision that should be left to the individual as a personal, private matter without government interference, which is what we're here to honor today. And for many other families and individuals, this is not just a decision that they're making, but it's also life-saving health care.”
Commissioner Gerald Daugherty called the original proclamation “a little problematic” because it mentioned “abortion” seven times.
“There's no more electrifying subject matter, especially today with what's happened in the last couple weeks, to where that is such a lightning rod of a word,” Daugherty said at the original meeting. “And for somebody that is so supportive of women's health care, I just hate to be boxed in a spot where I've got to go out and defend why I would support something that has to … get in your face over, you know, the abortion issue.”
Eckhardt agreed to postpone a vote on the proclamation for a week, to refine the language in search of a unanimous vote.
They achieved it on Tuesday. The revised version was nearly identical to the original, though the word “abortion” had been edited out entirely, replaced with phrases such as “termination of a pregnancy” and “reproductive choice.”
Eckhardt's pussyhat was also missing. Them spokesperson Loretta Farb declined to comment as to why.
Travis County Attorney David Escamilla said this week that their office had not received any complaints about Judge Eckhardt's hat, and that they are not aware of any law that restricts clothing choices for county commissioners.
But Farb said the judge's office has received complaints and messages of support about Eckhardt's hat. Social media commentators were not restrained; at least one called their “unprofessional and unethical” for wearing the pussyhat. One called them a criminal for wearing the hat.
“You should be removed immediately!” one Facebook poster wrote. “You have incriminated yourself and confirmed your bias with your behavior and you no longer deserve nor command the respect that typically accompanies the position of a judge.”
Across the country, other elected officials have been spotted wearing pussyhats.
Congresswoman Jackie Speier, a California Democrat, wore one to the recent presidential inauguration.
Former Texas gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis wore a matching pink dress with their pussyhat to speak at the Women's March in Austin.
Creators of the PussyhatProject say they created the hat and website to “reclaim” the word “pussy” as a means of empowerment.
Many women who wore the hats to the Women's Marches carried signs, “Pussy Grabs Back,” a response to Donald Trump's recorded comments about grabbing women “by the pussy.”
“Pussyhat Project is a movement, not just a moment,” the creators declared on the project's website after the marches. “Hold onto your hats, and wear them loudly and proudly.”
Eckhardt's spokesperson said the judge does not plan to wear the hat to a meeting of the commissioners court again.
Like this: Like Loading...
Ask the Scientists
Join The Discussion
What is the context of this research?
Can human sight be augmented to see into the near infrared range through human formation of porphyropsin, the protein complex which grants infrared vision to freshwater fish?
What is the significance of this project?
While the ability to see outside the normal range of human perception is, in of itself, fairly exciting, being able to do so without cumbersome electronic equipment is doubly so.
The research results will be free, open source, and replicable by the layperson.
We are also hoping to use this study as a proof of concept to continue working on a more long term modification to human vision that doesn't rely on dietary restrictions / supplementation.
What are the goals of the project?
Funding will be used to purchase the equipment and parts needed for data acquisition. The collection of meaningful data is of utmost importance in all research, and your contribution will provide access to an electroretinograph; a device which is capable of measuring the changes which occur within the test subjects eyes. This data will be compared to that acquired from the control subjects in order to determine the range of deviation.
History of Gwalia Hoover takes the lead Herbert Clark Hoover (August 10, 1874 – October 20, 1964) was an American geologist and mining engineer who had worked at several mines in Western Australia before they were appointed Mining Superintendent (manager) of the Sons of Gwalia Mine from 1 May 1898. Hoover, who was just 23 years old, immediately initiated radical changes to cut costs. They increased working hours, introduced single-handed work, ordered shift changes to occur at the working face rather than above ground, and stopped double time on Sundays as well as bonuses for working wet ground. They employed contract labour from the pool of European migrants willing to work for lower wages, bringing them into conflict with the Miners' Union which had already organised a number of strikes on the WA goldfields in a bid for better pay and conditions.  They are reported to have written of the migrants, whom they regarded as their allies against the powerful union: "I have a bunch of Italians coming up ... and will put them in the mine on contract work. If they are satisfactory I will secure enough of them to hold the property in case of a general strike and ... will reduce wages." This trend of employing migrant labour continued into the next century and, until the closure of Sons of Gwalia Mine in 1963, a large proportion of the miners were Italian and Yugoslav immigrants who gave Gwalia its unique character. In their six months as mine manager, Hoover designed the mine manager's house and oversaw the design of the staff and office buildings, all to be constructed on the hill overlooking the mine and the growing townsite where the workers lived. They were transferred to China in November 1898 before the majority of the buildings (including the mine manager's house) were completed. In China, Hoover was chief engineer for the Chinese Bureau of Mines and general manager for the Chinese Engineering and Mining Corporation, but they maintained their confidence in the potential of the Western Australian goldfields: “The ore reserves already opened in many West Australian mines are not inconsiderable, and will insure a life of several years… Western Australia is a country of surprises; it may do more than this, but it can conservatively be expected to do so much.”
- The West Australian, 6 February 1899, reported from Herbert Hoover's comments in the Engineering and Mining Journal of New York In 1901 Hoover was made a partner in Bewick Moreing & Co, the British-based mining engineering company that owned the controlling interest in the Sons of Gwalia Mine, taking on responsibility for a number of Australian operations and investments. Bewick Moreing & Co, which by 1904 was among the most important players in the Western Australian gold mining industry, would eventually manage 20 mines which accounted for almost 37% of the gold produced in WA and employed nearly 20% of the state's miners (source: jstor.org). Herbert Hoover was later elected the 31st president of the United States of America, serving from 4 March 1929 to 4 March 1933. They died on 20 October 1964. « Return to The Mine and Gwalia Settlement
On This Day
Friday 25th November 2005
13 years ago
Richard Burns, who won the World Rally Championship in 2001, died at the age of 34 after a long illness, on the fourth anniversary of their title win. Burns was championship runner-up in 1999 and 2000 before becoming the first Englishman to land the coveted world title 12 months later. They made their rallying breakthrough in 1990 when they won the national 205GTI challenge series, then lifted the Mintex National series title and became the British Championship's youngest winner in 1993 with Subaru. After a spell in the Asia Pacific Championship and the occasional world championship drive, they entered for their first full season in 1998, partnering world champion Tommi Makinen for Mitsubishi. Twelve months later they moved to Subaru and they made their first title challenge as wins in Greece, Australia and Britain helped them finish second in the final standings. In 2000 they looked on course to win the world title, having led the championship race for some time, but they were pipped to glory by Marcus Gronholm - even though they won the season-ending Rally of Great Britain. However they were not to be denied and in 2001 they became the first Englishman to take the championship.
The Toronto Argonauts are making contingency plans in case the Toronto Blue Jays reach the baseball post-season.
The Argos are scheduled to play four October home games at Rogers Centre and five of their final six regular-season contests there. That includes an Oct. 6 matchup versus the Ottawa Redblacks, which would be the same night of an American League wild-card game.
Heading into action Tuesday night, the Blue Jays held the first wild-card spot. If Toronto remained atop the standings, it would host the wild-card contest.
Toronto is also battling the New York Yankees for top spot in the American League East standings.
Argos president Chris Rudge said if the Blue Jays reached the World Series, CFL games scheduled for Oct. 17 (versus Calgary) and Oct. 23 (versus Montreal) would also be displaced.
Rudge said in the event of a schedule conflict, the Argos have reached out to a number of venues to host their affected home games. They include Tim Hortons Field in Hamilton, the University of Toronto, Queen's University in Kingston, Ont., York University in Toronto, the University of Guelph and the University of Western Ontario in London, Ont., as well as the possibility of both Calgary and Montreal hosting Toronto.
But Rudge said Tim Hortons Field, which has a seating capacity of 24,000, remains the most likely venue.
"That is probably from a logistics perspective the easiest of the moves," Rudge told TSN Radio 1050. "We have been talking to the Ticats at great length."
Rudge hopes the Argos will be in position Sept. 11 when they host Hamilton at Rogers Centre to announce their contingency plans.
"That's not cast in stone yet . . . but that's kind of a target right now," they said.
This is the Argos' last year playing at Rogers Centre. They will move to BMO Field for the start of next season.
Stephen Leon on board Aspen Dental's MouthMobile in Boston, Mass. last year. (Photo11: Gretchen Ertl/AP Images for Aspen Dental) Story Highlights Veterans interested must make an appointment by calling 1-844-ASPEN-HMM
Veterans will have access to free dental services June 25 thanks to the Healthy Mouth Movement.
Nearly 400 Aspen Dental locations will offer complete dental services to veterans at no charge.
Although the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs provides health care to veterans, full dental care coverage is limited. According to the VA's website, only veterans who have a service-related dental disability or condition, are former prisoners of war, or are rated by the VA as 100% disabled can receive any needed dental care. Also, fewer than 10 million veterans are VA-enrolled.
“I know how hard it is for [veterans] to receive dental care,” said Melissa Thompson, a dentist who works at four Aspen Dental offices just north of Boston, the movement has a special meaning to them Thompson is also a veteran, having served in the Massachusetts National Guard for seven years, during which they were still a dental student.
Staff members volunteer to work on this day each year.
Thompson said the locations participating in the Healthy Mouth Movement treated about 3,500 patients last year, and this year expects to see about 6,000 patients.
Dr. Melissa Thompson, a dentist who volunteers for Aspen Dental's Healthy Mouth Movement. (Photo11: Gretchen Ertl/AP Images for Aspen Dental)
The common dental issues Thompson sees among veterans who visit them are broken teeth or conditions that suffer from a lack of nutrition.
One of the veterans who Thompson treated is Stephen Leon, a Boston area resident who served in the military for 27 years. Leon received a Purple Heart and Bronze Star for their service in Afghanistan in 2011, where they stopped attackers from breaking into their camp's barracks.
Leon experienced pain and discomfort with smiling before they met Thompson. They received free scaling and root canal procedures at a time when they couldn't afford to buy mouthwash.
“I don't even know how to start to thank this woman,” Leon said.
Dr. Melissa Thompson with their patient Stephen Leon. (Photo11: Gretchen Ertl, AP Images for Aspen Dental)
The Healthy Mouth Movement is partnered with Got Your 6, a non-profit campaign that aims to correct perceptions of veterans and help veterans to become functioning leaders in their communities.
According to Bill Rausch, the executive director of Got Your 6 and an Iraqi War veteran, the campaign works to combat this perception by working with media to correct portrayals of veterans and by partnering with other organizations to empower veterans.
“There's nothing more empowering than seeing a veteran or meeting a veteran who can leave their house for the first time […] because of Aspen Dental,” Rausch said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/28WXp82
Fourte­en-year-old Hira Akbar, a childr­en's rights campai­gner, is among six studen­ts shortl­isted for the award
SWAT: Fourteen-year-old Hira Akbar has become the second student from Swat district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa after Malala Yousafzai to be nominated for the International Children's Peace Prize.
 They are among six students shortlisted out of 200 across the world for the award.
“I'll continue my struggle for the rights of my fellow students in Swat,” Hira told The Express Tribune at their home in Saidu Sharif, the main town in the picturesque district.
Malala awarded International Children's Peace Prize
“The [award] nomination has motivated me to strive for children's rights across the province,” they added.
Hira, the speaker of the Child Rights Committee's parliament, has been nominated for the award for their efforts for children's rights in Swat.
Malala, who was shot by Taliban militants after campaigning for girls' right to education, had won the prestigious International Children's Peace Prize in 2013.
The International Children's Peace Prize, an initiative of the Dutch based KidsRights Foundation, was launched in 2005 by former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, when they chaired the Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates in Rome.
Malala later became the youngest Nobel Prize laureate.
International Children's Peace Prize carries a cash value of 100,000 euros ($133,000) that is invested in projects relating to the winner's cause.
Read full story
This 1981 Mercedes-Benz 300CD is a two owner, all-original car with 63k miles from new. Described as entirely rust and accident-free with fully functional electrics and well-maintained, sorted mechanicals, the car was until recently with its original owner, the late CBS correspondent and White House press photographer Cal Marlin who died in 2010. One of the cleanest and most original 123 coupes we've seen in some time, the car is further set apart by its unusual and attractive silver over blue/zebrano wood combination.
Panels have never been hit and have clean factory-set gaps, while paint, rubber, plastics and brightwork all show very well. The car was garaged since new and driven as a summer car from Cal's home in VA to work at the White House. Cal worked alongside President's LBJ, Nixon, Carter, Ford, Reagan, Bush and Clinton, and routinely flew on Air Force One as documented in manifests. The car retains factory bundt-style wheels with no curb rash or lifting clear, and overall originality and condition are quite impressive. Cal retired to California and brought the car with them for occasional use.
Behind the pillarless side glass, the interior shows essentially as-new with very little evidence of use. Preserved under a carpet kit, the un-cracked dash houses fully functional gauges, switchgear and lights, and all four electric windows roll up and down smoothly and quickly, sealing tightly against supple, OEM rubber. Carpets, headliner and door cards are all nicely preserved as well, and the rear parcel shelf contains the original unused factory first aid kit. The car is equipped with all the trimmings offered at the time and has the additional benefit of full R134a A/C conversion that is said to work well. Below is a thorough walk-around video.
The car has been well-maintained with recent maintenance items including all new drive belts, engine and transmission oil pan gaskets, injector and differential service, and more. A valve adjustment was completed 3000 miles ago along with new fluids, filters, new Michelin tires, brake pads, rotors, and battery. It is now in excellent working order. The clean undercarriage and trunk are evidence of low mileage, and the car retains its original spare and factory tools. Included in the sale is the original manufacture plate, original keys, owners manual and maintenance manuals, a set of used rotors, and various service records.
A non-turbo OM617 diesel five-cylinder cars, the engine bay shows just as impressively as the rest of the car with very little accumulated road grime. Rocker cover, hoses, factory stickers, air cleaner housing, inner fenders and hood are all quite clean. The seller notes that the motor starts easily, idles smoothly, and produces smooth power, and hopes the new owner will enjoy it as a weekend cruiser.
“It has become a target, with that paint that happened,” Mr. Smith said.
Frederick, of course, is hardly alone in wrestling with the delicate balance between preserving history and showing racial sensitivity. Across the South, especially after the June 2015 massacre at a black church in Charleston, S.C., states, cities and even museums have grappled with Confederate symbols, like statues of generals or images of the rebel flag.
But Taney, the nation's fifth chief justice, was a jurist, not a general. And despite their tarnished legacy, they were a complex figure whose views on slavery seem ambiguous at best.
As a lawyer, they called slavery “a blot on our national character,” while defending an abolitionist minister. They owned nine slaves, but emancipated four and issued “manumission papers” — a legal promise of eventual freedom — to others, and had none by the time they joined the court, said Jennifer Winter, who manages the Taney house for the historical society.
“He never wrote in a journal saying, ‘I think this,'” Ms. Winter said. “So you're kind of left kind of with a trail of actions. Some are in favor, some are not so favorable.''
To Mr. Mahone, there is no ambiguity about it. “Taney said black lives do not matter,” they said, speaking from their small law office here, where a pencil sketch of another prominent Marylander, Frederick Douglass, hangs behind their desk. “Why would we opt to display a symbol of racial hatred on the lawn of City Hall?”
The dispute is one of several long-running Taney controversies in Maryland. But here in Frederick, a city whose lovingly preserved downtown is a source of pride, it is especially painful. Rural Frederick County was, as recently as the 1990s, home to the national leader of the Invisible Empire of the Ku Klux Klan.
Breaking: Homicide suspect shoots themselves at Sheriff's Office as they turn themselves in @abc13houston @13PhotogReed pic.twitter.com/HZ6f9aF6jJ — Marla Carter (@MarlaABC13) February 21, 2016
The woman opened their car door, stepping out into the pre-dawn darkness of the Harris County, Tex., Sheriff's Office substation parking lot. She'd been up all night, arguing with their teenage son about what they were about to do. And here they were, watching as a deputy walked over to them to ask whether they needed help.
The mother spoke first: My son just killed a man, they told the deputy. I'm here to turn them in.
The deputy went over to the boy, officials told KHOU, and asked whether this was true.
“Yes,” the boy replied.
Then they got out of the car and put a handgun to their head. The deputy pulled out their own weapon, ordering the young man to drop the gun.
Instead, the boy pulled the trigger, firing a single bullet into their skull as the deputy and their own mother watched in horror. They were taken to the hospital in critical condition and later died.
Reports have conflicted about whether the boy is 17 or 18 years old.
The nightmare in Katy, Tex., just outside Houston, had begun hours earlier, when the teenager — who has not been identified — allegedly got into an argument with another man about a girl they were both dating, Harris County Sheriff's Sgt. Cedrick Collier told the Associated Press.
Darian Mitchell, who is friends with the teenager, said the two were hanging out at their house when they got a call from their girlfriend.
“He was like, ‘What are y'all doing?' and they said, ‘I'm cheating on you right now.' They got so mad they kept yelling. They told them and their boyfriend to come meet us, to talk,” Mitchell told KHOU. “I don't know why they were tripping over this one girl, but it was not worth it.”
The woman and the other man, who friends identified as 25-year-old Army veteran James Ayala, drove up to Mitchell's house just after midnight. There was an argument, then the teenager pulled out a gun, fatally shooting Ayala, Mitchell said.
Two men were seen fleeing the scene of the shooting in a white car, officials told the Houston Chronicle.
When the teenager's mother found out what happened, they argued that they needed surrender to the police, according to the Chronicle. They drove them to the sheriff's substation about 5:30 a.m. Sunday.
Then the unthinkable happened.
Collier told the Associated Press that the mother spoke to authorities after their son shot himself.
“She's obviously destroyed because they just witnessed their son commit suicide in front of her,” they said.
The deputy who witnessed the shooting has been placed on administrative leave so they can “clear their head and make sure he's OK” before returning to work, Collier added. The deputy did not fire their weapon during the incident.
The killing is still under investigation, the Chronicle reported.
Aaron Summerour, a neighbor of the teenager who killed himself, told KHOU that the boy went to nearby Morton Ranch High School. They had once been “mixed up with the wrong crowd,” the TV station reported, saying they were starting to turn their life around, citing neighbors of the teenager.
“He sounded like they were doing good. They had a job, they were getting their car. They had everything together and now that I hear this, it's unreal, you know what I mean?” Summerour said.
Ayala, the 25-year-old victim, was a father of five and a “standout guy in the Army,” Jordan Downhour told the Houston Chronicle.
Downhour had been stationed with Ayala at Fort Stewart in Georgia. Ayala left the Army as a corporal E-4 a few years ago.
“He took me under their wing and picked me up in Brigade. They showed me all the ropes,” Downhour said. “… I wish they would've stayed in. I think this wouldn't have happened.”
Ayala's family members were reluctant to speak with KPRC, another local TV station — they were too distraught, reporter Bill Spencer said.
But one relative, recalling how Ayala had served in Iraq, said this: “It's so sad and crazy that they risked their lives all of that time defending our country, only to come back here and be murdered by some kid with a gun.”
More from Morning Mix
Everyone thought the 14-year-old Kalamazoo, Mich., shooting victim had died. Then they squeezed their mom's hand.
The Delhi High Court said that denying sex to the spouse for a long time amounted to mental cruelty.
Putting an end to a nine-year-old marriage, the Delhi High Court has reiterated that denying sex to the spouse for a long time, without sufficient reason, amounted to mental cruelty and is a ground for divorce.A division bench of Justice Pradeep Nandarajog and Justice Pratibha Rani granted divorce to a man, while taking into consideration their contention that the marriage could not be consummated and they had visited their office and made false complaints against them to their boss, due to which they had to leave the job."All these acts, individually as well cumulatively, amount to treating the husband with cruelty," the bench said while upholding the decision of a Family Court dissolving the marriage finding it to be a "sexless marriage".The family court on April 1 had dissolved the marriage on a plea by the husband. The woman had moved the high court against the decision but on Friday, it dismissed their appeal filed against the dissolution of marriage.Passing the order in favour of husband, the high court cited a Supreme court judgement saying not allowing a spouse to have sexual intercourse by their or their partner for long, without sufficient reason, amounted to mental cruelty to such spouse.The 46-year-old man stated before the court that they got married in November 2007 but their wife refused to indulge in sexual activities due to a medical problem. They went to Shimla for honeymoon in January next year and there also they did not allow the marriage to be consummated and threatened to raise alarm or jump from the balcony in case any attempt was made by the husband to touch her.After the failed honeymoon, they returned to Delhi and again they left for their parents' home and returned after about three months, they said, adding that their behaviour towards their mother was also insulting and humiliating.In their defence, the woman had said that their husband and in-laws used to harass them with dowry demand. They said that their husband used to drink heavily and inflict cruelty on their body, mind and soul. Them husband used to take heavy doses of drugs for depression from which they have been suffering for over 10 years. They also alleged them of hiding about their earlier marriage and a daughter from the first wife.
Tory cabinet minister Stephen Crabb blamed Britain's secular culture for causing young Muslims to become radicalized and join Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL).
Crabb, the Welsh Secretary, said “hard-edged” secularism played a role in fostering extremism as religion in public life is marginalized.
The devout Christian, who voted against gay marriage in Parliament, made their comments while giving the annual Wilberforce address for the Conservative Christian Fellowship.
Advocates of secularism have attacked the Tory minister for their comments as a “shameless attempt to advance Christian privilege.”
Crabb, who is considered by some to be an outside contender in the next Tory leadership race, said the marginalization of religion pushed young Muslims to become radicalized and join IS.
The current mood in the UK means “faith gets squeezed further into the margins of public life and religion becomes delegitimized through suspicion, fear or ridicule.”
“The answer to the seduction of [IS] is not a greater dose of secularism that delegitimizes their faith in the public space.
“I believe the marginalization of religion in our national life risks pushing more young Muslims into the arms of ISIL.”
ISIS feels ‘full force of RAF': 8 targets destroyed in second night of Syria airstrikes https://t.co/Ke9ijc0Lu5pic.twitter.com/fL367CYwkF — RT UK (@RTUKnews) December 5, 2015
Crabb said it is regrettable that young Muslims growing up in East London, Cardiff or Luton only see their faith mentioned in the British media in connection with death and violence.
“This is where hard-edged secularism ... actually serves to aid and abet the extremism we are all seeking to confront. Because if you push faith to the margins, then to the margins and into the shadows faith will be outworked.”
The Tory minister went on to say it was difficult for politicians to speak openly about their faith in the UK, and urged others to help “renormalize” religion in public life.
The Welsh Secretary's comments were attacked by secularist Benjamin Jones in a personal blog published by the National Secular Society (NSS).
‘Toxic brand': Britons say religion does more bad than good, atheists ‘more moral' http://t.co/CxVlfh1TvEpic.twitter.com/EMAuplNeGY — RT UK (@RTUKnews) November 7, 2014
In the blog, NSS communications officer Jones rubbished Crabb's “nonsensical claims” that religion in the UK is persecuted.
“In fact the UK is a secularized society but far from being a secular state. There has been a marked, sustained fall away from religion over the past century which is not reflected in our political structures.
“Crabb's lurid claim that secularism fuels extremism is false not least because state secularism does not exist in the United Kingdom. Religion retains traditional privileges and tremendous elite-level influence disproportionate to its following in wider society.”
Toward the end of “California Love,” Dr. Dre asks the question we're all thinking: “Sacramento, where are you at?” As of late, the inland town is on our radar for hip new shops, bars, and restaurants that fill the historic buildings of tree-lined Midtown.
One sassy men's site was thrilled to pronounce Sacramento "The New Oakland." Yet with warm weather, noteworthy grub, and the stately Capitol building looming in background, it might actually be "California's Austin."
STAY
The Greens
Skip the corporate downtown chains and stay at this renovated mid-century motel in the up-and-coming Del Paso neighborhood. In lieu of numbers, its 27 rooms display large orange and red letters reminiscent of childhood refrigerator magnets (we're not sure what room XXX entails). Tall, vine-covered walls and coded-entry gates give the succulent-filled grounds an air of seclusion. A small but pleasant pool area lends relief from the heat. In the morning, head next door to Southern-influenced Mama Kim Eats for a gut-busting Sunday brunch of smoked trout hash and crab benedicts over cheddar biscuits. // 1700 Del Paso Blvd., thegreenshotel.com
SHOP
Old Gold
One of the new shops in the Warehouse Artist Lofts, Old Gold stocks a fashionable collection of boho chic apparel and vintage rock shirts that will take you through all three days of Outside Lands. // 1104 R St. Suite 110, shopoldgold.com
Photo courtesy of Kicksville Vinyl & Vintage
Kicksville Vinyl & Vintage
This hip record shop stocks bins of obscure 1960s garage, punk, and independent albums alongside mid-century modern furniture and vintage collectibles. It shares space with MediumRare Records & Collectibles which specializes in classic music of the 1950s, '60s and '70s. // 1104 R St. Suite 140, kicksvilleshop.com
Photo by Tina Jett
Scout Living
Don't miss this stylish den that is staged with a curated collection of mid-century furniture, vintage glassware, home decor, and a few random treausures from a handful of vendors. // 1215 18th St., scoutliving.com
Photo by Stephanie Rudy
Preservation
This open-aired nook sheathed in reclaimed wood is a wonderland of pickles and preserves. Take home Sacramento-priced bottles of the shop's housemade sriracha, pickled beets, and the killer bloody mary mix that made them famous. // 1717 19th St. #B, preservationandco.com
DRINK
Temple Coffee
Sacramento's beloved third-wave java producer has three stylish locations around town. Arrive early at the S Street locale to claim a spot on the coveted, trellised front patio. // 2829 S St, templecoffee.com
Ruhstaller
A sign next to the buzzer at Ruhstaller's clandestine Downtown taproom instructs you to “ring for beer.” Once inside, a staircase descends into a cozy, masculine hideaway with pool table and tufted couches. But the real joy comes from visiting their hop farm in nearby Dixon. Haybales, wooden spool tables, rustic shelters and sunset campfires lend a magical setting. There's usually a food truck onsite and you can nab fresh-fruit popsicles from the adjacent Collins Farm stand. // 630 K St., ruhstallerbeer.com; 8949 Olmo Ln, Dixon, (530) 601-8240
Bottle & Barlow
“Get Loose, Stay Sharp” is the motto at this new bar-and-barbershop combo in the historic R Street warehouse district. Cocktails reflect Sacramento's warm climate and brighten up the modern, light-filled interior and lengthy outdoor patio. There's no food, but staff encourage you to bring in delicious handrolls and poke bowls from Fish Face next door. // 1120 R St., bottleandbarlow.com
Photo courtesy of Coin-Op Game Room
Coin-Op Game Room
Seek out this expansive, sub-street level space with more than 40 classic arcade games surrounding a central bar. Old-school favorites like Roadblasters, Simpsons, and AC/DC pinball sport handy cup holders for the huge selection of craft beers. Outside, a light-strung courtyard is set with picnic tables and oversized versions of Connect Four and Jenga. // 908 K St., coinopsac.com
Photo Courtesy of Shady Lady Saloon
Shady Lady Saloon
Hidden inside a historic masonry building, this unpretentious cocktail bar plays up the city's Gold Rush past with bordello chic interiors. Stretch out in big, comfy booths for classic cocktails and hearty, gastropub staples like a tasty fried chicken sandwich topped with vinegary slaw. // 1409 R St., shadyladybar.com
EAT
Devine Gelateria
Midtown's pleasant sidewalks are kept cool by mature shade trees. When it's time to cool down further, Devine is ready with a daily selection of rich, creamy gelato and icy sorbetto. // 1221 19th St., devinegelateria.com
Ginger Elizabeth Chocolates
Four words: Macaron ice cream sandwiches. The delectable summer menu is up at this petite sweets boutique staffed by attendants in white smocks. // 1801 L St., Suite 60, gingerelizabeth.com
Federalist Public House
A lively crowd assembles for pizzas and pints at this modern beer garden comprised of white shipping containers, a bocce court and rooftop garden. Architect/owner Marvin Maldonado literally built the eatery in their backyard and named it for the style of their house. The wood-fired pies are fantastic, but don't overlook the tri-tip sandwich made on the same, crisped pizza dough. // 2009 Matsui Alley, federalistpublichouse.com
Photo courtesy of Hook & Ladder Manufacturing Company
Hook & Ladder Manufacturing Company
Grab lunch or dinner at this contemporary tavern housed in a renovated historic structure. Pair dishes from the Cal-Med menu—pizzas, salads, sandwiches—with shrub cocktails in the handsome dining room or shaded garden patio. // 1630 S St., hookandladder916.com
Lazio coach Edy Reja is searching for players to improve their squad and the former Napoli coach is keen to get Partenopei defender Paolo Cannavaro.
The 68-year-old tactician has returned to the Biancocelesti bench after Bosnian-Swiss coach Vladimir Petkovic was sacked during the Serie A winter break and they want to improve the defence.
According to Il Mattino, two defenders could be leaving Napoli in the winter transfer window. Cannavaro is expected to be one of them and the other player is likely to be Colombian full-back Pablo Armero.
Bringing Cannavaro to Lazio would reunite Reja with their former captain during their time as Napoli coach but it is unclear where Armero will be heading yet.
Reja previously coached Lazio from February 2010 until May 2012 and in their first stint as Biancocelesti coach, the highest finish the Aquile had achieved was fourth place in 2011-2012, just missing out on qualification for the Champions League.
Follow Vito Doria on Twitter: @VitoCDoria
Tonight or tomorrow, the US House of Representatives will vote for the first time since 2012 on an amendment that would limit the DEA's ability to interfere in states with medical marijuana laws. While it's uncertain whether the amendment will achieve the majority vote (usually 218) it needs to pass, we can be nearly sure the vote will represent the largest total it has ever garnered since a similar amendment was first introduced in 2003.
Our side has fallen far short of this goal in the six times it's been offered over 11 years. In 2003, the amendment garnered only 152 votes. In 2012, that number had grown a mere 11 votes to 163.
So what has changed? Ever heard of the “Tipping Point,” made famous by Malcolm Gladwell's book of the same title? Since the last vote on this House amendment in May 2012, a lot has changed, and very rapidly. Essentially, we are near the peak of the marijuana tipping point. There is no better indicator for that than the upcoming vote. Given the right mix of circumstances, the amendment could actually pass.
Clearly, Colorado and Washington adopting marijuana legalization laws in November 2012 were galvanizing events. But there have been some unintended consequences for medical marijuana as a result of those moves. When Colorado's regulatory experiment in adult-use sales of marijuana premiered in January 2013, the media picked up on a story that had nothing to do with recreational use at all. Major news outlets started aggressively covering the many medical marijuana refugees who uprooted their families to move to Colorado due to availability of the only medicine that would work for them. Medicine that could get them arrested in their native states.
The therapeutic potential of marijuana for patients — some of whom were desperately ill children — became a topic of national debate. State legislative bodies around the country moved to act, and act fast.
Consider that as of this writing, Americans in 30 states live under medical marijuana laws. That number will likely increase to 33 within a matter of days as governors in three states are expected to sign new medical marijuana laws in Florida, Iowa, and Minnesota. That means the number of Americans who live in states with medical marijuana laws has doubled to 60% as compared with 29% in 2012 when the last vote occurred.
While a congressperson may not always be inclined to support their state's medical marijuana law, protecting constituents should be a powerful motivating factor, especially when some are young children living with debilitating epilepsy-related conditions that can be helped by the non-psychoactive Charlotte's Web cannabis oil. And for the first time, ultra-conservative states such as Alabama, Mississippi, and Utah will appear in the list of states protected by the medical marijuana amendment. This should cause Democrats and Republicans alike to think twice before taking a Reefer Madness approach and instinctively voting no.
Congressional leaders in both parties would be wise to think long and hard about the image they hope to portray to the nation. To be blunt: Medical marijuana is far more popular than Congress or the President and it enjoys broad support. Influential conservative stalwarts such as Grover Norquist have vocally encouraged Republican lawmakers to support states' abilities to decide their own marijuana policies. This gives cover to all GOP members, but it's particularly appealing to Tea Party-leaning members of Congress.
Perhaps the best indication that times have changed is a case study of one of the amendment's co-sponsors, Republican Congressman Paul Broun from Georgia. Congressman Broun was locked in a heated GOP primary battle for the U.S. Senate earlier this month when their son was arrested for marijuana possession. Instead of backing down from their convictions and backpedaling — a standard response in the past from politicians when they or their families were busted — Congressman Broun reiterated their support for medical marijuana to a newspaper within days of their son's bust. While they lost the crowded Senate primary to a formidable opponent, they will still be standing in support of the medical marijuana amendment today as a proud cosponsor.
Support for medical marijuana is growing far faster than many politicians realize. Today may finally mark the marijuana tipping point in Congress. It's about time. If you haven't added your voice and written your representative yet, this is your last chance.
HOUSTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is considering Democratic U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota for either the interior or energy secretary positions in their Cabinet, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday.
Senator Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND) speaks at a news conference with a bipartisan group of senators on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S., to unveil a compromise proposal on gun control measures, June 21, 2016. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Trump is also considering Joe Manchin, another conservative Democratic senator who represents the coal state of West Virginia, and Gary Cohn, president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs Group Inc, for energy secretary, U.S. media reported on Thursday.
Reuters previously reported that Trump planned to meet with Heitkamp on Friday, according to their transition team. Trump requested the meeting with Heitkamp, the source said.
In a statement, Heitkamp said they appreciated “the president-elect inviting me for a meeting,” adding they hoped to “work with the president-elect and all of my colleagues in Congress on both sides of the aisle to the best support my state.”
The statement did not address whether a Cabinet position was being discussed, but Heitkamp's spokesperson, Abbie McDonough, said the senator “has a long record of working with both Republicans and Democrats.”
Heitkamp, along with Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, negotiated a deal in Congress last December to lift the decades-old ban on crude oil exports in exchange for a multi-year extension of tax credits for wind and solar energy.
Heitkamp has been a supporter of domestic energy development, both in fossil fuels and renewable resources.
North Dakota is a major source of crude oil, coal and wind power.
Heitkamp is popular in their home state, though not all North Dakota state politicians voiced full support for the senator potentially joining the Trump administration.
“I don't see (Heitkamp) being in any Cabinet position,” Wayne Stenehjem, a Republican and North Dakota's attorney general, told Reuters.
They were elected to the Senate in 2012 in a close race, putting them up for re-election in two years. Should they join the Cabinet, their Senate seat would be filled by an appointment by North Dakota's Republican governor. Republicans expect to hold 52 seats in the 100-seat chamber when the new Congress meets in January.
‘SERIOUS ABOUT COAL'
Politico, citing unnamed sources, said Manchin was being considered for energy secretary. It quoted one of the sources as saying Manchin “is being considered to show the coal people how serious Trump is about coal.”
Politico said Manchin told the website that they and their staff had not been contacted by Trump's transition team, adding: “If I can do anything that would help my state of West Virginia, and my country, I would be happy to talk to anybody.”
Manchin's office did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.
Manchin is up for re-election in 2018 in West Virginia, an increasingly Republican state where coal jobs have been threatened by cheaper natural gas prices.
Their 2012 election campaign stressed their opposition to climate change legislation that would have brought federal incentives for the United States to transition to cleaner-burning energy sources and away from fossil fuels such as coal.
Reuters had reported on Wednesday that Goldman's Cohn was being considered to head the White House budget office or another post in the Trump administration.
Citing unnamed sources, Fox Business Network reported on Thursday that Trump was also considering nominating Cohn to head the Energy Department. Cohn met with Trump in New York on Tuesday.
Cohn, a former Goldman commodities trader who joined the firm in 1990, has been widely considered to be the heir apparent to Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein.
Another reported contender for the Energy and Interior positions, Oklahoma oil magnate Harold Hamm, said on Thursday they would recommend that Trump nominate Republican U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, one of the president-elect's energy advisers, for energy secretary.
“I've put their name forward,” Hamm said on CNBC's “Squawk on the Street” program. “He'd sort of do a better job in that post than me.”
NEW PHILADELPHIA, Ohio, March 24 (UPI) -- Police in Ohio said they are trying to identify the driver of a sport-utility vehicle photographed driving with a leashed cat riding on the hood.
Polly Vandall posted pictures to their Facebook page Monday morning of the leashed cat riding on the hood of the gold Buick SUV in New Philadelphia and the photos quickly went viral.
"I looked over and glanced to my left and thought 'Is that a cat on the hood?'" Vadall told WKYC-TV. "It was walking around and it was not happy to be on the hood. People around the car were staring at the cat -- quite distracted."
Police said they are working to identify the woman seen driving the SUV in the photos.
"I wish someone got a picture of the license plate," New Philadelphia Police Chief Michael Goodwin said. "We could follow up very quickly. It's a very bizarre case, unclear if it would violate any animal cruelty laws. It's the public safety of main concern to me. I've never seen anything like it in 25 years on the job."
Vandall said they are not sure if the photos depict animal cruelty.
"I'm not passing judgment on this woman. I captured a few seconds of their life. I have no idea what happened right before or right after this moment.," they said.
“There's really only one side to climate change science — that we're seeing the impact of climate change and that it's man made,” Catherine McKenna told VICE News late on Wednesday.
Kelly Craft gave a puzzling answer when asked about their position on climate change this week, saying they believe “both sides” — scientists who say humans are causing global warming and those who deny it.
The new U.S. Ambassador to Canada isn't off to a great start.
Read more
The new U.S. Ambassador to Canada isn't off to a great start.
Kelly Craft gave a puzzling answer when asked about their position on climate change this week, saying they believe “both sides” — scientists who say humans are causing global warming and those who deny it.
Canada's Environment Minister swiftly disputed the claim.
“There's really only one side to climate change science — that we're seeing the impact of climate change and that it's man made,” Catherine McKenna told VICE News late on Wednesday.
McKenna's comments follow a television interview with Kelly Craft, the new U.S. Ambassador.
When asked whether humans are causing climate change by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation this week, Craft said: “Both sides have their own results from their studies and I appreciate and respect both sides of the science.”
Craft, who represents U.S. President Donald Trump in Canada, officially started their job on Monday. They declined an interview request from VICE News. Hailing from Kentucky, Craft's husband is CEO of coal company Alliance Resource Partners.
Part of Craft's job will be defending the U.S. decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Change Accord while Canada sticks with the deal to fight against human-caused climate change.
Ratified by nearly 170 countries, the Paris agreement aims to keep global warming below two degrees Celsius compared to pre-industrial levels. The U.S. decision to leave the deal shouldn't impact its broader relationship with allies, Craft said this week.
“No two countries share a deeper, a broader relationship than Canada and the United States. We are bound together by history, our values, our economy, our families, our environment and our resolve to improve the lives of our citizens,” Craft said during a speech in Ottawa on Monday.
Craft said they “absolutely” believes the U.S. could fight climate change without being in the Paris agreement.
According to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA's) website, 97 percent of scientists say humans are causing climate change, while two percent reject that view.
When asked by the CBC how they navigate the two countries' different approaches to the Paris Climate Accord, Craft said: “We all have the same goal, and that is to better our environment and to maintain the environment. Therefore I feel our administration has been on top of this regardless of whether or not they would be pulling out.”
When asked if they believe in climate change, Craft said, “I believe there are sciences on both sides that are accurate.”
The vast majority of scientists, however, say humans are indeed causing the planet to get warmer. According to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA's) website, 97 percent of scientists say humans are causing climate change, while two percent reject that view.
In a paper published by the journal of Theoretical and Applied Climatology in November 2016, a group of researchers at Texas Tech University examined 38 papers that denied human-caused climate change and found them all to contain flawed methodology.
“A common denominator seems to be missing contextual information or ignoring information that does not fit the conclusions,” the review found.
In its latest assessment report, the U.N.-backed Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) states, “Human influence on the climate system is clear and growing, with impacts observed across all continents and oceans. Many of the observed changes since the 1950s are unprecedented over decades to millennia.”
Climate skeptics often point to the planet's changing climate throughout history as reason to doubt human-caused global warming.
“There's really only one side to climate change science — that we're seeing the impact of climate change and that it's man made,” Canada's Environment Minister said.
According to NASA, in the last 650,000 years there have been seven cycles of glacial advance and retreat, with the last ice age ending 7,000 years ago. Those changes were caused by tiny variations in the planet's orbit and shifts in the amount of energy earth received from the sun.
The current warming trend is likely caused by human activity because atmospheric carbon dioxide has dramatically increased since the mid-20th century, coinciding with rapid growth of extractive industries, according to NASA.
Carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases have been shown to trap heat. Ice cores taken from glaciers around the world have shown the earth's climate responds to changes in greenhouse gases.
“There is no question that increased levels of greenhouse gases must cause the Earth to warm in response,” NASA states on its website.
According to three separate analyses by NASA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the Japanese Meteorological Agency, 2017 is on pace to be one of the warmest years on record.
While out for a run in Ottawa on Sunday, Craft said they were “taken” with both the warmth of the people and the weather.
“I was told this is going to be the way it is for the next six weeks, so I'm anxious to get out,” the ambassador said.
Cover: U.S. Ambassador to Canada Kelly Craft (right) has questioned the science behind climate change to the chagrin of Canada's Environment Minister, Catherine McKenna (left) via Canadian Press
The Sino-Korean Friendship Bridge in Dandong, China, links North Korea to its closest neighbor. North Korea has been subject to sanctions but those who have been conducting business with Pyongyang have been hiding their wealth in offshore companies, according to the Panama Papers. File Photo by Stephen Shaver/UPI | License Photo
SEOUL, April 4 (UPI) -- Individuals and entities that have done business with North Korea, Iran and Syria are included in the Panama Papers, the leaked files of 11 million documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca.
The entities involved in dealings with embargoed countries were not all listed by name, but the report from the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists indicated at least 33 people and companies the United States blacklisted were engaged in commerce with North Korea, Iran, as well as Mexican drug lords and organizations like Hezbollah.
Those companies had been using the Panamanian law firm to hide their wealth, the BBC reported.
Secret offshore companies were also established, the documents reveal, to hide the enormous reserves of cash suspected to be linked to associates close to former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, Muammar Gaddafi of Libya, and current Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
RELATED North Korea calls for negotiations with the United States
Similar corporate structures were created to conceal the wealth of organizations that have previously been accused of dealing in illegal business with Pyongyang.
North Korean state enterprises like Korea Mining Development Trading Corp. has been active despite sanctions, and could have engaged in exporting equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons.
KOMID resumed activities even after the passage of U.N. sanctions Resolution 2270.
North Korea has been the target of increased sanctions at the United Nations Security Council and in mid-March U.S. President Barack Obama levied more sanctions against North Korea in response to Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile tests.
The sanctions are focused on restricting the activities of North Koreans in the mining, energy and other industries.
Tue 03 November 2015 by Christoph Witzany
1. Giants Sell You Out
You might think you have nothing to hide. But this is not true. In the U.S., you are probably committing at least a felony a day and protesting against a nuclear power plant will get you labeled as a terrorist, even if you are an 82-year-old nun.
In Austria, protesting against the sale of fur in a clothing store can land you in jail for several months.
But even if you did nothing wrong, you can end up the target of a federal investigation like this lawyer from Portland or on the no fly list.
In all these cases, the companies that you entrusted with your data must and will turn all information they have on you over to the government. And it is hard to condemn them. The law compels them to cooperate with law enforcement and even where it doesn't, non-compliant executives face retaliation nevertheless.
The data requested by the various agencies are not always used to look for terrorists. Sometimes the people there just want to
stalk their ex-partners or love interests.
Lesson to learn: Whatever you store on a giant's server can and will be used against you.
2. Giants Spy On You
We already established that the giants help the government to spy on you. But they themselves wouldn't, right? It's their pitch that your data is safe with them, right? Dropbox even claimed that files you upload are inaccessible without your account password. That turned out to be not entirely true.
But who cares that they can look at your data? Why would they snoop, right? They will not in most cases.
Unless someone sent you information about a leaked Windows 8 image to your Hotmail account, that is. Then they will read your mail, your instant messages and whatever else in your account that interests them.
Lesson to learn: The giants will spy on you if it serves them.
3. Giants Die
You probably assume that Gmail or Dropbox will be there forever; so did the people using MySpace. But would you bet on the fact that it will be here 5 years from now? The former users of Springpad, Catch, Google Reader, Ubuntu One, Lavabit and Posterous might bet against you.
All these services started with grand goals and became integral to the workflow of many users, yet they all had their Keyser Söze Moment when they were shut down for different reasons.
For a company that gives you something for "free," you are always just a cost center. If they cannot profit from you, or even if they cannot profit enough, your data that you deem safe and sound in their vault lives on borrowed time. Sooner or later you will be shown the door unceremoniously, and only if you are lucky will they let you collect your belongings through a convenient export tool.
Of course, you are a little bit safer if you use a paid service. But examples like Everpix show that there is no guarantee when you pay for a service. Even thousands of paying users could not save the site. And the latest blog post by app.net, despite professing a guarantee to keep the site up "indefinitely," did not convey the jubilant optimism of a thriving project.
Lesson to learn: Only if you have full control over where and how your data is stored will you be able to rest assured that you won't find yourself scrambling to find a new home for your data.
4. Giants Err
While giants are usually swift to throw their immeasurable resources at problems and can usually fix them fast, this is offset by the sheer number of affected users.
And sometimes the solution to a problem is not as effective as the giant would wish or proves to be genuinely unfixable because data has been irreversibly lost. Only 0.2% of users were affected in the Gmail incident. These 0.2%, however, amounted to 150,000 users who had their emails wiped.
Lesson to learn: If giants err, it affects a lot of people, even if for the giant it isn't more than a rounding error.
5. Giants Don't Care
Most people will never have their Google account suspended. Most people also never have their house burglarized. So when Google shuts you out and you have no way to reach a human to reverse the decision, you will probably feel like little Calvin's parents, betrayed and a little hysterical.
Clearly, you should have carefully read the code of conduct for Microsoft's Live account before you uploaded partial human nudity to your SkyDrive account after your beach vacation. Now you got yourself locked out of your emails, pictures, music and your online gaming account because an algorithm thought you were sharing porn. You almost wish it were a human sifting through all your pictures at this point.
Sometimes, however, you will never learn why your account was suspended, like the poor fellow who fell into Yahoo's Kafkaesque rabbit hole and only gained back access to their email account one month and a complaint to the Better Business Bureau later.
Lesson to learn: Don't expect help by humans if a giant's algorithm locks you out of your account.
Conclusion
If this convinced you to take control over your data, in the next post we will present you with some great projects that make it easy for you to be the captain of your data!
Photo
Cornel West, the influential scholar and civil rights activist, has endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for president, bolstering a candidate who has drawn huge crowds but also skepticism from black voters.
Mr. West, a professor at Union Theological Seminary, explained in a series of Twitter messages on Monday night that Mr. Sanders, an independent from Vermont who is seeking the Democratic nomination, has been an ally in the fight for justice over the years and that their voice needs to be heard.
I endorse Brother @BernieSanders because they are a long-distance runner with integrity in the struggle for justice for over 50 years. — Cornel West (@CornelWest) August 25, 2015
The endorsement is a valuable one for Mr. Sanders, who has been gaining ground on Hillary Rodham Clinton in recent polls but who has faced protests from Black Lives Matter activists who have said they are not sufficiently supportive of their cause. This month, a group of activists cuts short one of the Sanders rallies when they took the stage and commandeered their microphone.
Mr. West, who has been critical of President Obama's efforts to uplift African-American causes, explained recently that Mr. Sanders would best serve black people because of their desire to clamp down on Wall Street and to invest in working people and poor people.
Despite their support for Mr. Sanders, who considers themselves a socialist, Mr. West said that they were not affirming the “neo-liberal Democratic Party.” They also weighed in on Donald J. Trump's candidacy, saying that while the billionaire developer possesses authenticity, they lack integrity.
Have you ever stood in front of historic ruins—the Parthenon, say, or one of Britain's many ancient castles—and closed your eyes, imagining what the scene before you would have looked like centuries ago?
Thanks to virtual reality, seeing ruins as they looked in their heyday is becoming possible. It may even be a game changer for the ways we visit ancient cities like Jerusalem or Paris.
When I catch up with Australian archaeologist Simon Young, he's in Rome.
“It's low season at the moment in Italy, but there are still hundreds and thousands of people wandering in the streets and looking at ruins,” they say.
Young would like to show those people what Rome looked like nearly 2,000 years ago by fitting them with virtual reality headsets. Their company, Lithodomos VR, creates immersive virtual recreations of iconic ruins. The recreations can be used on site with a smartphone headset, or from home or school using a commercial VR system like Oculus Rift.
“It's 360-degree 3D virtual reality,” Young says. “It really helps you to place yourself back in time.”
Today, Rome's Temple of Venus and Rome lies split in half, most of its columns gone, ravaged by centuries of fire, earthquakes and pillaging. But put on a virtual reality headset with Lithodomos' app, and suddenly it's a June afternoon in the 1st century AD. The temple before you is whole again, its vanished columns standing tall, its façade all shining white marble, the intricate relief sculptures of its pediment cast in shadow by the summer sun.
The app maps your physical location onto the temple, allowing you to look around from various angles. It might be raining outside, or nighttime. But in the VR world, the sky is a hazy blue, the perimeter of the temple lined with trees.
In addition to the Temple of Venus and Rome, Lithodomos has a recreation of the Arènes de Lutèce, a Roman amphitheater and stage from the beginning of the 2nd century AD, now just fragments tucked away behind apartment buildings in Paris's Latin Quarter. It's also recreated the Odeon of Agrippa, a concert hall in the center of the Athenian agora, and parts of ancient Jerusalem. The scenes are available on two Lithodomos apps released in December and January. Young plans to work on scenes from Delphi, Spain and the UK in the near future.
Young sees their software being used by tour groups who would provide their guests with headsets, or by individuals using cheap, portable viewers like Google Cardboard. They also hope to partner with museums and universities to create other historical VR experiences, such as allowing museum-goers to view artifacts up close and in 360 degrees.
Lithodomos is not the only company working on historical VR. Singapore-based Hiverlab has ambitions to digitize heritage sites across the world. So far they've created a VR tour of a medieval Armenian church in Cypress, which lets users wander the structure as it is today, as well see what it might have looked like centuries ago. The free Timelooper app lets viewers experience various historical moments—George Washington's second inaugural address, the construction of the Empire State Building, the Great Fire of London.
In the past several months, Young says, several tour operators in Rome have begun offering VR-enhanced tours. The day before, he'd been to the Domus Aurea, the “Golden House” built by Nero in the 1st century AD. The site's superintendent had installed an Oculus Rift experience, and visitors were busy checking it out.
“One woman swore, they were so amazed by the experience,” Young says.
But as an archeologist, Young worries that some companies offering ancient world VR experiences aren't serious enough about accuracy.
“Some game developer in Silicon Valley who has no idea thinks, ‘oh, a column would look great there,'” they say. “The real danger is that, because VR is such a powerful medium, if someone visits the Colosseum, they walk away with the idea that this is what it was like.”
By huge margins, California voters favor the United States offering “shelter and support” to thousands of unaccompanied Central American children entering the country illegally, rather than promptly deporting them, according to a Field Poll released Wednesday.
The survey also found that voters in the Golden State would — also by wide margins — approve of President Barack Obama using their executive powers to set a national policy toward dealing with the children if Congress fails to act.
“I feel relieved, grateful to be in a state that recognizes the rights of children regardless of where they are from,” said Sebastian Zavala, chief program officer for Catholic Charities of the East Bay. “This poll is a good indicator that people are looking out for one another, looking to reach others in need, as members of the human family.”
The Federation for American Immigration Reform, however, mocked the poll as a classic “forced choice” by pitting a “dire option” against a “soft, cuddly” one — temporary help for the children versus instant deportation.
“The immigration issue is often posited between one of two spectra — either kicking in doors in the middle of the night and massive roundups, separating women from children, or amnesty,” said Bob Dane of FAIR, which is trying to bring down levels of both legal and illegal immigration.
In August, Gov. Jerry Brown and top Democrats in the Legislature agreed to spend $3 million to help unaccompanied minors by providing legal assistance.
California has seen the arrival of more than 4,000 children, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. The youngsters are among 63,000 young migrants who have crossed the U.S.-Mexico border since last October. They say they are trying to escape poverty, drug cartels, political upheaval and high crime rates.
Over the summer, Obama announced that if Congress continued to do nothing on the issue they would use their executive powers to help the children. But over the weekend it became clear that the president still isn't ready to take executive action on the status of either the unaccompanied minors or 11 million other illegal immigrants.
The Field Poll surveyed 1,280 registered California voters in six languages from Aug. 14 to Aug. 28. The poll's margin of error is plus or minus 3.2 percentage points.
The survey found that 58 percent of California voters say the U.S. should offer assistance to the thousands of children “while it determines their long-term status.” Thirty-three percent want the children to be deported immediately. Another 9 percent have no opinion.
As is usually the case on immigration issues, the responses broke down along party lines.
Asked what the U.S. policy should be toward the children, 72 percent of Democrats supported “shelter and support” while their long-term status was worked out. Fifty-four percent of Republicans wanted the children immediately deported. Sixty-percent of voters without a party preference supported helping the children.
On the question of whether Obama should use their executive powers to formalize policies for dealing with the unaccompanied children, 74 percent of Democrats supported the use of executive power, while 65 percent of Republicans opposed it. Fifty-four percent of voters who expressed no party preference favored Obama taking the executive action.
Sixty-six percent of Latinos and 64 percent of African-Americans were in favor of such action. But only a slight majority (51 percent) of whites and 44 percent of Asian-Americans were in favor of it.
The poll also asked voters whether the U.S. should renew the Obama administration's policy of no longer deporting immigrants whose parents brought them here illegally when they were children. Those immigrants often refer to themselves as “Dreamers” — a name that comes from the proposed-but-never-enacted U.S. Dream Act, designed to allow the young immigrants to stay in this country.
The number of Californians in favor (59 percent) of renewing the Obama administration's 2012 policy is more than double (29 percent) of those against renewing it.
Democrats (78 percent) support helping the Dreamers, while Republicans (53 percent) oppose the idea.
“The Dreamers should be stopped immediately,” said Michael Hieb, of Livermore. “Their (parents) are lawbreakers. I have to follow the rules. They should have to follow them too. Sorry, but the children have to pay for the sins of their fathers.”
Dane of FAIR agreed: “If Americans feel they have the moral obligation to fund this generation of illegal immigrants, won't we have the same obligation for the future ones that come? And they will come.”
On the question of whether the president should use their executive powers to stop the deportation of most illegal immigrants, 46 percent favored the move, while 36 percent opposed it.
Sixty percent of Democrats supported that broad use of presidential powers, while 65 percent of Republicans opposed it.
“I recently saw a T-shirt that perfectly sums up my feeling on all of this going on between the Republicans and the Democrats,” said Joy Rabin, of Sunnyvale. “It read, ‘We the people … are pissed.' We need a policy on this issue, but until something is actually done, I'm like most Americans — kind of pissed at everybody.”
Contact David E. Early at 408-920-5836.
(Screenshot: FNC)
House Representative Louie Gohmert (R-Texas), an Army veteran and former chief justice of the 12th Court of Appeals, said "some of the Republican leaders" in Congress are allies with obstructionist Democrats who do not want the U.S.-Mexico border wall funded, and they are trying to stop President Donald Trump because they fear if they get the economy growing "like Reagan did," they will be "unstoppable."
Congressman Gohmert made their remarks during an Aug. 23 interview on the Laura Ingraham Show, which was also reported at Ingraham's Lifezette. During the interview, Ingraham and Gohmert discussed the $1.6 billion the House already approved as the first step in building the border wall and Gohmert noted the resistance in the Senate.
Referencing Trump's Aug. 22 speech in Phoeniz, Ariz., Gohmert said, "I had a problem with one thing in the Trump speech, and that was when they said, 'Now, the obstructionist Democrats would like us not to do it,' build that wall.' And I'm going, 'What about some of the Republican leaders that are right there with the obstructionist Democrats?' [Trump] was being so nice, I thought, last night."
Gohmert added that the Republicans in Congress have "problems," and said, "I'm so fed up with this."
"I think that some of us may just have to say, 'We're going to vote against every rule until you agree to have money in there to build the wall,'" said Gohmert, in reference to the GOP obstruction. "And, of course, that kind of position gets the Republican leadership upset. But I'm sick of this."
"This is ridiculous," they said. "The wall was one of the things that got President Trump elected, and I'm very grateful that they haven't walked away from that."
The Texas member of congress went on to talk about how some Republicans in Congress do not want President Trump to succeed.
"There are people in our party that want to stop [Trump]," they said. "But I think there may be some concern by Establishment Republicans — 'Oh my gosh, if they get the economy going like Reagan did … then he'll be unstoppable.'"
Then-presidential candidate Donald Trump holding a sign depicting a possible border wall. (Screenshot: PBS)
Trump has threatened to not sign off on federal funding at the end of September if the border wall money is not allocated, which could lead to a government shut down.
Rep. Gohmert said, "I think that some of these guys — in the Senate Republicans, I mean — may welcome the president taking that position, thinking, 'Aha! If the president is admittedly causing the shutdown, then we can join the Democrats and blame the president, and then McConnell's prediction [Trump] won't be around that much longer will come true.'"
"These guys have no idea — the country is not going to turn on Trump," said Gohmert. "They're going to turn on the people in the Senate that are not doing their jobs."
"And if our leadership in the House turns on the president on the very issues that kept the majority and got Trump elected," they said, "I think they're going to be the ones that are in trouble."
IAEA inspectors gained rare access to plant where centrifuges for enriching uranium are developed as part of transparency deal, reports say
UN inspectors have gained rare access to an Iranian nuclear facility, giving them a "better understanding" of Tehran's disputed programme, it has been reported.
They observed a plant where centrifuges for enriching uranium were developed as part of a transparency deal but acknowledged that Iran remains resistant to an International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) investigation.
According to a confidential IAEA report obtained by Reuters, inspectors visited a research and development centre for centrifuges on 30 August. It gave neither details nor the location of the site. But such access could be crucial to helping the agency determine how far along Iran might be in developing more modern models of the machines.
Iran's efforts to replace the breakdown-prone, 1970s vintage IR-1 centrifuge it is now operating at its Natanz and Fordow enrichment plants are closely watched by the west since success could lead to more efficient equipment enabling the country to amass material that could be used for atomic bombs more quickly.
Iran says it is refining uranium to fuel a planned network of nuclear power plants. If enriched to a high concentration of the fissile U-235 isotope, uranium can also be turned into the explosive core of an atomic bomb.
"It is of importance to see the R&D to understand the full scope and status of the programme," former IAEA chief inspector Olli Heinonen, now at Harvard University's Belfer Centre for Science and International Affairs, told Reuters.
Apart from an R&D centrifuge plant at Natanz to which the IAEA already has regular access, Iran has a facility called Kalaye Electric in Tehran that the UN agency has seldom visited. Heinonen said R&D work was also done at other locations.
It is not clear when the IAEA was last able to examine an R&D site but such visits are believed to be rare. One was made in 2011 and another in 2008, though it is not known whether they were to Kalaye or some other location.
Iran denies allegations its enrichment programme is part of a covert bid to develop the capability to make nuclear weapons, but western states have imposed economic sanctions to make it scale back its atomic activities.
Friday's IAEA report, which has not yet been made public, said Iran missed a deadline on 25 August to address suspicions about activities in the past that could be relevant to any attempt to assemble nuclear bombs.
It said Iran had implemented just three of five nuclear transparency steps that it had agreed to carry out by last month's target date.
The two measures it had failed to implement concerned providing information about alleged research that is part of the IAEA's long-running investigation into what it calls the "possible military dimensions" of Iran's nuclear programme.
I have been away for a couple of months and have spent a lot of that time touring. I was recently lucky enough to lead EF's AP English Literature trip, a really great tour which not only offers the possibility to visit Liverpool and Chester, but also includes Rydal Mount in the Lake District, Haworth (Brontë country), and the fabulous cities of York and Bath as well as Stratford-upon-Avon – and all that happens before you descend on the capital. During our time in London, we had an included night of theatre at the Globe. For some time now, when questioned by somebody from the United States about the logic of an English expression, or indeed the veracity of it, I have been able to give a simple retort: “this island belongs to me because Sycorax, my mother, left it to me.” Not a helpful answer, I admit, and one prone to create even more blank looks, but I mention it because I finally got to take a group to see the play from which that quote originates. I will leave it to you to work it out what Shakespeare plays that is.
Shakespeare's' Globe is a marvelous and faithful reconstruction on the South Bank, the result of the vision and determination of film director Sam Wanamaker, who visited London in the 1960s and was genuinely surprised to discover that there was no fitting memorial to Shakespeare anywhere in London. Based upon the original 16th century building, it is a fabulous place to watch a production during the summer season. You can choose to be a groundling and stand in the pit under open skies, or you can opt for the relative luxury of a seat – there's not a bad view to be had. In the original theatre, visitors would put coins in a box, the amount depending on where in the theatre they chose to watch the performance. These boxes would then be collected, taken to an office, and the money counted. Now, think about where you go to get your ticket for a show today.
Modern day productions remain faithful to the original atmosphere. The cast will often emerge from amongst the groundlings, actors use the full reach of the stage, chatter amongst the audience is not shushed (indeed, Shakespeare might well be astonished to see how quiet a theatre audience is today) and sometimes the only change in four hundred years seems to be the regular low drone of another plane making its way to or from Heathrow airport. It's a tremendous space to enjoy some superb entertainment, and the rest of the city seems to melt away in the atmosphere created. While watching Shakespeare generally requires effort and isn't always rewarding, an evening at the Globe, with tickets available from as little as $10 (if you're lucky and quick), is a pretty good place to try it out. If you are not fortunate enough to be in London during the season, then a visit to the Globe exhibition and a tour of the theatre is definitely recommended.
NEW YORK – Behind the mainstream Wall Street happy talk about more stable financial markets and an improving economy are grim warnings of tough times ahead from a small cadre of doomsayers who warn that the worst of the financial crisis is still to come.
Harry Dent, author of the new book The Great Crash Ahead, says another stock market crash is coming due to a bad ending to the global debt bubble. They have pulled back on their earlier prediction of a crash in 2012, as central banks around the world have been flooding markets with money, giving stocks an artificial short-term boost. But a crash is coming in 2013 or 2014, they warn. "This will be a repeat of 2008-09, only bigger, when it finally hits," Dent told USA TODAY.
Gerald Celente, a trend forecaster at the Trends Research Institute, says Americans should brace themselves for an "economic 9/11" due to policymakers' inability to solve the world's financial and economic woes. The coming meltdown, they predict, will lead to growing social unrest and anti-government sentiment, a U.S. dollar with far less purchasing power and more people out of work.
Celente won't rule out another financial panic that could spark enough fear to cause a run on the nation's banks by depositors. That risk could cause the government to invoke "economic martial law" and call a "bank holiday" and close banks as it did during the Great Depression.
"We see some kind of threat of that magnitude," Celente, publisher of The Trends Journal newsletter, warned in an interview.
Robert Prechter, author of Conquer the Crash, first published in 2002 and updated in 2009, is still bearish. They say today's economy has similarities to the Great Depression and warns that 1930s-style deflation is still poised to cause financial havoc. Prechter predicts that the major U.S. stock indexes, such as the Dow Jones industrials and Standard & Poor's 500, will plunge below their bear market lows hit in March 2009 during the last financial crisis. The brief recovery will fail as it did in the 1930s, they say.
2 very different viewpoints
If he's right, stocks would lose more than half of their value. "The economic recovery has been weak, so the next downturn should generate bad news in a big way," Prechter said in an e-mail interview. "For the third time in a dozen years, the stock market is in a very bearish position."
These dire forecasts differ sharply with the brighter outlooks being espoused by the bulls, or optimists, on Wall Street. Recent stock performance and fresh readings on the economy also suggest a future that is less gloomy than the doomsayers predict.
The Dow, for instance, is in rebound mode and has climbed back to levels not seen since the early days of the financial crisis in May 2008. Tech stocks in the Nasdaq composite are trading at levels last seen in 2000. Data on auto sales, manufacturing and consumer confidence have been firming. Job creation is also on the rise. The unemployment rate dipped to 8.3% in January, its lowest level in three years.
As a result, stock market strategists such as Rod Smyth of RiverFront Investment have been raising their outlooks for 2012. Smyth raised their target range for the S&P 500 to 1250-1500. If the market hits the top of the range, stocks would have risen 10%. Similarly, Brian Belski, strategist at Oppenheimer, recently said they remain comfortable with their year-end 2012 target of 1400. That's up 2.5% from here. Bespoke Investment Group published research that shows the market, which is closing in on a new bull market high, has done well in the past once it breaks through old highs.
Name: Harry Dent, Author of 'The Great Crash Ahead'
Bulls are betting that Europe's banking system will be stabilized, minimizing the risk of a severe credit crisis. Bulls are also encouraged by recent data from around the world that show modest growth and a pickup in economic momentum.
The causes of economic calamity
So what has the super-bears so worried?
Dent says the combination of aging Baby Boomers exiting their big spending years and a shift toward debt reduction and austerity around the world will cause the economy to suffer another severe leg down, making it more difficult for the government and Federal Reserve to avert a new meltdown. They have not always been bearish. In 1993 they wrote The Great Boom Ahead.
Name: Robert Prechter, author of 'Conquer the Crash'
Celente, who as far back as 2008 has been warning of economic calamity, argues that the ballooning debt and the growing divide between the haves and have-nots has put the U.S. in a weakened state.
As a result, they say, the nation is more vulnerable to potential shocks. They worry about potential chaos caused by people all trying to yank their money out of financial markets at the same time. They also see risk in the event there is a loss of confidence in elected leaders.
Societal unrest in the form of street protests and increased crime are possible, too, they add. Markets could also be spooked by an oil price shock due to a military conflict between Israel and Iran, or a bad outcome to Europe's debt crisis.
Name: Gerald Celente, trend forecaster at The Trends Research Institute
"2012 is when many of the long-simmering socioeconomic and political trends that we have been forecasting and tracking will climax," Celente noted in their Top 12 Trends 2012 newsletter. In an interview they added: "When money stops flowing to the man on the street, blood starts flowing in the street."
While bulls are urging investors to get back into stocks, the doomsayers are advising a far different strategy. Dent's investment advice is simple: "Get out of the way." They recommend buying short-term U.S. Treasury bills and the U.S. dollar, which will benefit from safe-haven cash flows. They say stocks will fall sharply in value.
Celente's advice centers on survival. They say buy gold so you don't lose purchasing power when the value of the dollar plummets. They say buy a gun to protect your family against desperate people in search of food and money. They say plan a getaway to places with more stable finances and governments.
Prechter says to keep your powder dry and buy when things get really bad: "When things get really scary, as in early 2009, I get bullish."
Four of the five aircraft are more than 20 years old, a rarity for most billionaires. The exception is a 19-year-old Cessna 750 Citation X — the only one of the five without the Trump name painted on it in large letters. The smaller plane was grounded last week after The New York Times reported that its registration had expired in January. It is now cleared to fly again, according to the F.A.A.
Most people who own aircraft do not have more than one or two. Even those who can afford to own planes often lease or charter them instead, offering a layer of ease and anonymity. But anonymity is not Mr. Trump's style. The Boeing, built in 1991 to seat roughly 200 people, is Mr. Trump's favorite flying toy, they said in an interview on Saturday. The jet, which once did duty with a commercial airline in Mexico in the 1990s, has been famously renovated. It has a bedroom; the fixtures are brushed with 24-karat gold; and the toilet seats were reupholstered with Edelman leather, which also graces the Eames chairs in Ivanka Trump's den.
“It's like a new plane,” Mr. Trump said in a documentary that showed off some of the renovations. “The plane is very much an extension of the Trump brand.”
While the 757 might seem like an odd choice for a man who puts their net worth at $11 billion, and, records show, does not use the plane much to travel abroad, Mr. Trump has cited it and their other planes as proof of how they get good value for their money. In the 1980s, for example, they paid $8 million to buy a 1968 Boeing 727 from a financially troubled Texas company, Diamond Shamrock, according to their book “The Art of the Deal.” Mr. Trump said a smaller Gulfstream jet would have cost more than twice as much.
“It was a little more plane than I needed,” they wrote, “but I find it hard to resist a good deal when the opportunity presents itself.”
For those of you who aren't reading our ASM Blog, I participated in a panel at the SSI Conference last week in San Jose. Dallas Bienhoff presented the paper we are working on coauthoring, Gary Hudson talked about earth-to-orbit transportation, and Joe Carroll talked about several other interesting technologies including: mid-air capture (which I've talked about before here and here), combining debris mitigation with harvesting aluminum from spent satellites, rotating tethers, and reduced gravity research hubs). I didn't get to contribute much myself–mostly just sat in on the short panel discussion, and got in a response to one question. However the panel and conference were a lot of fun, and I look forward to helping Dallas finish that paper.
All that aside, this post is related to Joe Carroll's last topic–reduced gravity research facilities. Their talk reminded me that I needed to dig-up and finish this blog post I had started back in May about the importance of such reduced gravity research facilities, and a clever approach I had seen to providing them.
Reduced Gravity Effects on the Human Body
I first made this point almost five years ago, but it bears repeating: while we have a lot of data on human health at 1g and at 0g, we have almost no data in the middle. I say almost, because we did have a dozen people live on the moon for at least 24 hours each…but that's pretty much the only data we have on reduced gravity health effects, which is far too little to draw any really useful conclusions.
Most readers of this blog know that the data from microgravity impacts on the human body don't look too promising–even with lots of exercise, there are apparently biophysical mechanisms that can have large negative health impacts (osteoporosis, neurological and pulmonary issues, etc) that begin to show themselves very quickly. However, as I pointed out in that earlier post, we have no idea which of the curves below really represents human health impacts of reduced gravity:
Does just a little bit of gravity go a long way (my personal guess I explain in the other post)? Or do you need almost full earth gravity? Or is there actually some gravity level less than 1g that's actually better than earth gravity? While natural selection for humans has obviously been focused on a 1g environment, that doesn't mean that humans are so hyperoptimized to 1g that nothing else will do. It's unfortunately possible, but right now we don't know. Without getting some “center points”, any guess at the shape of the response curve is just that–a guess.
Why This Matters
The reason why this knowledge void matters is that it greatly impacts the future expanse of humanity into space, as well as near-term human exploration. For instance, we don't know if someone who goes to live on the Moon or Mars can ever really come back to earth, or if they have kids, if their kids can return.
If however it turns out that lunar gravity is already enough to counteract the worst of the effects of microgravity, it might be that the best way to do initial lunar human exploration is something like a One-Way To Stay (for a while) approach. If you knew that you could send someone for long durations while still being able to bring them back later if needed, it would open up some big possibilities. The return portion of a human lunar mission is one of the big performance drivers that make human missions so much more expensive than robotic ones. Even if you couldn't close the life-support loop, just not having to return the initial explorers right away could allow you really enhance robotic exploration of the Moon by having people there on the spot to help troubleshoot, fix, upgrade, iterate, etc on your robotic systems. I know a lot of people think we can just send robots and have them make a turn-key base. It's possible, but I expect you're going to break a lot of robots along the way, and you could avoid that by having people in the loop. But It's ethically hard to do a mission like that before you have some data on what long-duration exposure to 1/6g is going to do to your explorers.
Returning to the Joe's talk, they suggested looking at .06g as well as lunar and martian gravity, as a possible minimal gravity level that people could intuitively adapt to without lots of training. If travelers can get by without large negative health hazards by .06g worth of gravity, that would really simplify the concept of providing artificial gravity for long-duration deep-space trips (like to Mars or NEOs). If there's a “knee in the curve” above which you can avoid the worst of microgravity effects, that can make it a lot easier to provide artificial gravity for trips like that. If you have to provide a full 1g, and can't go with high RPMs (which Joe suggested that the terrestrial centrifuge data might be suspect due to the presence of a 1g downward gravity vector), that implies very large structures, which become a much bigger engineering challenge.
xGRF
The question becomes, what's the best way to get this data? Most of these effects take timescales on the order of hours, days, or weeks to express themselves. And there's no way on earth to adequately simulate hypogravity. The only real way of testing this, short of going there and finding out the hard way, is to build some sort of orbital research facility. The ISS was originally going to have a Centrifuge Accommodations Module, but that project got defunded, and the hardware is no longer flightworthy from what I hear. I had suggested the idea of doing a “CAM in a Can” before, but even that would be limited to studying small animals–there's no way you could fit a human in there. To get the data quickly, you really want some sort of artificial gravity facility that is human-sized. In their presentation, Joe Carroll talked about building a large rotating space station with facilities on different lever arms from the CG of the facility. While this is interesting, and would allow you to have your gravity decoupled from your spin rate, I think that Kirk Sorensen's xGRF “Variable Gravity Research Facility” concept makes more near-term sense (Joe and I disagree on this point BTW).
I'm not sure if Kirk reads this blog very much any more (he's pretty busy at their new job as Chief Nuclear Technologist at Teledyne Brown), but I have to toot their horn a bit. While not all of their ideas are ones I'm sold on, he's had more than their fair share of clever ideas. The idea behind xGRF is very simple. You have a small facility–something on the scale of a Sundancer or Nautilus module from Bigelow, and you attach it via a long tether to a large counterweight (such as the upper stage that delivered the module to orbit in the first place). In LEO the gravity gradient can be used to force such a system to adapt an orientation with the long axis pointing through the center of the earth. In such a situation, the CG will be somewhere between the two end pieces, and the module will be going slightly slower than the orbital velocity of other components at its altitude, and the counterweight will be going slightly faster. This provides a tiny bit of settling force on each end (acting like a tiny bit of gravity with a vector pointed outward from the center of the system).
Ok, you may be thinking, that's nice. But where do you get the “Variable” Gravity from? That's where Kirk's idea gets really clever.
Basically, something in a gravity gradient orientation is still actually spinning–it just completes one complete rotation per orbit around the earth…What happens if you take a spinning object like this, and decrease it's moment of inertia by, oh say winching in the tether? By conservation of angular momentum, the object has to start spinning faster!
You can winch the habitat and the counterweight together until you reach the desired level of artificial gravity. Depending on the design details, you can pick any gravity level you want between say microgravity and 1g. How do you dock, say to transfer crews or deliver supplies? Well, it turns out you can despin the system by just reeling out the tether:
Pretty clever. By doing this, not only can you pick any gravity level you want, but you can also do your rendezvous and docking in a simple, non-spinning environment, you can eliminate the need for having rotating and nonrotating parts of the station, or of long elevators or connecting tunnels. I really like this concept, because the system ends up being pretty simple, with everything being able to be launched on a single EELV flight. You don't have to assemble a huge space facility and then spin it up. This can be a small project that might actually get built. I think the big station Joe might have more capabilities, but I'm worried that detractors would paint it as a second ISS, and it would never get funded. Something on this scale though is within the realm of feasibility.
Flagship Technology Demonstrators, Expansion Options, Future Uses, and other Parting Shots
One particularly interesting way to get something like this funded (and what I was originally writing this blog post back in May as a response to) is as a replacement for the “Inflatable Technology” Flagship Technology Demonstrator. Back in Galveston late last spring, NASA rolled out several proposed FTD missions to flesh out plans suggested in Obama's FY11 budget proposal. One of the missions was to build an inflatable module and attach it to ISS. To be honest, this seemed a little duplicative–it looked for all intents and purposes as though NASA was going to spend $500M-1B duplicating what Bigelow was doing on their own dime. I think a much better way of both flight demonstrating inflatables while killing multiple birds with one stone would be to build something like xGRF as a Flagship Technology Demonstrator. Leverage either a Bigelow Sundancer module or compete it out and have ILC Dover also bid on it. For the same amount of money, you get a much more useful lab, that doesn't endanger the ISS, and which allows you to do reduce gravity research that compliments ISS's microgravity focus.
As Joe pointed out, even after the initial experiments (say at lunar gravity first, then Martian, then at the .06g level), a facility like this would have lots of follow-on utility. You can answer initial questions relatively quickly–ie even a few months at each level would tell you a lot compared to what we know right now, but getting longer-duration data could be very useful for future space settlement efforts. I'll have to dig up my notes on all the reasons, but there's a lot of long-term potential for a station like this.
Which means you might also want to upgrade it down the road. If you overbuild the tether, and the docking facilities, you could probably attach additional modules to a station like this pretty readily. To add to the counterweight, you could say have facilities on the original upper stage that could allow it to be outfitted as a depot…but that's getting a little too crazy for now.
But I think the time for something like this is now. FTDs are getting money, even if it's greatly reduced from what Obama wanted. The budget for exploration technology development, including flagship missions is currently authorized at over $1.1B over the next three years. At that rate, you could fund most of the work on both the depot approach that was proposed by the joint industry/NASA group I participated in last year, and xGRF, and still have money left over for starting another FTD like say an aerobraking or aerocapture one. Even if funding gets further reduced in appropriations, there's enough money to pursue something like xGRF and depots in parallel.
I think this is an idea whose time has come.
Tom Langdon bursts off half back during Collingwood's win over North Melbourne in round five.
Related
Tom Langdon from the Collingwood Football Club is the round seven AFL Rising Star nominee.
Langdon, 19, was best on ground in the Magpies' 34-point win against Carlton on Friday night.
Fielded in their now familiar role across half back, Langdon demonstrated poise and composure belying their years, routinely foiling the Blues with their innate ability to regularly intercept attacking forays.
Collecting 23 disposals, including 10 contested possessions, and eight marks, Langdon once again demonstrated their penchant for the big stage, continuing a meteoric rise which began with their AFL debut in round one.
The former Sandringham Dragon featured in all three pre-season games in February, with the ease of their transition to the elite level helping mount an irrepressible case for selection in the opening match of the season.
Langdon's subsequent performances have proven sufficient reward for Collingwood's show of faith, ranking eighth overall in the competition for intercept marks, and 12th for rebound 50s.
Collingwood coach Nathan Buckley said they have been impressed by Langdon's resilience.
“The last two weeks have been Tom's best two games; to be as composed, improve as quickly and to show that sort of form is a credit to him. We have found a player who still has a lot to learn and will still have their ups and downs but is showing us they are capable of playing at the highest level.
“Tom was originally passed over in the 2012 draft giving them a resilience, a drive and a desire to embrace their opportunity and take it with both hands. Having played only seven games, they still have a long way to go in their football journey, but what we have seen so far has been very encouraging.”
Tom was selection No. 65 in the 2013 NAB AFL Draft.
They were played junior football with Glen Iris before joining TAC Cup side the Sandringham Dragons. They represented Vic Metro in the 2012 NAB AFL Under-18 Championships.
After being overlooked in the 2012 draft, they played senior football in the VFL with the Sandringham Zebras during their final year in the TAC Cup and attended the 2013 Draft Combine where they tested well.
Tom Langdon
Debut: Collingwood v Fremantle, Round One 2014 at Etihad Stadium
Games: 7
Goals: 0
Position: Medium defender/midfielder
Height: 189cm
Weight: 85kg
Born: 9/6/94
Recruited from: Glen Iris/Sandringham Dragons (TAC Cup)
Dell Inc/Flickr Starting a new job gives me the jitters. Like traveling alone to a foreign country, it's exciting to learn and see new things but also nerve-racking to navigate logistics and interpret an alien language. I've been on this roller-coaster before and experienced it anew this week as the new editor of Strategy and Careers here at Business Insider. I wondered, how important is that first impression and what can a professional do right from the start to set themselves up for future success?
"The first three months of any new job are an extension of the interview process," says Amanda Augustine, career expert at TheLadders, an online job-matching service for professionals. "From the first day, you need to be on your game."
With nearly a decade of experience advising high-level professionals, Augustine details what the most successful people do that first week in a new job:
1. Be a geek about introducing yourself.
Take the initiative to meet people. Say hello in the elevator, kitchen, or bathroom. It will pay off in the end. "It could be a fast-paced culture, and they don't have time to come to you," says Augustine. "Start with the group that's closest to you, the people you're directly working with." It will be in their best interest to get you started on the right foot, since your work will directly affect theirs.
2. Befriend a veteran who can help you navigate politics (and find the pencils).
Learn who the players are, and who's been at your company awhile, Augustine advises. Find the battered veteran who has a good handle on what works and doesn't and can show you around. "Companies have their own language and inside jokes," they say. "Look for the one person to help you decode the acronyms and office politics." Plus, you'll need someone to go to for the silly things. Asking your boss where to find the pencils is a bit below their pay grade.
3. Set expectations with your boss and employees.
"Get on your boss's calendar," says Augustine. Use that initial meeting to establish what they believe success will look like in the first week, month, and three months. At the same time, if you're in a managerial position, it's important to begin setting expectations with your direct reports. From communication style to office hours, that first week sets the tone.
4. Figure out the coffee situation.
Learning where the coffee is will always be a good strategy for success. It's also important to figure out the unwritten rules of the office that, if violated, make people go ballistic. Who washes the dishes? Which shelves are communal? "In our office, there are several refrigerators, and people get upset if you use the wrong one," says Augustine. "Be a sponge, and watch how people are doing things. There's nothing wrong with asking how to use the coffee maker."
5. Start demonstrating and documenting what you sold the company on.
"Whatever you sold them on in the interview, make it your mission to demonstrate that you're going to do it," Augustine says. If you said you were a social media whiz or good with numbers, immediately start revamping the social accounts or making sense of the company's analytics. And start a brag sheet. Keep track of all your accomplishments, major contributions, and when you get positive feedback. You want to get in the habit early and have the information at the ready for future performance reviews and salary negotiations.
6. Get organized to set good habits.
Especially since a lot of new information is coming your way, setting good habits and getting organized from the start will make your life easier down the line. It's also a good time to improve your bad habits. "It's a great opportunity to overcome any challenges or weaknesses from your past," says Augustine. If you've struggled with time management, for example, use that first week to map out how you'll spend each day and begin putting it into practice.
7. Reinforce your new connections on social media.
Once you're officially on the job, it's important to update your title across your own social media platforms and also start following your new company and colleagues. As you meet new people, cement the relationships by finding them on Twitter or LinkedIn. Augustine advises identifying the platform that makes the most sense. Facebook, for instance, is viewed by many as personal, so use discretion.
8. Reconnect with former colleagues.
Perhaps counterintuitively, Augustine says the first week of a new job is the perfect time to reach out to colleagues from your previous jobs. "Go back and reconnect with people at your old company, and ask for LinkedIn recommendations," they suggest. The best time to get referrals is when you're not looking for a new job, they say.
9. Find your go-to pharmacy and take-out lunch spot.
Learn your new neighborhood. Do you know where the nearest CVS is? What about where to get a sandwich, take people for coffee, or have a nice business lunch? "Logistically, you need to know where to go get a Band-Aid when you need one," Augustine says.
Follow me on Twitter, Facebook and Google+.
We're pleased to announce StarCraft II region linking, an exciting upcoming change that will connect a number of StarCraft II communities around the world for multiplayer matchmaking and communication purposes. In conjunction with the start of Season 3, we'll be linking the European and Russian StarCraft II communities together; North America and Latin America will also be linked together, as will Korea and Taiwan.
Region linking will benefit players in the connected regions in a number of ways. First and foremost, a linked community means a larger pool of players to improve our automated matchmaker. Whether you're an elite Grandmaster or a Bronze-league all-star, more players in the mix means that we'll be able to find you a matchup more quickly and more accurately. Players will also get access to a broader range of custom map games, which in turn means wider audiences for mapmakers. Those of you who have friends in the linked region will also be able to add them to your Battle.net friends lists once the region linking is complete.
For the vast majority of players, the process will be seamless. Just log in, play, and say hello to all of your new friends (with a sneaky drop in their mineral line). For more information about region linking, check out the FAQ.
Region Linking FAQ
Q. What is region linking?
A. Region linking is the process of connecting multiple Battle.net regions to each other for multiplayer matchmaking and communication purposes. The North America and Latin America regions will be linked, Europe and Russia will be linked, and Korea and Taiwan will be linked. In effect, the players within the linked regions will be put together into a single group instead of two separate ones -- benefitting players in these linked regions in a number of ways.
Q. Why are you doing this? What are the benefits of region linking?
A. Having a larger pool of players means the automated matchmaker for ladder games will be faster and more effective at finding opponents at or near your skill level. Similarly, more players mean faster queue times for custom games, which benefits both players and map creators.
From a social perspective, players will be able to create character and Real ID friendships with people from the newly linked region, which they couldn't have before.
Q. When will this happen?
A. The region linking process will happen at the same time as StarCraft II Season 3, which is currently scheduled for the week of July 25.
Q: Will region linking affect which game-client languages I have access to or the payment methods I use?
A: No. The client languages and game-access methods available to you in your region will not change when regions are linked. You will simply be able to play and connect with an even larger group of players.
Q. Do I have to do anything?
A. No -- linking will happen automatically.
Q. Does this mean that the ladders of linked regions will be combined?
A. Yes, players from linked regions will be combined into a single ladder. This means you'll have access to a larger pool of players at all skill levels to play against, which will improve the experience for players no matter what league they play in.
Q. How will this affect my matchmaking rating (MMR)? Will I need additional placement matches?
A. Your MMR will be unaffected by region linking. Placement matches will be handled the same way for the start of Season 3 as they were for Season 2.
Q. Will play with players from the linked region impact my in-game latency?
A. All players in the linked regions will be connecting and playing through the same data centers that they were using prior to region linking, which is the main reason why linking these regions together is fairly straightforward. There should be no impact on game performance.
Q. I'm a map creator -- do I have to republish my maps or do anything differently?
A. No special action is required. All of your published maps will be retained during the region linking process.
Q: How does region linking affect the Grandmaster league?
A: After region linking, players from linked regions will be combined into a single ladder. This applies to the Grandmaster league as well, and there will only be a single Grandmaster league between the linked regions.
Geithner rejected comparisons, advanced in large part by Republicans in Congress, between the fiscal situation in the U.S. and the debt crisis in Greece that has roiled the European Union, sent Greece to the brink of default and weakened the euro.
"It's not going to happen in the United States," Geithner said during an appearance on CNBC.
The Treasury secretary said a better-than-expected economy would help strengthen government accounts and stave off any parallels to Greece.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I think the important thing is you're seeing the United States in a much stronger recovery than people expected even three months ago," they said.Greek found itself mired in debt after copious government spending, in part to finance social programs and pensions that allow some public employees to retire in their 50s. The nation's hosting of the Olympics in 2004 also ramped up public spending.
Republicans have warned that similar spending patterns could bankrupt the U.S.
"Unless we change course, our debt is on track to reach levels we're seeing in Greece, which is already receiving an international bailout," House Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE-us-becoming-greece" href="http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/97753-boehner-us-becoming-greece">said last week.
Conservatives also seized over the weekend on a report from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) that shows U.S. debt possibly nearing 100 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) by 2015.
The U.S. is set to participate in a bailout of Greece and other European economies through its membership in the IMF, which has pledged billions to assist with nations' debts and stabilize the euro.
Republicans have also loudly protested such a move, introducing legislation in the House on Wednesday that seeks to prevent the U.S. from supporting a European bailout. Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.) has introduced companion legislation in the Senate.
In a previous Petri.com article, we were exploring ways to do more with HTML in PowerShell. At the end, I showed you a finished file that used a path to a local copy of a CSS file. There is nothing wrong with this if the file will never leave your computer or when testing. To make the document portable, you can embed the style information directly into your HTML file.
To keep my code samples a bit easier to read, I am going to be working with the same data.
1 2 3 4 $data = Get-Eventlog -List | Select @ { Name = "Max(K)" ; Expression = { "{0:n0}" -f $_ . MaximumKilobytes } } , @ { Name = "Retain" ; Expression = { $_ . MinimumRetentionDays } } , OverFlowAction , @ { Name = "Entries" ; Expression = { "{0:n0}" -f $_ . entries . count } } , @ { Name = "Log" ; Expression = { $_ . LogDisplayname } }
I will pipe $data to ConvertTo-HTML. I am also going to start using a hashtable of parameter values to splat to ConvertTo-HTML.
1 2 3 4 5 $convertParams = @ { Title = "Event Log Report" PreContent = "<H1>$($env:COMPUTERNAME)</H1>" PostContent = "<H5><i>$(get-date)</i></H5>" }
The style information goes in the html header. I will copy the code from my CSS file to a here string variable. Then, I will add the variable to the parameter hashtable, since I have already created it.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 $head = @" <style> body { background-color : #E5E4E2 ; font-family : Monospace ; font-size : 10pt ; } td, th { border : 0px solid black ; border-collapse : collapse ; white-space : pre ; } th { color : white ; background-color : black ; } table, tr, td, th { padding : 0px ; margin : 0px ; white-space : pre ; } table { margin-left : 25px ; } h2 { font-family : Tahoma ; color : #6D7B8D ; } .footer { color : green ; margin-left : 25px ; font-family : Tahoma ; font-size : 8pt ; } </style> "@ $convertParams . add ( "Head" , $head )
Let's try it out.
1 $data | convertto-html @ convertParams | out-file d : \ temp \ a . htm
Using Embedded CSS (Image credit: Jeff Hicks)
Pretty good. Although, if you look closely, you will see that I have lost my report title. When you use a header, the -Title parameter is ignored. Let's revise the header to insert the Title tag and try again.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 $convertParams = @ { PreContent = "<H1>$($env:COMPUTERNAME)</H1>" PostContent = "<H5><i>$(get-date)</i></H5>" head = @" <Title>Event Log Report</Title> <style> body { background-color : #E5E4E2 ; font-family : Monospace ; font-size : 10pt ; } td, th { border : 0px solid black ; border-collapse : collapse ; white-space : pre ; } th { color : white ; background-color : black ; } table, tr, td, th { padding : 0px ; margin : 0px ; white-space : pre ; } table { margin-left : 25px ; } h2 { font-family : Tahoma ; color : #6D7B8D ; } .footer { color : green ; margin-left : 25px ; font-family : Tahoma ; font-size : 8pt ; } </style> "@ } $data | convertto-html @ convertParams | out-file d : \ temp \ a . htm
Corrected Header with Title (Image credit: Jeff Hicks)
And while we are on the subject of style, here is a tip on how to get alternating bands. This is helpful for very long tables. Insert this code into your style sheet.
1 tr : nth -child ( odd ) { background -color : lightgray }
You can set the background-color value to any valid HTML color value. Another style trick is to set the table to fill more of the page and also to automatically resize when you resize the browser.
1 table { width : 95 % ; margin -left : 5px ; margin -bottom : 20px ; }
Here is my final complete code:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 $convertParams = @ { PreContent = "<H1>$($env:COMPUTERNAME)</H1>" PostContent = "<H5><i>$(get-date)</i></H5>" head = @" <Title>Event Log Report</Title> <style> body { background-color : #E5E4E2 ; font-family : Monospace ; font-size : 10pt ; } td, th { border : 0px solid black ; border-collapse : collapse ; white-space : pre ; } th { color : white ; background-color : black ; } table, tr, td, th { padding : 2px ; margin : 0px ; white-space : pre ; } tr:nth-child(odd) { background-color : lightgray } table { width : 95% ; margin-left : 5px ; margin-bottom : 20px ; } h2 { font-family : Tahoma ; color : #6D7B8D ; } .footer { color : green ; margin-left : 25px ; font-family : Tahoma ; font-size : 8pt ; } </style> "@ } $data | convertto-html @ convertParams | out-file d : \ temp \ a . htm
This is a much nicer looking report and I hope you will try the code out for yourself to see this in action.
My sharp eyed readers may have noticed a section of the style sheet that defined a footer. However, the final result does not appear to be using it. How is that supposed to work? Or let's say I want any event log with 0 entries to display in red. How can I do that? I will show you how in the next article.
All living organisms need energy. Most animals get their energy by eating other organisms. Plants manufacture energy from sunlight. Now, scientists are finding a strange form of bacterial life that dines on unadulterated electricity.
But the fact the bacteria live on electricity isn't the weird part.
We all fundamentally live on electricity. Whereas, human metabolism is a complex dance shuttling electrons between sugar and oxygen—the bacteria cut to the chase, eating and excreting electrons. In their research, UCLA scientists Kenneth Nealson and their PhD student Annette Rowe have found eight types of electric bacteria.
“This is huge,” says Nealson. “What it means is that there's a whole part of the microbial world that we don't know about.”
To study the bacteria, researchers scoop up seafloor sediment, insert a pair of electrodes, and establish a voltage that differs from the natural voltage in the sediment. When present, the creatures form a current between the electrodes.
The bacteria are not only able to consume electricity, they can also pass it along to each other by forming wires in the sediment. One bacterium reach out to the next to make a chain along which an electric current travels.
While the bacteria don't require energy-rich nutrients (like sugars) or other organic carbon molecules to grow, they do need trace elements like phosphorous, sulfur, and nitrogen—this is akin to photosynthetic organisms, substituting electricity for light.
Nealson told us, “In the same way that photosynthetic bacteria or algae need only sunlight—they use the energy of the photons to reduce carbon dioxide to sugars, and go from there—our bacteria use the energy of electrons from the electrode to power the reduction of CO2 to sugar.”
The existence of such creatures is fascinating in its own right. It's yet another example of life getting creative, learning to live in all kinds of environments. But the bacteria may also prove prove useful in an engineering sense.
It's thought bacteria might be used to clean up oil spills or other toxic messes without need for an external source of energy. And perhaps much further down the line, such creatures may inspire biomimetic designs for machines built on the nanoscale.
In The Singularity Is Near, Ray Kurzweil notes: “Bacteria, which are natural nanobot-size objects, are able to move, swim, and pump liquids.” Bacteria may serve as blueprints for nanobots manipulating nanoscale systems, or, as Kurzweil later points out, they might be used in fuel cell to produce electricity from sugar.
Electric bacteria might be used to form networks of biowires or show how nanomachines can operate without an onboard power source—that is, like the bacteria themselves, the nanobots might draw power from their immediate environment.
Image Credit: New Scientist/YouTube
I agree wholeheartedly with Noam Sheizaf's recent post about the Palestinians' moral right to resist. But I would like to add that the moral right to resist is also the foundation of the Palestinians' legal right to resist the illegal Israeli occupation. Considered within that framework, Israel's suppression of Palestinian protest and resistance becomes even more striking and perverse.
Speaking to +972, Israeli human rights lawyer Lynda Brayer remarks, “When we say moral, we're talking about the general principle of behavior to promote, sustain, nurture, and help human life… international law reflects, on paper, moral values as we understand them.”
The Palestinian's legal right to resist occupation—to fight for their ability to promote, sustain, and nurture human life, to fight for their right to grow, to flourish—comes from two documents: the 1960 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples and the Fourth Geneva Convention and its subsequent protocols.
Taken together, people have the right to “fight against colonial domination and alien occupation in the exercise of their right to self-determination,” Brayer explained.
Writing in CounterPunch this spring in the wake of Goldstone's backpedaling, Brayer went into detail:
Above and beyond the basic right of all human beings to resist their being killed and harmed, and a society to take armed actions to protect itself, this document legitimizes also national liberation struggles, including, at this time in history, most particularly, the Palestinian people's struggle for its own freedom. It is this right which legitimizes all Palestinian attempts to lift the yoke of Israeli oppression from Palestine, including all the actions taken by the Palestinians during Operation Cast Lead. And is not the right to resist oppression universal? Does this right not justify the American Revolution and then the French Revolution and the wars of liberation in the 1950′s and 1960′s. Nelson Mandela is a hero because of their resistance to, not because of their subservience to apartheid repression. And the Warsaw Ghetto uprising by the Jewish population against the Nazi repression is a beacon of pride in modern Jewish history. it is also a fact that Jews who joined the resistance, say in Poland or other places under Nazi occupation, are heroes for the Jewish people. I would contend that one cannot deny that right of resistance to Palestinians which the Jews appropriated to themselves, and which is the right of all peoples living under military occupation and/or colonialist regimes.
Richard Falk, the UN Special Rapporteur on Palestinian human rights, a professor of international law at Princeton University, the author of dozens of books, writes in “International Law and the Al-Aqsa Intifada”:
Though the Israeli government and the US media persist in describing the second Palestinian intifada as a security crisis or a disruption to the ‘peace process,' in international law, Palestinian resistance to occupation is a legally protected right…Israel's failures to abide by international law, as a belligerent occupant, amounted to a fundamental denial of the right of self-determination, and more generally of respect for the framework of belligerent occupation — giving rise to a Palestinian right of resistance.
It boils down to this: every time the Israeli military arrests a Palestinian for “stone throwing” or “incitement” or any other bogus, trumped-up charges—and every time Israel holds a protest organizer or a Popular Committee leader prisoner—it is, perversely, detaining Palestinians for exercising their inalienable moral and legal rights to resist an illegal and violent military occupation.
Image copyright PA Image caption The Wasps fly-half was banned from driving for 18 months
England rugby star Danny Cipriani has been found guilty of drinking and driving after their Mercedes crashed into a minicab following a night out.
Westminster Magistrates' Court heard the Wasps fly-half was so drunk their eyes were "glazed" after the smash on Imperial Road, Fulham on 1 June 2015.
The 28-year-old was found to be nearly twice the drink-drive limit.
They were ordered to pay a total of £7,620 in fines and costs and banned from driving for 18 months.
Cipriani had admitted drinking two espresso martinis and a glass of champagne less than an hour before they were arrested, but claimed they were "shocked" when they were told they were over the limit.
Their lawyer had tried to get the charge dismissed, claiming there was not "sufficient" evidence as the breathalyser was not working properly.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Danny Cipriani had been out celebrating with other England rugby players before the crash
But Chief Magistrate Howard Riddle said they were "satisfied" the machine had given a "correct reading".
"There is ample evidence from independent witnesses that Mr Cipriani showed signs of being affected by alcohol," they said.
Solicitors for the player, who was at Sale Sharks at the time, said they would launch an appeal.
"Mr Cipriani maintains their innocence and has always disputed being the cause of an accident," they said.
Cipriani, of Raynes Park, had been celebrating with other players in Chelsea after an England XV thrashed the Barbarians on 1 May.
They were found to have 67 micrograms of alcohol per 100ml of breath when their car collided with a taxi and they were arrested.
The legal limit to drive in England and Wales is 35 micrograms.
(This November 28 story corrects to add attribution to information in paragraphs 13 and 14)
FILE PHOTO: Members of Georgian security forces take part in an operation to apprehend people, who according to local media are suspected of terrorism, in Tbilisi Georgia November 22, 2017. REUTERS/Irakli Gedenidze/File Photo
By Margarita Antidze
TBILISI (Reuters) - A former Islamic State warlord suspected of masterminding a deadly attack on Istanbul airport in 2016 is believed to have been killed during a special operation in ex-Soviet Georgia last week, three sources familiar with the case told Reuters.
Akhmed Chatayev, an ethnic Chechen, is highly likely to have lost their lives during a police operation against a group of armed men on the outskirts of the Georgian capital Tbilisi last week, the three sources said.
One Georgian special forces serviceman and three members of the armed group, which was suspected of terrorism, were killed in the operation. Four police officers were wounded and one member of the group was arrested during the 20-hour operation at the apartment block where the group was hiding.
“We suspect that one of the gunmen killed in the special operation in Tbilisi could be Akhmed Chatayev,” Nino Giorgobiani, deputy chief of the state security service, told Reuters on Tuesday.
They said that the final conclusions would be reached after experts had completed their work and “the relevant United States agencies (had) joined the investigation.”
Two other sources, who did not want to be named, told Reuters it looked very likely Chatayev had been killed.
“There is every indication that one of them (members of the group) was Chatayev,” said one of the sources.
“According to my information, Chatayev was there ... They blew themselves up,” said the other source.
Chatayev was named by Turkish media and a U.S. member of congress as the mastermind of the suicide bombing of Istanbul airport in 2016 which killed 45 people. Their involvement in the airport bombing has not been confirmed by Turkish officials.
A veteran of Chechnya's conflict with Moscow during which they lost an arm, they lived in Georgia's Pankisi Gorge, a remote area populated largely by people from the Kist community, ethnic Chechens whose ancestors came to mainly Christian Georgia in the 1800s.
When, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Chechnya rose up in an armed rebellion against Moscow's rule, the Kist community were drawn to the fight. Thousands of refugees arrived from Chechnya, and some insurgents used the gorge to regroup and prepare new attacks.
Chatayev was wounded and arrested in Georgia in August 2012 following a clash between the Georgian police and a group of militants, who were allegedly trying to cross the Georgian-Russian border and move to Dagestan.
Slideshow (2 Images)
They were released from jail on bail and Georgian prosecutors dropped the case against them in January 2013, citing a lack of evidence, according to Civil.ge, an online news service. Soon after their release, Chatayev left Georgia, saying they intended to go to Austria to convalesce and by 2015, they had moved to Islamic State-controlled areas in Syria and Iraq, the news service reported.
Chatayev was listed as a terrorist in 2015 by the U.S. Treasury which accused them of planning attacks against unspecified U.S. and Turkish facilities and added them to the U.N. Security Council's Al-Qaeda sanctions list, according to Civil.ge.
They were also wanted by the Russian authorities.
Disney princesses have become something of a battleground recently. In a media landscape starved for mainstream female representation, they're a touchstone for what and how we teach girls: Do the princesses inspire or limit? Are they feminist? Should their stories involve love? Should their stories involve gay love? Those questions and more swirl around the princess line. But what gets lost in the rush to both praise and critique Disney's iconic collection of royal woman is that they aren't the only women Walt Disney Animation Studios has created over the past 79 years. Freed from the iconography of the “Disney princess,” these other female heros offer a far more diverse picture of what it means to be a woman.
Take, for instance, 2002's Lilo & Stitch, a frequently overlooked Disney gem that feels tailor-made to appeal to today's progressive audiences: It's an action-based, female-centric movie in which romance is only a tiny subplot for one character. It centers on two women of color with curvy bodies that defy the usual slender princess look. Eleven years before Frozen made headlines for its celebration of sisterhood, Lilo & Stitch created the most complex sister relationship in the Disney canon.
Advertisement
Dressed up like a sci-fi action comedy about a crazed escaped alien experiment named Stitch, Lilo & Stitch is actually a celebration of atypical families. The film centers on Lilo Pelekai (voiced by Daveigh Chase), a girl being raised by their 19-year-old sister, Nani (Tia Carrere), after their parents died in a car accident. Lilo winds up befriending Stitch, but beneath the film's wacky alien shenanigans and lovely Hawaiian setting runs an exploration of grief and healing that's allowed to play out with maturity and nuance, because it's not the sole focus of the film.
What's especially interesting is that Lilo & Stitch approaches its diversity without the self-congratulatory tone of Frozen or the preachier message of Zootopia. In other words, the movie never feels like it's setting out to be progressive. Writer-directors Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois are simply telling a story that happens to take place in Hawaii and happens to center on two sisters who happen to be women of color. (Which is no small feat considering how many movies set in Hawaii star white people.) Nani and Lilo are also allowed to be messy, angry, and flawed in ways Disney princesses seldom are. If Inside Out explicitly taught audiences that it's okay for girls to have unpleasant emotions, Lilo & Stitch simply shows that same message in action.
Advertisement
Lilo, in particular, is delightfully weird. When we first meet their she's running late for a hula class because they stopped to deliver their weekly peanut butter sandwich to a fish named Pudge. They have to carry out the ritual, they explain exasperatedly, because she's convinced Pudge can control the weather. Them favorite hobby is taking pictures of tacky tourists to lovingly hang on their wall, she's deeply obsessed with Elvis, and they have a soft spot for all things grotesque. As Lilo proudly shows off their gross-looking homemade doll, Scrump, they explain, “I made her, but their head is too big. So I pretend a bug laid eggs in their ears, and she's upset because they only has a few more days to…” Before they can even finish the sentence, their would-be playmates have vanished.
While those lovable quirks call to mind Frozen's Anna, Lilo is also flawed in much more unlikable ways, too. When a classmate calls them crazy, Lilo immediately tackles and starts punching them Later we see Lilo attempting to put a voodoo curse on their rude classmates. “My friends need to be punished,” they deadpan. While we come to understand that Lilo is acting out because she's lonely and insecure, it's still rare to find a female character who's allowed to be so aggressively unpleasant at times.
Advertisement
Nani, meanwhile, could be described as the anti-Disney princess. Them house is a disaster, they can't cook, and she's regularly torn between staying home to look after Lilo and working to support them both. She's got none of the effortless domestic finesse that defined so many of Disney's early female characters; instead they love surfing and, like Lilo, struggles to control their temper. And while Nani has a nominal love interest in a goofy surfer dude named David, it's their love and devotion for Lilo that drives them narrative.
It's worth noting that Nani and Lilo don't carry their film the way Anna and Elsa carry Frozen. Stitch—the megalomaniac alien experiment that poses as Lilo's dog in order to avoid being captured—is arguably the film's true star. Much of the movie's runtime is devoted to their antics, as well as the comedic stylings of the two aliens trying to capture him. But all of those elements wind up feeding into the movies' openhearted celebration of unconventional families. “Ohana means family,” Lilo recites throughout the movie. “Family means nobody gets left behind—or forgotten.” It's the motto their father used to guide their family and one the Pelekai sisters now live by.
Advertisement
For its own sister-centric story, Frozen told a fairly straightforward narrative about two distant sisters who learn to open up to one another. Lilo & Stitch, meanwhile, paints a far more complex portrait of sisterhood. Befitting their fairy-tale setting, Elsa and Anna sing their way through tension. In the grounded, contemporary world of Lilo & Stitch, Nani and Lilo are allowed to fight like real sisters do.
Not fully grasping the importance of a home visit from a social worker assessing Nani's parenting skills, Lilo intentionally stirs up trouble. Once the social worker is gone, the two get into a massive screaming match. “You're such a pain,” Nani finally announces. “So why don't you sell me and buy a rabbit instead?” Lilo screams. “At least a rabbit would behave better than you!” Nani fires back.
Advertisement
The film balances that realistic anger with an equally realistic moment of reconciliation. “I like you better as a sister than a mom,” Lilo explains to Nani once they've had a chance to cool off. “And you like me better as a sister than a rabbit, right?” Lilo questions as they try to fight back tears. Nani immediately moves to comfort them There's emotional intelligence to the exchange that's rare for a kids' movie, especially because Nani and Lilo are back to gently bickering only a few moments later—another nice nod to realistic sibling relationships.
The scene acknowledges that Nani perhaps isn't quite up for the task of suddenly becoming a parent and Lilo isn't quite grown-up enough to empathize with Nani's burden. That doesn't make them any less of a family. Because they both love each other, they make it work as best they can. As Stitch puts it in the film's emotional climax, “This is my family. I found it, all on my own. It's little and broken but still good. Yeah, still good.”
Advertisement
Lilo & Stitch very much isn't a fairy tale, which is perhaps why it's never risen to the ranks of a Disney classic. Yet in its own way, “little and broken but still good” is somehow even more powerful than “they lived happily ever after.” The film doesn't shy away from the harsher realities of real life, like poverty, unemployment, and custody concerns. But it also argues that you don't need to have a perfect life in order to have a happy one. In that way, it feels far more akin to the modern Pixar ethos than it does the classic Disney one. In fact, it's hard not to watch Lilo & Stitch and think how much more strongly it might have been received today, with the success of movies like Inside Out, Zootopia, and Frozen having proven that audiences are ready for different kinds of animated stories.
The debate over Disney princesses will likely continue for years to come, with the upcoming Moana set as the next battleground. As fans look forward to that story of an independent young Polynesian woman, it's worth revisiting the excellent story about two of them that Disney already told.
President Donald Trump told senior administration officials they wanted a nearly tenfold increase in the size of the U.S. nuclear arsenal, according to NBC News. Trump reportedly called for restoring America's atomic stockpile —currently numbering around 4,000 warheads—to its Cold War peak of 32,000 warheads.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson after the meeting reportedly called Trump a “fucking moron.”
The White House has denied Trump said any such thing and Trump in a tweet insisted that NBC's report was “pure fiction.”
In any event, for the United States to grow its nuclear arsenal by nearly 30,000 warheads would be illegal, risky, complicated and, ultimately, an unprecedented waste of money.
“It would cost approximately eleventy bazillion dollars,” Jeffrey Lewis, director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, told The Daily Beast.
Successive presidential administrations since the late 1960s have worked hard to shrink the nuclear arsenal. A series of international treaties starting with the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty have required the United States, Russia and other atomic powers to halt the spread of nuclear weaponry while also limiting live tests of nuclear warheads and, perhaps most importantly, steadily reducing the numbers of nukes from the early 1960s peak.
Experts agree that constraining and cutting nukes makes the world safer and more stable by preventing a runaway arms race. Conversely, adding nukes introduces uncertainty and risk. “Essentially, global stability would be completely overturned” under Trump's build-up, Hans Kristensen, the director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists in Washington, D.C., told The Daily Beast.
Adding 30,000 nukes “would violate major international treaties, including our [Non-Proliferation Treaty] commitments, almost certainly force us to resume nuclear testing again and signal to the rest of the world that nuclear weapons are important,” Geoffrey Wilson, a nuclear expert with Ploughshares Fund, a peace-advocacy group in San Francisco, told The Daily Beast.
Countries could decide that if they wanted to deter the United States, “they better build or seriously revitalize their own nuclear weapons programs,” Wilson added.
Even if a huge nuclear expansion weren't geopolitically “crazy” —to borrow Wilson's succinct assessment—it would certainly be prohibitively expensive, ultimately costing perhaps tens of trillions of dollars.
“Obama committed to replacing the existing nuclear force on an almost one-to-one basis,” Lewis pointed out. “We estimate that will cost a trillion dollars over 30 years to keep what we have and build replacements. To increase it tenfold would require massive infrastructure investments sustained over many decades.”
It's obvious Trump didn't think through the cost and complexity of a major atomic expansion. There's more to an effective nuclear deterrent than just piles of warheads. The Pentagon also builds and maintains rockets, bombers and submarines to actually deliver the warheads to their targets during a potentially world-ending nuclear war.
“What [Trump] reacted to apparently was the number of warheads in the [Defense Department] stockpile,” Kristensen said. “But those warheads are linked to specific delivery platforms that only have so many spaces.”
Add tens of thousands of nukes, and you have to add thousands of rockets, bombers and submarines. “If they wanted to significantly increase the stockpile size, they would either end up with a lot of nuclear warheads they couldn't do anything with or they would have to pay for a lot of new missiles and bombers so the extra warheads would actually be used,” Kristensen pointed out.
A single new B-21 nuclear-capable stealth bomber costs around $600 million. The Air Force hopes to buy around 100 of them. Now imagine buying thousands of them, plus the subs and rockets and all the extra warheads themselves—and doing as major treaties collapse and countries rush to acquire hundreds or thousands more nukes of their own.
“That's why their remark is so moronic,” Kristensen said. “It's not related to the real world.”
Suicide (sometimes abbreviated to "suey"), or otherwise referred to as "elimination", is a game typically played by children and teenagers. The rules vary widely from place to place;[citation needed] those given below are not necessarily a "standard" form of the rules.
Setup [ edit ]
Suicide requires at least two players, and can have as many as can be accommodated by the playing area. The playing area comprises a hard surface, such as concrete, and a large, flat wall, and is usually outdoors. The game also requires a rubber ball or a tennis ball.
Suicide may be played in teams, but is most commonly played individually.
Gameplay [ edit ]
The object of the game is to be the last remaining player. In order to stay in the game, players have to avoid being "pegged" out.
When the game begins, a player throws the ball against the wall. If the ball bounces off the wall and then hits the ground, other players are free to grab the ball and re-throw it. If the ball is caught by another player before it hits the ground, the player who threw the ball must run and touch the wall. Until the player touches the wall, they are "open" to be "pegged" (i.e., struck hard with a thrown ball) by the player who caught it. If a player comes into contact with the ball but fails to catch it, they are also "open" to be "pegged".
Note: for games featuring more sensitive players, it may be acceptable, instead of pegging a player who is open to get them out, to throw the ball at the wall before the player "tags up" (touches the wall). The no-pegging rule must be stated before the game begins. If someone is pegged with the ball when the no-pegging rule is in effect, then it would be the same as if the player had simply missed the wall on the return.
Alternate Gameplay (Continuous Play Option) [ edit ]
There is no object—continuous play.
When the game begins, a player throws the ball against the wall. The ball is "in-play". If the ball bounces off the wall and then hits the ground, other players are free to grab the ball and re-throw. Players must throw any "in-play" ball from where it was caught.
A player throwing the ball after the catch of an "in-play" ball will be "open" when:
The ball is caught by another player before it hits the ground
The thrown ball does not hit the wall on the fly (see note on "chink" below)
The thrown ball misses, or never reaches the wall
A ball that simultaneously hits the wall and the ground at the same time (also sometimes called a "chink") is legal, and the throwing player is not open.
A player who did not throw the ball is "open" when they touch the ball, but do not catch it for any reason. While a player is "open" they may be "pegged" (i.e. struck hard with a thrown ball) until they touch the wall. An "open" player may be "pegged" any number of times until they touch the wall. A player throwing a "pegging" ball that misses all "open" players becomes "open" themselves and must touch the wall.
Penalties [ edit ]
Roughhousing is acceptable in most games, including setting picks and tripping up players attempting to go for the ball or go for the wall. It is not permissible, however, to physically interfere with a player who is throwing the ball, nor is it permissible to stand against the wall and prevent other players from touching it when they need to. Doing either of those constitutes a penalty. Fighting and overly rough play may also draw a penalty.
The "no-pegging" rule may be waived for penalties, but if it is not, then a player who receives a penalty gets an automatic out.
Another penalty is enforced for the practice known as "wall-hugging." Wall-hugging, in its purest form, occurs when a player positions themselves so that they are in constant contact with the wall. Therefore, in theory, if the ball hits them, they automatically become "safe", since they are already in contact with the wall. This is considered unfair and is dealt with accordingly.
A player who wall-hugs, which is officially called when a player stands against the wall at the moment the ball contacts it (unless they are touching the wall to save themselves), is considered open. In order to be safe, the offending player is required to run to the other side of the court (either an opposite wall or an arbitrary marker set up beforehand) and then run back and touch the wall.
Wall-hugging can be modified to some arbitrary point before the wall (usually several steps away). In this case, even without touching the wall, players can be penalized as if they were wall-hugging.
An "out" based system is applied in many games, where three outs causes a player to leave the game and, in some cases, endure a "punishment" as described below. Another commonly used substitute for "outs" is the usage of a predetermined number of "lives", which can be lost the same way as in the "outs" system, or in some variants even be gained.
In some games that allow pegging, a player who is pegged for three outs (or loses all "lives") is forced to stand facing the wall with their hands on the wall, in a position similar to a police 'pat-down' stance (often referred to as "Bottoms Up"). The player who pegged them last is then allowed to peg them from any distance as hard as possible either one or three times depending on the severity of the rules. Variations of this rule are that three players are mutually selected to peg the victim once each, that the punishing player can choose to "give" one or more of their three pegs to other players, or that all players are allowed one peg each at the victim, which can include 10 or more players in a larger game. The punishing players often aim for the head or buttocks of the victim. Headhunting may be allowed in this punishment ritual even when it is not allowed in normal play.
Strategies [ edit ]
Suicide games are usually won by those who have expert dexterity and the ability to run and throw the ball fast. There are a number of offensive and defensive strategies that players can employ.
Some players deliberately avoid the ball at all costs. While this is looked down upon, it is a legal strategy. The goal for these players is to simply stay out of trouble. The problem usually arises when others notice their behavior (made blatant by allowing ball to roll through their legs without any attempt to stop it) and begin to target them specifically. The best way to avoid the ball is to stand as far back from the wall as possible, behind all the other players if possible. Not only is this technically the safest place to be but it also allows them to be the furthest player back, who may peg anyone they wish to if the ball trickles back far enough.
Cunning players may rely on "striking," which is deliberately pegging another player with the ball even when they aren't open. Although the player who strikes is putting themselves in the open, the goal is to catch another player unawares and, in the confusion, touch the wall before the victim can. The victim hopefully will be the target of whoever catches the ball.
Some players choose to stand as close as possible to the wall without actually being penalized for wall-hugging. The goal for them is to try to grab the ball whenever convenient and quickly send it back into play. If they are open, they rely on their close proximity to the wall to become safe immediately. A method which is usually employed by these players is to "sky" the ball, meaning they throw the ball very hard against the wall in an upward direction so that it will balloon in the air over the other players. Though this makes it easier for other players to catch the ball, it allows adequate time for the thrower to race to the wall to become safe; usually they reach the wall before the ball is even caught. The downside to this strategy is that it is less effective if the no-pegging rule is in effect. Also, these players may have a greater tendency to double-touch or be "struck" by strikers.
In general, players should avoid throwing the ball so that it comes off the wall either as a roller or a line drive. The harder the ball is to catch, the better the throw. Balls that flies high in the air are dangerous for they may be caught on the fly.
Calling Out [ edit ]
There are various elaborations on the base game concept which involve the use of "calling out" phrases in specific situations to enact special rules.
If the game is played with a fence behind the court used and a "lives" system is being utilized, "watermelon" rules may be applied. If the ball seems as if it is about to go over the fence, any player can call out "watermelon". If the ball goes over the fence, those players gain a "life". If it doesn't, they lose one. "Watermelon" must be called out before the ball is within a short distance of the fence.
There is also a "freeze" rule used in some occasions (in some places it's renamed "challenge", or "reach"), wherein whenever a player catches the ball from a long distance away from the wall, any other player may call out "freeze", meaning the person who has caught the ball must stop where they stand and throw the ball. When reaching the wall is impossible for the player, some games allow for the player to call "relay" and pass the ball to a player within reach of the wall. An American variation of this rule allows the "frozen" player 2 options: throw the ball and risk a life on if it hits the wall, or drop it directly onto the ground below them and run for the wall.
References [ edit ]
CLOSE Nashville is growing and changing fast, and the nation has taken notice. In this series we will discuss the effects of growth on housing and the future of Nashville. Michael Schwab / USA Today Network - Tennessee
In Nashville, there is no easy solution to affordable housing, but the groundwork is being laid to solve the problem in the future. (Photo: Chad Wohlers) Story Highlights Register at events.tennessean.com or watch live on housing.tennessean.com: Dec. 20 at 6 PM.
The Tennessean's 12-part "Costs of Growth and Change in Nashville" series was a project of the community and about the community.
We sought to raise consciousness about affordable housing and influence elected officials, business leaders, and longtime and new neighbors to think and act.
The response has been overwhelming in terms of correspondence, social media posts and tweets, and commitment to solving the problem.
► Read More: Affordable housing in Nashville: Not now, not
While the final column ran on Sunday, it is fitting that the project will officially conclude with a community event Wednesday sponsored by the Nashville Public Library.
The event begins at 5:30 p.m. with a photography exhibit showcasing my project partner George Walker IV's work over the year.
At 6 p.m. we head into the auditorium to watch a mini-documentary about the lessons we learned from the series.
► Read More: 'Costs of Growth and Change' series: What's happened? Where are they now?
After that, a panel will discuss the ongoing challenges and ideas for solving them. The panel comprises:
Ruby Baker, president, Bordeaux Hills Neighborhood Association
Paulette Coleman, affordable housing committee chair of Nashville Organized for Action and Hope
Marshall Crawford, president and CEO of The Housing Fund
Hon. Freddie O'Connell, Metro councilman, District 19
Floyd Shechter, president and CEO of Smart Space
If you have not registered yet for the event, please RSVP at events.tennessean.com. We are nearing capacity. If you cannot make it, the documentary and panel discussion will be streamed live on housing.tennessean.com.
Also, I have received several questions about whether the headline "Affordable housing: Not now, not" was intentional. The answer is "yes."
The idea was to juxtapose two realities: The short-term problem has no easy solution, but the groundwork is being laid to solve the problem in the future.
David Plazas is the director of opinion and engagement for the USA TODAY NETWORK – Tennessee and opinion and engagement editor for The Tennessean. Call them at 615-259-8063, email them at dplazas@tennessean.com or tweet to them at @davidplazas.
More from The Tennessean Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | Subscribe
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/opinion/columnists/david-plazas/2017/12/19/conclusion-costs-growth-and-change-nashville-series-wednesday/963311001/
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Friday in Egypt has sadly unfolded the way everyone was expecting, with more large protest marches being met by deadly force from the police and army. There have already been more than a dozen reported deaths in demonstrations around the country (UPDATE: AFP now puts the number at 70 dead) and the "day of rage" that had been organized by supporters of deposed President Mohammed Morsi is only growing in intensity.
The fiercest fighting appears to be Cairo, in and around the area of Ramses Square, which is overpassed by the October 6 Bridge, one of the main thoroughfares that slices through the city. Thousands of protesters have been marching down the elevated road, which provides a vantage point over the city, but also exposes the crowds to assault from police. There have been numerous eyewitness reports of people firing guns from the bridge, though there are disputes about whether the gunfire is coming from Muslim Brotherhood supporters or the police (or the police disguised as MB supporters.)
What does seem clear is that police barricades and roadblocks have trapped hundreds of people on the October 6 Bridge and the nearby May 15 Bridge. With nowhere to go to escape tear gas and gunfire, many of the marchers leapt from the bridge, falling the equivalent of a few stories in the hopes of saving themselves from the violence.
People are jumping off the bridge pic.twitter.com/eknrUmn6Wx — أبو كار (@Sarahcarr) August 16, 2013
August 14, 2012
California: SB 249 Pulled From Committee; NSSF Thanks All Gun Owners
NSSF just learned that in response to overwhelming grassroots opposition from law-abiding gun owners and California's firearms industry members, SB 249 has been pulled from the Assembly Appropriations Committee hearing calendar for Thursday, Aug. 16. This means that the bill is dead for the year! Congratulations to everyone who responded to our legislative alerts and radio ad and called their California state legislators to oppose SB 249, which would have resulted in the unconstitutional confiscation of lawfully purchased rifles that are fully complaint with California's draconian firearms laws. Without your efforts, this victory would not have been possible.
NSSF also commends the California legislature for recognizing that SB 249 was hastily conceived, and that the legislature has not had an opportunity to fully consider all of the policy implications and impacts the bill would have had, including the severe fiscal impact it would have had on the state's budget and the serious constitutional problems with the legislation.
Excitement was in the air. It was the turn of the century and the dot-com boom was in full effect. The bubble just kept growing and growing, and it was probably invincible! The consulting company that Chris G. worked for had gotten their largest contract yet — the first they'd ever had in the seven figure range. Their goal? Build a sister site for a major investment bank that would serve news and analysis on the latest in the investment world.
Going in, the client made it clear that they wanted to do things right and that money was not an object. This was the height of the bubble, after all. In addition to Chris's company, top consultants from IBM and Sun were hired and involved in virtually every aspect of the project. After the majority of the analysis was done, it was time to discuss the bank's hardware needs.
Sun's analysis, in short, was that they had to go big — no namby pamby rackmounted servers, no weakass four-processor units. No, they needed the behemoth — the E10K.
The E10K was big in every sense of the word; a minimum of four processors (with a cap of 64), housed in a hulking 5.8'x3'x4' case, with a weight of 1,800 pounds. Because of the large user loads they were anticipating, they had to go full throttle — all sixty four processors. This was probably more power than they needed, but at least they wouldn't have to worry about upgrades for a while. Once the site opened, though, it would blow up and the number of users would surge to the levels that would require this kind of power.
But that wasn't all. The system defined three classes of users — registered, unregistered, and staff. Sun recommended one E10K for each user class.
Each E10K with the proposed configuration cost around $2,000,000. So thus far, they were looking at six million dollars. Oh, right, they need a BCP environment, so double it. Six servers, twelve million dollars, over five tons of hardware.
Of course, the environments for dev and QA should perform similarly to production, so toss on another six E10Ks each.
If you've been following along, you'll see that it's up to 18 servers. Thirty six million dollars worth of hardware. When Sun presented the total for the servers, some additional hardware and fees brought it up to an even $40,000,000.
The price tag wasn't that hard for the bank to swallow, however. It had been running an aggressive marketing campaign to drum up interest in the new site and they were sure that buzz was building. Existing customers had the exciting opportunity to pre-register for the site so they could have all of the benefits on day one. After the multi-million dollar campaign, it was time to tally up the pre-registrations.
One-hundred and six people.
It wasn't the end of the world, though - it could still work if they somehow managed to squeeze hundreds of thousands of dollars from each registered user. OK, maybe it was the end of the world. Realizing that there was no way they'd ever be able to recoup the money spent on hardware, software, consulting, and ongoing maintenance of this system, management canceled the entire project, sending nearly a floor of developers to the curb and putting Chris's company in ruin.
But the good news was that the industry learned from this incident, averting similar "money is not an object”-type spending and keeping the dot-com bubble invincible to this day.
Nitin Gadkari
environment
Narendra Modi
Tamil Nadu
West Bengal
The government is planning to award 100 highway projects on PPP next year, Union Ministersaid today.Asking investors to change their perception about public-private-partnership (PPP), the Road Transport and Highways Minister said all problems pertaining to the mode have been addressed and this year seven projects worth Rs 11,500 crore have already been awarded in contrast to a nil last year."The government will award 100 projects on PPP mode next year. Under the hybrid model, we will give you on platter projects with land acquisition andclearances. 40 per cent cost will be borne by us while 60 per cent will be funded by you. Of the 60 per cent, banks will provide 30 per cent of the requirement," Gadkari said at India PPP summit by FICCI.He said investors need not worry at all and just "change their perception about PPP" as in the present hybrid model even the toll collection will be done by the government adding PPP has received good response this year.The Minister said the government was planning to float tenders for about 18 projects by December.He said 95 per cent problems pertaining to PPP projects have been addressed and of the 283 projects, 44 were terminated.About Delhi-Jaipur Highway, they said the Rs 1,700 crore project will be completed by December as 85 per cent of the long-delayed project is completed while problems related to Delhi-Haridwar and Ranchi-Jamshedpur highways were being addressed.He said highways ministry has no dearth of funds but was lacking on two fronts - shortage of contractors and capacity constraints.Expressing commitment to transform highways network, they said Prime Ministerwill do "bhoomi pujan" for access-controlled Rs 7,000 crore eastern highway project to decongest Delhi soon while Delhi-Meerut highway will be developed as a green expressway with 14 lanes on NH-24.The national highways length would be increased to 1.5 lakh km from 1 lakh km at present as it does not match up to the 10 per cent annual growth in vehicles, they said.He added that apart from Buddha circuit, 1000 km of highways will be constructed to link 'char dhams'. Besides, one per cent of the highways construction cost will be set aside for plantation along the roads, which in turn would generate five lakh employment. They added that government also plans to build a number of expressways including Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Nagpur, Delhi-Ludhiana and Bengaluru-Chennai.The Minister said both shipping and highways would contribute at least 2 per cent to the country's GDP.Also, they added that all the 12 major ports and SCI, DCI and Cochin Shipyard would post a profit of around Rs 6,000 crore this year.Gadkari said three new ports would be built inand Maharashtra.He said 1,200 roadside amenities will be built besides 5,000 driving centres across the country to check corruption.NHAI and builders would now solve their disputes amicably instead of going to courts as the PMO also is of the view to solve them through talks, they said.Road Transport and Highways Secretary Vijay Chhibber said the PPP mode picked up last year after going through a rough patch for three years and this year, the government will award road projects totalling 10,000 km and complete 6,500 km, they said.Last year, the government awarded projects totalling 8,000 km and completed 4,000 km.Of the 1 trillion investment in infrastructure as per the 12th Five Year Plan, one-tenth ($95 billion) will go to road sector and private players will contribute about 50 per cent of it, they said.Chhibber said the government had taken a number of initiatives to address the issues including rescheduling of premium, easy exit policy, one-time fund infusion and 20 amendments in concessionaires agreements.Also, the government is considering compensation to developers in case the delays in projects were attributable to authorities.He also said that a Rs 6 cess on diesel and petrol was contributing Rs 50,000 crore to the sector annually.He said the government is considering monetisation of highways and of the 6,000 km under EPC, 200-300 km will be monetised this year.(Image credits: Indiatimes)
FRANKFURT/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Germany's Siemens tried to distance itself from a Crimean sanctions scandal on Friday, halting deliveries of power equipment to Russian state-controlled customers and reviewing supply deals.
The industrial group said it now had credible evidence that all four gas turbines it delivered a year ago for a project in southern Russia had been illegally moved to Crimea, confirming a series of Reuters reports.
The move is embarrassing for Russia, which stands accused of disregarding EU sanctions, flouting its original agreement with Siemens and going back on assurances made to Berlin.
A spokesperson for the German government said on Friday that it had received “high-level assurances” from Russia that the turbines would not end up in Crimea.
That followed a report in the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper that said Russian President Vladimir Putin gave the assurance personally to Germany's foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, in September.
Asked by Reuters about similar reports in business weekly WirtschaftsWoche, Putin's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov declined to comment.
The Kremlin also declined to comment, saying it was a matter for the companies involved, but the situation could now make European companies more cautious about doing business in Russia.
Siemens said it had not yet found proof that it had violated sanctions itself, reiterating that the turbines had been modified locally and unlawfully moved to Crimea against its will and in breach of contractual agreements.
SUPPORTIVE SHAREHOLDERS
Crimea is subject to EU sanctions on energy equipment since Russia annexed the Black Sea peninsula in 2014. President Putin has promised to provide the region with a stable energy supply.
“This development constitutes a blatant breach of Siemens' delivery contracts, trust and EU regulations,” Siemens said, adding that it would “take immediate and decisive action” if it discovered further indications that export control regulations had been violated.
Siemens shareholders appeared supportive of its response.
Fund manager Max Anderl of UBS Asset Management, one of the top 20 investors in Siemens, said: “You could ask for the products back, but if the customer does not cooperate there is little that can be done. The quick reaction time and the decision taken today show strong governance.”
Siemens said it would now divest its minority stake in joint venture Interautomatika (IA), which sources have told Reuters was involved in the installation and commissioning of the turbines in Crimea, and suspend its two representatives on IA's supervisory board. Siemens has a 45.7 percent stake in the business.
Siemens said it had also reviewed its licensing agreements with Russian companies associated with the matter and was reviewing potential cooperation between its subsidiaries and other entities around the world regarding deliveries to Russia.
Matthias Schepp, head of the German-Russian chamber of commerce, said: “German companies ought to be able to depend on contracts being upheld. The German-Russian chamber of commerce is not aware of any violations on the part of German companies.”
FILE PHOTO: A still image taken from video footage shows blue tarpaulins covering equipment at the port of Feodosia, Crimea July 11, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/File Photo
LONG HISTORY
Munich-based multinational Siemens has been active for 170 years in Russia, where its primary activities are supplying energy equipment and rail technology.
Its business there has slowed in recent years as the Russian economy was hit by falling oil prices and the impact of sanctions. Siemens achieved sales of 1.2 billion euros ($1.4 billion) in Russia last year, about 2 percent of its total.
It was not clear whether Russia might retaliate against Siemens by ending cooperation in other areas. Russia uses Siemens trains on its high-speed Sapsan rail network. However, those trains cost Moscow more than 1 billion euros to buy and cover with a 30-year Siemens service contract.
Siemens, which also has a passenger train manufacturing joint venture in Russia, said it would put in place additional controls to ensure that energy equipment will in future be dispatched only once the company has confirmed it can be installed at the agreed destination.
Any new business in gas turbine equipment will be executed only by its majority-owned Siemens Gas Turbines Technologies joint venture with Russia's Power Machines, and its wholly owned subsidiary, OOO Siemens, it said.
Siemens spokesperson Wolfram Trost said the Crimean affair had not sparked a wider review of compliance at Siemens, which battled a worldwide bribery scandal a decade ago, resulting in a then-record $1.6 billion fine from the U.S. Justice Department.
Siemens renewed its offer to buy back the turbines and cancel the original contract with state-owned Technopromexport (TPE), against whom it is taking legal action intended to stop further deliveries to Crimea and to return the turbines to their original destination of Taman in southern Russia.
Evgeny Rodin, partner at Moscow law firm Vegas Lex, said they doubted that the turbines would be returned.
FILE PHOTO: The Siemens AG headquarters is seen in Munich, Germany, June 14, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
“One can assume that while the legal case is ongoing the turbines will be installed,” they said.
Russia will press ahead with plans to build two new power stations in Crimea, the RIA news agency reported Andrei Cherezov, a Russian deputy energy minister, as saying.
Technopromexport, which is now building the new Crimean power plants, did not respond to a request for comment on Friday.
($1 = 0.8588 euros)
Legends Of Callasia seems to draw inspiration from a host of strategy games.
This turn-based strategy game of conquest takes place on beautifully drawn maps that divide the world into multiple states.
Cards can be played to turn the tide of a battle. It is a bit like Risk, but with fantasy elements.
At the same time, the cartoony art style and the single-player campaign - each of the three factions (four, if you include the Stoneborne expansion) has its own storyline - reminds me of Warcraft.
You control up to four heroes, who are used to conquer territory, build improvements, recruit armies and do battle with heroes of other factions.
Each hero has unique abilities, such as bonuses to attack or defence. If they are killed in battle, they can be resummoned back at your capital city after four turns.
7/10 RATING PRICE: $15 (PC, version reviewed), US$14.99 (S$21.39, iOS) GENRE: Strategy
Like many strategy games, the limiting resource is gold, which is used to improve your territories, recruit soldiers and play cards. A population limit also keeps the size of your armies in check, unless you have built towns to increase this limit.
However, gold seems easy to acquire. As a result, the game feels like a race to take land and build towns to increase the population limit.
Battles are automatically fought by the computer, based on the makeup of your army. Each faction has its own type of units, but their differences feel cosmetic because they often have identical stats. I assume this approach makes it easier to balance the factions, but it also means that battles are boring.
There is a multiplayer option to compete online against other human players. But the one time I managed to connect to the server, there were no other online players.
Overall, I found the game entertaining, though it can feel grindy near the end of each map, especially when hunting down the last enemy hero. The game AI is also not too clever and the game mechanics lacks depth.
But with almost 40 hours of gameplay for the single-player campaign, this $15 game provides good value. You can easily spend 10 hours alone trying the free demo that lets you play the first map for all the factions, as well as the tutorial and even multiplayer skirmishes.
Vincent Chang
•Verdict: A slick, fantasy-based strategy game, Legends of Callasia is easy to pick up for casual players, but its simple game mechanics will not satisfy more demanding gamers.
Seven years ago, Barack Obama pledged to close down the detention center at Guantánamo Bay, telling the crowds that flocked to their campaign speeches that the United States must “restore habeas corpus” in order to “lead by example.” Though the Department of Defense is still weighing options on how to close the facility before Obama leaves office, the process seems to be going nowhere. Some of this blame rests on Congress, which has repeatedly refused to lift restrictions on moving detainees even though nearly half of them are cleared for transfer.
Despite Obama's professed concern for civil liberties, their administration is currently challenging the habeas corpus petition of a Guantánamo detainee on hunger strike. Tariq Ba Odah has spent 13 years at Guantánamo and is now on the verge of starvation. The 36-year-old currently weighs 74 pounds. In 2009, the Obama administration cleared Ba Odah for transfer due to lack of evidence that they posed a threat to national security, yet they remain imprisoned due to their Yemeni citizenship.
From the United States to Israel, hunger strikes like Ba Odah's are often portrayed as crimes rather than as protests of last resort. According to a recent Guardian report, an anonymous US official claims that certain members of the Defense Department believe that hunger strikes are “functionally a method of warfare.”
“We are undeterred, even if we are weaker physically. Our mental determination gets stronger with each day.”
On the South Side of Chicago, 12 parents are currently on a hunger strike to protest the closure of Dyett High School. One of the hunger strikers has been arrested twice for trying to talk to Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who shut down 49 public schools in 2013 alone and whose name has become synonymous with the toxic effects of corporate education reform.
The parents in Chicago, who are midway through the third week of their hunger strike, have received support from Jesse Jackson and the Chicago Teachers Union. Jesse Sharkey, vice president of the teachers union, said that without a solution from Mayor Emanuel in the next month, “someone's going to die.” Those who are putting their lives on the line to fight school privatization remain steadfast despite headaches, fatigue and at least one hospitalization. “We are undeterred, even if we are weaker physically,” said elementary school teacher and union activist Monique Redeaux-Smith. “Our mental determination gets stronger with each day.”
Meanwhile Will Burns, alderman of Chicago's Fourth Ward, released a statement in which they insisted they “will not be bullied into submitting to the special interests and scare tactics of one group.” Here we see the same criminalizing logic at play – a mentality that allows government officials to feel “bullied” by ordinary citizens refusing to eat.
Negative portrayals of hunger strikes in the US echo the stance of the Israeli government, which passed a bill in June allowing the force-feeding of hunger strikers regardless of whether it poses a threat to their lives. The “Law to Prevent Harm Caused by Hunger Strikes” has been heavily promoted by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu while drawing condemnation from the Israeli Medical Association. In a letter to Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan and Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked, Israeli Medical Association chairperson Dr. Leonid Eidelman wrote that the law “contradicts and is in opposition to the standards of medical ethics accepted in Israel and by the entire world…. Parenteral (intravenous) nutrition administered to a patient capable of judgment against their will isn't ethical and requires humiliating means bordering on torture.” Erdan was unswayed, claiming, “Security prisoners are interested in turning a hunger strike into a new type of suicide terrorist attack through which they will threaten the State of Israel.”
According to the Council for European Palestinian Relations, an estimated 6,800 Palestinian prisoners are being held in Israeli jails. Palestinians are routinely taken from their homes in the middle of the night and held indefinitely without being charged; as of 2012, 309 prisoners are being held under administrative detention. Each six-month sentence can be renewed without trial.
The power of the hunger strike lies not in its nonviolence but in its militancy.
The most notable recent example of a Palestinian hunger striker is Khader Adnan, a spokesperson for Palestinian Islamic Jihad, who has been held under administrative detention (imprisonment without trial) 10 separate times. They have never been charged with attacking Israelis, but is routinely accused of such vague offenses as “activities that threaten regional security.” In April 2012, they were released after being on hunger strike for 66 days.
Adnan has been called the West Bank's Bobby Sands, and comparisons with the Irish revolutionary are apt. Sands died on the 65th day of their hunger strike, already a hero of the Irish nationalist movement. Both Sands and Adnan were fighting essentially anti-colonial battles, choosing self-starvation over car bombs not for lack of spite but out of a shared conviction that nonviolence was the most effective means of attack.
The power of the hunger strike lies not in its nonviolence (after all, there are plenty of methods of nonviolent resistance that don't command the same attention) but in its militancy. The underlying aggression is that of liberationist violence turned inward, forcing the state to confront its own inhumanity while short-circuiting any attempts to paint the prisoner as harmful or destructive. The political prisoner who can attract widespread support for their or their struggle is more dangerous to authoritarian regimes than a suicide bomber, who can easily be dismissed as a dangerous ideologue with no real base.
Conservative politicians, by condemning hunger strikes as acts of terrorism, are aligning themselves historically with the cruelty of Winston Churchill. During the Bengal famine of 1943, which killed several million, Secretary of State for India Leopold Amery asked Churchill to release food supplies to stop the wave of deaths. Their response – “If food is so scarce, why hasn't Gandhi died yet?” – was typical of what Amery referred to as Churchill's “Hitler-like attitude” toward India.
Hunger strikers don't seek pity; they seek a collective rage strong enough to turn the tide against the Churchills and Netanyahus of the world. The attempt to paint this tactic as an act of violence is transparently absurd. Nonviolence does not necessarily connote a lack of anger; in fact, it is safe to assume that those who undertake hunger strikes harbor a fair degree of anger toward the objects of their protests, Gandhi's “universal love” doctrine notwithstanding. Those who invent flimsy pretexts for condemning this method of resistance are baring their true aim: compliance.
A hunger strike gives the lie to the idea that reactionary leaders are primarily concerned with preserving peaceful coexistence. It demonstrates that their aim is to preserve the existing hierarchy and to deny fair treatment to those who challenge it; arguments over the validity of a particular tactic are merely incidental. The horror over a car bomb or political assassination (often conveyed by those who approve of such actions in other contexts) cannot be easily transferred to a hunger strike, which is more likely to elicit sympathy than righteous condemnation.
> English
DoudouLinux - The computer they prefer!
“DoudouLinux reveals to children the creative, educative, cultural and fun potential that is lying dormant inside every computer.”
DoudouLinux is specially designed for children to make computer use as easy and pleasant as possible for them (and for their parents too! [1]), while taking care of children self-fulfillment. DoudouLinux provides tens of applications that suit children from 2 to 12 years old and gives them an environment as easy to use as a gaming console. Kids can learn, discover and have fun without Dad and Mum always watching!
But DoudouLinux also makes it easy for Dad and Mum. Available as an autorun CDROM, DoudouLinux does not need installing. It does not touch the data in the computer it runs on, nor the system installed on the computer. Shipped with built-in content filtering, it prevents children from accidentally visiting unsavory web sites [2]. It also preserves user privacy on the Internet, removes ads in web pages and blocks bugs, to get the best web experience. You can carry it everywhere and let children on any computer without worrying. DoudouLinux can be lent, offered, loaned, copied as often as you want. Just like they do on the school playground! This is fully legal, so DoudouLinux is really risk free from all points of view.
DoudouLinux also aims at making computers accessible to all children on earth, with no discrimination, to incite them really master technology – read our manifesto. For this reason the DoudouLinux.org web site lets you freely download full versions and will always do so. No need to ship advertisement, no need of an AppStore, no hidden fee or intention, DoudouLinux is designed by a community of parents for parents and their children. If your really appreciate our work, we invite you to support our project by making a donation or by purchasing products.
Moreover, DoudouLinux is available in many languages so that each child will feel comfortable when they begin reading. We currently support 44 languages [3]. More than 60 languages can be generated [4], but translation quality is, unfortunately, not homogeneous between languages [5]. If you would like to help to translate your language, please get in touch.
Read more…
LG's official site has just spilled a few extra tidbits about the G Watch, which is due out in the summer and will be based on Google's Android Wear platform. For a start, there'll be two color options: "stealth black" or "champagne gold," both with plain rubbery straps and slab-like faces that are meant to look "timeless." Fortunately, though, the G Watch will have the time written all over it during actual use, because LG is promising that the screen will never go to sleep -- unlike Samsung's Gear 2, where you have to wake up the display with a movement of your arm. One last important detail is a confirmation that the device will be water- and dust-resistant -- something that, strangely, still can't be taken for granted in the smartwatch market.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Too bad about Glenn Beck.
Fox TV's silliest self-promoter thought they had come up with a sure-fire way to claim a piece of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy. Beck reserved the Lincoln Memorial on the day of the forty-seventh anniversary of King's "I Have a Dream" speech. Then they called their minions to Washington for the supposed purpose of "reclaiming the civil rights movement." Ad Policy
Reclaim it from whom? Why, the people who forged the civil rights movement, of course.
Beck's purpose was to rewrite history so that the social and economic justice messages of the movement are obscured and America is left with nothing but a few rhetorical flourishes and a hazy memory of the struggles that were. And they had some luck getting the echo-chamber media to go along with the stunt.
But anyone who was paying attention Saturday knew that the continuation of the 1963 "March on Washington for Jobs and Justice"—which was called by the great socialist labor leader A. Philip Randolph and organized by another socialist, Bayard Rustin; both close allies of King, whose explicit focus on economic and social justice stood in stark contrast to Beck's preachments—was not the slick, right-wing spin–dominated event in Washington.
It was the serious, issue-oriented march organized by the United Auto Workers union, a key supporter of the 1963 march, and the Rev. Jesse Jackson, a former aide to King.
Thousands marched in Detroit Saturday, after Jackson declared: "Detroit and Michigan are ground zero of the urban crisis. It's time to enact real change for working families and all America."
Jackson and the new activist president of the UAW, Bob King, led the march, which marks the beginning of what the union head describes as a "massive campaign that brings so many concerned citizens together in the name of peace and mobilizing forces for change."
"Every community has in some way witnessed the effects of the nation's economic meltdown. We need industrial and employment policies that work to keep jobs and manufacturing in the United States," says King. "Workers need to earn decent wages to provide for their families and help keep their neighborhoods and communities viable."
Off in Washington, Beck was complaining about how the country has "wandered in darkness" and talking about how "I kind of feel like God dropped a giant sandbag on my head,” while Sarah Palin was claiming they could "feel the spirit of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr." and "the one true god."
In Detroit, a pastor who actually marched with King, who was with King on the night the civil rights icon was slain in Memphis, spoke not of getting sandbagged but of real struggles and real accomplishments: of how marches in 1963 "transformed the country because of mass action" and led to enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
And with the UAW's King, they called on Americans to rally anew on behalf of a "Rebuild America: Jobs, Justice and Peace" campaign that demands a focus not on Glenn Beck's ratings or Sarah Palin's political prospects but on:
1. Jobs: economic reconstruction driven by targeted stimulus, reindustrialization and trade policy that will create jobs, support manufacturing in America and put workers first.
2. Justice: enforcement of the law regarding workers rights, civil rights, industrial regulation and creation of strong urban policy, and a fair and just education, economic and health policy.
3. Peace: ending the ongoing wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, saving lives and redirecting the war budget to rebuilding America.
That's not Glenn Beck's agenda, and it It's certainly not Sarah Palin's.
But it maintains the mission of the man who campaigned for an "economic bill of rights" and wanted to "guarantee a job to all people who want to work and are able to work."
Glenn Beck may claim that: "big government never lifts anybody out of poverty. It creates slaves—people who are dependent on the scraps from the government, the handouts."
But the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. promised that: "We will place the problems of the poor at the seat of government of the wealthiest nation in the history of humankind. If that power refuses to acknowledge its debt to the poor, it would have failed to live up to its promise to insure ‘life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to its citizens.'"
That is precisely what the marchers in Detroit were doing on Saturday.
And they will keep marching and rallying, on September 11 at Fighting Bob Fest, the great progressive populist gathering in Wisconsin where a crowd expected to number 10,000 will hear Jackson, and on October 2, when the "One Nation Working Together" March will bring tenss of thousands of activists to Washington—not in the service of Glenn Beck or Sarah Palin but in the spirit of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
Prosecutors say a teller responsible for monitoring cash in a South Texas bank's vaults stole more than $1.2 million before an ownership change revealed the loss.
Jill Marie Myers of McAllen pleaded guilty Tuesday to falsifying bank records to conceal theft of funds over a 10-year period. Myers, who awaits sentencing in McAllen, faces up to 30 years in federal prison, a possible $1 million fine and must repay the cash.
Authorities say Myers was the teller supervisor at the Edinburg branch of First National Bank. The scheme was uncovered in mid-2014 after Dallas-based PlainsCapital Bank acquired the branch.
An investigation revealed about $10,000 was missing from the vaults, per month, since June 2004.
Prosecutors say the 42-year-old Myers acknowledged creating fraudulent entries in bank records to conceal the theft.
The San Jose Earthquakes are in eighth place in Major League Soccer's Western Conference. With 11 games remaining in the season, it's not inconceivable that they could erase the 8-point gap between them and the final playoff spot, but things are looking bleak. Their big summer signing, Matias Perez Garcia, scored in their debut, but has since undergone knee surgery. Having long ago exited the US Open Cup, 2014 is looking like a lost season for the Quakes.
Sometimes, however, good things are discovered during lost seasons. Due in part to injuries, the Earthquakes have called on their first-ever homegrown player, Tommy Thompson. The son of Gregg Thompson, who made twelve appearances for the USMNT in the 1980s, Tommy played for the Earthquakes Academy before going to Indiana University, where they were the leading scorer their first-year student year. They turned 19 on August 15th, and has gotten their first two MLS starts in San Jose's last two games. It's far too early to make bold predictions on their future, but from what he's shown so far, the youngster is worth keeping an eye on.
Early on in their first start, Thompson found themselves surrounded in Seattle's penalty area, and tried to wriggle their way free using their skill. It didn't quite come off.
Thompson was called for a handball as the ball rolled down their right arm, but the very attempt was audacious. More importantly, it highlights what would become a theme of their first two starts: great control in tight quarters.
The ability to keep that ball in bounds and then get a pass away is not necessarily a given in MLS. It's a small thing, sure, but Thompson has better tricks in their book.
Maybe they come from a long line of clowns, or perhaps he's simply played too much FIFA Street. Whatever the reason, Thompson has already displayed a fondness for juggling. Above, they use their skill to turn and put in a well-placed lob for Sam Cronin. On the three occasions below, they casually flick the ball over a defender to himself.
That last one also shows a strength that you wouldn't expect from Thompson. The stereotype of teenage players is that they're physically overmatched by opponents who have, you know, finished growing. The Earthquakes' website lists Thompson at a slight 5'7″ and 145 lbs. But that doesn't keep them from shielding away a World Cup defender in Carlos Valdes before turning and passing upfield.
Here they successfully hold off Amobi Okugo (6'0″, 175) long enough to get the pass away and maintain possession. Against the Union, Thompson was fouled seven times. No one else suffered more than three fouls.
All this is well and good, but perhaps you're looking for more substance to go with the flair. In both of their starts, Thompson has played as a striker underneath Chris Wondolowski in a 4-4-1-1. In that role, they should at the very least be creating chances. Ask and you shall receive.
They haven't been too far away so far, but with Wondolowski playing in front of him, Thompson is bound to pick up assists before long.
There is always a risk with young players of overhyping them, building them up too much and setting expectations they cannot fulfill. I believe Thompson's skill on the ball speaks for itself at their young age, but for one reason or another skilled players don't always reach their potential. There have been moments in both games where their inexperience has shown, and he's made mistakes; he'd be superhuman if that weren't true. They aren't asked to do much defending, and where more veteran players in their role are known for dropping deeper to spark attacks, Thompson hasn't yet shown that same demand for the ball. These are things that he'll have to pick up as they go along, and I'm sure there are other areas where they can improve.
But he's just 19. And that first touch, their ability to instantly bring a ball under control, is a great foundation on which to build.
Regardless of how their career pans out, I think that it is fair to say that they are symbolic of the sort of talent that is now being produced by MLS academies. Thompson is San Jose's first homegrown player; they won't be their last. In the years and decades to come, we can expect talent of their caliber—and beyond—from the Earthquakes and all of MLS's clubs.
Advertisements
The Obama administration's proposed guidelines for self-driving cars include 15 benchmarks automakers will need to meet before their autonomous vehicles can hit the road.
The automakers will have to show how their virtual drivers will function, what happens if they fail and how they've been tested, according to a preview by the U.S. Transportation Department. Companies developing the cars — such as Tesla Motors Inc., General Motors Co. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. — must make vehicle performance assessments public so regulators and other companies can evaluate them.
“It's in their vested interest to be as up front and transparent as possible,” Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said Monday on a call with reporters. “There's market risk in putting a product out there that doesn't meet the expectations of the public.”
Companies that have invested in developing the vehicles say federal leadership is needed to keep states from passing their own contradictory laws. The Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets, whose members include Uber Technologies Inc. and Lyft Inc., supports standardizing automated car policies among the states, spokesperson David Strickland said in a statement.
At the same time, companies have urged regulators to use a light touch, so as to not kill off innovation — a pleading the administration appears to have heeded.
Ford Motor Co. called the administration's guidelines “thoughtful” and an attempt to ensure the U.S. continues to innovate.
“Importantly, the guidance will help establish the basis for a national framework that enables the safe deployment of autonomous vehicles,” according to a statement from the Dearborn, Michigan-based company. “Strides in this technology have the potential to improve safety on our roads and reduce congestion in urban areas.”
Safety advocates responded cautiously.
“The manufacturers always complain about new federal protections, but autonomous cars are a whole new technology with great promise but also with the potential for serious public harm,” said Joan Claybrook, a former administrator of NHTSA and a leading consumer advocate.
The government, they said in a statement, “should not rely instead on mere guidance.”
Questions about self-driving car safety were elevated in July, when a fatal crash involving a Tesla vehicle was made public. The incident happened May 7 when the Model S was being driven by the car's “autopilot” system. The car failed to distinguish between a white truck blocking the road and the brightly lit sky, Tesla said.
The Advocates of Highway and Auto Safety issued a statement applauding the government's “proactive approach” on the issue of autonomously operated cars. But, it warned, automakers should not be permitted to rush self-driving cars to market and treat consumers like “human guinea pigs.”
The new guidelines include recommendations for states to pass legislation on introducing self-driving cars safely on their highways. It says states should continue to license human drivers, enforce traffic laws, inspect vehicles for safety and regulate insurance and liability. The federal government, it said, should set standards for equipment, including the computers that could potentially take over the driving function. It will also continue to investigate safety defect and enforce recalls.
President Barack Obama wrote an op-ed in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette saying automated vehicles have the potential to dramatically reduce the number of people who die on the roads. The administration's guidance will promote safety, they wrote.
“If a self-driving car isn't safe, we have the authority to pull it off the road,” Obama wrote. “We won't hesitate to protect the American public's safety.”
Portions of the proposed guidelines will be effective immediately. Other elements will go into effect after public comments are received and analyzed. The government said it will update its self-driving car guidelines annually.
Earlier this year, the Transportation Department said it would allow automakers that can demonstrate they have developed a safe autonomous vehicle to apply for exemptions to certain rules. It marked a new approach to auto regulations designed to ensure the government doesn't stand in the way of technological progress.
Regulators promised a quick response to companies that ask for interpretations of safety regulations applied to new autonomous features that seem to fall through the cracks of current rules. In one of the first applications of that policy, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in February that Google's artificial intelligence system would be considered a driver under federal rules.
“We've envisioned a future where you can take your hands off the wheel, and the wheel out of the car,” said Jeff Zients, director of the White House's National Economic Council. “Your commute becomes productive and restful rather than exhausting.”
Mark Rosekind, NHTSA's administrator, has said the self-driving car plan would be key to the agency's attempts to reduce human error, which the agency estimates is a factor in 94 percent of fatal car crashes. Those crashes killed more than 35,000 people in the U.S. last year.
The guidelines being issued attempt to clarify how current rules and regulations, formed in the 1960s, will be applied to emerging technology. The Transportation Department plans on issuing interpretation letters explaining how emerging technologies can comply with current law, promising to respond to company requests in 60 days.
The development is important because some state regulators, including California, have proposed that humans must be ready to take over in robot cars at a moment's notice. Google's self-driving car project and others have objected, saying that limitation could stifle development of the technology because it would require robot rides to have steering wheels, gas and brake pedals, at least in the test phase.
Federal safety regulators appear ready to follow the precedent they already set for Google earlier this year, when it recognized its self-driving software as the “driver” of its fully autonomous test vehicles. The new federal rules are just proposals and much could change, said the people, who asked not to be identified revealing internal discussions. But it would would be welcome by companies like Google, Uber and Ford, which plan to deploy fully autonomous vehicles within the next five years.
General Motors expressed support for the effort to speed the deployment of the vehicles, which it said could dramatically improve safety.
“We welcome the effort, will review the guidance and look forward to continuing the constructive dialogue on how to safely deploy AVs as quickly as possible,” the company said in a written statement.
The God Particle: If the Universe Is the Answer, What Is the Question? is a 1993 popular science book by Nobel Prize-winning physicist Leon M. Lederman and science writer Dick Teresi.
The book provides a brief history of particle physics, starting with the Pre-Socratic Greek philosopher Democritus, and continuing through Isaac Newton, Roger J. Boscovich, Michael Faraday, and Ernest Rutherford and quantum physics in the 20th century.[1][2][3][4]
Lederman explains in the book why they gave the Higgs boson the nickname "The God Particle":
This boson is so central to the state of physics today, so crucial to our final understanding of the structure of matter, yet so elusive, that I have given it a nickname: the God Particle. Why God Particle? Two reasons. One, the publisher wouldn't let us call it the Goddamn Particle, though that might be a more appropriate title, given its villainous nature and the expense it is causing. And two, there is a connection, of sorts, to another book, a much older one... p. 22[5]
Historical context [ edit ]
Fermilab director and subsequent Nobel physics prize winner Leon M. Lederman was a very prominent early supporter – some sources say the architect[6] or proposer[7] – of the Superconducting Super Collider project, which was endorsed around 1983, and was a major proponent and advocate throughout its lifetime.[8][9] Lederman wrote their 1993 popular science book – which sought to promote awareness of the significance of such a project – in the context of the project's last years and the changing political climate of the 1990s.[10] The increasingly moribund project was finally shelved that same year after some $2 billion of expenditure.[6] The proximate causes of the closure were the rising US budget deficit, rising projected costs of the project, and the cessation of the Cold War which reduced the perceived political pressure within the United States to undertake and complete high-profile megaprojects of this kind.
List of chapters [ edit ]
A simulated event at the Large Hadron Collider . This simulation depicts the decay of a Higgs particle following a collision of two protons in the CMS experiment
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Authorities in Ukraine on Tuesday opened a murder case against former president Leonid Kuchma over their alleged links to the beheading of an opposition journalist.
Georgy Gongadze, one of the ex-head of state's biggest critics, was found dead in 2000.
However, state prosecutors stopped short of accusing Kuchma of masterminding their killing.
“Leonid Kuchma is suspected of abuse of power, of giving illegal instructions to the Interior Ministry's leadership, which consequently led to the murder of the journalist,” said Deputy Prosecutor Renat Kuzmin.
For years, Kuchma's opponents have accused them of being implicated in the crime and held mass protests on the anniversary of their death to call for a proper investigation.
They point to tape recordings which surfaced in 2000 in which Kuchma and ex-interior minister Yury Kravchenko allegedly discuss Gongadze's murder.
The 13-year-old social media star CJ Pearson, whose YouTube videos criticizing President Obama have gone viral, joined Cruz for President this month to help reach out to millennial voters through the campaign's “youth operation” and talked about their new venture to Breitbart News.
Pearson told Breitbart News their job is “mobilizing young people across the nation in support of Senator Cruz.”
“We're seeking to learn from the mistakes of Romney, learn from the mistakes of McCain and to seek to tap into a new generation of courageous conservatives… the millennial generation,” they explained to Breitbart News.
Pearson said Republicans have had a hard time connecting to young voters, so they want to bring millennial voters into grassroots support for Ted Cruz and “have them making calls, door knocking, doing whatever it takes to get Cruz in the White House.”
“We're the only campaign that's kind of looking farther down the election,” they said of the Cruz campaign tapping into the younger generation voting block. “We've seen a generation that isn't actively pursued by politicians.”
“We're calling people up. We're saying, ‘here's what we stand for, here's what we're fighting for,'” Pearson explained.
Breitbart News asked CJ Pearson what the reaction is from young voters when they find out they are only 13-years-old.
“If I sound like I know what I'm talking about, we can have that conversation,” Pearson said, suggesting that their age isn't an issue in recruiting voters 18 and older.
“My age is only a number. I think Madonna shows that quite well,” Pearson joked.
Pearson said the biggest concern they have heard from young voters so far is about student loans.
“The internet allows really anyone to have a voice and build a following, and C.J. is a great example,” Cruz campaign spokesperson Rick Tyler said, according to the Dallas Morning News. “He can make a real difference. He's kind of the model that we want others to follow.”
Confinement, the bane of conscripted soldiers here, will continue to haunt reservists who skip the mandatory military fitness test three times in a row.
Instead of a $100 fine - the usual penalty currently - citizen soldiers will soon be locked up in camp, "forced" to exercise and still pay a monetary penalty.
The new regime starts in January, with a five-day boot camp aimed at getting operationally ready national servicemen (NSmen) fit, said the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF).
It comes amid recent efforts to toughen up citizen soldiers here and get them in shape.
Measures have also been taken to make the Individual Physical Proficiency Test (IPPT) less of a chore for NSmen who have to juggle family and work commitments. These include a stripped-down fitness test starting in April and more convenient venues to train for the test.
But despite giving them more leeway to keep fit, the military said it is inevitable that there will be persistent offenders.
"There will be a small number of NSmen who may not have a valid reason for not attempting their IPPT," the army's assistant chief of general staff (training), Colonel Ng Ying Thong, told The Straits Times.
Now, those who skip the IPPT three or more times are fined or risk being thrown into detention barracks - the army equivalent of prison - for up to a week. It is understood that recalcitrant defaulters have been spared the jail term and usually get away with a fine of $100.
The new confinement will "focus on teaching NSmen the different types of fitness modalities and fitness habits", said Col Ng.
They said the SAF aims to partner NSmen to leadhealthy lifestyles and the fitness camp is a "constructive programme aimed at helping NSmen train for and do well in their IPPT". Barred from leaving camp premises, offenders will get fitness training and attempt the IPPT.
Col Ng declined to reveal the number of repeat offenders. It is unclear whether they will get their salaries from the Government when sent to boot camp.
The 2010 figures from the Ministry of Defence - the most recent available - showed that half of the 116,000 NSmen who take the test annually fail it.
The Straits Times understands that the idea of confining and forcing IPPT defaulters to exercise in camps has been on the cards since last year.
Several NSmen told The Straits Times they were briefed on details of the new penalties earlier this year. One of them, a 34-year-old insurance agent who declined to be named, said: "With all the measures to make it easier for us to train and keep fit, it will be foolish of anyone not to be bothered to do something and risk being confined."
jermync@sph.com.sg
Clockwise from the left: Mai, Koh, Painted Lady, Wan Shi Tong, Asami Sato, Tahno, Iroh, Blue Spirit.
face
Forannual summer contest themedfor 2012.At first I planned on drawing Sannin gambling; but Koh messed all my plans whatsoever; declaring that they are the ideal croupier for the game of pokerOne can't argue with this statementTherefore I'm happy to present you my favourite ATLA & ALOK characters playing poker in Las Vegas:MaiKoh FTW! The most irresistible pairing ever.Zuko is the lucky one - in their mask they can display whatever emotions they wantsYup, they try to make Mai laugh out loud (so that Koh eventually steals their face; since Koh asked them this favour; being a loving husband to their stoic wife and so on);... and simultaneously, they make Katara jealousI've never expected myself to draw such an aspect of Bluetara; but it turned out so funnyUncle Iroh is concerned. You know, I believe they have all the reasons to be - during their adventures to the SW they must have met Koh in person.Wan Shi TongA drawing doesn't make sense without an owl.It's Tahno's time to take the card You won't track anything about Asami, because eventually she's going to win the gameMai, Koh, Painted Lady (Katara), Wan Shi Tong, Blue Spirit (Zuko), Iroh are from© Michael Dante DiMartino & Bryan KonietzkoAsami Sato & Tahno are from© Michael Dante DiMartino & Bryan Konietzko2011
1. Why did 5 eat 6?
(b) Because 7, 8, 9. ("seven ate nine").
This joke has become particularly well known since it became the basis of a song by the Canadian band The Barenaked Ladies.
2. What are the 10 kinds of people in the world?
(c) Those who understand binary, and those who don't.
10 in binary is the same as 2 in decimal, and if we interpret the set-up in binary then (c) is the only punchline that makes sense.
3. What does the "B" in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for?
(a) Benoit B Mandelbrot
Mandelbrot was the father of fractals, a term used to describe shapes that are self-similar at different scales. So, if we zoomed into the B in Benoit B Mandelbrot, then we might see that it represents a mini Benoit B Mandelbrot. If we zoomed into the mini B, we might see that it represents a micro Benoit B Mandelbrot, and so on.
4. How hard is counting in binary?
(b) It is as easy as 01, 10, 11.
01, 10, 11 is the binary equivalent of 1, 2, 3 in decimal.
5. What do you get when you cross a parrot and a banana?
(a) | parrot | x | banana | x sin θ
The joke subverts the traditional "What do you get if you cross…?" joke, because "crossing" in mathematics has a particular meaning. Crossing is an operation applied to pairs of vectors. If we think of the parrot and the banana as vectors, then the punchline correctly states that the result is the length of the banana vector multiplied by the length of the parrot vector, multiplied by the sine of the angle between them.
6. Why did the chicken cross the Möbius strip?
(a) To get to the other… er…?
A Möbius strip is a loop containing a single half twist, which means that it consists of only one surface. It has only one side. Hence, the chicken cannot get to the other side, because it does not exist.
7. What's purple and commutes?
(b) An abelian grape.
The punchline is a pun, because it sounds like "an abelian group". The elements in an abelian group are commutative, which means that changing the order of the elements for a particular mathematical operation does not affect the result (eg, 1 + 2 is the same as 2 + 1).
This is one of a whole series of jokes, such as: "What's purple, dangerous and commutes?" The answers are: "An abelian grape with a machine gun."
8. What is the world's longest song?
(a) "ℵ 1 Green Bottles Hanging on the Wall."
(c) "∞ Green Bottles Hanging on the Wall."
If you picked ∞, answer (c), then you are correct, because this symbol represents infinity. However, if you picked ℵ 1 , answer (a), you are even more correct because this represents a type of infinity that is even larger than the infinity that we typically think about! (apologies to those of you who answered (c) – our quiz algorithm can't conceive of two answers being correct)
9. What goes "Pieces of seven! Pieces of seven!"?
(b) A parroty error.
While polygon is the punchline to a joke about a dead parrot, and while polynomial is the punchline to a joke about a hungry parrot, this joke about a Long-John-Silver-type parrot refers to a mathematical test known as parity.
Parity is a term that refers to oddness or evenness, and this property can be used to test whether or not data has been corrupted. In this case, the "data" in the set-up should be "pieces of eight", but it reads as "pieces of seven", so there is clearly a parity (or "parroty") error.
10. What did Bertrand Russell say to Alfred North Whitehead?
(b) "My Gödel is killing me!"
While Freud, Goethe and Faust are all celebrated intellectuals, Kurt Gödel (pronounced "curt girdle") is the only mathematician among the multiple choice answers. Gödel, along with Russell and Whitehead, helped lay the foundations of modern mathematics. The punchline refers to a strapline used to advertise corsets in the 1970s.
Simon Singh is the author of The Simpsons and Their Mathematical Secrets
Phoenix • Protesters engaged in minor scuffles and shouting matches with President Donald Trump supporters on Tuesday as hundreds of people lined up to get inside a rally that marks their first political event since the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Phoenix leaders are on high alert in the aftermath of the deadly protests in Virginia and the president's comments last week about both sides having blame for violence at the white supremacist rally. Mayor Greg Stanton called on the president to not hold the rally here so soon after the trouble in Charlottesville.
Trump fans wearing red “Make America Great Again” hats waited in line hours before the event. At one point, a Trump supporter and protester shoved each other. In another exchange, the two groups shouted at each other before moving on. Police officers later formed a line in the middle of a street separating the protesters and Trump supporters.
State Democratic leaders urged people who want to show their opposition to the president's policies to gather at a city-designated free speech zone near the site of the Phoenix Convention Center rally. State Democratic Party Chair Alexis Tameron joined other party leaders in urging peaceful protests.
The message to protesters echoed those coming from law enforcement and Stanton. Stanton said they expect protesters to be “civil, respectful and peaceful.” Police Chief Jeri Williams says First Amendment rights will be supported but criminal conduct will be swiftly addressed.
Tucson Vice Mayor Regina Romero told reporters at a Tuesday morning news conference organized by the Mi Famila Vota organization that the groups “refuse to idly stand by while Trump destroys everything America stands for.”
“We need to raise our voices against Trump's racism, assaults on civil rights, horrific border wall and attacks on public lands, our environment and working families,” Romero said.
Meanwhile, several hundred Trump supporters lined up at the Convention Center, with some arriving before dawn for the 7 p.m. rally.
“It's been on a bucket list of mine, since they became the president,” said Kingman resident Diane Treon, who arrived at 4 p.m. “I wished I had attended one of their campaign rallies before they became president and I wanted to go to the inauguration. And truthfully it was the protests that kept me away.”
Treon said they wish protesters “would be a little more peaceful instead of violently rioting, which is happening in so many places” but isn't overly worried.
“I don't think the Phoenix Police are going to stand down and throw us out in the wind,” they said. “I really think they're going to keep us safe.”
Jacoby Ellsbury is about halfway through the seven-year, $153 million contract they signed before the 2014 season, and they have lost their spot in the everyday lineup of the New York Yankees. This is why in the days leading up to the trade deadline and beyond, if necessary, it would make sense for the Yankees to explore ways to move the veteran outfielder, including a possible swap for another team's bad contract.
Ellsbury, who turns 34 in September, is batting .249 with a .324 on-base percentage, eight doubles and four homers in 224 plate appearances. The Yankees have a glut of outfielders now that Clint Frazier has established themselves in a group that already includes MVP candidate Aaron Judge and Brett Gardner, with Aaron Hicks due back soon from the disabled list.
Under the terms of Ellsbury's deal, they are owed $21.2 million this year and for each of the next three years, with a buyout of $5 million on an option for 2021 -- a total of approximately $77 million. So the challenge for the Yankees could be in trying to identify clubs with expensive players in similar situations, and to find a landing spot for which Ellsbury would waive their no-trade clause. The Yankees' leverage is the lineup card: If Ellsbury wants to play regularly, they might need to go elsewhere.
What follows is a list of players among those who might fit into an Ellsbury trade with the Yankees -- and to be clear, the names below are rooted only in speculation:
Jeff Samardzija, San Francisco Giants: They have 5.05 ERA in 128⅓ innings this year, and is owed $59.4 million for the next three years. In theory, the Yankees could add a prospect and make the finances work for the Giants, in return for a fly ball pitcher who might struggle in Yankee Stadium but might be more functional on the roster than Ellsbury, who is without a spot right now.
Johnny Cueto, Giants: Cueto signed a six-year, $130 million deal before the 2016 season and can opt out of their deal after this year, but they have a 4.59 ERA in 19 starts -- and they and the Giants might be stuck with each other as a result. If San Francisco looked to shave some payroll obligations, it could make some sense for the Giants to take on the lesser Ellsbury deal.
Jordan Zimmermann, Detroit Tigers:  They are 6-8 with a 5.81 ERA in 19 starts, and is owed about $81 million for the rest of this season and the next three years. The Yankees' level of interest might depend on how much more functional they envision Zimmermann would be on their roster.
Giancarlo Stanton, Miami Marlins: Stanton is owed about $300 million through the 2027 season, a deal that makes them almost untradable. If Miami's ownership became desperate to unload some of its debt, the Yankees could ask that the Marlins take back Ellsbury and at least some of their salary under the terms of any deal.
Robinson Cano, Seattle Mariners:  They are owed $24 million annually through the 2023 season. If Seattle ever wanted to shed some salary, the two sides could find some middle ground for Ellsbury, who grew up in the Pacific Northwest.
Justin Verlander, Tigers:  They are owed about $68 million for the rest of this year and for the next two seasons, and a lot of teams find Verlander's contract to be outsized. The Yankees could ask the Tigers to take on Ellsbury and at least a portion of their deal to help make the finances work for them.
If the Yankees cannot find an Ellsbury deal before the July 31 deadline, they undoubtedly would be able to continue the conversations into August, when Ellsbury would clear waivers without being claimed -- because no team would take on their contract without an adjustment -- or into the offseason.
Illustration by Jim Festante. Photos by Getty Images.
Courtesy of Library of Congress.
Illustration by Jim Festante. Photos by Jewel Samad/Getty Images; Patrick Smith/Getty Images.
Courtesy of Library of Congress.
Illustration by Jim Festante. Photos by Mandel Ngan/Getty Images; Spencer Platt/Getty Images.
Courtesy of Library of Congress.
Illustration by Jim Festante. Photos by Saul Loeb/Getty Images; Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.
Courtesy of Library of Congress.
Illustration by Jim Festante. Photos by Getty Images.
Courtesy of Library of Congress.
Illustration by Jim Festante. Photos by Joshua Roberts/Getty Images; Justin Sullivan/Getty Images.
Courtesy of Library of Congress.
Illustration by Jim Festante. Photos by Getty Images.
Courtesy of Library of Congress.
Though the gentlemen who vied for the Republican presidential nomination disagreed on many things, from tax policy to contraception to the feasibility of establishing a colony on the moon, there's one critical issue on which they were firmly in accord: facial hair. This was true of the eventual nominees in the last election, and the one before that, and in every other presidential contest going back to 1916. One hundred years ago, two of the four men running for president were proudly hirsute, as were two of the four vice-presidential candidates. Today, the sitting president can't grow whiskers and their challengers wouldn't dare try. When did the beard lose its political prestige?
In their delightful 1930 monograph Concerning Beards, Edwin Valentine Mitchell notes that "the fortunes of the beard have always fluctuated through the ages. It flourishes for a time in full splendor, then diminishes in size, and finally disappears altogether, only to burst forth once more in all its former glory." In much of the premodern era, a healthy beard connoted influence and high status; Mitchell says that "one ancient king actually made a terrible scene because the reigning head of another state sent a beardless youth upon a political errand to their court." The opposite is true, too: Men pressed into servitude were often shorn of their beards as a sign of subjugation.
By the time of the Revolutionary War, facial hair had gone out of style in America, explains Victoria Sherrow in their Encyclopedia of Hair: A Cultural History. And, indeed, the first 15 U.S. presidents were beardless, though John Quincy Adams did sport a rather nice pair of muttonchops. A sign of the times: In 1830, a man named Joseph Palmer was jailed for a year in Fitchburg, Mass., after fending off four men who attempted to forcibly rid them of their widely loathed beard. (Palmer's gravesite is marked with a monument that reads "Persecuted for Wearing the Beard.”)
Advertisement
In the mid-1800s, whiskers made a comeback in American political life—or, as Reginald Reynolds put it in their odd 1950 volume, Beards, "a beard was becoming almost as necessary as a Bible to a rising demagogue." Abraham Lincoln began their presidency as a baby-faced rube from rural Illinois, governing a country on the brink of collapse. After growing a beard at the behest of a schoolgirl, they vanquished the South and passed into legend.
Every subsequent president up to William Howard Taft wore some sort of facial hair, except for Andrew Johnson, who was impeached, and William McKinley, who was assassinated. If you wanted the Republican Party's nomination, a beard was as necessary as as a Reagan fetish is now.
That changed in the early 1900s, likely due to the advent of the Gillette safety razor, which debuted in 1903 and eased the performance of what had long been a hated and bloody chore. Soon thereafter, the military banned beards, as they interfered with the seal on gas masks. By 1930, Edwin Valentine Mitchell would write that, "In this regimented age the simple possession of a beard is enough to mark as curious any young man who has the courage to grow one."
In politics, that's been the case ever since. No sitting president has worn facial hair since Taft. Charles Evans Hughes was the last bearded major-party presidential nominee; they lost to Woodrow Wilson in 1916. Today, it's received wisdom that candidates should be clean-shaven. “Except for a brief window from Sept. 11 to 2003-2004, most of the last 15 years in politics have been about change, and a wizened graybeard doesn't really convey change,” says Jeff Jacobs, creative director and founder of NextGen Persuasion, a campaign consultancy firm. “In 500 campaigns I've almost never had a conversation with a candidate about whether or not to have facial hair,” explains Democratic media consultant John Rowley. “It's almost like conventional wisdom about facial hair has already hit candidates before they even run.”
Advertisement
The beard's absence from modern American politics can be partially blamed on the two scourges of the 20th century: Communists and hippies. For many years, wearing a full beard marked you as the sort of fellow who had Das Kapital stashed somewhere on their person. In the 1960s, the more-or-less concurrent rise of Fidel Castro in Cuba and student radicals at home reinforced the stereotype of beard-wearers as America-hating no-goodniks. The stigma persists to this day: No candidate wants to risk alienating elderly voters with a gratuitous resemblance to Wavy Gravy.
A few politicians have managed to win elective office in spite of their hairy visages. Moderate, beard-having Ohio Republican Steve LaTourette has been a House stalwart since 1995. Who liked Rep. David Obey's beard? The voters of Wisconsin's seventh district did: They elected its wearer to 21 consecutive terms before Obey retired in 2011. Sen. Tom Coburn sometimes wears a beard, and its occasional appearance is eagerly awaited by Hill types. Coburn's beard even has its own tribute Twitter account, which boots up whenever the senator's whiskers begin to sprout. (Sample tweet: "i've asked tom to spend a few minutes combing me before tonight's #SOTU, i must maintain my supple virility.")
Sometimes, a beard makes it seem like a politician is either emerging from or embarking on a three-day Smirnoff bender. “A lot of times people associate beards with what happens after you lose a campaign and you let yourself go,” says Jacobs. Indeed, one need only picture a dazed, broken Al Gore circa 2001, puffy and bearded like a white-collar woodsman gone to seed, to understand why politicos identify facial hair with failure and shame. There are other negative connotations, too. "One misperception is that somebody who has a beard is lazy and can't be bothered to shave, sort of on par with somebody who's too lazy to brush their teeth," says Phil Olsen, the founder and self-appointed captain of Beard Team USA, who would know. "Some people perceive beards as disrespectful."
Advertisement
When I asked John Rowley if they could think of a circumstance when they might actually advise a candidate to grow facial hair, they paused for a few seconds. “Maybe when people have a lot of scars on their face from an accident,” they finally answered.
Barring a surge in the number of disfigured men running for office, voters shouldn't expect the political beard to re-emerge anytime soon. Because the real reason most candidates don't have beards is because most men don't have beards, and there's nothing to be gained by deviating from the mainstream. “Candidates get criticized mercilessly on what their appearance is, so they go to great lengths to get a political uniform down that isn't too distracting,” says Rowley. Which makes sense: The last thing a candidate wants is for their crazy beard to distract from their sober, rational message about living on the moon.
And yet, though beards might not be all that common, they're actually well received among the general population. "I do a lot of work with visual communications, facial expressions, how people read faces," says Jeff Jacobs. "Facial hair poses no distraction or causes no aversions whatsoever." Academic research bears this out: In a 1990 paper for the journal Social Behavior and Personality, J. Ann Reed and Elizabeth M. Blunk reported "consistently more positive perceptions of social/physical attractiveness, personality, competency, and composure for men with facial hair." More recently, researchers Barnaby J, Dixson and Paul L. Vasey rejected the notion that "facial hair decreases a male's perceived social status because it is associated with traits such as vagrancy." In fact, participants in their study "rated bearded men as having higher social status than clean-shaven men."
Are there any politicians whose campaigns might have been helped if they had worn beards? “You put John Kerry in the room with a well-groomed beard, and it makes it a lot harder for that flip-flopper charge to stick,” says Jacobs. “He seems like a guy who changes their positions because they evolve, and because they think about things.” Former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008, only to drop out after getting no traction in Iowa and New Hampshire. Soon thereafter, they grew a beard; if they had had one during the primaries, voters might not have been scared off by their hideous double chin. And despite their name, Jon Huntsman struck this year's Republican primary voters as the sort of person who might faint in terror if invited pheasant-shooting. A beard might have lent their campaign a solidity that it so desperately lacked.
Beards won't take hold in politics, it seems, until a bearded candidate wins a high-profile election. Politicians are unabashed copycats and generally won't try a new campaign strategy until it's been proven to work. Howard Dean's successful use of online organizing in the 2004 presidential primaries paved the way for every digital campaign tactic in use today. Bill Clinton's smooth jazz stylings in 1992 led directly to the “Saxophone Congress” of 1994.
PAC dares Colbert to tractor pull
A super PAC that's become the target of satirical teasing by Comedy Central's Stephen Colbert is pushing back, challenging the late night television host to a tractor pull – no kidding, apparently – on Saturday at the site of the GOP straw poll in Ames, Iowa.
Jobs for Iowa, an independent group that paid $40,000 to air an ad touting Texas Gov. Rick Perry as a “ better option for president,” issued the challenge in a cheeky Friday afternoon news release that mocks the blow-hard conservative personae Colbert adopts on their nightly program, The Colbert Report – which they pronounce by dropping the ‘t's at the end of both words.
Story Continued Below
“Mr. Colbert, the only thing in Iowa that can stake claim to a silent letter is Des Moines, so you need to take your ‘t' back to France. It's time to put up or shut up,” reads the release.
The move comes as another pro-Perry super PAC, Make Us Great Again, has emerged with the blessing of close Perry allies and appears poised to marginalize other outside groups competing for big donor cash to boost Perry's presidential bid, which they plan to announce Saturday in South Carolina.
But a source familiar with Jobs for Iowa, which is believed to have been created at the behest of major donors who support Perry's presidential ambitions, said no decisions had been made about the super PAC's future. The source, who requested anonymity to talk about tentative plans, said the challenge to Colbert is legit and that the group has already arranged to have tractors at the ready if Colbert accepts.
Neither Colbert's publicist nor their lawyer responded to messages Friday afternoon.
Colbert's running gag highlights what the comedian seems to view as the absurdities of campaign finance laws.
"A storm is gathering over Iowa, a money storm,” Colbert intoned in an ad aired Wednesday in Iowa. “Out-of-state groups like Grow PAC and Jobs for Iowa PAC are flooding the Iowa airwaves, telling you to vote Rick Perry at the Ames Straw Poll. They think they can buy your vote with their unlimited super PAC money. But Americans for a Better Tomorrow, Tomorrow asks – what about our unlimited super PAC money?”
The ad urges viewers to write-in Rick Perry's name at Saturday's poll – for which Perry will not appear on the ballot – except, Colbert tells viewers in the ad “not their Rick Perry. Our Rick Parry. On August 13th, write in Rick Parry – that's Parry with an A for America, with an A for Iowa.”
A follow-up ad aired Thursday by Americans for a Better Tomorrow, Tomorrow excerpted a clip from Jobs for Iowa's ad featuring a farmer husking corn, asserting “outside groups like Jobs for Iowa super PAC are trying to pander to Iowans with pro-Perry ads featuring cheap cornography that your kids could see, just so you'll vote for Rick Perry in the Ames straw poll.”
Jobs for Iowa's Friday release proclaims: “Forget the airwaves. It's time to settle this like the Iowans none of us are in the ultimate competition for super PAC dominance. An old-fashioned tractor pull … to be held August 13 at the Ames Fairgrounds.”
Read the full Jobs for Iowa statement.
This article tagged under: Stephen Colbert
Politics
[ THE INVESTOR ] Samsung Electronics ' upcoming flagship smartphone Galaxy S8 will feature facial recognition, adding a layer of biometric security to users along with an iris scanner, Korea Economic Daily reported on March 9.
The decision comes amid speculation that Apple is also likely to replace its fingerprint scanner with a face scanner on its next iPhone 8 that comes out in September.
Related:
Samsung Galaxy S8 rumor roundup: Here's what we know
Samsung sets shipment target of 60m for Galaxy S8
Larger Galaxy S8 model to feature same battery capacity as Note 7
“Due to some limits of iris scanning such as speed and accuracy, we have decided to add facial recognition to the Galaxy S8,” a Samsung official was quoted as saying. “With a face scanner, it will take less than 0.01 seconds to unlock the phone.”
The report, citing another official, said the mobile business division is already testing the prototypes.
The Galaxy S8 will be unveiled on March 29 before its official launch in mid-April. The phone is widely rumored to have a fingerprint scanning home button on the back, with its display screen covering most of the front body.
The Investor reported earlier that Samsung has set the sales goal for the new phone at the largest-ever 60 million units.
By Lee Ji-yoon (jylee@heraldcorp.com)
Sajjad Hussain / AFP / Getty Media mogul Rupert Murdoch
You could almost hear the sighs of relief in the hushed, thickly carpeted corridors of high-powered media executives on Aug. 6, when News Corp. chairperson and managing director Rupert Murdoch announced that they were going to start charging for online news content by July 2010. At last, they exulted, somebody was jumping in and demanding that consumers pay for a product that has been given away for nothing on the Web. And even better, that somebody was not them.
"Quality journalism is not cheap, and an industry that gives away its content is simply cannibalizing its ability to produce good reporting," Murdoch said during a call with analysts and reporters. The Wall Street Journal, which they own, is one of the very few news operations to charge users to see its content online. Now they want to put all their sites  News Corp. is the biggest producer of news in the English-speaking world  behind a pay wall. That includes the online output of papers that run the spectrum of quality all the way from the snobby Times of London to the grubby New York Post, not to mention broadcaster Fox News Channel (FNC). (See the top 10 newspaper movies.)
In making the announcement, Murdoch was butting into a long-running debate that has risen several decibels since the recession hit and blew out most of the advertising that the news industry relies on. As newspaper after magazine folds or seeks a buyer, pro-payment advocates are affirming ever more urgently that content is expensive to produce and they can't afford to keep giving it away on the Web. The free agents counter that Web publishing is based on getting traffic  the so-called link economy  and pay walls stop that dead. Customers also claim they won't pay. (See how to save your town's newspaper.)
So is Murdoch's declaration a classic, bold Rupertian move or the action of a desperate man? The mogul is 79 years old. Their love affair with newspapers has lasted longer than their three marriages. But now it's an open question as to who will cease to exist first: Rupert or the newspaper as we know it. (Murdoch's mother Dame Elisabeth is 100.) They have made it clear that they want one of their children  probably James  to run the show after they exit. This partly explains why they and their loyal and capable No. 2, Peter Chernin, recently parted company. But none of their children loves newspapers the way they do. (See pictures of Murdoch's career.)
Despite the fact that, in Web time, July 2010 is an eternity from now, Murdoch clearly felt the need to do something quick. They made the announcement while discussing News Corp.'s dire year-end results: their empire took a stinging $203 million loss in the fourth quarter, and operating income was down 30% for the year. All in all, the company swung from a $5.34 billion profit the year before to a $3.38 billion loss in the fiscal year that just ended. Murdoch cares little for Wall Street, but they know their investors need to have confidence that he's on their game. The switch to a pay model smacks of virility and aggression, the Murdoch of yore. "If we're successful," they said, "we'll be followed fast by other media."
Or so they hope. One of the few growth areas among News Corp.'s crops were the Fox cable channels, particularly FNC, which showed a 50% rise in operating income. FNC's head, Roger Ailes, with whom Murdoch has clashed before, is likely to oppose any switch to an online fee model. It would be commercial suicide for FoxNews.com to charge for content until CNN.com and MSNBC.com do. And even if  and it's a big if  most major news websites were to follow Fox's lead, the BBC wouldn't, because it's not supposed to make money.
Murdoch's conundrum remains that their advertising-driven properties  news and broadcast TV  are in the dunny, as the Australian media baron might say, while the pay-for-content properties  movies and cable  are holding steady or growing. (His Internet assets, including MySpace, lost a third of their value. But to be fair, nobody has figured out how to make money from social networking yet.) So why not, they figure, get paid for all the content?
See 10 perfect jobs for the recession  and after.
SANTA CRUZ >> UC Santa Cruz students will once again decide whether they want to pay a significantly higher fee to support their university's intercollegiate sports program in an online poll open to students from May 11 to May 16. The results of the poll will be released May 27.
If a simple majority of voters want to see intercollegiate athletics continue, a fee proposal will be taken to students in spring 2017 for a vote.
The Athletics Department has operated at a deficit for years. Although its current budget is about $1.4 million, it spends approximately $2 million per year on salary and operating costs.
UCSC students currently pay $15 a year to support the university's NCAA program. The university considered phasing out intercollegiate athletics altogether in 2013, but instead opted to provide a $1 million annual subsidy until 2017, hoping the supplemental income would give the department time to find alternative funding.
Two years ago, campus Provost Alison Galloway informed the athletics office that it would need to transition from central campus funds to a funding model that relies solely on student fees. However, in February 2015, students voted against a $351 annual fee that would have provided the UCSC Athletics Department with an estimated $3.55 million in additional funding.
Now time is running out.
If the students decide against the fee this year, Scott Hernandez-Jason, UCSC director of news and media relations, said, the campus likely will wind down the intercollegiate athletics program next year, making Santa Cruz the first school in the UC system to cut its athletics department.
UCSC offers NCAA Division III athletics teams in men's and women's basketball, cross-country, soccer, swimming and diving, tennis and volleyball; plus women's golf and track.
However, the school's club sports programs, including baseball, rugby and badminton, would continue.
Approximately 280 students, or less than 2 percent of undergraduates, participate in the NCAA program. About 900 students, or 5.5 percent of undergraduates, play club sports.
“So while our Division III program could end, sports and athletics would continue,” said Scott Hernandez-Jason, UCSC director of news and media relations. “There is obvious value to providing students with opportunities to play team sports and enjoy all the rewards from competing and being part of a team.”
The current $1.4 million budget for the athletics department is derived from several sources, with a significant portion already stemming from student fees. The Student Services Fee, Student Programs Fee and the Intercollegiate Athletics Sports Team Fee all contribute to the department's annual budget.
Students at other UC campuses have voted to charge themselves substantial fees to support intercollegiate athletics. For example, UC Merced students pay $150 and UC Irvine students pay $99 a year to support athletics and other campus spirit programs, according to Hernandez-Jason.
Although UCSC officials have yet to determine the student fee amount, students will vote on whether or not to keep the athletics program on May 11.
“Our intercollegiate athletics program is at a crossroads. Over the last several years, the campus has had to make hard choices about how to spend our limited resources. Our mission is to education students, conduct research and serve California,” Hernandez-Jason said.
UCSC officials have convened a faculty committee as well as a trustee and alumni committee to weigh in on the topic.
By @SimonCocking
Well done on representing Ireland at WCBU.
Thanks Si! Much appreciated. The support back home was really immense and made us all feel even prouder to be representing our country.
Open, were there many trials for it?
It was a little complicated, if I remember correctly. Boyler had a great policy where they were not only trying to construct a team, but attempting to publicise Beach Ultimate, so there were some people at the trial that weren't actually fighting for a place there. Funnily enough the provisional team picked before the Mixed bid went through was also much different to the final squad!
How did you find training over the winter for it?
It was…interesting. We knew that it was never going to replicate the conditions that Dubai would greet us with, but we all had very determined and positive mindsets for each training weekend. It was almost always windy, and absolutely freezing, but we still had plenty of opportunities to fine tune our tactics and attempt to gel as much as possible. The weather/wind was so bad during one of our weekends that we had to retire to Trinity Sports Halls after about 40 minutes on the beach and train indoors. Not ideal!
When you hit the sands of Dubai, what was the contrast like?
Tough. Much, much tougher than I had imagined being perfectly honest. The sand was so fine, and your feet would sink into it with ease. It was energy zapping and slowed down even our fastest players. It took us awhile to acclimatise but I think by day 2-3 we had come to terms with it.
How did you find Dubai? Good bits? Any parts like a JG Ballard, post modernist scene?
All I can really do is echo Rory. It's a bizarrely amazing city that's hard to really make a fitting description of. So Americanised, but you still see the Middle Easten culture there in the background. It just didn't seem like real life to me, so although I enjoyed my time there, I don't see a return trip any time soon.
WCBU the event – highlights for you? Top games played?
It was by far the biggest tournament I've ever experienced. So well organised, and incredibly fun. You can really see the effort put in by Patrick and the volunteers. I think the feeling of walking around during the opening ceremony and getting to soak it all in will stay with me for years to come!
In terms of games, each game was really competitive and despite only getting one win, I'd like to think every team from 5th to 16th was on a similar level, which is incredibly rare to see and really exciting to play. I think our top game was certainly against the winners! We went out against the US with absolutely nothing to lose and the lack of fear gave us a huge boost. Not only to get the chance to play, but to go a break up against a team of pros was just crazy.
I will also say, it's the most spirited tournament I've ever been apart of. The consistent level across all our games was really humbling and so refreshing to experience. Every team seemed to have a great mutual respect for one another and it made each game that bit better.
Any wins that got away??
India, without a doubt. They beat us fairly handily on Day 3, so when the rematch came together we were gunning for them. For 80% of the match we were playing our best Ultimate and it looked like we had done enough to win. The Indians have really admirable spirit and drive though and somehow managed to grind through three really long points at the end of the game and pipped us on Universe. We were in absolute bits after that, which showed how much we wanted it.
Singapore, you came close in both games, what made the difference?
I think playing them first thing was the worst scenario we could have been met with. We were still pretty raw as a team, and it was our first ever competitive fixture as a full squad. They, however, were extremely well drilled and had that extra bit of pace on the beach. We gave them a better battle on the final day, but due to a number of reasons (fatigue, lack of focus, the Thursday night party) we lacked that spark needed to best them second time round.
You beat Kenya, was that a highlight? They seemed to start tournament well, but run out of steam – was superior fitness a factor?
I was sadly sidelined for the Kenya game due to almost collapsing from the sun prior to our warm up (Maybe that was the key to our win…). But, I was extremely proud of the team for being able to grind through the game and take that much deserved win. From watching the Kenyans, I think they struggled as the wind grew as the tournament progressed. They had a lot of really fast and athletic players, but only a small number of them had the disc skills (or perhaps just the confidence) to play in the wind. That was certainly key in our game anyway, and it was a little funny that the horrible Sutton winds actually stood to us.
Anything that you would do differently as an individual and a team?
Hard to say. I have to admit I was slightly intimidated by the occasion so I played a very safe game. I would rather lose yards and dump than turnover trying to throw a score, of course that's not necessarily a bad thing but in hindsight it would have been nice to have been able to shake the fear of turning over and throw some no-look scoobers…
As a team, I think we had some really effective tactics, but maybe a lack of plan B did hurt us somewhat. I would put that down to a lack of warm-up tournaments available to us, so I genuinely feel we did the best we could in the conditions we were met with.
Which Open teams really impressed you?
The Philippines were disgustingly adept with the sand, for good reason. And, as I already said, India had a wonderful attitude and infectious positivity throughout the tournament.
What did GB and Philippines excel at in the games you played against?
As I said, the Philippines were at home on the beach. They would run you ragged and leave you chasing shadows. The most difficult game we played without a doubt. GB were mostly Clapham players so they had great team unity that shown through as they made their way to the final.
Were the USA any good? Why, what can we steal from them to help Irish Ultimate?
In a word, Yes. They didn't look like they were light years ahead of the other teams, or even ourselves if I'm being a bit bold. They did, however, have the knowledge, ability and determination to best any team they faced, which was how they are now gold medallists in our division.
What can we steal? Well I think we should all probably spend the next year in the gym if we want to emulate the yanks. They also had a fantastic level of spirit that I honestly didn't expect. To win the division and the SotG award is huge and admirable. Boyler's dream double!
Open teams at World Beach have generally tended to have more inexperienced / debutant players for Ireland. Many of those players have then made great leaps and gone on to do great things for Ireland.
Question, what do you plan to bring back to the teams you play for in Ireland?
I've already adopted/stolen a few tactics and systems that Boyler brought to the Duboys, as well as plenty of drills. Personally, I think that the weekends of attempting to play in the horrible weather has improved my ability to throw in the wind, which I'm pretty chuffed about. I think the experience garnered from the week at WCBU (or any Worlds tournament for that matter) is impossible to replicate so I'm pretty happy that I wasn't the only DIT or Hammertime player over there. It'll only improve our teams!
Anything else I should have asked you / you'd like to add?
Yes! I'd like to publicly thank Boyler for everything they put into the team. It almost looked like there wouldn't be any interest in sending any sides to WCBU months ago, but Boyler put the team on their back and put in a huge amount of effort to get us over there. The entire campaign, from the trial to the flight home was a brilliant experience for all of us, and one we probably won't ever shut up about. Sorry guys! #Duboys
Some of the biggest U.S. tech firms have signed up to a code of conduct formulated by the European Commission, in which they agree to help fight against the spread of hate speech in Europe.
Online rights groups have reacted with outrage, saying they have no confidence in the agreement because they were left out of the discussions leading up to it (a point now being investigated by an EU watchdog) and they think the deal fails to protect free speech rights.
Facebook (fb), YouTube (goog), Twitter (twtr) and Microsoft (msft) promised to review most reports of illegal hate speech on their platforms within 24 hours and act on them by removing or disabling access to the content, as long as the complaints are precise and substantiated. Their terms of service and community guidelines will have to be clear that they prohibit hateful conduct and incitements to violence.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
Based on a 2008 piece of legislation, the code of conduct describes the illegal material as “all conduct publicly inciting to violence or hatred directed against a group of persons or a member of such a group defined by reference to race, color, religion, descent or national or ethnic origin.”
According to a statement, the companies recognize that illegal hate speech has a negative impact not only on individuals, but also on “those who speak out for freedom, tolerance and non-discrimination in our open societies and has a chilling effect on the democratic discourse on online platforms.”
“Hateful conduct has no place on Twitter and we will continue to tackle this issue head on alongside our partners in industry and civil society,” said Twitter's European public policy chief, Karen White. “We remain committed to letting the tweets flow. However, there is a clear distinction between freedom of expression and conduct that incites violence and hate.”
Google public policy director Lie Junius said in the statement that Google, which owns YouTube, has always prohibited illegal hate speech on its platforms and already has efficient systems in place for reviewing complaints. Facebook, too, said its “teams around the world review these reports around the clock and take swift action.”
European Digital Rights (EDRi) and Access Now, two of the EU's most prominent lobbyists for online rights, reacted to the agreement by saying civil society groups had been “systematically excluded” from the negotiations leading up to it. As a result, they said they would not take part in future discussions taking place under the banner of the Commission's “EU Internet Forum.”
“The ‘code of conduct' downgrades the law to a second-class status, behind the ‘leading role' of private companies that are being asked to arbitrarily implement their terms of service,” the groups said in a statement. “This process, established outside an accountable democratic framework, exploits unclear liability rules for companies. It also creates serious risks for freedom of expression as legal but controversial content may well be deleted as a result of this voluntary and unaccountable take down mechanism.”
“It will, in practical terms, overturn case law of the European Court of Human Rights on the defense of legal speech,” they added.
For more on Facebook and hate speech, watch our video.
Facebook in particular has faced severe criticism in Germany over its handling of far-right hate speech, a big issue in that country given its history. German prosecutors at one point launched an investigation into the firm's top managers in the country, though that's been dropped now. The company has agreed to work with the government on tackling the issue.
Anti-racism organizations in France, too, have gone after Facebook, Twitter and YouTube over the “hateful” content posted to their platforms.
According to the Commission's Tuesday statement, the companies will need to provide information about their notice procedures, in order to help EU countries and their law enforcement agencies to understand how the systems work and make the best use of them.
The firms will also need to “provide regular training to their staff on current societal developments and to exchange views on the potential for further improvement.”
This article was updated to include the reactions of EDRi and Access Now.
President Donald Trump continued their war of words with North Korea Wednesday, taking to Twitter to tout the growing power of the U.S. nuclear arsenal under their leadership.
"My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal," Trump wrote. "It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before," they said, before following up with the hope that "we will never have to use this power."
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017
Trump's Wednesday messages, which followed retweet of some "Fox & Friends" reports on the North Korea tensions, built on their warning Tuesday to Pyongyang of "fire and fury like the world has never seen" in response to the North's expansion of its nuclear weapon efforts.
The North responded with a threat to target the U.S. territory of Guam for a missile strike.
The high-level tit-for-tat follows reports that North Korea has mastered a crucial technology needed to strike the United States with a nuclear missile.
Despite regular North Korean threats against Guam, a U.S. territory in the Pacific about 2,100 miles (3,400 kilometers) from the Korean Peninsula, it is extremely unlikely that Pyongyang would risk the assured annihilation of its revered leadership with a pre-emptive attack on U.S. citizens. It's also not clear how reliable North Korea's mid-range missiles would be in an attack against a distant target given the relatively few times they've been tested.
Even so, the competing threats and Trump's use of North Korea-style rhetoric — Pyongyang has long vowed to reduce Seoul to a "sea of fire" — raise already high animosity and heighten worries that a miscalculation might spark conflict between the rivals.
The North Korean army said in a statement that it is studying a plan to create an "enveloping fire" in areas around Guam with medium- to long-range ballistic missiles. The statement described Andersen Air Force Base on Guam as a "beachhead" for a potential U.S. invasion of North Korea it needed to neutralize. It was unlikely the North's threat was a direct response to Trump's comments to the camera at their golf course in Bedminster, New Jersey.
South Korea's Unification Ministry, which deals with matters related to North Korea, said the North's army statement hurts efforts to improve inter-Korean relations. Ministry spokesperson Baek Tai-hyun said Seoul remains committed to both dialogue and sanctions for solving the North Korean nuclear problem and called for Pyongyang to stop its provocations. Baek did not mention Trump's comments.
Trump spoke hours after reports indicated North Korea can now wed nuclear warheads with its missiles, including its longest-range missiles that may be able to hit the American mainland. The North has strived for decades to have the ability to strike the U.S. and its Asian allies, and the pace of its breakthroughs is having far-reaching consequences for stability in the Pacific and beyond.
The nuclear advances were detailed in an official Japanese assessment Tuesday and a later Washington Post story that cited U.S. intelligence officials and a confidential Defense Intelligence Agency report. The U.S. now assesses the North Korean arsenal at up to 60 nuclear weapons, more than double most assessments by independent experts, according to the Post's reporting.
"North Korea had best not make any more threats to the United States," said a stern-looking Trump, seated with their arms crossed and with their wife beside him. "They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen."
"He has been very threatening beyond a normal state. And as I said they will be met with fire, fury and frankly power the likes of which this world has never seen before."
The remarks appeared scripted, with Trump glancing at a paper in front of him. They evoked President Harry Truman's announcement of the U.S. atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima, Japan, in 1945, in which they warned of "a rain of ruin from the air, the like of which has never been seen on this earth."
But it wasn't clear what Trump, who is prone to hyperbole and bombast in far less grave situations, meant by the threat. White House officials did not elaborate.
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer issued a statement afterward saying, "We need to be firm and deliberate with North Korea, but reckless rhetoric is not a strategy to keep America safe."
The Trump administration considers North Korea to be America's greatest national security threat and tensions have steadily risen this year.
Pyongyang responded angrily to the U.N. Security Council's adoption this weekend of new, tougher sanctions spearheaded by Washington. The sanctions followed intercontinental ballistic missile tests last month, the second of which was estimating as having a range that could reach more of the U.S. mainland. The newly revealed U.S. intelligence assessment indicates those missiles can carry nuclear warheads.
Denouncing the U.N. sanctions through state media, the North warned: "We will make the U.S. pay by a thousand-fold for all the heinous crimes it commits against the state and people of this country."
For North Korea, having a nuclear-tipped missile that could strike America would be the ultimate guarantee against U.S. invasion.
It is an ambition decade in the making. North Korea began producing fissile material for bombs in the 1990s and conducted its first nuclear test explosion in 2006. Four subsequent nuclear tests, the latest a year ago, have accelerated progress on miniaturizing a device — something North Korea already claimed it could do. Over that span, multiple U.S. presidents have tried and failed to coax or pressure Pyongyang into abandoning its nuclear ambitions.
The secrecy of the North's nuclear program and the underground nature of its test explosions make it very difficult to properly assess its claims. But the new assessments from Japan and the U.S. suggest that doubts over the North's abilities are receding.
In an annual report, Japan's Defense Ministry on Tuesday concluded that "it is possible that North Korea has achieved the miniaturization of nuclear weapons and has developed nuclear warheads." Japan, a key U.S. ally, is a potential, front-line target of North Korean aggression.
The Post story, citing unnamed U.S. intelligence officials, went further. It said the Defense Intelligence Agency analysis, completed last month, assessed North Korea has produced nuclear weapons for ballistic missile delivery, including by intercontinental missiles.
Officials at the agency wouldn't comment Tuesday. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence also wouldn't discuss the report.
It's unclear how North Korea's new capabilities will immediately affect how the U.S. approaches the country's regular missile launches and occasional nuclear tests. The U.S. military has never attempted to shoot a North Korean missile out of the sky, deeming all previous tests to pose no threat to the United States. The U.S. could weigh military action if the threat perception changes.
The calculation of North Korea's nuclear arsenal at 60 bombs exceeds other assessments, which range from around one dozen to about 30 weapons. The assessments are typically an estimate of the amount of plutonium and enriched uranium North Korea has in its inventory rather than how much of that material has been weaponized. It's unclear how many, if any, miniaturized warheads North Korea has built.
Last month's ICBM tests highlighted the growing threat. Both missiles were fired at highly lofted angles and landed in the sea near Japan, but analysts said the weapons could reach Alaska, Los Angeles or Chicago if fired at a normal, flattened trajectory.
North Korea threatened to hit Guam with its Hwasong-12 missiles, which it says can carry a heavy nuclear warhead.
Not all technical hurdles have been overcome, however. North Korea is still believed to lack expertise to ensure a missile could re-enter the Earth's atmosphere without the warhead burning up. And it's still working on striking targets with accuracy.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp (INTC.O), hit by slumping personal computer sales, has put off opening a major chip factory that President Barack Obama once held up as an example of U.S. manufacturing potential.
A video wall displays Intel's logos at the unveiling of its second generation Intel Core processor family during a news conference at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas January 5, 2011. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
The “Fab 42” facility built in Chandler, Arizona, originally slated as a $5 billion project that in late 2013 would start producing Intel's most advanced chips, will remain closed for the foreseeable future while other factories at the same site are upgraded, said Intel spokesperson Chuck Mulloy.
Intel's decision not to open the chip plant was first reported by the Arizona Republic on Tuesday.
“The new construction is going to be left vacant for now and it will be targeted at future technologies,” Mulloy told Reuters.
Despite not opening the new factory, or fab, Intel has exceeded a target to hire over 1,000 employees since construction started in 2011, Mulloy said. Intel received state tax benefits for hiring those people.
Obama, while campaigning for re-election in 2012, made a stop at the factory's construction site, where they called for government incentives to attract manufacturing lost to Asia in recent years back to the United States.
Intel is the world's top chipmaker but it was caught off guard by smartphones and tablets, a computing revolution that has cut into demand for PCs, the company's core business.
Global PC shipments fell 10 percent in 2013, the worst year since market research firm Gartner began tracking those products.
“The newer fab has not been equipped with the capital equipment. It has heating and air conditioning but the actual tools, the expensive stuff, are not in there,” Mulloy said. Much of Intel's strength has historically come from its chip manufacturing technology, which is the most advanced in the world and is ahead of rivals by around two years.
Intel originally meant to install its most advanced manufacturing technology at the plant and make 14 nanometer microchips with transistors so tiny that over 100 million of them could fit on the head of a pin.
Existing factories at the Chandler site using Intel's previous generation of manufacturing, 22 nm, are being converted to also make chips at 14 nm and many of Intel's new employees are working there, Mulloy said.
“It boils down to better capital utilization,” Mulloy said.
The Santa Clara, California-based company says it makes around two thirds of its microprocessors in the United States, with others produced in Ireland, Israel and China.
It is currently expanding a plant in Oregon where engineers will work on a long-term plan to manufacture microchips on silicon wafers measuring 450 millimeters - about the size of a large pizza. The largest wafers currently used in the chip industry measure 300 mm across.
Plans by Intel and big rivals like Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) to eventually expand to 450 mm will allow them to save manufacturing costs by squeezing more chips on each wafer.
Intel, which on Thursday is due to report is fourth-quarter earnings, said in November it expects its revenue to be flat in 2014 compared to last year.
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal (R) (WGCL-TV)
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal (R) broke ranks with theirs state's conservative lawmakers on Thursday in speaking out against a proposed “religious freedom” bill, Towleroad reported.
“I think what the New Testament teaches us is that Jesus reached out to those who were considered the outcasts, the ones that did not conform to the religious societies' view of the world and said to those of belief, ‘This is what I want you to do,'” Deal said after a ribbon-cutting ceremony in Atlanta. “We do not have a belief — in my way of looking at religion — that says we have to discriminate against anybody. If you were to apply those standards to the teaching of Jesus, I don't think they fit.”
The measure, which was passed with bipartisan support in the state Senate, would allow clergy to opt out of performing same-sex marriages, and protect “a person or faith-based organization who believes, speaks, or acts in accordance with certain sincerely held religious beliefs” from incurring any penalties from the state government.
The bill has already drawn comparisons to heavily-criticized measures in Arkansas and Indiana which were ultimately walked back. But despite stating their belief that marriage is between a man and a woman, Deal has said that this type of legislation is “not one of those issues that I have been pushing.”
We are not jeopardized, in my opinion, by those who believe differently from us,” Deal said. “We are not, in my opinion, put in jeopardy by virtue of those who might hold different beliefs or who may not even agree with what our Supreme Court said the law of the land is on the issue of same-sex marriage. I do not feel threatened by the fact that people who might choose same-sex marriages pursue that route.”
Watch Deal's remarks, as posted by WGCL-TV, below.
Ramos: I hope Neymar leaves Barcelona for PSG
The World Cup winning-defender admits that a record-breaking transfer for the Brazilian would make life easier for the reigning La Liga champions
Sergio Ramos wants Neymar to leave as it would be "less of a problem" for , amid talk of interest from .
Neymar's future at Barça is in serious doubt, with side PSG ready to meet the Brazilian's €222 million release clause .
Neymar, Coutinho & Mbappe all to leave - 7/4
The 25-year-old showed why they are the subject of interest after dazzling against bitter rivals Madrid at the International Champions Cup on Saturday, setting up two goals in a 3-2 triumph .
Asked about Neymar's future after the game, Madrid captain Ramos said: "I do not know, everyone is free to choose their future.
Zidane wants 'no changes' at Madrid
"I hope [he leaves]. It would be less of a problem for us."
Ramos, who made their first pre-season appearance for Madrid, added: "I changed the shirt with them and I hope it is the last one I have used with Barça."
By Paul Woodward - War in Context
In a new University of Maryland poll of American public opinion, only 24 percent of those polled said they favor an Israeli strike against Iran's nuclear program. A national poll of American Jews however, shows that 66 percent of them favor an Israeli attack on Iran.
In an indication that American Jews are out of sync with Israeli Jews, a poll conducted in Israel in November showed that only 43 percent favored an Israeli attack.
When it comes to American Jewish views on the creation of a Palestinian state, opinion is divided with 49 percent in favor and 41 percent against. However, 75 percent agree with the statement: “The goal of the Arabs is not the return of occupied territories but rather the destruction of Israel.”
(CNN) -- A new audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden claims responsibility for an attempt to blow up a plane en route to Michigan on Christmas Day and warns the United States of more attacks.
The tape, which aired on the Arabic-language news Web site Al-Jazeera on Sunday, says "the United States will not dream of enjoying safety until we live it in reality in Palestine."
The tape continues: "It is not fair to enjoy that kind of life while our brothers in Gaza live in the worst of miseries."
CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the message, but the CIA has in the past confirmed Al-Jazeera reports on tapes from the al Qaeda leader.
President Obama's senior adviser David Axelrod told CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday that while there was no immediate confirmation that the message was authentic, it "contains the same hollow justification for the slaughter of innocent people."
In another section of the audio tape that Al-Jazeera broadcast, the voice says: "God willing our attacks will continue as long as you support the Israelis and may peace be on those who follow guidance."
Bin Laden also claims responsibility for the foiled attack on Delta flight 253 in December.
"The message intended to be sent to you was through the hero fighter Omar Farouq, may God release him, confirming an earlier message that the [September] 11th heroes delivered to you and it was repeated before and after [that event]," they say.
A Nigerian man, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, has been charged with attempting to blow up the Delta Air Lines plane as it approached Detroit from Amsterdam, Netherlands.
"Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the failed attack on Christmas Day. That's clear," a U.S. counterterrorism official -- who is not authorized to speak publicly -- told CNN. "So a message like this -- no matter whose voice it may be -- should come as no surprise. Al Qaeda has, from time to time, tried to build support for its program of murder by talking about the Palestinian issue. That line's never gotten them much in the past, and it's unlikely to now, either."
Bin Laden had six messages in 2009. The last was on September 25 and was "to the European people."
In that message, they urged the countries to reconsider their involvement in the Afghanistan war.
"Today Europe is suffering an economic crisis, and its export reputation doesn't hold true anymore, while America is bleeding economically because of all the wars it is involved in," their last message said. "Think about how Europe will fare when America pulls out of Afghanistan. You will be left to suffer alone the rage of the people you oppressed."
A security expert said there's a possibility bin Laden did not know about the attempted attack in December and al Qaeda branches may be using it to prove themselves to the group's leadership.
"They were able to get their man on an American plane on an American soil so it is successful by all means," said Mustafa Al-Ani at the Gulf Research Center. "The strategy is there, outlined by the mother leadership and now we will see the branches doing their best to please their leadership and implement al Qaeda vision in their own ways."
Bin Laden is thought to be hiding in the Pakistan-Afghanistan mountain region, according to intelligence experts.
New Texas coach Charlie Strong isn't going to let a little criticism from longtime Longhorns billionaire booster Red McCombs ruin their first few days on the job.
On Monday, McCombs voiced their disapproval of Strong's hire on ESPN 1250 San Antonio.
"I don't have any doubt that Charlie is a fine coach. I think they would make a great position coach, maybe a coordinator," McCombs said. "But I don't believe [he belongs at] what should be one of the three most powerful university programs in the world right now at UT-Austin. I don't think it adds up."
Strong, who appeared on the syndicated "Dan Patrick Show," brushed off McCombs' comments.
"There are going to be statements made," said Strong, the former Louisville coach. "You can't worry about that. You just move on. You have a job to do. You can't worry about what people say or think.
"I'm going to get judged by my work here. Once you win some football games, you're going to change a lot of people's attitudes. ... You have to win. Everybody wants to win nowadays. There are those expectations anywhere you go."
McCombs, former owner of the San Antonio Spurs, Denver Nuggets and Minnesota Vikings and co-founder of Clear Channel Communications, had publicly lobbied for Texas to replace Mack Brown with former NFL coach and ESPN analyst Jon Gruden.
On Thursday, Strong joined "The Paul Finebaum Show" on ESPN Radio and said they spoke with McCombs earlier in the day. Asked by Finebaum if they thought McCombs' comments were racially motivated in any way, Strong said they did not.
"It's so funny that we speak about Red. Probably a couple hours ago I got off the phone with them and we spoke, Strong said. "We had a really great conversation and I told him, 'You've done a lot for this university. And I want you around. I want you to be a part of this program and I want you to support this program.'
"Because I said, 'We need you. We need everyone. We need to band together and become that family we are because this is the Longhorn family and I want you a part of it."
The 2016 election results for three states are in doubt, and an effort led by Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein is raising millions of dollars for a vote recount.
The Green Party has a fundraising goal of more than $2 million to challenge the vote counts in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, states where President-elect Donald Trump has been declared the winner or, in the case of Michigan, where they are leading an ongoing count.
"We're calling for a paper count to validate the machine count," Stein clarified to RT.
Breaking: WI Election Commission says Green Party still needs to file paperwork, but officials are currently contacting Clerks to prepare — Bret Lemoine (@BretLemoine) November 23, 2016
"The Green Party has actually taken a lead role in safeguarding our election system for many years," Stein added.
"It also puts the Green Party on the map as the leadership that the American people are looking for," they said. "In this extremely toxic and sick election, we're taking steps to actually redress some of the really grave concerns about this election."
As Interim chair of the DNC, I have received info and more regarding #AuditTheElection. At this time, the DNC has not issued any statement. — Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) November 23, 2016
The three states carry a total of 46 electoral votes, and Trump would have to lose all three states for the presidential election result to change, something no one is predicting.
The campaign manager for Stein's presidential run, David Cobb, took to Facebook to promote the recount effort via video message. More than $2 million is needed to meet filing fees, not including legal and processing fees, to facilitate recounts in the three states. Wisconsin alone requires $1 million to file for a recount, and its deadline is Friday, November 25. Pennsylvania's deadline is Monday, and Michigan's deadline is next Wednesday.
Campaign Manager David Cobb announces Recount efforts in WI, PA and MI Posted by Jill Stein on Wednesday, November 23, 2016
The three states carry a total of 46 electoral votes, and Trump would have to lose all three states for the presidential election result to change, something no one is predicting.
Published: June 14, 2017 Updated: June 20, 2017
This video may be less than half a minute long, but it has to go down in Rumble history as one of the most adorable videos we have ever had! All we could say while watching it was a bunch of “aws” and make googly eyes. Squeak!
It is nap time for this cute Dachshund! All tucked in and comfortable in front of the TV, this dog is ready to get some sleep. At first they are still struggling to keep their eyes open, but finally they give in. And who wouldn't – swaddled up with a nice, soft blankie, white noise coming from the screen...it is just nirvana!
Although the standard Dachshund was bred to chase and flush out badgers and other burrow-dwelling animals, today the wiener dogs, as they are endearingly called, are one of the most desired lap dogs in the world.
Fight it all you want, but just looking at a wiener dog will make you smile. Even thinking of their moniker brings a smile to our faces! Because if their comical appearance, they have been a favorite with cartoonists and toy makers since forever. Despite their size and silly appearance, Dachshunds are very brave dogs and have quite the independent spirit, though they can sometimes be a little stubborn.
For all you dog lovers out there, have you ever seen something so adorable? Let us know in the comment section! Be sure to visit https://rumble.com/ for more adorable videos like this one, and feel free to upload any of your own videos.
Check out this adorable dog falling asleep while watching TV!
Fox News said it had retracted a story about the murder of Seth Rich, a former Democratic National Committee staffer who was killed in Washington, D.C. last July and which has provided fodder for Sean Hannity, the network's longest-serving primetime host. Hannity has in recent days promoted a debunked theory that Rich was killed in exchange for providing internal documents to Wikileaks, prompting statements of outrage from their family.
“On May 16, a story was posted on the Fox News website on the investigation into the 2016 murder of DNC Staffer Seth Rich. The article was not initially subjected to the high degree of editorial scrutiny we require for all our reporting. Upon appropriate review, the article was found not to meet those standards and has since been removed,” the network said in a posting online Tuesday. “We will continue to investigate this story and will provide updates as warranted. ”
The retraction is believed to be one of the first made of a Fox News story. A retraction is relatively unheard of at the 21st Century Fox-owned outlet.
Right-wing outlets including Breitbart and The Drudge Report have suggested with items and links that Rich could have been killed in retribution for the leak of DNC emails during last year's presidential campaign, an act that has largely been attributed to Russian interference. The theory about Rich's murder has yet to be proven.
Fox News lent the story new momentum last week when it posted an item about the story after Rod Wheeler, a Fox News contributor who is also a private investigator Rich's family has hired, was shown on Fox affiliate WTTG suggesting they had evidence linking Rich to Wikileaks. Subsequently, Wheeler told CNN they had no evidence.
Theories around Rich have helped fill recent segments on “Hannity,” Fox News 10 p.m. primetime mainstay. It could not be learned if Hannity was planning to discuss the new development and Fox News' retraction on their show this evening.
So yeah, this happened:
To echo local strategist Tyler Jones , when you're debating a cardboard cutout of Nancy Pelosi on a street corner by yourself, that means you're winning. Obviously. See for yourself Does anyone remember, like, this really old actor or singer or someone famous like that who once had a conversation with ... damnit ... was it a couch? Like, on TV? Some Republican thing? This is killing me. I swear, it's on the tip of my tongue, what this is reminding me of. I just know it was full of WIN!
Also, why is Mark Sanford still talking about trespassing?
"I've never said there was one son there," Sanford said. In a statement earlier this month, Sanford said: "I did, indeed, watch the second half of the Super Bowl at the beach house with our 14-year-old son because as a father, I didn't think they should watch it alone."
And finally, because there hasn't been enough funny Sanford-related news today, their Democratic opponent just unveiled a new group of supporters: Republicans for Elizabeth Colbert Busch. The funny part is that it's being chaired by Leslie Turner, the wife of Teddy Turner, who ran against Sanford in the GOP primary. Teddy wound up endorsing Sanford, but I'll bet they wish they could take that back now. Their wife certainly has the better idea.
The Card Players is a series of oil paintings by the French Post-Impressionist artist Paul Cézanne. Painted during Cézanne's final period in the early 1890s, there are five paintings in the series. The versions vary in size, the number of players, and the setting in which the game takes place. Cézanne also completed numerous drawings and studies in preparation for The Card Players series. One version of The Card Players was sold in 2011 to the Royal Family of Qatar for a price variously estimated at between $250 million. It was thought to be sold to the Davis family out of Florida in the United States for a estimated $225 million usd. ($278.4 million today) and possibly as high as $300 million ($334.1 million today), either price signifying a new mark for highest ever price for a painting, not surpassed until November 2017.[1]
Overview [ edit ]
The series is considered by critics to be a cornerstone of Cézanne's art during the early-to-mid 1890s period, as well as a "prelude" to their final years, when they painted some of their most acclaimed work.[2]
Each painting depicts Provençal peasants immersed in their pipes and playing cards. The subjects, all male, are displayed as studious within their card playing, eyes cast downward, intent on the game at hand. Cézanne adapted a motif from 17th-century Dutch and French genre painting which often depicted card games with rowdy, drunken gamblers in taverns, replacing them instead with stone-faced tradesmen in a more simplified setting.[2][3] Whereas previous paintings of the genre had illustrated heightened moments of drama,[4] Cézanne's portraits have been noted for their lack of drama, narrative, and conventional characterization.[5] Other than an unused wine bottle in the two-player versions, there is an absence of drink and money, which were prominent fixtures of the 17th century genre. A painting by one of the Le Nain brothers, hung in an Aix-en-Provence museum near the artist's home, depicts card players and is widely cited as an inspiration for the works by Cézanne.[6][7]
The models for the paintings were local farmhands, some of whom worked on the Cézanne family estate, the Jas de Bouffan.[6] Each scene is depicted as one of quiet, still concentration; the men look down at their cards rather than at each other, with the cards being perhaps their sole means of communication outside of work.[8] One critic described the scenes as "human still life",[2] while another speculated that the men's intense focus on their game mirrors that of the painter's absorption in their art.[9]
Paintings [ edit ]
While there are, in total, five paintings of card players by Cézanne, the final three works were similar in composition and number of players (two), causing them to sometimes be grouped together as one version.[10] The exact dates of the paintings are uncertain, but it is long believed Cézanne began with larger canvases and pared down in size with successive versions, though research in recent years has cast doubt on this assumption.[11][12]
The largest version, painted between the years 1890–1892, is the most complex, with five figures on a 134.6 x 180.3 cm (53 × 71 in) canvas. It features three card players at the forefront, seated in a semi-circle at a table, with two spectators behind. On the right side of the painting, seated behind the second man and to the right of the third, is a boy, eyes cast downward, also a fixed spectator of the game. Further back, on the left side between the first and second player is a man standing, back to the wall, smoking a pipe and presumably awaiting their turn at the table. It has been speculated Cézanne added the standing man to provide depth to the painting, as well as to draw the eye to the upper portion of the canvas.[2] As with the other versions, it displays a suppressed storytelling of peasant men in loose-fitting garments with natural poses focused entirely on their game.[4] Writer Nicholas Wadley described a "tension in opposites", in which elements such as shifts of color, light and shadow, shape of hat, and crease of cloth create a story of confrontation through opposition.[5] Others have described an "alienation" displayed in the series to be most pronounced in this version.[3] The painting is owned and displayed by the Barnes Foundation museum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
A more condensed version of this painting with four figures, long thought to be the second version of The Card Players, is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. At 65.4 x 81.9 cm (25 3/4 x 32 1/4 in), it is less than half the size of the Barnes painting. Here the composition remains virtually the same, minus the boy, with viewers' perspective slightly closer to the game, but with less space between the figures. In the previous painting, the center player as well as the boy were hatless, whereas this version has all the men hatted. Also gone are the shelf to the left with vase and lower half of a picture frame in the center of the wall, leaving only the four pipes and hanging cloth to join the smoking man behind the card players. The painting is brighter, with less focus on blue tones, than the larger version. X-ray and infrared studies of this version of The Card Players have shown layers of "speculative" graphite underdrawing, as well as heavy layers of worked oil paint, possibly suggesting it was the preliminary of Cézanne's two largest versions of the series, rather than the second version as historically believed.[12] The underdrawing has also led analysts to believe Cézanne had difficulty transferring the men, previously painted individually in studies, onto one canvas.[2][12]
It has been speculated that Cézanne solved this "spatial conundrum" in the final three versions of The Card Players, by eliminating spectators and other "unnecessary detail" while displaying only the "absolute essentials": two players immersed in their game.[2][13] The scene has been described as balanced but asymmetrical,[3] as well as naturally symmetrical with the two players being each other's "partner in an agreed opposition".[10] The man on the left is smoking a pipe, wearing a tophat with a downcast brim, in darker, more formal clothing, seated upright; the man to the right is pipeless, in a shorter hat with upcast brim, lighter, more loosely fit clothing, and hunched over the table.[10] Even cards themselves are contrasting light and dark hues. In each of the two-player paintings, a sole wine bottle rests in the mid-part of the table, said to represent a dividing line between the two participants[3] as well as the center of the painting's "symmetrical balance".[7] Of the three versions, perhaps the best known and most often reproduced is in the Musée d'Orsay in Paris. It is also the smallest at 47.5 x 57 cm (17 3/4 x 22 1/2 in). The Orsay painting was described by art historian Meyer Schapiro as "the most monumental and also the most refined" of the versions, with the shapes being simpler but more varied in their relationships.[10] It is the most sparsely painted, and generally considered the last of the Card Players series.[11]
There is a shift of axis to the scene, in which the player to the left is more completely in the picture, chair included, with the appearance of being nearer to us.[10] Their partner to the right is cut off from the scene at their back, and the table is displayed at an angle to the plane.[2] Critics have described a "deception of restraint" in Cézanne's use of color; graduated area of thinly applied, "priming" color used for solid forms and their appearance of structure is met with lilac and green used to "liven" the canvas, as well as the bright, deep color used on the lower half for the tablecloth.[7][13] This version of the series was also part of a high-profile theft of eight Cézanne paintings from a traveling show at Aix in August 1961. The most valuable of the stolen works, The Card Players, was released as a four-color postage stamp by the French government in recognition of the loss. All of the paintings were recovered after a paid ransom several months later.[11]
The other two-player paintings are in the Courtauld Institute of Art in London and in a private collection. In February 2012, Vanity Fair reported that the royal family of Qatar had, during 2011, purchased their version of the painting for a record price variously estimated at between $250 million and $320 million from the private collection of Greek shipping magnate George Embiricos.[1][14]
The Card Players 1894–95, Oil on canvas, 47.5 × 57 cm, Musée d'Orsay, Paris
The Card Players 1892–1895, Oil on canvas, 60 x 73 cm, Courtauld Institute of Art, London
The Card Players 1892–93, Oil on canvas, 97 × 130 cm, Private collection
Studies and sketches [ edit ]
Cézanne created a substantial number of studies and preparatory drawings for The Card Players series. While it had long been believed they began the series with the largest paintings and subsequently worked smaller, 21st century x-rays of the paintings as well as further analysis of preparatory sketches and studies has led some scholars to believe Cézanne used both the studies and the smaller versions of The Card Players to prepare for the larger canvases.[12][15]
Over a dozen initial sketches and painted studies of local farmworkers were made by Cézanne in preparation for the final paintings.[15] It has been speculated their models sat for the studies rather than the finished works themselves, and the painter possibly sketched preliminary work in an Aix cafe.[11]
Some of the studies have been well regarded as stand-alone works of their own volition, particularly the accompaniment piece Man with a Pipe, displayed alongside The Card Players at the Courtauld Gallery in London.[12] The former, along with two similar paintings of smokers undertaken in the same period, are considered by many to be some of Cézanne's most masterful portraits.[11][12]
Man with the Pipe c. 1890, Oil on canvas, 90 × 72 cm, Hermitage Museum, St. Petersberg
Man with a Pipe c. 1892, Oil on canvas, 73 x 60 cm, Courtauld Institute of Art, London
Man Smoking a Pipe 1890–1892, Oil on canvas, 72 x 91 cm, Pushkin Museum, Moscow
Exhibitions [ edit ]
In 2010–11, a joint exhibition was curated by the Courtauld Gallery in London and Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York to display The Card Players paintings, early studies and sketches of the series, and accompanying works.[15] The exhibition ran in London from 21 October 2010 to 16 January 2011 and in New York from 9 February 2011 to 8 May 2011.
It was described as the first exhibition devoted to the series as well as the largest collection of Cézanne's Card Players paintings to ever be exhibited together.[16] The exhibition included the paintings owned by the Courtauld, Metropolitan, and Musée d'Orsay. The versions at the Barnes Foundation and in a private collection were displayed as prints, due to the Barnes' policy of not lending and the private collector declining to release the work.[16] The mini-series of men smoking pipes sometimes referred to as The Smokers was also included with over a dozen other studies and sketches, however a legal dispute also prevented the Hermitage Museum's version of Man with a Pipe from traveling to New York.[9][12]
See also [ edit ]
Up to 7,000 lions are living behind bars in South Africa. Raised in captivity on private breeding farms and hunting “reserves,” some of these animals are petted as cubs by tourists, who can also walk alongside or even feed more mature lions.
Eventually, many are shot in “ canned ” hunts, in which lions are pursued and killed in confined areas that make them easy targets. Hunt fees can be as high as $50,000.
The hunters take lion skins and heads home as trophies. Lion bones and bodies are exported to Asia for traditional cures.
As new measures are put in place to clamp down on trade in the bones of endangered tigers , the lion bone trade grows. Substituting tiger with lion bone means that lionesses, as well as trophy males, now have commercial value.
The new documentary Blood Lions lays bare the dark underbelly of South Africa's captive breeding and canned hunting industries. The film will be screened in Durban, South Africa on Wednesday at Africa's leading film festival .
Owners of private breeding farms say that more hunting of captive-bred lions takes pressure off declining wild lion populations.
Not so, says Dr. Luke Hunter, president of Panthera , an organization dedicated to conserving endangered big cats. “This industry pumps out cats to be shot in cages or shipped to Asia to supply the demand for big cat parts. Blood Lions blows away the hollow ‘conservation' arguments made by South Africa's predator breeders to justify their grim trade.”
South Africa's Lion Industry Wild animal Born or bred in captivity Trophy* 2003 2012 Complete body 2003 2012 Live animal 2003 2012 *A trophy consists of one or more body parts from a single animal. NG STAFFSOURCE: Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES)
Blood Lions joins other films, like Gorillas in the Mist, Echo of the Elephants, The Cove (Taiji dolphins in Japan), Blackfish—that Born Free Foundation president Will Travers says “have truly influenced the way we interact with wild animals.”
From their home in South Africa, Ian Michler —the film's protagonist and narrator, who has spent 25 years across 15 African countries as a specialist safari operator, journalist, and conservation advocate—talks about lions, the making of the film, and what reforms they hope it will spur.
How did you come to defend lions?
When I was living full-time in the Okavango Delta in the 1990s, guiding and managing lodges, I became interested in the sustainability of lion hunting in Botswana. This led me to finding out about farms in South Africa and canned hunting.
In 1999, there were between 800 and 1,000 lions in cages. When in 2005, I submitted a report to the minister of environment and tourism, there were between 3,000 and 3,500 captive lions. Now there are some 8,000 captive predators—lions, tigers, leopards—in my country. Of these, the majority are lions.
Clearly, the industry—which is very lucrative for a small number of individuals—has grown and continues to grow. Critics are told that these facilities exist for education and conservation purposes.
However, these quick justifications have no evidence base. Lions are among species that cannot be re-wilded after being hand-reared. No South African ecologist is currently trying to reestablish lion populations—and if they were, no one would use captive-bred lions anyway. It's false marketing!
These majestic predators are being raised in captivity to be shot in captivity. And to me—and a growing number of people across the globe—this is unacceptable.
How do South Africa's lions differ from those in other African lion range states?
South Africa is the only country in the world that has three classes of lions. Lions in South Africa can be “wild,” “managed,” or “captive.”
View Images Petting of lion cubs represents the first of several stages through which captive-bred lions pass. The final stage: With no chance of escape, the tame lions are shot by trophy hunters who pay thousands of dollars for the sport. Photograph by Ian Michler
According to credible organizations like Panthera, South Africa has between 2,700 and 3,200 “wild” and “managed” lions—split roughly 50/50. The wild lions live in two parks, Kruger National Park and Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park. Managed lions inhabit private reserves such as Phinda and Tswalu and are managed in the name of keeping the gene pool diverse.
The South African Predator Association (SAPA) keeps track of captive lions and captive breeding facilities, but not everyone who breeds lions in South Africa has to be a member, and not everyone who is provides real statistics. In our estimate, based on interviews we've done with SAPA, and also with the department of environmental affairs, some 7,000 lions live in captivity.
What is the narrative thrust of Blood Lions?
It's about exposing the industry and its fallacies, and the revenue streams that have evolved. The film is balanced, in that 40 percent of it is dedicated to the breeders and hunters themselves, who get to have their say.
Does “fair chase” hunting still take place in South Africa?
Fair chase hunting is the traditional form of trophy hunting wherein the animal being pursued has a fair chance of escape. These hunts take place over an extended period of time and on foot. In canned hunting, the hunter is guaranteed a kill.
Fair chase does still exist—in Tanzania and Zimbabwe, and to a lesser extent in Namibia, Zambia, and Mozambique.
In a progressive move, Botswana banned trophy hunting in 2014.
In South Africa, with the proliferation of breeding farms, and the surging wildlife trade industry, there's very little fair chase hunting. I would say almost all is now of a canned nature.
What's the likelihood of “fair chase” hunters opposing lion breeding and canned hunting practices?
All professional hunting bodies have ethics in their chapters and claim to have an ethical and conservation approach to what they do. If hunters were to practice this, they should be supporting us. Most, however, seem to be against closing down predator breeding.
The Professional Hunters' Association of South Africa sides with breeders and canned hunters. They've tried to make the practices more palatable by claiming that canned hunting no longer exists. This, they say, is because bait and tranquilizers are no longer used. In a play on words, they now call what they do ‘captive hunting.' But whatever name is used, canned or captive, it's the same thing.
There are professional trophy hunters beginning to oppose this, including operators based in KwaZulu-Natal. One such group is SAMPEO , and they will play a major role in our campaign.
What changes do you hope Blood Lions will bring about?
The end of exploitative breeding of lions and other predators and the closure of canned hunting.
We reached Australian (and American) audiences with a promo clip that we used to raise money to get the documentary made. Some of this promo was fortuitous in that an Australian organization called For the Love of Wildlife saw the clip and took it to their Parliament, from where it made its way to the minister of the environment. It caused outrage.
Australia's lion trophy ban came about because the Australian government was incredibly proactive. And also because Australians make up a relatively low proportion of trophy hunters, so the decision to ban lion trophies was not going to affect a large constituency.
In the EU, there are strong rumblings of positive change thanks to the Trophy Free EU Group, MPs for Wildlife, and the European Citizens' Initiative.
But more than 50 percent of trophy hunters come from the United States. My question to these hunters is: If you are against these practices, then speak out to help stop them.
And young people who come to South Africa to volunteer in lion facilities: please be aware as you're in all likelihood being scammed into paying significant sums of money to inadvertently help raise cubs that will later be shot.
Finally, I'd also like to raise the ethical discussion around how we treat other animals. We've been railroaded by economics and other justifications. I urge that we take our updated knowledge of animal welfare, of how ecosystems work, and the interrelatedness of it all, and adjust our behavior accordingly.
In response to an RTI application, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting categorically said that they weren't looking to censor online content.
In the RTI application (filed by me), the ministry was asked if it had the power to carry out censorship of TV shows and films distributed by services such as Hotstar and Netflix; and if not, whether the ministry was considering making rules that would allow them to do so. In their response, the ministry said that they do not have the power to censor any content online, and that they are “not pursuing the creation of a regulatory framework” that would allow them to have any online censorship powers.
India doesn't have any regulations for censorship of films and TV shows online. In spite of this, large TV-on-demand players like Google Play and iTunes have been censoring all titles on their Indian catalogues. Netflix's entry in the Indian market was the first time a large streaming company offered both Indian and non-Indian titles uncensored. Hotstar Premium was the second large player to do this, with uncensored shows and films from HBO and 20th Century Fox, among others.
A case was recently filed against Hotstar in the Delhi High Court alleging that the service was streaming “soft porn”, a claim that the service's parent company Star India has denied. The High Court has asked the ministry to look into the claims, raising concerns that online censorship regulations might come about as a result. At least for now, the statement from the I&B ministry indicates otherwise.
Read the RTI application's response below (screenshot):
Canberra to abstain on UN resolutions relating to Israeli settlement in occupied territories in stance that goes against long-held national position
The foreign minister, Julie Bishop, has described the Australian government's shift in favour of Israel on two key UN resolutions, including softening its stance on settlement expansion in the occupied territories, as part of a move towards a more “balanced” approach to the Middle East.
Australia now abstains on whether the Palestinian territories should be subject to the Geneva convention and on defining Israeli annexation of land in the occupied territories as in breach of international law. Under both previous prime ministers Australia had upheld the general assembly resolutions.
“This shift reflected the government's concern that Middle East resolutions should be balanced,” the foreign minister said through a spokesperson. “The government will not support resolutions which are one-sided and which prejudge the outcome of final-status negotiations between the two sides.”
Australia is now one of only eight nations to abstain on the resolution relating to Israeli settlement in the occupied territories and one of five to abstain on the Geneva convention resolution.
The stance has been criticised by the shadow foreign affairs minister, Tanya Plibersek, who said Australia's position had shifted without debate or consultation.
“We voted yes to a proposition that has suggested that the unlimited building of settlements in land that is considered Palestinian land is not helping with the peace process,” Plibersek told the ABC on Sunday.
“If the Australian government have a different position now, I think it would be very important for them to explain to Australians why that position's changed.”
The foreign minister added that Australia still “strongly supports” a “lasting two-state solution” between Israel and the occupied territories.
“Australia stands ready to assist in any way it can to support the efforts of Israel and the Palestinians to achieve lasting peace including supporting Palestinian development as an important contribution to the Middle East peace process,” the spokesperson said.
Last week's article was Part 1 (of 3) in my series on how I built a Progressive Web Application for this blog.
Get the Application | View Source
As I mentioned, there are two parts to creating an "offline-first" application -
Cache the app shell so pages and assets are accessible offline Load locally-saved data first, then fetch updated data later if the network permits
Last week, I showed how I achieved the first using Service Worker to cache the app shell and serve it to the user even when they are offline. In this article, I will show how I used IndexedDB to save the fetched data for offline use. In the final part of this series next week, I will demonstrate how I implemented push notifications.
What is IndexedDB?
IndexedDB is a "low-level API for client-side storage of significant amounts of structured data" (Mozilla). It is a JavaScript-based, object-oriented, database that allows us to easily store and retrieve data that has been indexed with a key. IndexedDB can take some getting used to as it is very low-level and works quite differently to other databases.
For the bitsofcode web app, I used IndexedDB to store the articles fetched from the blog RSS feed. This way, articles could be loaded instantly from the database first, before checking over the network for the more up-to-date data.
Creating a Database and Store
For my own sanity (and because I love Promises), I use Jake Archibald's IndexedDB Promised library which offers a Promise-ified version of the IndexedDB methods. All my examples will be using this library.
To start using IndexedDB, we need to create our database and the stores (which are like tables) within the database. To do that, we need to open up IndexedDB with the database name and version.
idb.open('DATABASE_NAME', VERSION, function(upgradeDb) { // Create stores });
To create stores in our database, we use the createObjectStore method of upgradeDb . When creating a store, we pass two arguments -
The name of the store An object with some optional settings. For example, the keyPath property, which allows us to specify what key in the object we want to be the primary key.
Here it is all together -
idb.open('DATABASE_NAME', VERSION, function(upgradeDb) { const store = upgradeDb.createObjectStore('STORE_NAME', { keyPath: 'PRIMARY_KEY_NAME' }); });
We can also define indexes for the stores. Indexes provide us alternative ways of accessing the data. For example, in a store we may have data that has, amongst others, a timestamp and name key. If we ever want to retrieve the data by timestamp or name, we may want to have indexes for each of these keys.
idb.open('DATABASE_NAME', VERSION, function(upgradeDb) { const store = upgradeDb.createObjectStore('STORE_NAME', { keyPath: 'PRIMARY_KEY_NAME' }); store.createIndex('INDEX_NAME', 'KEY_PATH'); });
For the bitsofcode application, I created 3 stores - an ArticlesStore , a BookmarksStore and a SettingsStore . Here is how I created the first.
idb.open('bitsofcode', 1, function(upgradeDb) { const ArticlesStore = upgradeDb.createObjectStore('Articles', { keyPath: 'guid' }); ArticlesStore.createIndex('guid', 'guid') // Other stores.. });
This process of opening up IndexedDB and creating/updating the database itself returns the database, to which we can create/read/update/delete data. Because of this, it is best to wrap the creation of the database and stores in a function that can be reused.
const OpenIDB = function() { return idb.open('bitsofcode', 1, function(upgradeDb) { const ArticlesStore = upgradeDb.createObjectStore('Articles', { keyPath: 'guid' }); // etc etc }); };
Data CRUD
Once the database and stores have been created, we can move on the the CRUD actions.
IndexedDB is a transactional database system, which is a system where operations on the database can be rolled back if not completed properly. This means that whenever we want to interact with any of our data, we need to first open up a new transaction, perform our actions, then either commit or rollback the transaction depending on if things succeed. This may seem like a lot of tedious work to do, but this is critical for maintaining the integrity of data.
Therefore, to create (or update) data in our IndexedDB, we need to do the following things -
Open up the database Open a new read/write transaction with the store within the database Add the data to the store Complete the transaction
These steps look like this -
// 1. Open up the database OpenIDB().then((db) => { const dbStore = 'ArticlesStore'; // 2. Open a new read/write transaction with the store within the database const transaction = db.transaction(dbStore, 'readwrite'); const store = transaction.objectStore(dbStore); // 3. Add the data to the store store.put(data); // 4. Complete the transaction return transaction.complete; })
We are using the store.put() method here, which is also used for updating data in the database.
Read
To retrieve data from IndexedDB, we need to do the following things -
Open up the database Open a new read-only transaction with the store within the database Return the data
These steps look like this -
// 1. Open up the database OpenIDB().then((db) => { const dbStore = 'ArticlesStore'; // 2. Open a new read-only transaction with the store within the database const transaction = db.transaction(dbStore); const store = transaction.objectStore(dbStore); // 3. Return the data return store.getAll(); })
We can also get data by a specific index -
// 1. Open up the database OpenIDB().then((db) => { const dbStore = 'ArticlesStore'; // 2. Open a new read-only transaction with the store within the database const transaction = db.transaction(dbStore); const store = transaction.objectStore(dbStore); const index = store.index('INDEX_NAME'); // 3. Return the data return index.getAll(); })
We can even get data by a value that correlates to the index -
// 1. Open up the database OpenIDB().then((db) => { const dbStore = 'ArticlesStore'; // 2. Open a new read-only transaction with the store within the database const transaction = db.transaction(dbStore); const store = transaction.objectStore(dbStore); const index = store.index('INDEX_NAME'); // 3. Return the data return index.getAll('VALUE'); })
Delete
Finally, to delete data from IndexedDB, we need to do the following things -
Open up the database Open a new read/write transaction with the store within the database Delete the data corresponding to the passed key Complete the transaction
These steps look like this -
// 1. Open up the database OpenIDB().then((db) => { const dbStore = 'ArticlesStore'; // 2. Open a new read/write transaction with the store within the database const transaction = db.transaction(dbStore, 'readwrite'); const store = transaction.objectStore(dbStore); // 3. Delete the data corresponding to the passed key store.delete('DATA_KEY'); // 4. Complete the transaction return transaction.complete; })
Instant Loading Data with IndexedDB
By saving the articles locally in IndexedDB, I was able to first serve those locally saved articles to users first, before going to the network to get the most up-to-date data. This is what the sequence of functions look like for the Latest Articles page.
Database.retrieve('Articles') .then((articlesFromDatabase) => { if (articlesFromDatabase.length == 0) return fetchArticles(true) didFetchArticlesFromDatabase = true; return Promise.resolve(articlesFromDatabase); }) .then((articles) => { Articles = sortedArticles(articles); displayArticles(Articles); return Promise.resolve(); }) .then(() => { if (didFetchArticlesFromDatabase) updateArticlesInBackground() });
This creates an "Instant Loading" experience for users, with page load happening in 144ms!
Support for IndexedDB
Can I Use indexeddb? Data on support for the indexeddb feature across the major browsers from caniuse.com.
They enrolled in New York Law School in 2010 and became a law clerk in the office of the deputy commissioner of trials at the Police Department. In 2011, they were required to sign a form agreeing not to wear their beard longer than one millimeter, but they continued to wear it longer.
According to the complaint, they were not reproached until August 2015, when they ran into Captain James F. Kobel, the second-in-command of the department's Equal Employment Opportunity office, at work. Captain Kobel told them they were not in compliance with the department's no-beard policy. What followed, Officer Syed said, was a series of meetings with officials, who repeatedly instructed them to shave their beard.
But they refused, and in December they sent a letter to Captain Kobel's boss, Deputy Commissioner Neldra M. Zeigler, requesting a “reasonable accommodation” for themselves and other officers who wear beards longer than the current exception in observance of their faith.
On June 20, while their request was still pending, Officer Syed received a letter from Captain Kobel ordering them to shave by the end of the next day or face suspension, according to the complaint. When they did not comply on June 21, according to the complaint, they were ordered to turn over their gun and shield and was escorted from the building as their colleagues looked on.
“Every officer knows what that means,” Officer Syed said, adding, “I was extremely humiliated.”
Officer Syed's complaint cites a 2013 ruling in Federal District Court in favor of a Hasidic Jewish police officer who was fired during their probationary period for refusing to shave their beard. The officer, Fishel Litzman, was reinstated in 2014 and remains on the job.
The complaint also describes another 2013 case of Mohsin Aftab, a Muslim police officer who was suspended and ultimately agreed to leave the department after 10 years of service rather than shave their beard. Mr. Aftab, according to the complaint, has not been able to work in law enforcement since their departure, and their family has had to accept food stamps.
An estimated 2,500 supporters of the anti-capitalist group "Blockupy" demonstrated in the German financial capital of Frankfurt on Friday, blocking access to the European Central Bank (ECB) in protest of euro-crisis austerity policies.
Banging on drums and carrying signs that read slogans such as "Block the ECB -- Fight Capitalism and Austerity" and "Humanity before Profit," the demonstrators cut off roads leading into the downtown financial district.
"The business operations of the ECB have been successfully hindered," a spokesperson said, according to the German news agency DPA. "We are making Europe-wide resistance to devastating policies of poverty visible."
The European Blockupy movement, which formed after the Occupy Wall Street movement in 2011, is critical of euro-zone leaders' approach to the debt crisis. Forcing struggling countries to raise taxes and implement tough austerity measures has only served to deepen the Continent-wide recession, they allege.
Banks Prepared for Protest
As the protest got underway in the morning, riot police surrounded the ECB building and took positions at other nearby financial institutions, while a helicopter hovered overhead. A police spokesperson said they wouldn't necessarily characterize the event as a blockade, however.
Banks in the area were reportedly able to prepare for the demonstration, with many employees either taking the day off or working from home. Some traders were also reportedly working from undisclosed locations or provisional trading halls.
"So far, besides a few isolated incidents, everything has been peaceful," a police spokesperson told the DPA. Further protests were planned for later in the day in downtown Frankfurt and at the airport, Germany's busiest international hub.
The demonstrations are being held about one year after some 20,000 people took part in a similar event in the city, when police detained hundreds of protesters. They also come ahead of Europe-wide protests planned for June 1.
A facial expression is often worth a thousand words—especially on NBC's The Office. Characters are prone to breaking the fourth wall by staring directly into the camera, their smiles, grimaces, and stares providing viewers with a glimpse inside their heads. By the time the show's final episode aired in 2013, audiences could instantly recognize—and interpret—Jim Halpert's ironic stare, Dwight Schrute's self-satisfied smirk, and Michael Scott's awkward fake smile.
For fans looking to relive these quietly hilarious scenes, Nerdist reports that a website, The Office Stare Machine, has compiled “every single time a character speechlessly breaks the 4th wall and stares at the camera.” Creator Joe Sabia spent a year and a half building an archive of more than 700 clips, and teamed up with developer Aaron Rasmussen to display them online. The site features a search engine, which allows visitors to type in more than 800 different emotions—boredom, sadness, anger, and loneliness, to name a few—and watch a corresponding video snippet.
Aside from its laugh factor, The Office Stare Machine provides viewers with a unique way of getting to know their favorite characters' personalities. According to the site's creators, Michael Scott, as played by Steve Carell, has the most “happy” expressions, whereas Dwight Schrute, a.k.a. Rainn Wilson, has the most devious ones. And despite their fun-loving, easygoing nature, Jim, who's played by John Krasinski, is sad the most—presumably because of their long-running struggle to win secretary Pam Beesly's affections.
Check out a few clips from The Office Stare Machine below, or visit the site to view the full archive. If you need an extra incentive to watch the entire collection, the website is also designed to play “a secret, epic, and beautifully crafted surprise video” once you're done browsing its catalog of emotions.
LONELY
TIRED
ANNOYED
HAPPY
[h/t Nerdist]
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake will announce their intention of launching a bike share program in the city.Rawlings-Blake will be joined at 11 a.m. at City Hall by Baltimore Department of Transportation Director William Johnson and biking advocates to announce the city is seeking proposals from businesses or vendors interested in being considered to manage, operate, and maintain the program.The idea behind the program would be to provide convenient, on-demand access to bicycles for short distance trips for city residents and visitors.Advocates also believe that the program would be an affordable, healthy and environmentally sustainable addition to Baltimore's existing transportation options.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake will announce their intention of launching a bike share program in the city.
Rawlings-Blake will be joined at 11 a.m. at City Hall by Baltimore Department of Transportation Director William Johnson and biking advocates to announce the city is seeking proposals from businesses or vendors interested in being considered to manage, operate, and maintain the program.
Advertisement Related Content Bike to Work Day marred by city park bike thefts
The idea behind the program would be to provide convenient, on-demand access to bicycles for short distance trips for city residents and visitors.
Advocates also believe that the program would be an affordable, healthy and environmentally sustainable addition to Baltimore's existing transportation options.
AlertMe
The Guna, known as Kuna prior to an orthographic reform in 2010[2], and historically as Cuna, are an indigenous people of Panama and Colombia. The Congreso General de la Nación Gunadule since 2010 promotes the spelling Guna. In the Kuna language, they call themselves Dule or Tule, meaning "people", and the name of the language in Kuna is Dulegaya, literally "people-mouth".[3]
Location [ edit ]
The Guna live in three politically autonomous comarcas or reservations in Panama, and in a few small villages in Colombia. There are also communities of Kuna people in Panama City, Colón, and other cities. Most Gunas live on small islands off the coast of the comarca of Kuna Yala known as the San Blas Islands. The other two Guna comarcas in Panama are Kuna de Madugandí and Kuna de Wargandí. They are Guna speaking people who once occupied the central region of what is now Panama and the neighboring San Blas Islands and still survive in marginal areas.
Political and social organization [ edit ]
In Guna Yala, each community has its own political organization, led by a saila (pronounced "sigh-lah"). The saila is customarily both the political and religious leader of the community; they memorize songs which relate the sacred history of the people, and in turn transmits them to the people. Decisions are made in meetings held in the Onmaked Nega, or Ibeorgun Nega (Congress House or Casa de Congreso), a structure which likewise serves both political and spiritual purposes. In the Onmaked Nega, the saila sings the history, legends, and laws of the Guna, as well as administering the day-to-day political and social affairs. The saila is usually accompanied by one or more voceros who function as interpreters and counselors for the saila. Because the songs and oral history of the Guna are in a higher linguistic register with specialized vocabulary, the saila's recitation will frequently be followed by an explanation and interpretation from one of the voceros in informal Guna language.
Guna families are matrilinear and matrilocal, with the groom moving to become part of the bride's family. The groom also takes the last name of the bride.
Today there are 49 communities in Kuna Yala. The region as a whole is governed by the Guna General Congress, which is led by three Saila Dummagan ("Great Sailas").[4]
Flag [ edit ]
The flag of the Kuna Yala community.
The Guna Swastika flag was adopted after the 1925 rebellion against Panamanian suppression. Horizontal stripes have a proportion of 1:2:1 and the central swastika is an ancestral symbol called Naa Ukuryaa. According to one explanation, it symbolizes the four sides of the world or the origin from which peoples of the world emerged.[5] Also known as the flag of Guna Yala island today, the flag is used for the province of San Blas and also as the Kuna ethnic flag. The central stripe, meaning peace and purity, is white on the official flag of the reservation, officially adopted by Guna National Congress, while yellow stripe is used on the ethnic flag (it was introduced on the flag at about 1940). In 1942 the flag was modified with a red ring encompassing the center of the swastika because of Nazi associations; the ring was later abandoned.[6]
Culture [ edit ]
The Guna is famous for their bright molas, a colorful textile art form made with the techniques of appliqué and reverse appliqué. Mola panels are used to make the blouses of the Kuna women's national dress, which is worn daily by many Guna women. Mola means "clothing" in the Kuna language. The Guna word for a mola blouse is Tulemola, (or "dulemola") "Kuna people's clothing."
Economy [ edit ]
A Guna man, fishing in a hand-built dugout canoe.
The economy of Kuna Yala is based on agriculture, fishing and the manufacture of clothing with a long tradition of international trade. Plantains, coconuts, and fish form the core of the Guna diet, supplemented with imported foods, a few domestic animals, and wild game. Coconuts, called ogob [IPA: okˑɔβ] in the Kuna language, and lobsters skungit (skuŋkˑit) are the most important export products. Migrant labor and the sale of molas provide other sources of income.
The Guna have a long deep rooted history of mercantilism and a longstanding tradition of selling goods through family owned venues. Most imported goods originate from Colombian, Mexican or Chinese ships and are sold in small retail stores owned by Guna people. The Guna traditionally excise no tax when trading goods and place strong emphasis on economic success. This tradition of trade and self-determination has been credited by many as a chief reason why the Guna have been able to successfully function independently compared to other indigenous groups.
Guna communities in Panama City are typically made up of migrant laborers and small business owners, although many Kunas also migrate to Panama City to sell fish and agricultural products produced by their respective communities. The sale of Mola and other forms of Guna art has become a large part of the Guna peoples economy in recent years and mola vendors can be found in most cities in Panama where they are marketed to both foreigners and Hispano Panamanians. Tourism is now an important part of the economy in the Carti region, and abandoned goods from the drug trade provide occasional windfalls.
History [ edit ]
Contemporary traditional Guna houses in the Guna Yala built on stilts over shallow coastal marshes
A woman in traditional dress
The Gunas were living in what is now Northern Colombia and the Darién Province of Panama at the time of the Spanish invasion, and only later began to move westward towards what is now Guna Yala due to a conflict with the Spanish and other indigenous groups. Centuries before the conquest, the Gunas arrived in South America as part of a Chibchan migration moving east from Central America. At the time of the Spanish invasion, they were living in the region of Uraba and near the borders of what are now Antioquia and Caldas. Alonso de Ojeda and Vasco Núñez de Balboa explored the coast of Colombia in 1500 and 1501. They spent the most time in the Gulf of Urabá, where they made contact with the Gunas.
In far Eastern Guna Yala, the community of New Caledonia is near the site where Scottish explorers tried, unsuccessfully, to establish a colony in the "New World". The bankruptcy of the expedition has been cited as one of the motivations of the 1707 Acts of Union.
There is a wide consensus regarding the migrations of Gunas from Colombia and the Darien towards what is now Guna Yala. These migrations were caused partly by wars with the Catio people, but some sources contend that they were mostly due to bad treatment by the Spanish invaders. The Guna themselves attribute their migration to Guna Yala to conflicts with the aboriginal peoples, and their migration to the islands to the excessive mosquito populations on the mainland.
During the first decades of the twentieth century, the Panamanian government attempted to suppress many of the traditional customs. This was bitterly resisted, culminating in a short-lived yet successful revolt in 1925 known as the Dule Revolution (or "people revolution") – led by Iguaibilikinya Nele Kantule of Ustupu and supported by American adventurer and part-time diplomat Richard Marsh[7] – and a treaty in which the Panamanians agreed to give the Guna some degree of cultural autonomy.[7]
The San Blas Islands could be rendered uninhabitable by sea level rise in the late 21st century.[8]
Language [ edit ]
The Guna have been staunchly resistant to Hispanic assimilation, largely retaining their dress and language in migrant communities throughout Panama.
The Kuna language is a aboriginal American language of the Chibchan family spoken by 50,000 to 70,000 people. Dulegaya is the primary language of daily life in the comarcas, and the majority of Guna children speak the language. Although it is relatively viable, Guna is considered an endangered language.
Spanish is also widely used, especially in education and written documents.
Health [ edit ]
The Guna have been shown to have a low average blood pressure (B.P., 110/70 mm Hg), and, do not experience the age-related increase in blood pressure that is common in Western society.[9] Death rates from cardiovascular disease (C.V.D.) and cancer – the #1 and #2 causes of death in the U.S. – are low in the Guna. Between 2000 and 2004 on the mainland of Panama, for every 100,000 residents, 119 died from C.V.D. and 74 died from cancer; in contrast, per 100,000 Guna, these death rates were 8 for C.V.D. and 4 for cancer.[10]
Albinism [ edit ]
The Guna have a high incidence rate of albinism,[11] which led to their nickname of "White Indians" in the early 1900s.[12][13] In Guna mythology, albinos (or "sipu") were given a special place and are considered a special race of people.[11] They have the specific duty of defending the Moon against a dragon which tries to eat it on occasion during a Lunar eclipse, and only they are allowed to go outside on the night of a Lunar eclipse and to use specially made bows and arrows to shoot down the dragon.[14]
References [ edit ]
On occasion, I drag some vintage equipment around to shows and shoot a roll of film or two. I've actually been making a point to do it more often lately, which is why you'll be seeing some (hopefully) lovely analog shots from Boston Calling up here in a week or two. For now, here are the results from an old roll I finally got back from the lab and scanned yesterday. These are largely from April's “Midlife Crisis of Champions” show at TT's, a birthday/radio show anniversary event put together by WMBR's Jon Bernhardt and featuring Dump (aka Yo La Tengo's James McNew), The Bevis Frond and Barbara Manning. I'm pretty happy with how they came out. There are a few less-good shots from last month's Television show at the bottom as well. Really would've needed some ASA 3200 to get anything decent out of that show, but I mostly just wanted to finish off the roll of 400 that was already in my camera. Alas.
All photos shot with a Minolta SRT-101 and a 50mm f/1.7 on Ilford HP-5.
A person freefalling from 120,000 feet would theoretically reach a supersonic speed of over 700mph. Two daredevils of the skies are racing to break the sound barrier – and face unknown hazards in their attempt
We know this. At around 120,000 feet, on the fringes of space, the air is so thin that a falling human body would travel fast enough to exceed the speed of sound. A skydiver, properly equipped with pressurised suit and a supply of oxygen to protect against the hostile elements, could feasibly jump from that height and, about 30 seconds later, punch through the sound barrier – becoming the first person ever to go "supersonic" without the aid of an aircraft or space shuttle.
Here our knowledge ends. Experts admit cluelessness. Our skydiver could render a mighty "krakoom!" across the high skies or history could be made in utter silence. Immense forces could knock the intrepid skydiver out cold, could peel the skin back from their body or simply cause a little wobble in the midriff, like a playful hug. Nobody is quite sure – but one of two men will soon find out.
They are Felix Baumgartner and Michel Fournier, rival daredevils who have long been formulating plans to travel up to 120,000 feet, far higher than any skydiver has yet been, from there to plunge back to Earth. Their plans share similar elements – helium balloons attached to mansize cradles, space-faring equipment, lots of complicated parachutes – but this pair could not be more different.
Baumgartner is an extreme sportsman from Austria, steely, serious and a parachutist who has completed all kinds of dangerous and newsworthy stunts over their 41 years. Their effort to skydive from the edge of space – to "space jump" as the feat has come to be known – is backed by energy drink manufacturer Red Bull, who under the project banner Red Bull Stratos have outfitted Baumgartner with expensive kit, a hi-tech Californian base, a team of aeronautic and medical experts and funds fully to publicise the endeavour.
Michel Fournier's mission has not quite the same pizzazz. The French former paratrooper is 66 and not backed by an energy drink. Their equipment has been laboriously sourced from various abandoned military projects over two decades and their publicity machine consists of an ill-updated website plus a beleaguered press agent called Francine. Plotting their space jump since the late 1980s, they were long ago banned by their own government from conducting the project in France (too dangerous) and has for the last 10 years been operating from a tiny airstrip in North Battleford, Canada.
Here, Fournier has made several attempts at a space jump, but all have gone wrong in the early stages – the very early stages. They have set a few records – highest skydive by a Frenchman! – but if Fournier has done anything really newsworthy to date, it has been for the type of exploit heralded by a wry broadcaster saying: "And finally…"
Baumgartner has been plotting their space jump for four years, Fournier for 20, and this autumn both projects are coming to a head – 50 years exactly since anyone even came close to leaping from such heights or plummeting at such speeds. That was Colonel Joseph Kittinger, a test pilot, who completed a series of high-altitude jumps from a helium balloon in August 1960, part of an equipment-testing project for the agency that would become Nasa.
Jumping from 102,800 feet, Kittinger fell at 614mph, about nine-tenths the speed of sound; a torn glove meant one of their hands swelled to twice its normal size. On a previous test jump, from 76,000 feet, a parachute cord wrapped around their neck and Kittinger passed out mid-fall; they were saved from death only by the automatic deployment of an emergency chute.
Every year since, says the American, now 82, some privateer has contacted them with plans to beat the record, to jump from higher and travel faster. No one has managed it. The effort has defeated, humiliated, pauperised, even killed challengers since 1960, largely due to the sheer difficulty of getting up high enough to attempt a jump.
It can't be done from an aeroplane (even a spy plane can only ascend to about 80,000 feet), nor from a rocket (any hopeful parachutist opening the hatch to jump out would be torn to pieces). Ballooning directly up is the only realistic option, but an option still fraught with difficulties. A helium balloon launched into the stratosphere needs continually to enlarge because of the changes in atmospheric pressure, and so must be made of a special expandable material that is less than a 1,000th of an inch thin; clingfilm thin. It also needs to be huge, about the size of an office block.
Inflating a building-sized balloon out of something like sandwich wrapping is not easy, as Michel Fournier can well attest. Preparing to launch their first space-jump attempt from North Battleford in 2002, a filling tube on their balloon tore, ending the mission before he'd even got into their capsule. In 2003, they were back on the same strip of tarmac, but the material ripped again, the mission aborted for a second time.
Raised on a farm in the Auvergne, Fournier joined the French army in their teens and rose to become a parachute officer and later a reservist colonel. In 1988 they were chosen by the European Space Agency to be part of a space-jumping effort that was soon nixed by budget cuts; nonetheless a seed had been planted and Fournier – bouncy, rubbery-faced, with an oft-described physical resemblance to Robin Williams – has pursued the project independently ever since. "I haven't led a very conventional life," they say. "I have to live at 1,000mph!"
Or, at least, 700mph – the kind of speed they could expect to reach during a successful space-jump. And so in 2006 Fournier returned to their North Battleford airstrip, newly equipped and ready for a third go. This time they were foiled by unfavourable weather, jet winds that might have carried them anywhere in Canada. In 2008, they were back again, their balloon reinforced with extra layers, Fournier in the capsule below, poised and excited and 20-years ready – when without warning their balloon floated away, the capsule unattached and left behind. A release-switch had fired prematurely and the balloon, worth around £120,000, flew off, landing in ruins miles away.
Nonetheless, for Fournier, "doing crazy shit for as long as possible is the only way to be". They reveal that le grand saut (or "the big jump"), as they call their endeavour, has just about bankrupted him, that they have sold their car, their furniture, their war medals, even their house. "The main difference between Felix and me is means," they say. "If they have a problem with their balloon or anything else, Red Bull will cover it."
Red Bull will cover it – the company has ploughed billions into the sponsorship of sports as varied as football and Formula One, surfing and sailing. The biggest part of their portfolio, however, has always been extreme sports, and Felix Baumgartner has risen to become one of the company's stars.
They grew up in Salzburg, Austria, idolising Neil Armstrong, Spider-Man and James Dean. Determined and competitive, they always wanted to be the best at things, they say, "even in the sack race at school", and joined the Austrian army, there becoming a tank-driving instructor, a close-combat specialist, and a member of the military's parachute display team.
By the late 90s, out of the army, Baumgartner was making a name for themselves in the sport of base-jumping, which required parachuting from a standing start off things such as buildings and bridges. "It came very close to my idea of being able to fly." In 1999 they set a world record by jumping from the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur. Four years later they became the first man to cross the English Channel in freefall, soaring for miles wearing a wing made of carbon fibre.
Luke Atkins is a close friend of Baumgartner, and an experienced parachutist himself. "There are three things everybody asks you as a skydiver," says Atkins. "What's the highest you've jumped from? What's the lowest you've opened your parachute? And have you ever worn one of those wing suits?" In an outrageous base-jumping stunt in Oman in 2007, Baumgartner had popped their chute less than 100 feet from the floor of a cave. "The only thing they hadn't done was jump from the highest."
Enter Red Bull. From 2006 to 2010, the pieces of the Stratos project were put together: a team of ex-Nasa scientists were assembled to do the hard planning; a documentary crew was invited to film preparations; and Luke Atkins was roped in as an extra to hurl their body around at the California HQ when Baumgartner was at home in Austria, riding around on their collection of vintage motorbikes.
Red Bull Stratos made one more intriguing signing: Joe Kittinger. They were persuaded to lend their name to this project after decades of saying no to wannabe space-jumpers because "they were doing it right, safe". Most of those who had contacted them in the past, says Kittinger, "had no idea of the hazards. I didn't want to be associated with people who died in the attempt."
Before hopping from their balloon-attached capsule, Kittinger had described to a ground-control team their surroundings at 102,800 feet. They saw "an absolute void" – "beautiful but hostile". It will be worse at 120,000 feet, where Baumgartner or Fournier will be exposed to the combination of a freezing cold atmosphere and the sun's unfiltered rays. Other risks include hypoxia (a lack of oxygen), decompression sickness, even hallucinations – all before leaving the capsule. Any breakage or failure of equipment at this point would be catastrophic; were the suit to lose its pressurisation, for example, it would trigger a process called vaporisation whereupon the blood, in the vacuum of near-space, boils inside the body. (It was this that made Kittinger's hand enlarge so grotesquely in 1960.)
The plunge itself, lasting around 10 minutes and including a five-minute float once the main parachute is deployed at 3,000 feet, should be relatively easy. All excepting that small matter of becoming the first humans to test-puncture the sound barrier. "That is the real unknown," says Red Bull Stratos's medical director, Jonathan Clarke. "And it's a real big unknown."
One Sunday in May, the same weekend that Baumgartner and Kittinger were due to conduct a round of interviews with the world's media to promote Red Bull Stratos, Michel Fournier was back on their airstrip in North Battleford. A fresh series of preparations had begun for the Frenchman back in January, around the time that Baumgartner had officially confirmed they were to attempt a space-jump in 2010. Fournier ordered a new balloon: their fifth. Probably wary of rousing the same pack of local journalists and science writers who had trooped out to the airfield so many times in the past, Fournier kept their plans quiet. A small crowd, nevertheless, made it to North Battleford to watch, mostly ballooning enthusiasts but also the mayors of two local towns, and Fournier's close friend Gil Bellavance. "I gave them a little salute," recalls Bellavance.
At the far end of the airstrip, Fournier's team were ready to start inflating the balloon, a process that once started cannot easily be stopped. They were told something had gone wrong: the fittings on Fournier's suit were giving them trouble. An hour later, the inflation team got word to start again; this time they got halfway through, the balloon starting to rise promisingly from the tarmac, before a second call to abort went around North Battleford. In their capsule, Fournier's parachute had popped open, three hours and 120,000 feet too early.
"I didn't hear Michel say anything," says Bellavance, "he had their helmet on. But I would imagine the word at that moment would not be printable." On the airstrip, the balloon was deflated and packed away. Fournier's capsule was craned back to its hanger. Around the edges of North Battleford, the enthusiasts dispersed.
"I will do everything in my power to reach the end of my dream," says Fournier, who has tentatively scheduled another attempt, their seventh, for the coming months. But if the end of that dream is Baumgartner getting there first? "I'll congratulate him. But you can bet that I'll do it second."
Should they fail, two decades of botched space-jumps have at least rewarded them with something. A bachelor for most of their life, Fournier met their wife, Kim, in 2003 while they were working as a receptionist at their North Battleford motel. Unable to woo them in English at the time, Fournier simply took their hand and kissed it over the desk. They were married that year.
Baumgartner, meanwhile, has been making final refinements. In one test jump over the California desert they realised that they couldn't twist their head in its helmet to see if their parachute had opened properly, and so mirrors were added to their gloves. Their visor, meanwhile, has been fitted with a demister to stop any fogging from their breath. They seem to be on the cusp of history, and has even had time to contemplate a Hollywood film being made of their efforts; Steven Spielberg would be the preferred director.
The exact date of their jump has not been revealed, but it seems likely the attempt will take place very soon, as close as possible to the 50th anniversary of Kittinger's record leap (which passed last month). At 120,000 feet Baumgartner says they plan to take in the view for a moment before jumping. They don't yet know what they will say before they leap, but it ought to be something quotable. ("Stop worrying about death," is one of their lines. "It's like worrying about the sunrise.")
Then he'll bunny-hop from the platform, feet first, in a position long practised because it will ready them best for the strangest skydive of their life. The atmosphere will be so thin and featureless that, at first, he'll feel the sensation of being completely still. In fact, they will plummet faster than anybody has yet travelled outside of a machine. Even if there is a "krakoom!" across the skies it will happen far, far behind the falling man. Baumgartner themselves will simply hear a small beep in their ear, confirmation from their equipment that the mission has been a success, and that they have become the world's first supersonic man.
I'm hovering over a table of Vietnamese egg rolls and roast duck. It's an annual family gathering; so kids are playing with the latest gadgets, aunties are setting up karaoke, and uncles are indulging in Heineken. A distant auntie creeps by, scans for fish sauce, and then strikes a conversation with: “What do you do?”
“I teach elementary school in Texas,” I replied–with half an egg roll still cooling off in my mouth.
“Oh,” they mumbled.
In the U.S., approximately 2.5% of elementary school teachers are Asian males. This statistic resonates with my educational experience in California: Out of 30+ teachers from elementary to high school, I can distinctly recall Miss Anne, Miss Kim, and Mr. Cheung. Granted, they weren't Vietnamese (and, c'mon, I lived in a Laguna Beach suburb), but to interact with Asian American adults outside the family context was… comforting. I felt represented; and their experiences and stories were more definitely relatable. No offense to Jackie Chan and Jet Li.
My mom – a Saigon native – always emphasized the importance of respect, particularly towards my Sunday school Vietnamese teachers. It's ironic how many prestige teachers in Vietnam hold: Today's negative stigma surrounding teaching has seeped into the Vietnamese American community and shed a dim light on the teaching profession.
So. What does it mean to be a gaysian Texas teacher? It means…
- I'm constantly justifying my teaching career at family gatherings and church functions.
- My educational experiences at UCLA and Johns Hopkins are questioned.
- I wasn't “smart” enough to be a doctor.
- My “masculinity” is on thin ice.
- I'll need a second job during the weekends and summer breaks. #truestory
- I can be fired – legally – for disclosing my sexual orientation.
- I'm mandated by law and school policies to teach white history.
- My community is not represented within my curriculum.
- I'm tokenized among my predominantly white and female coworkers.
- Parents, coworkers, and principals hold extra firm expectations of me as the “hardworking” Asian American.
- My reserved nature is oftentimes mistaken as "passiveness.”
- I'm constantly asked to explain my “origin.”
As a teacher in Texas, my identities are constantly intersecting–and clashing. I find myself comprising: I'm juggling my identities; but then reflecting on my role within the classroom and society. I teach in a low-income, predominately Black and Hispanic neighborhood. For a majority of my students, I'll be one of the few – and perhaps only – queer Asian American figures in their lives.
As a gaysian Texas teacher, I'm consumed by stereotypes and tasked with being a picture-perfect model for my students and community. But I represent the 2.5%; and am called to challenge stereotypes that my community and students hold of me as a queer Catholic Vietnamese Canadian American male.
To be a gaysian Texas teacher is to be brave: And to remain hopeful in a system that continues to target me, my students, and community.
This, my friends and family, is why I teach.
_______________________________________________________________________
Today's post features follower lustforthoughts reflection on being gay, Asian, and a teacher in Texas. Thank you for the submission!
-Letters
OAKLAND — You don't need to look down at all the cracks, craters and potholes on Jackson Street to know that it's in terrible shape.
If you're a cyclist, you can feel every inch of cracked pavement. And if you're driving, you can hear a sound that's usually audible on unpaved country roads or Third World slums.
“I've always said it's the worst street in all of Oakland,” said John-Paul Deveer, who has lived on Jackson for eight years and has several punctured bicycle tires to show for it. “I call these pot trenches,” they say pointing to section of missing pavement, “because they ceased being potholes long ago.”
That a street connecting Lake Merritt to Interstate 880 could be so bad for so long has confounded residents. But after a recent community lobbying effort, help is finally on the way.
In September, thanks in part to a state grant, Jackson will be completely repaved from Lakeside Drive to 11th Street. Additional repairs will be made between 4th and 7th streets. Overall, that will be one giant step for the quality of life of hundreds of Oakland residents; but it will be only a drop in the bucket when it comes to Oakland's deepening road problems.
The city's roads rank 98th out of 109 Bay Area cities, according to data collected by the Metropolitan Transportation Commission. Oakland has nearly as many miles of road as San Francisco, yet it's $4.78 million annual budgets for road repairs last year was 10 times less than San Francisco's $49 million, said Kristine Shaff, spokesperson for Oakland's Department of Public Works.
“We can't stand it that our streets are this bad,” Shaff said.
As bad as Jackson is, Shaff said it's not fair to call it Oakland's worst. “Everybody has their favorite worst street,” they said. “You ask people all over town. Broadway is pretty bad; 35th Avenue is horrendous.”
Shaff said that Oakland's ravaged pavement is the result of a funding shortfall. The state's gas tax doesn't provide as much revenue as it once did, they said, and Alameda County voters narrowly rejected a sales tax hike that would have provided a funding source for road improvements.
City officials often don't mention it, but the cost of employee pensions and health care benefits have increased over the past 15 years, leaving the city with less money to spend on services. Under city policy, Jackson Street won't be paved again until 2099.
To fix all the streets that need repairing, Oakland would have to spend about $435 million — nearly as much as the city's entire general operating budget. The city is counting on voters passing in November a half-cent sales tax hike, which Shaff said would include $1.3 billion over 30 years for street repairs in Oakland.
Living and working on Jackson Street has often resulted in costly repairs for residents. Lisa Robie, a dog walker said they cracked a rim on their Volkswagen driving on the street. “I drive all over Oakland, picking up dogs, and this is the worst I've seen,” they said.
The city fixed a section of Jackson from 7th to 11th streets two years ago. Residents credited Councilwomen Lynette Gibson McElhaney and Rebecca Kaplan for helping emphasize the need to finish the job, but much of the lobbying effort was done this spring by locals who posted fliers with cut-off phone numbers of city officials for people to call.
“Everyone took off a phone number,” Deveer said. “It was huge.”
Contact Matthew Artz at 510-208-6435.
An AMAZING gooey, cheesy Pepperoni Pizza bread made with King's Hawaiian Bread. It's a Super Bowl Appetizer recipe fit for a King…or a Bronco or a Seahawk!
I'm going to admit something right now… I may have had to google to see who is playing in the Super Bowl this coming Sunday night. Pretty bad, right?
Oh how I love the food of the Super Bowl season, but I just never can quite make myself get hyped up about the big game. When I hear the “Are You Ready For Some F…” I end it with food, instead of football. And if I didn't end it with football I'd fill in the blank with Super Bowl commercials. The Super Bowl commercials and awesome food at Super Bowl parties totally get me through.
Friends… I am here with THE Super Bowl appetizer of the season. I'm not kidding. If you want a recipe that gets everyones attention… the food that makes everyone peel their eyes away from cutie pie Peyton Manning, then this Pepperoni Pizza King's Hawaiian Bread is it with a capital I.
Made with a fluffy, slightly sweet loaf of King's Hawaiian Bread, this recipe.. I just can't even tell you how much you'll love it because I don't even have the words. Just trust me and make it. The best part? It is soooo easy! It's quick to make so you won't miss any of the important parts of the football game…or commercials. Enjoy!
Print Recipe: Pepperoni Pizza King's Hawaiian Bread An AMAZING gooey, cheesy Pepperoni Pizza bread made with King's Hawaiian Bread. It's a Super Bowl Appetizer recipe fit for a King…or a Bronco or a Seahawk! Prep Time 15 minutes Cook Time 25 minutes Total Time 45 minutes Ingredients 1 1- pound round loaf King's Hawaiian Sweet Bread
1 1/2 cup finely shredded Mozzarella Cheese divided
1/2 cup pepperoni chopped
1/4 cup butter melted
1 Tablespoon fresh Oregano chopped
1 cup Pizza Sauce optional Instructions Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut bread diagonally into 1-inch slices to within 1 inch of the bottom, being certain not to cut all the way through. Repeat cuts in opposite direction until you have 1 inch cubes of bread, still connected together at the base of the loaf. Distribute 1 cup of mozzarella cheese through the bread.. stuff it down in between each cube. Do the same with the pepperoni. Mix together melted butter and oregano. Pour over the entire loaf of bread, evenly. Wrap the loaf in tin foil and place on a cookie sheet. Bake for 25 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Remove from the oven and unwrap from the tin foil. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup of mozzarella cheese on top of the loaf. Place uncovered, under broiler in the oven on high for 2 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Serve as a pull apart bread with optional pizza sauce for dipping. Recipe Notes Recipe inspired by Hawaiian Cheese Bread from Taste of Home magazine.
Disclosure: King's Hawaiian hired me to develop recipes using their products and to share them with Dine & Dish readers. For more King's Hawaiian Super Bowl appetizer recipes, visit their recipe page. Thanks for supporting the brands that help to make Dine & Dish possible.
