Action and adventure dominated sci-fi films in the 1980s, thanks in large part to the Star Wars craze. The decade is splattered with many bad films (Masters of the Universe), terrible movies (Superman IV) and unwatchable garbage (Flash Gordon). Even so, finding standouts was easy; narrowing the list to a manageable length was hard. So, to avoid a really long list, I again forced myself to a limit of 20. (Consequently, only one-Star Wars and one-Star Trek movie are represented here.) And also to keep the list manageable, the films had to be high in quality of writing, story, acting, direction, music, and etc.
20 Predators 1987
Great action flick, great premise, great ending! What starts out as a typical shoot-‘em-up turns into a terrifying game of cat and mouse between Arnie and a high-tech hunter alien. Hey, with the terrific line “I ain't got time to bleed!” how can you go wrong? ;)
19 The Element of Crime 1984
This Danish film is probably pretty obscure for most people, but if you noticed a pattern from my previous sci-fi lists, I have an affinity for movies that explore situations in a future dystopian society. In this intriguing film (a Sundance favorite when it came out) a detective uses controversial methods from their disgraced mentor to track down a serial killer. The world they live in is quite bleak, the detritus of civilization lies all around, and the seasons of the year have disappeared, replaced with ever-changing weather patterns.
18 The Final Countdown 1980
A U.S. nuclear aircraft carrier gets caught in a storm that sends the ship and crew back in time—to the day before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Starring Kirk Douglas, Martin Sheen and the great Charles Durning, The Final Countdown is one of the few truly good films to explore “What if…??”
17 Venus Wars 1989
Largely unknown in the U.S. until the fledgling Cartoon Network aired it frequently in the 1990s, Venus Wars came out on the heels of the awesome Akira. This tale of a war on Venus between the planet's two nation-states is based on a manga (Japanese comic), as are much anime. Most of the story follows a group of athletes-turned-rebels fighting the invaders of their land, and a reporter from Earth trying to follow the action.
16 The Quiet Earth 1985
I almost had Jeff Goldblum's The Fly here, but decided to list The Quiet Earth instead. Both are examples of science gone wrong, but I like New Zealand's The Quiet Earth better. The movie (based on the novel of the same name) explores how a person can go mad when they realize he's the only one left on Earth following a terrible catastrophe that they helped cause. The portrayals of Hobson's madness and how they pull back from the brink are both satisfying—especially because the latter happens before Hobson realizes that he's really not alone. The Quiet Earth ends on an uncertain note (a real WTF?!? moment) that makes you think long after the movie ends.
15 2010: The Year We Make Contact 1984
While nowhere near as grand as its predecessor, 2010 was quite a decent serious sci-fi flick. Nine years after the Discovery mission, a joint US-Soviet mission travels to Jupiter to unravel the mystery of what happened. 2010 diverts significantly from the novel— for example, the script was marred by the unnecessary backstory of nuclear tensions between the superpowers—but on the whole, the film was pretty good. The best part is the space walk from the Leonov to the Discovery. John Lithgow as Dr. Curnow all but panics while looking “down” on Jupiter, and the sound—Lithgow's rapid breathing inside their spacesuit—against this backdrop is just a great piece of filmmaking.
14 Cocoon 1985
Aliens use a pool as an incubator, which inadvertently rejuvenates several senior citizens out for a swim. It's actually quite good, and not your typical sci-fi fare. Give it a try. Don't let Steve Gutenberg scare you away.
13 ET: The Extraterrestrial
I know many people will cry foul that I didn't place ET higher on the list. I actually didn't want to list it at all, but I would be remiss in leaving it out because of my personal tastes. Sure, ET has some good moments, like when ET is watching soap operas and drinking beer, and Eliot, who's away at school, acts out everything ET sees and does. And yes, it's one of the most praised films of all time. But on the whole, I just don't like this film. I can't quite put my finger on it. Maybe it's because I'm supposed to like it. Perhaps it's just latent anger over that ridiculous Atari video game. Seriously, though, perhaps it's the notion that “government scientists” were the bad guys who would swoop in and take poor ET away to an uncertain fate when all the little guy wanted to do was get home. OK, fine, but wouldn't you think that ANY scientist who learns of an alien would be jumping out of their skin to at least TALK to it? It seems as if Spielberg just had to have bad guys to create some tension; so, they made dopes out of the scientists. (I also don't like Starman for pretty much the same reasons.)
12 The Abyss 1989
Navy SEALs join a crew in an experimental underwater oil rig to disarm a sunken nuclear sub. However, the crew keeps running up against NTIs—non-terrestrial intelligences—which live underwater. And a hurricane threatens the vessel their rig is attached to. The Abyss, starring Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio and Ed Harris, became a better film with the release of the director's cut: it's more rounded and has a killer final scene that didn't make it into the theaters.
11 Aliens 1986
Alien returns Sigourney Weaver's Ellen Ripley to the planet where the alien was first found—only now, “the corporation” has a colony there. There are more aliens and more scares, more violence, plus several terrific lines. (If you ever wondered where the wailing line “Game over, man! Game over!” came from, this is it.) However, it's not quite as good as the first movie—if for no other reason than the initial shock of the Alien is gone. But on a personal level, it has the only scene that ever made me jump 10 feet out of my chair in the theaters: The survivors are trapped in the medical center and their alien-detector scanners are going crazy. Aliens are closing in on them from all sides—but they don't see anything. They panic. Then one marine looks up to the ceiling, pokes their head through the tiles to look around, and…Well, see for yourself.
10 Robocop 1987
A cop (Peter Weller) is violently assaulted, leaving their body wrecked and near death.  They are rebuilt as a powerful cyborg and continues to fight crime. What makes this movie a truly great flick is not the action but the scene where Robopcop goes to what used to be their home and tries to find (recover?) their lost humanity. Warning: If you haven't seen this film, be aware that it is graphically violent.
9-Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan 1982
Nicholas Meyer made the best of all the Trek films. In Wrath of Khan, the title character (the incomparable late Ricardo Montablan) does their level best to get revenge upon Kirk for abandoning them some decades earlier. Even though in the ‘70s list I said that the first Trek movie was truer to the Trek spirit, Wrath of Khan is the best one made—especially because it pulls no punches with the ending and has a terrific James Horner soundtrack. The director's cut, occasionally seen on TV, is actually a better film, because it gives even more depth to Kirk's character—he's shown to be entirely fallible—and character is ultimately the key to great Trek.
8 Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind 1984
Internet Movie Database ranks Nausicaa in the top 50 sci-fi films of all time, and the placement is well-deserved. Nausicaa revolves around the title character defending their peaceful valley—and the creatures of the wild—from would-be conquerors. It takes place a millennium after a catastrophic event called “seven days of fire” (a nuclear war? an asteroid strike?) and has heavy environmental themes. Popular and celebrated when released in Japan in 1984, most American audiences never saw the full and unedited movie until 2005.
7 Icemen 1984
A primitive man frozen for 40,000 years is brought back to life in this eminently satisfying tale. Iceman is smart, well-played and uplifting. (Fun for anthropologists, too.) For me, it's a much more satisfying film than the overrated ET, because Iceman **seriously** explores whether the title character is an individual or a lab specimen.
6 The Terminator 1984
The Terminator is one of the most intriguing films ever made. Sure it's bloody and over the top in places, but on the whole, Arnie's first turn as the T-800 made cinema history. In this first movie, a human freedom fighter goes back in time to save the mother of the as-yet unborn resistance leader from the machines' seemingly unstoppable terminator.
5 Ghostbusters 1984
Who you gonna call? It had better be Netflix or some other movie rental business if you've never seen this terrific, fun and eminently quotable popcorn sci-fi flick. Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis are at the top of their game as hapless scientists in this ghost-hunting romp. Don't you ever wish you had an unlicensed nuclear accelerator strapped to your back? Favorite line: well, it's unquotable on a family site, (but it happens in the mayor's office right before the climax); so, I'll give my second favorite: A reporter asks Ray: “I guess you're the man to ask: How is Elvis and have you seen them lately?”
4 Back to the Future 1985
Fun, fun, fun. What an absolute romp. A teenager accidentally goes back in time and — (gulp) — is hit on by their mom. There are so many “best parts” in this film that it's hard to pick out even one. My favorite, though, comes when Marty, wearing the radiation suit, goes to see their dad in the middle of the night and scares the beezwax out of him. Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd are excellent. To quote Marty: “Trust me: Your kids are gonna love it.”
3 Blade Runners 1982
A bleak futuristic Los Angeles forms the background of this adaptation of the Philip K. Dick story, “Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?” Harrison Ford plays a detective who hunts rogue androids for a living. (I became a fan of Edward James Olmos after seeing this picture and was delighted when they returned to sci-fi in the new Battlestar Galactica.) I'm curious to see what fans think of the two versions. Is Blade Runner a better film with or without Rick Deckard's narration? What about the “happy” ending?
2 Akira 1988
The incredible film that made anime a household word, Akira is the granddaddy of all Japanese anime. It's intense. It's thrilling. It's mindboggling. It's … kind of gross in a couple of places. Akira's influence cannot be underestimated, and it deserves its reputation. Ten years after a nuclear devastation, the head of a biker gang in Neo Tokyo (Kaneda) watches as their friend Tetsuo slowly unravels while their mind powers increase fantastically. Not a movie for the faint of heart, but Akira is absolutely unforgettable.
1 The Empire Strikes Back 1980
Would you expect a Star Wars nerd to place any other 1980s' sci-fi film at the top of this list? I'm sure many will disagree with my choice, and that's fine. Have at it! (In fact, I almost placed Empire behind Akira and Blade Runner.) George Lucas outdid themselves in this sequel, and also did something very gutsy: They made the ending a cliffhanger. John Williams' score is, IMHO, the greatest movie soundtrack ever and a masterpiece on par with Beethoven's Fifth. I still thrill to the sight of those lumbering AT-ATs attacking Echo Base. The F/X of the much-maligned prequel trilogy is of course much better, but Empire is the heart of the entire saga.
Bonus Spaceballs 1987
For all of you who complained that I left Spaceballs off my list of great Star Wars spoofs (I beg your forgiveness!), here you go. Regardless, Mel Brooks' satire of the whole Star Wars phenomenon is superior in just about every way to the “Epic Movie” and “Date Movie” spoof-schlock of the present day. May the schwartz be with you!
Notable omissions: Tron; Superman II (I really don't like this film, and the director's cut, while interesting, is still an unfinished film); Buckaroo Banzai (it's OK, but not that great); 1983's Wargames (which was included on my nuclear war films list); The Road Warrior and Mad Max 3; The Last Starfighter; Weird Science; The Fly; and The Thing.
Contributor: STL Mo
If you keep up with the tuning scene, you are probably aware that German powerhouse HAMANN is one of the most exciting luxury car mod shops out there, constantly pushing the envelope and putting out extreme creations at every possible opportunity. The 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show took place right in their backyard and provided the perfect backdrop to showcase some of their best builds to date. The world premier of the HAMANN Ferrari California, HAMANN Victory Lamborghini Gallardo and HAMANN Tycoon Evo were all pretty spectacular.
In addition, a car which we saw at launch back in October of last year, the HAMANN Volcano, based on the Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren, was released as a Special Red IAA 2009 Edition. In its new livery it made quite an impression on us. As always, HAMANN provides a total conversion of this breathtaking vehicle best known for its outrageous price and racing-like performance.
The HAMANN Volcano builds on the SLR McLaren supercharged 5.4-liter V8 engine with a host of modifications including a new ECU, high-performance exhaust manifolds and sport exhaust end pipes, a revised belt pulley combination, the addition of a second water pump and updated gearbox electronics. A five-speed high-torque automatic transmission delivers power to the rear wheels. Producing 700 bhp with 612 lb-ft of torque, an increase of of 74 hp and 37 lb.-ft respectively, the Volcano can rocket from 0 to 62 mph in just 3.6 seconds. Top speed is rated at 216 mph, besting the SLR 722 by 7 mph.
The HAMANN Volcano has a plethora of carbon fiber bodywork pieces including a new front spoiler, side skirts and sheathing, a revised hood with scoop, rear diffuser and large rear wing. The company's EDITION RACE 21-inch wheels are mounted on all four corners and wrapped in 255/30 (front) and 345/25 (rear) tires.
Inside, the HAMANN SLR McLaren gets a host of custom-made carbon parts for the dashboard and center console along with plenty of aluminum on the pedals and door sills. Alcantera is strewn throughout with customers getting the choice of selecting various colors for the roof interior, pillars, cockpit, steering wheel and sun visors. In this case, the Special Red 2009 IAA Edition has a red carbon fiber and black Alcantera two-tone motif. No price has been released yet for the HAMANN Volcano showcased at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show, but we're guessing it's in the low seven digits.
Source: HAMANN
Even its author admits that a 20-page strategy paper for government departments on how to use Twitter might be regarded as "a bit of over the top" for a microblogging tool with a limit of 140 characters a message.
Indeed, the 5,382-word official "template",which translates into 36,215 characters and spaces, would need roughly 259 separate tweets to put the word around Whitehall using Twitter.
But It's author, Neil Williams, who describes themselves as head of corporate digital channels at Lord Mandelson's Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, admits that when they sat down to write a proper plan for their department's corporate Twitter account, "I was surprised by just how much there was to say ‑ and quite how worth saying it is."
Whitehall's official use of Twitter was pioneered by Downing Street, the Foreign Office and the Communities and Local Government department.
Their low-profile experiments have grown into a regular feature of their official digital output.
Now Williams, a self-confessed web geek, has turned their template into an official Whitehall Twitter guide and posted it on the Cabinet Office's digital engagement blog.
They suggest that nothing too onerous is involved. Each department's "digital media team" should only need to spend less than an hour a day running their Twitter streams. A quick discussion of potential tweets at the morning press cuttings meetings should be followed by emails to minister's private offices to gather more material, and any incoming messages should be replied to.
However, the idea of official government use of a tool that provides a confidential and confessional glimpse into somebody's personal life and views appears at first sight to be something of an oxymoron.
The official guide seems to acknowledge this when it recommends that exclusive content such as "insights from ministers" and "updates on their movements" in a light or humanised style will be needed for the Twitter stream beyond the "business as usual" content of daily press releases and announcements.
It also concedes there is a problem with one of the basic Twitter features, the ability to "follow" any other users. It admits that if government departments start following individual users on Twitter uninvited, this may well be interpreted as "interfering 'Big Brother'-like behaviour".
However, once anyone does follow a Whitehall Twitter stream it recommends they should automatically be "followed back" on the grounds that it is not only good etiquette, but could result in a poor Twitter reputation if not done ‑ and in extreme cases could lead to the account being suspended.
In urging their fellow Whitehall civil servants to use Twitter, Williams sets out several grounds rules for the kind of content that needs to make it work:
• Human: They warn that Twitter users can be hostile to the "over-use of automation" - such as RSS feeds – and to the regurgitation of press release headlines: "While corporate in message, the tone of our Twitter channel must therefore be informal spoken English, human-edited and for the most part written/paraphrased for the channel."
• Frequent: a minimum of two and maximum of 10 tweets per working day, with a minimum gap of 30 minutes between tweets to avoid flooding followers' Twitter streams. (Not counting @replies or live coverage of a crisis/event.) Downing Street spends 20 minutes on its Twitter stream with two-three tweets a day plus a few replies, five-six tweets a day in total.
• Timely: in keeping with the "zeitgeist" feel of Twitter, official tweets should be about issues of relevance today or events coming soon.
• Credible: while tweets may occasionally be "fun", their relationship to departmental objectives must be defensible.
Alongside the promised tweetable content of minsters' thoughts and reflections following key meetings and events is something rather more sinister sounding called "thought leadership". Also known as "linked blogging", the idea is that by highlighting relevant research, events, awards and other action elsewhere on the web, the department's Twitter feed gets a reputation as a reliable filter of high quality content.
It even holds out the promise of "crisis content" in which the Twitter feed becomes a primary channel alongside the official website for up to the minute guidance and advice in the event of a major incident.
Perhaps the biggest stumbling block is that in true Whitehall tradition everything that goes out has to be approved and cleared first. So news releases are to be cleared for use only if they have first been paraphrased for Twitter. All other tweets have to be cleared by staff at information officer grade in the digital media team and colleagues in ministers' private offices and communications units have to be consulted as well.
The guidelines recommend that "light-touch controls" will also be needed to prevent "inappropriate content" being published in error such as embargoed news releases, information about the location of ministers that could put their security at risk, or other commercially or politically sensitive content. Steps are also to be taken to avoid hacking or vandalism of content.
But it is perhaps the "tone of voice" that is most troubling about the idea of Whitehall twitter stream. "Though the account will be anonymous (ie, no named officials will be running it) it is helpful to define a hypothetical 'voice' so that tweets from multiple sources are presented in a consistent tone (including consistent use of pronouns)," recommends the official template.
"The department's Twitter voice will be that of the digital media team, positioning the channel as an extension of the main department website ‑ effectively an 'outpost' where new digital content is signposted throughout the day. This will be implicit, unless directly asked about by our followers," it advises.
Williams, the author of this template, launched the first ever blog by a British cabinet minister. They admit they once ran a comedy website called idiotica.co.uk but the Cabinet Office confirm that their Twitter guidelines are genuine.
DATE: Jul 20, 2012 | BY: Jenny Xu | Category: Sci-Fi
Steven Moffat has just announced that the millions of adoring Doctor fans will finally find out the truth about the man many have been following since the days of black and white. And what better time to reveal the Doctor's name than the series' fiftieth anniversary, coming up in 2013.
Moffat baits listeners at the San Diego Comic-Con by saying that the titular question, “Doctor Who?” is “tremendously important” and follows it up enigmatically (and rather smugly) with “And only I know why.”
Moffat, with their usual expert circumlocution, gives no further details as to when and how the question of the Doctor's name will be answered. All we have to speculate with is the prophecy uttered by Dorium Maldovar (or rather, their sentient severed head): “On the fields of Trenzalore, at the fall of the Eleventh, a question will be asked – one that must never be answered. And Silence will (or must) fall when the question is asked.” According to the Teselecta, it is also “The first question; the oldest question in the universe. Hidden in plain sight.”
Just one more obvious detail that we lesser beings have missed.
But if this question is finally answered, could it spell not only the doom of the silence, but also of the show? The fact that the Doctor does not have a name is a driving force behind the series; a mystery that, for many Who-fans, is on the same scale of how gravity works. Revealing the name seems like a very J.K.-Rowling-trying-to-satisfy-everyone-in-the-universe-by-writing-a-godawful-unnecessary-epilogue sort of thing to do.
So when exactly is the day of reckoning? “You'll see.”
Watch the full interview below:
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Authorities have released seven transgender men and women arrested on homosexuality-related charges, after police raided a house in Cameroon's capital of Yaoundé.
Last week, police arrested the men and women after smashing down the door and reportedly discovering men engaged in “prostitution and homosexual acts”.
According to IBT, four of the seven people were released on 8 October for lack of evidence, and the other three were freed earlier this week.
Officials say each individual will remain under close observation.
The police officer who led the arrests, Donatus Sembe, told news agency AP they would be re-arrested and put on trial if they engaged in “any deviant behaviour”.
Last week, they said: “Lesbians, gay men, men who sleep with men, women who sleep with women, men who act that way — all that is illegal. These are people who are controlled by an evil spirit.”
The raid came after the police were alerted by neighbours reported that the home was frequented by ‘effeminate homosexuals'.
Cameron's penal code, article 347 punishes “sexual relations between persons of the same sex” with up to five years in prison. Amnesty International says that arrests of gay people have increased since 2005.
Last year Cameroonian human rights lawyer Alice Nkom said that life for Cameroon's gay population had become a lot harder, following the murder of LGBT rights campaigner Eric Ohena Lembembe.
As the dirty old Integra tried to nudge its way into the drive-thru lineup in front of him, Christopher Smith did what any Tim Hortons customer might: Lowered their window to tell the driver they were in line first.
A short time later, Smith found themselves cut off and stopped on the highway as the driver of the Integra smashed their window, door and headlight with a sledge hammer.
Police never did learn who the driver was. But they did manage to find the vehicle's owner: Crystalina Jeanelle David.
And this week, a B.C. provincial court judge fined the Vancouver Island woman for driving without due care and attention even though they may not have been in the car at the time of the incident.
"This case is somewhat unusual in that Ms. David is charged as the registered owner of the vehicle involved in two related road rage incidents," Judicial Justice Brenda Edwards noted in their decision.
"The Crown does not allege that they were the driver of the vehicle."
Owner of car 'must be held liable'
The ruling is part of a mystery that saw RCMP reach out to the public in November 2013 to find the irate, scruffy hoodie-wearer who bumped Smiths' pickup in the drive-thru in Mill Bay, B.C., and then pursued them along the TransCanada.
It's also a glimpse into Motor Vehicle Act rules which say the owner of a car "must be held liable for any contravention" involving their vehicle.
The only exceptions are if the car was stolen or if they exercised "reasonable care and diligence" when they entrusted the car to someone else.
Smith was too shaken to get a licence plate at the time of the incident. But an eagle-eyed motorist saw the whole thing.
Dorothy Eis made a mental note of the licence plate number and wrote it down on the back of a receipt. Eis called the police after seeing a public plea for information in the newspaper.
They subsequently burned the slip of paper "believing that they had 'done my job' " and nothing more would be required.
Police tracked the car, an early 1990s Integra, to David, but weren't able to make contact with the 24-year-old until March 2014, despite leaving messages on their cell phone and with their parents
'No one else ever drove the vehicle'
At trial, David "testified definitively that no one else ever drove the vehicle and that they did not lend it to anyone and never had the keys out of their possession."
But they did note that at the time of the alleged road rage incidents, "she had a boyfriend who they described only as 'clean shaven' with short hair. They said that they did not wear hoodies."
Edwards said they accepted Smith's description of a traumatic attack. And Eis was unshaken in their faith that they had recorded the licence plate correctly.
"I have more difficulty in accepting the testimony of Ms. David," Edwards wrote.
It turned out that while they said they never loaned the car out, David's parents had driven it before. They admitted they couldn't say if they or someone else had driven the vehicle on the day in question.
And Edwards said David's contention they didn't get any of the messages police left for their "defies credibility."
Having established that David's car was involved in the incident and had not been stolen, Edwards found that David was guilty of two of the three Motor Vehicle Acts committed: Driving without due care and attention; and failing to remain at the scene of an accident.
David was fined a total of $736.
Los Angeles Dodgers right fielder Yasiel Puig heads for home to score the winning run as center fielder Matt Kemp jumps off the bench to celebrate. (Photo11: Jayne Kamin-Oncea, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights The Dodgers beat the Mets, 5-4
Adrian Gonzalez knocked in Yasiel Puig in the 12th inning
It was Los Angeles' sixth walk-off win of the year
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Yasiel Puig turned a slow bouncer past the Mets' diving shortstop into a one-out double in the 12th inning then scored on Adrian Gonzalez's two-base hit, lifting the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 5-4 victory over New York on Wednesday night that extended their winning streak to eight games.
Pinch-hitter Andre Ethier tied the game with a two-run homer off LaTroy Hawkins in the ninth. Ethier returned after sitting out a day earlier with tightness in their left calf.
Puig legged out a double that glanced off Omar Quintanilla's glove and into center field after going hitless in their first five at-bats. Gonzalez hit the next pitch off Pedro Feliciano (0-1) down the left field line, maintaining the Dodgers' 7 ½-game lead over the Arizona Diamondbacks in the NL West.
BOX SCORE: Dodgers 5, Mets 4 (12)
NEW EMPIRE: Dodgers take after Yankees
Paco Rodriguez (3-2) pitched 1 1-3 scoreless innings for the victory, the Dodgers' 12th in a row in one-run games, extending their franchise record.
The Dodgers completed a three-game sweep of the Mets with their sixth walk-off win of the season after trailing 4-0 early.
Los Angeles is 40-8 since June 22, the best 48-game run in the major leagues since the 1942 Cardinals went 41-7 from Aug. 11-Oct. 1, according to information provided by the Dodgers from the Elias Sports Bureau.
The Dodgers closed to 4-2 in the sixth on a fielder's choice groundout by Mark Ellis and a two-out RBI single by Jerry Hairston Jr.
Puig's defense sparkled on a bang-bang play in the second when Justin Turner singled to right field. Puig raced to pick up the ball and fired to third base to nail Marlon Byrd.
Byrd hit a three-run homer on a 3-0 pitch from Chris Capuano in the third, extending New York's lead to 4-0. Capuano gave up three consecutive one-out hits, including singles by Daniel Murphy and Josh Satin before Byrd connected.
Andrew Brown's RBI double with two outs in the second scored New York's first run.
Mets starter Dillon Gee allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings, struck out four and walked one.
Capuano gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings. The left-hander struck out three and walked two.
NOTES:
Mets RHP Jeremy Hefner was placed on the DL because of a torn MCL in their right elbow.  They are 0-2 with a 7.58 ERA in their last six starts. Manager Terry Collins said it's a chronic condition that is getting worse. "But we'll get them back this year," Collins said. "I do know there are a lot of guys who pitch with this. He's had this, and he's pitched with it, and they pitched pretty stinking good."... Dodgers SS Hanley Ramirez returned to the starting lineup after being limited to one pinch-hitting appearance since Aug. 4 because of a sore right shoulder. ... Although the Dodgers are starting to tout Puig and RHP Hyun-Jin Ryu as NL rookie of the year candidates, manager Don Mattingly said, "It's way too early for us to be talking about it." ... Dodgers co-owner Magic Johnson turned 54.
BASEBALL'S WALK-OFF CELEBRATIONS:
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Terry Firma
Over at the Huffington Post, Ali A. Rizvi has an eye-opener of a piece about militant Islam.
They start off with a quote.
“The ambassador answered us that [their right] was founded on the Laws of the Prophet, that it was written in their Koran, that all nations who should not have answered their authority were sinners, that it was their right and duty to make war upon them wherever they could be found, and to make slaves of all they could take as prisoners, and that every Mussulman who should be slain in battle was sure to go to Paradise.”
Guess who? Rizvi reveals that
The above passage is not a reference to a declaration by al Qaeda or some Iranian fatwa. They are the words of Thomas Jefferson, then the U.S. ambassador to France, reporting to Secretary of State John Jay a conversation he'd had with Sidi Haji Abdul Rahman Adja, Tripoli's envoy to London, in 1786 — more than two and a quarter centuries ago. That is before al Qaeda and the Taliban, before the creation of Israel or the Arab-Israeli conflict, before Khomeini, before Saudi Arabia, before drones, before most Americans even knew what jihad or Islam was, and, most importantly, well before the United States had engaged in a single military incursion overseas or even had an established foreign policy. At the time, thousands of American and European trade ships entering the Mediterranean had been targeted by pirates from the Muslim Barbary states (modern-day North Africa). More than a million Westerners had been kidnapped, imprisoned and enslaved. Tripoli was the nexus for these operations. Jefferson's attempts to negotiate resulted in deadlock, and they were told simply that the kidnapping and enslavement of the infidels would continue, tersely articulated by Adja in the exchange paraphrased above.
Adja's position wasn't a random one-off. This conflict continued for years, seminally resulting in the Treaty of Tripoli, signed into law by President John Adams in 1797. Article 11 of the document, a direct product of the United States' first-ever overseas conflict, contained these famous words, cementing America's fundamental commitment to secularism: “As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion; as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion, or tranquility, of Mussulmen; and, as the said States never entered into any war, or act of hostility against any Mahometan nation, it is declared by the parties, that no pretext, arising from religious opinions, shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries.”
Yes, the establishment of secularism in America back in the 18th century was largely related to a conflict with Islamist jihadism. So where did Abdul Rahman Adja's bin Laden-esque words come from? They couldn't have been a response to American imperialism (the start of the conflict precedes the presidency of George Washington), U.S. foreign policy, globalization, AIPAC or Islamophobia. Yet their words are virtually identical to those spouted ad nauseum by jihadists today who justify their bellicosity as a reaction to these U.S.-centric factors, which were nonexistent in Adja's time.
Now, Rizvi reaches their key point. If I could mind-beam it to every person in the West — especially to those who keep insisting that there is some elusive “root cause” to Islamic jihad that transcends religion — I'd be a happy man.
In the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings and the foiled al Qaeda-backed plot in Toronto, the “anything but jihad” brigade is out in full force again. If the perpetrators of such attacks say they were influenced by politics, nationalism, money, video games or hip-hop, we take their answers at face value. But when they repeatedly and consistently cite their religious beliefs as their central motivation, we back off, stroke our chins and suspect that there has to be something deeper at play, a “root cause.” The taboo against criticizing religion is still so astonishingly pervasive that centuries of hard lessons haven't yet opened our eyes to what has been apparent all along: It is often religion itself, not the “distortion,” “hijacking,” “misrepresentation” or “politicization” of religion, that is the root cause.
Next, here's Rizvi making short shrift of the feeble accusation every critic of Islam must swat away over and over: that we're “islamophobes.”
As an atheist Muslim (I'm not a believer, but I love Eid, the feasts of Ramadan and my Muslim family and friends), I could be jailed or executed in my country of birth, the country I grew up in and a host of other Muslim countries around the world for writing this very piece. Obviously, this is an unsettling, scary feeling for me. You may describe that fear as a very literal form of “Islamophobia.” But is that the same thing as anti-Muslim bigotry? No. Semantics matter here. As much as I have differences with the contents of Islam's canonical texts, I know that most Muslims are good, peaceful people who have barely read the Quran and seldom follow it except for the occasional cherry-picking and hearsay, much like the adherents of any other religion. Most of the 1 billion Muslims in the world (with the largest populations in Indonesia, India, Pakistan and Bangladesh) don't even understand Arabic.
My own incredulity over seething Muslim anger against Western makers of cartoons and satirical TV shows always leads me to this question: How puny is your faith that a few words of jest can injure it? How feather-light is your belief in Allah that a cartoonist drawing your prophet warrants you drawing your sword?
Rizvi, however, has a more substantial response:
It is important to understand why criticism, satire or mockery of any ideology isn't bigoted or racist. Criticizing capitalism does not make you an anti-capitalist “bigot.” Criticizing religious ideology is no different. No one is born pre-circumcised or pre-baptized with a hijab or a yarmulke sewn to their heads. It is clear now, as it always has been, that ethnicity, gender, age, nationality, educational status, financial status, citizenship status, marital status and family background have little to do with Islamist terrorism. Before the Russian Tsarnaevs from North Caucasus, we've had Richard Reid, the Hispanic Jose Padilla, the Nigerian underwear bomber, California's Adam Gadahn and others. The only common denominator among them is Islamic belief and religious fervor, which is not a race or ethnicity.
Their conclusion:
The “root causes” of jihadist terrorism are the same today as they were when Sidi Haji Abdul Rahman Adja said those historic words to Thomas Jefferson. We want to be honest about it so that we can actually do something about it. For the fast-growing secularist/humanist movement, criticism of religion isn't a demonstration of bigotry but a struggle against it. To us, bigotry against bigotry isn't bigotry, and intolerance of intolerance isn't intolerance.
[top image via Naval History and Heritage; bottom image via undhimmi]
By Nicholas West
A new type of court case is slowly but demonstrably taking shape within the American legal system: alleged crimes being detected from data supplied by smart home devices.
In December of last year an Arkansas murder case made headlines not so much for the death itself, but how a suspect was brought into custody. James Bates hosted a party at their Bentonville home on the night of November 21st, 2015. At some point during the event a man drowned in a hot tub on the property. Bates claimed to have found the victim the next morning when they awoke, stating that it was a tragic accident, but Arkansas police obtained smart water meter readings that showed an anomaly between 1 a.m. and 3 a.m. Based solely on this data – and obtained without a warrant – Bates was arrested and charged with 1st degree murder.
Somewhat ironically, James Bates subsequently requested recordings from their Amazon Echo to defend themselves against these charges. So far Amazon appears to be fighting this request. At stake could be the very nature of the 1st, 4th and 5th Amendments to the Constitution in addition to the freedom or incarceration of James Bates.
Meanwhile, another case has presented itself in New Mexico where a voice-activated smart device called law enforcement during an alleged altercation. As reported by ABC News:
Eduardo Barros was house-sitting with their girlfriend and their daughter Sunday night at a residence in Tijeras, some 15 miles east of Albuquerque. The couple got into an argument and the altercation became physical, according to the Bernalillo County Sheriff Department's spokesperson, Deputy Felicia Romero. Barros allegedly wielded a firearm and threatened to kill their girlfriend, asking her: “Did you call the sheriffs?” A smart speaker, which was hooked up to a surround sound system inside the home, recognized that as a voice command and called 911, Romero said. (Emphasis added)
After an hours-long standoff, the suspect was taken into custody and charged. In this case, law enforcement is touting smart technology as having “saved a life.” And apparently the presiding judge is accepting the evidence regardless of how it was obtained, saying that there was indeed probable cause for the arrest – no warrant needed.
Vin Armani and Aaron Dykes cover this emerging privacy crisis in the following two videos and how the American legal system might adjust to a modern life filled with pervasive surveillance devices.
Nicholas West writes for ActivistPost.com. They also write for Counter Markets agorist newsletter. Follow us at Twitter and Steemit.
This article may be freely republished in part or in full with author attribution and source link.
mistintrees:
randommakings:
thatshitaintpunk: THAT'S A FUCKING STRAIGHT JACKET FOR BABIES WHAT THE FUCK DON'T ADD A LITTLE SMILEY FACE WITH SOME HEARTS AND PUT THE WORD SNUGGLE IN THERE THAT'S HORRIFYING You guys have clearly never dealt with babies, it's called swaddling you dumbasses and it helps calm a baby down and it makes it easier for a mother to hold onto/nurse a very fussy baby.
also it makes babies less likely to like poke themselves in their eyes or scratch their faces up with their demon infant nails
seriously, baby nails are incredibly sharp and a baby does not need to claw themselves up
swaddling is an ancient as fuck technique to keep your baby warm, safe, and calm (it simulates being held which helps make babies chill) and this particular invention means swaddling without all the fabric which will help keep babies cooler in warm climates, and also allow for changing diapers and the like without unswaddling them
sit yo asses down and learn to care for a small hairless human
Dump the chat-up lines and act like a caveman if you're after a one-night stand, men told
Women after casual sex prefer 'aggressive courtship'
Men after a one-night stand should abandon clever chat-up lines and instead rely on their 'caveman' instincts, scientists have claimed.
Women seeking casual sex respond better when a male admirer gets straight to the point rather than pretending to be romantic, a study has revealed.
A survey of over 1,000 people found that men keen on a one-off night of passion were more likely to use aggressive strategies when flirting with women.
The 'caveman' approach to securing a one-night stand was said to be more effective, according to the sex study
Ineffective: Men who pretend to be romantic with sophisticated chat-up lines were less successful than those who cut straight to the chase, the research claims
Experts revealed that just like in Prehistoric times where courtship was often based on 'raw instinct' and men merely 'taking' women who look good to them, a similar strategy should be adopted now for men after a one-night stand.
Women were also more likely to respond to this type of 'aggressive' courtship, according to the 'Sex Roles' study by Kansas University.
Men with negative, sexist attitudes towards women - justifying male privilege - were also more likely to be assertive which may serve to 'put women in their place' in a submissive or yielding role during courtship.
Women with sexist attitudes towards members of their own gender were more responsive to aggressive men - suggesting they find men who treat them in a dominant way more desirable because it is consistent with their sexist ideology.
Dr Jeffrey Hall and Dr Melanie Canterberry, of Kansas University, said: 'Our results suggest assertive courtship strategies are a form of mutual identification of similarly sexist attitudes shared between courtship partners.
'Women who adopt sexist attitudes are more likely to prefer men who adopt similar attitudes. Not only do sexist men and women prefer partners who are like them, they prefer courtship strategies where men are the aggressors and wom en are the gatekeepers.'
In Prehistoric times life was much more about raw instinct than about cultural rules. So men merely 'took' women who looked good to them.
And the women that looked good were the ones who were the youngest, fittest, and prettiest. It was all about procreation - who might produce the best offspring.
Dr Hall and Dr Canterberry say men with a preference for one-night stands and negative sexist attitudes towards women are more likely to use aggressive courtship strategies.
They compete with other men who are also interested in the woman, tease the woman, and isolate them away from their friends.
In response, women with a preference for 'no strings attached' sex and negative attitudes towards other women are more likely to respond to men's aggressive strategies.
The researchers conducted two surveys, one of 363 college students and the second involving 850 adults via the internet.
Both male and female participants were asked about their sexist attitudes toward women and whether they were willing to take part in uncommitted or short-term sex.
Just after Netmarble acquired Marvel Contest of Champions, it has a big headache on its hands in the form of a player revolt.
South Korea's Netmarble acquired the Vancouver studio of Kabam, the maker of the Marvel game, in a transaction that closed last week. The studio launched a Patch 12.0 for the game, and it triggered an outburst of anger from players, who vented on sites such as Reddit. And those once loyal fans who generated more than $450 million in revenue for the game are quite mad.
“There are massive bugs across numerous characters that makes it seem like the game was not properly tested prior to this 12.0 update being released. You now have thousands of players flooding review boards, support pages, forum pages, Netmarble's pages etc.,” said Scott Donelle, one of the players, in an email to GamesBeat. “As well as Apple support and Google play support demanding refunds by the droves.”
In a statement, Netmarble's Kabam said, “Marvel Contest of Champions recently released a new game update as part of our ongoing efforts to maintain a balanced gameplay experience for all players. It was a substantial update, to address current imbalances and support larger future plans. However, the result was a game that changed more than we anticipated in a very short period of time. We've heard the players loud and clear and are taking their feedback seriously. We are in the midst of prepping a new update that will address the biggest problems and our players' concerns. Players can visit the Marvel Contest of Champions blog later today for more information on the upcoming changes.”
The company also posted a blog message for players.
Some of the fans still remember when Kabam faced a big player revolt for its Dragons of Atlantis game in 2013.
Here's one of the videos where the complaints are laid out.
Alianza FC vs. New York Red Bulls
ESTADIO CUSCATLAN, San Salvador, El Salvador
August 16, 2016 (CONCACAF Champions League)
9 pm ET (Facebook.com)
The New York Red Bulls will try to tighten their early grip on Group F as they face their first road challenge of the 2016-17 CONCACAF Champions League in San Salvador on Tuesday.
The Red Bulls are already 1-0 in group play heading into Tuesday's meeting with Salvadoran side Alianza FC at Estadio Cuscatlan. They used their depth to good effect in their opener -- and as tight as the Eastern Conference race is, with New York in third place but just two points off the lead, that could be the case again on Tuesday.
Overcoming history
The Red Bulls have gone out in the group stage in their two previous CCL appearances, with one victory in six matches. That came in 2014, when they opened with a 2-0 victory over FAS -- another Salvadoran side -- but then went 0-1-2 the rest of the way.
A victory on Tuesday would also be their first away from home, after opening this campaign with a 3-0 pasting of shorthanded Guatemalan side Antigua GFC on Aug. 3.
A tradition of success
Alianza qualified for this year's CCL by winning the 2015 Apertura in El Salvador's Primera Division, the club's 11th top-flight title since their founding in 1958. Alianza won the CONCACAF Champions Cup in 1967, the first title in that competition for a Central American team, and won the now-defunct UNCAF Club Championship in 1997. They have one CCL appearance under the new format, but were knocked out in head-to-head competition by FC Dallas before reaching the group stage in 2011-12.
USL experience
Their club never met New York Red Bulls II during the 2015 USL season, because the two sides play in different conferences, but Alianza forward Christopher Ramirez had a solid campaign for the third-tier Orange County Blues FC last year.
Ramirez scored eight goals in 25 appearances for the Blues, helping them to a first-place regular-season finish in the Western Conference while on loan from Salvadoran side Atletico Marte. They transferred to Alianza this summer.
By Andrew Liszewski
Cambridge Consultants' Prism through-wall radar product line has been around for a few years now, but the latest version, the 200c pictured above, is one of the more inconspicuous iterations. Using ultra-wideband signals the device is able to see through walls made of wood, concrete or bricks and provide a 3-D view of human movement and positions from front, side and overhead angles, making it easier to determine a threat situation before entering a building.
And because the latest version is one of the smallest and lightest yet, it can easily be hidden in a backpack allowing someone to simply lean back against a wall while wearing it to glean useful tactical info. The images produced by the Prism 200c system are then transmitted in real-time to a nearby PC or even a handheld device for analyzing, so the user doesn't look like they're actively spying on what's going on inside. As for the price? Since it's being targeted at police and military organizations, you'll probably need a good chunk of government funding to afford one.
[ PR – New design of through-wall radar enables increased covert surveillance ] VIA [ Fast Company ]
Worshipers had filed in for their weekly song and prayer service at First Baptist Church Sunday when a man clad in black, wearing a tactical vest and carrying an AR-15-style assault rifle, pulled into the parking lot, got out and opened fire. Soon the man made their way inside, and kept shooting, and shooting, and shooting.
But this was Texas. As the gunman exited the church, a neighbor with a gun opened fire on him, forcing the attacker to drop their weapon and flee in their SUV. The neighbor and another bystander in a truck followed in hot pursuit until the gunman drove off the side of the road, mortally wounded — perhaps by one of the neighbor's bullets, or perhaps by their own.
It was too late. Back in Sutherland Springs, a rural suburb 35 miles southeast of San Antonio, 26 churchgoers were dead and 20 more were wounded in the deadliest mass shooting in the modern history of Texas.
The victims included women and children who were targeted without remorse, including the daughter of the church's preacher. The victims' ages ranged from 5 to 72 years old.
Sources: Times reporting, Google Earth, MapZen, OpenStreetMap. Graphics reporting by John Savage and Raoul Rañoa Los Angeles Times
The gunman was identified as Devin P. Kelley , 26, a resident of Comal County, Texas, with a history of domestic violence but no other immediate sign of a possible motive.
“I've been talking to some community members. They think there was a relative there. It was not random,” said U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar (D-Texas), who was briefed by investigators. “There's going to be some sort of nexus between the shooter and this small community.… Somebody in that church will help us find answers.”
The attack reopened the emotional wounds of a nation only five weeks removed from the Las Vegas massacre of Oct. 1 that left 58 dead, with the two tragedies seemingly showing that there's no city either big or too small to become a potential target.
The death toll in Sunday's shooting surpassed Texas' previous deadliest, a 1991 massacre in Killeen that left 23 dead. The top five deadliest shootings in modern American history have now all come in the last 10 years.
President Trump, who was briefed on the attack on their trip to Asia, called it a “horrific shooting” in a “place of sacred worship.”
In a time of crisis, they said, "Americans will do what we do best: We pull together and join hands and lock arms, and through the tears and sadness we stand strong."
Wilson County Sheriff Joe D. Tackitt was more blunt. “We need your support,” they said at a news conference. “And media, don't blow it out there that it should have never happened, because it does happen. And we sincerely feel sorry for all the people who are involved.”
According to a sketchy police account of the incident, two people were killed outside the church, 23 people were killed inside and one person died after being taken to the hospital.
The deaths were a devastating shock to a community with only a few hundred residents. “I know at least five people who were killed,” said Chris Taylor, 59, who owns a gas station near the church.
“I lost a niece who was pregnant and three of their babies,” said 60-year-old George Hill, who lives in nearby Floresville.
Hill said their niece's oldest son was spared because they were sick and stayed home from church. “This is evil, but all things work for good for those who love the Lord,” Hill said. “We'll pull together, this community will pull together.”
Kelley was in the U.S. Air Force from 2010 to 2014 but left with a “bad conduct” discharge and was sentenced to 12 months' confinement after they were convicted of assaulting their wife and their child, according to an Air Force representative.
A Facebook profile under the gunman's name featured a photo of an AR-15-style semiautomatic rifle. In recent months, Kelley was adding strangers as friends on Facebook from "within 20 minutes" of the Sutherland Springs area and starting Facebook fights with them, according to area resident Johnathan Castillo.
Castillo accepted Kelley's friend request a couple of months ago, thinking that maybe they or their friends had met Kelley but hadn't remembered him. But Kelley soon proved to be troublesome.
“A lot of people were deleting him” for “starting drama” on Facebook, including sending insulting Facebook messages, Castillo said.
“It's like they went looking for it, you know what I mean?” Castillo said. “You can tell people who are defending their opinions versus someone who's looking to start something.”
Castillo said they were angry with the gunman, noting the picture of the rifle on Kelley's Facebook page, “making the rest of us who actually hunt look bad.”
A typo-riddled LinkedIn profile under Kelley's name featured Kelley in a photo with a baby and said that they were a “management consulting professional” from the San Antonio area who was in the Air Force. “I am a hardworking dedicated person,” the profile said. “I live by the core values on which the Air Force go by.”
The profile said Kelley taught “children ages 4-6 at vocational [vacation] bible schools helping their minds grow and prosper” at the Kingsville First Baptist Church.
Their interests on LinkedIn included “Animal Welfare,” “Children,” “Civil Rights and Social Action” and “Human Rights.”
Investigators have not given any possible motive for the attack.
“The details of this horrific act are still under investigation,” Texas Gov. Greg Abbott said in a statement before they headed to join local, state and federal officials at the scene. “I want to thank law enforcement for their response and ask that all Texans pray for the Sutherland Springs community during this time of mourning and loss.”
Those killed in the shootings included the daughter of the church's pastor, Frank Pomeroy, who was in Oklahoma when the shooting happened. Annabelle Renee Pomeroy was “one very beautiful, special child,” Pomeroy told ABC News, adding that the dead were all close friends of his.
At least 10 victims, including four children, were being treated at the University Health System in nearby San Antonio, the hospital said in a tweet.
Four members of one family were injured. Joann Ward and their three children were hurt, according to a family friend, Gracie Crews, of nearby Stockdale, Texas, who was at the hospital with the family.
Ward was unconscious when officials responded to the scene, and two of the children had to be flown by helicopter to a hospital, Crews said in a telephone interview. Crews estimated the children were between the ages of 5 and 8, and said that Saturday was Ward and their husband's anniversary.
“We got a call once we heard everything that went down. We rushed to the hospital immediately,” Crews said.
Other community members also hurried to help as news of the shooting spread by telephone, social media, “everything,” they said. “The community really rushed out.”
Eight patients with gunshot wounds were taken to Connally Memorial Medical Center in Floresville, according to spokesperson Megan Posey.
Four of the eight patients, including one in critical condition, were subsequently transferred to University Hospital, a major trauma center in San Antonio. Three were discharged, and one was listed as stable.
Families gathered outside the church and held hands as they cried and waited for news about the injured and the dead.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) called the reports of the shooting “devastating.”
“The people of Sutherland Springs need our prayers right now,” they said in a tweet.
The small church posted its Sunday services regularly on YouTube, and last Sunday's was built around a chapter from the Book of Proverbs and the theme, “You don't need training wheels, you need Christ!”
The service consisted of songs backed by an electric guitar and bass, and a long sermon by Pastor Pomeroy. As the service began, congregants milled about, hugging one another and shaking hands. They were a mix of ages, and it appeared clear they were close. As they greeted one another, the three-person band sang: “God is good, all the time, through the darkest night their light will shine.… If you're walking through the valley, and there are shadows all around, do not fear, they will guide you, they will keep you safe and sound.”
The church is small, and on this Sunday, was dominated by Pomeroy's Harley-Davidson motorcycle, parked in front of the pulpit. Pomeroy explained that it was there to illustrate their sermon, which was about “leaning into God” the way a biker leans into a curve, trusting that they won't fall. Pomeroy described recent rides with their daughter, Annabelle, who died in the shooting.
“It's been neat lately ... Annabelle's been wanting to ride with me, and going with me here and there,” they said.
They described going out for a ride that morning, when it was 34 degrees out. “She was a trouper; they did not complain.… They rode, and we had a good time coming in; it was a beautiful ride. Yes, it was a little chilly, but ... the sun was just coming up as we were riding down [County Road] 467 and we saw the sun starting to break over — that is a beautiful time to be on a motorcycle.… We had a good ride.”
Times staff writer Pearce reported from Los Angeles and special correspondent Savage from Sutherland Springs. Times staff writers Molly Hennessy-Fiske in Cairo, Mitchell Landsberg in Los Angeles, David Cloud in Washington and special correspondent Jenny Jarvie in Atlanta contributed to this report.
matt.pearce@latimes.com
UPDATES:
8:40 p.m.: The story was recast for clarity.
7:05 p.m.: The story was updated with information about the suspect's discharge from the U.S. Air Force in connection with a domestic violence charge.
5:25 p.m.: The story was updated with interviews with residents of Sutherland Springs, as well as comments from President Trump.
3:55 p.m.: The story was updated with additional details of the incident, based on a police press conference.
3:40 p.m. The story was updated with an official death toll of 26.
3:15 p.m.: The story was updated with the identification of the gunman.
2:35 p.m.: The story was updated with an interview about several injuries in one family.
1:15 p.m.: The story was updated with a county commissioner's report that more than 20 people are dead.
12:45 p.m.: This story was updated throughout with staff reporting.
11:26 a.m.: This story has been updated with a sheriff reporting multiple people were killed.
This story originally published at 11:05 a.m.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The White House has issued an astounding statement saying that President Trump is “not sure” of the purge of LGBT+ people in Chechnya.
Reports describe how more than 100 gay men have been detained, tortured and in some cases killed in Chechnya.
Victims are reportedly being beaten and tortured with electricity, as well as being forced to live with no water or food.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders was a question by Chris Johnson of the Washington Blade, on why there was no mention of the actions toward LGBT + people in Chechnya in a statement about the President's meeting with Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov.
Huckabee Sanders responded: “I'm sorry, could you speak up a little bit.”
Johnson added: “Is the reason why it wasn't included in the readout is because President is not informed about reports of anti-gay violence in Chechnya?”
Before the White House aide added: “Ah–uh, look, I mean a lot of times there are parts of the conversation that aren't specifically included in a readout. Umm, but, I'm not aware, I have not had that conversation. So I do not know, I was not part of that meeting. So I cannot speak to every detail and I would have to refer you to the readout on the specifics of what I know was discussed.”
But asked whether President Trump has been briefed at all about the purge, Huckabee Sanders continued: “That is something I would have to get back to you on. I am not one hundred present sure.”
Watch the astounding response below:
“It is shocking that the White House can't even confirm if President Trump is ‘aware' of the anti-LGBTQ violence in Chechnya. It seems President Trump is only aware of news that includes their own name,” said Sarah Kate Ellis, President and CEO of GLAAD.
“If President Trump doesn't join Ambassador Haley and other world leaders in condemning this humanitarian crisis, it is only further evidence that their Administration is working to force LGBTQ people around the globe back into the closet.”
The Russian LGBT Network has helped to evacuate 40 gay men from the region, with those involved describing the “deadly dangerous” situation they found there.
And the reports have been separately confirmed by Human Rights Watch and the International Crisis Group, both of which cite on-the-ground sources that appear to confirm gay men have been targeted for detention.
In its report, HRW said: “The information published by Novaya Gazeta is consistent with the reports Human Rights Watch recently received from numerous trusted sources, including sources on the ground.
“The number of sources and the consistency of the stories leaves us with no doubt that these devastating developments have indeed occurred.”
Petition: Stop the persecution of gay men in Chechnya
Following the initial reports, it was revealed that Chechnya authorities are forcing gay men into concentration camps, sparking an outcry from LGBT and human rights activists across the world.
A number of heart-breaking stories from the region have been shared, including stories of parents of gay people who were issued a warning to kill their children before police killed them in torture camps.
Department of Energy officials have spent seven years and $603 million to prove the commercial viability of biofuels, a major focus of the Obama administration's energy plan, but instead have missed their own goals and failed to make biorefineries commercially viable.
"We found that the Department had not successfully achieved commercial-scale operations even though the FOAs (Funding Opportunity Announcements) issued in 2006 and 2007 indicated that the proposed projects should be operational at the commercial scale within 3 to 4 years," the DOE inspector general said in a new report.
"Additionally, we found that the Department was not on target for achieving its 2014 production capacity goal of 100 million gallons of advanced biofuels."
The Energy Policy Act of 2005 required the DOE to demonstrate that advanced fuels like cellulosic biofuel, made from wood, grasses and other plants, are ready for the market and should be incorporated into energy strategies. The DOE's goal was to have three biorefineries running at commercial scale by 2012, and produce 100 million gallons of advanced biofuels by 2014.
But the largely stimulus-funded $929 million program has been troubled from the start. Six of the 15 projects given taxpayer dollars to make biofuels have been canceled after spending $75 million, according to the IG. The rest have encountered technical and financing problems and long environmental reviews.
DOE officials blamed the financial crisis and poor market conditions, but the IG identified another significant flaw in their program: Officials made their loan awards to projects they knew were not technically ready to produce biofuels at a commercial level.
"The Merit Review Committee for the 2006 FOA noted that none of the projects fully met the selection criteria and that each of the proposed projects possessed high-risk elements," the IG report said.
Not only did they move ahead with high-risk projects, but DOE officials actually more than doubled spending on the projects, despite being fully aware of their potential failure. The DOE increased funding from $160 million to $385 million in 2006, even though the projects had been identified as risky prospects.
The DOE claimed it met its 2012 goal of having three viable biorefineries, but none of them currently produces biofuels at a commercial scale, the IG said.
"As a result of the challenges we noted, the Department is likely to be further delayed in the successful implementation of a commercial-scale integrated biorefinery," the IG said.
"Additionally, project delays and terminations increase the risk of wasteful spending as the department may continue to fund projects that ultimately are terminated without achievement of the project objectives."
The IG recommended DOE officials ensure projects are technically ready at each stage before awarding funds for the next stage, and formally document both best practices and common reasons for delay or extra spending.
The Obama administration has been forced to keep lowering its biofuel requirements as producers struggle to keep up. The Environmental Protection Agency's 2013 Renewable Fuel Standard, which establishes the required levels of biofuel production each year, set a 6 million gallon targets for cellulosic biofuels in 2013. That's less than half the level in the proposed standard released in February 2013, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, and far less than the 1 billion gallon goal set by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007.
BRADENTON, Fla. (AP) — Michael Griffin knew they could no longer pretend their eyes were fine after they failed the vision test required to renew their driver's license.
They were 24, and doctors had told them 10 years earlier they had juvenile macular degeneration, a condition that can progress over years until causing partial or complete blindness.
They did not tell anyone about the diagnosis — not even their family.
"I was embarrassed to say I couldn't see," said Griffin, 37. "Looking back I wish I would have said something. I probably would have started college a lot earlier if I had the help I needed."
Now, about 13 years after they were denied their license, Griffin is working toward an associate degree in computer programming at the State College of Florida, with the hope of attending a four-year university and creating applications to help others with visual impairment.
This summer they were awarded a $2,500 scholarship from the American Council of the Blind and $500 from the council's Sarasota chapter.
Griffin does not use a cane or a guide dog. They can see, but their vision is blurred. They can see outlines of people walking in hallways and blurred images of letters marking buildings.
They zoom in so close on computer screens that they see one word at a time. When they scroll through their iPhone, their face hovers centimeters over the extra-large letters on the screen.
Elizabeth Dowdy, a Spanish professor at SCF who retired in February, said they were on the lookout for a cane and sunglasses when they learned they would have a visually impaired student. It wasn't until Griffin introduced themselves that they realized it was him.
When they began to bring a large laptop with them to class, Dowdy saw how they struggled to fit one word on the screen at a time.
"I'm thinking as a teacher they can't even see the whole word, how will they read sentences?" Dowdy said. "But they did it; they even developed their own software to keep up."
It was a struggle for Dowdy and Griffin, but Griffin's pleasant determination won Dowdy over. He's the only student who has their personal cellphone number.
Although reading their work quickly is difficult, Griffin has learned C++, Visual Basic and Python coding languages in their computer science courses. He's teaching themselves how to code C-Sharp, a language used for computer and phone applications.
Griffin's uncle, the Rev. Charles Williams, said their family was shocked when Griffin said they wanted to go back to school for computer programming. But they and other family members are proud of Griffin's resolve.
"It was huge for us," said Williams. "It's a testament for other people to see no matter your ability, you can be what you choose to be, and you have people who will help you."
Seriously, how? See for yourself. This was an entirely Mark Sheppard-less season opener... and still the one standout scene involved Mark Sheppard. Mostly because you can just imagine the look on theirs face.
Spoilers ahead...
I do not have much to say about Supernatural's ninth (!) season opener. I feel like this is the tenth time we've had a life-or-death battle inside Sam's brain, and at least this time there weren't two Sams fighting each other. And basically, at this point, everything bad that happens is either Castiel's fault or Dean's.
Advertisement
In a nutshell, even though Dean stopped the "closing the gates of Hell" ritual because Sammy was going to die, Sammy is dying anyway. Which doesn't seem all that surprising, and really makes you wish they'd actually closed the gates of Hell while they had the chance. So Dean puts out a general distress call to every one of the angels who fell from Heaven, hoping one of them can help. Some evil angels show up, but so does the apparently nice Ezekiel (Tahmoh Penikett) who possesses Sam, allowing them to heal Sam's body, and perpetrate whatever incredibly evil acts Ezekiel wants to perpetrate.
And along the way, inside Sam's head, Dean and Bobby play out a version of this scenario:
(With Bobby playing Anthony Ainley, because beard.)
And meanwhile, Castiel hasn't quite figured out that being fully human means they need to eat and drink water and go to the toilet, and this comes as a recurring shock to him. They meet a nice angel, who created the Grand Canyon and wants to go see it, but they turn out to have designs on Castiel's vessel. They crash their car and she's injured enough for them to stab them — but not before they warn that all the other angels are going to want to punish Castiel for their role in booting them all out of Heaven.
Advertisement
So basically, Dean is going to be confronting the results of their failure to close the gates of Hell, while everybody is going to be faced with the fallout from Castiel getting tricked into helping with the expulsion of all the angels from Heaven. If this show runs on angst (and it does) then it's going into season nine with a full tank of gas.
But we're still more excited about what (or rather who) is in the trunk.
UPDATE, 11:30 a.m.: We have an answer to the cause of the noise. Check out our latest report.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Silly question: How did you sleep last night?
We're asking because Staten Islanders are abuzz with questions Tuesday morning about a loud and unusual noise waking them up around 3:30 a.m.
So far the Advance has received more than a dozen calls from borough residents reporting the mysterious sound in the wee hours of the morning, from all shores.
Readers described it as a long rumbling sound that went on and off for a while.
Some guessed thunder. Some guessed low-flying planes. One suggested some sort of steam release from a plant in Linden, N.J.
Several Staten Islanders posted clips of the noise on social media.
The most clear one may have been posted by Facebook user Christina Cip:
Here's one posted by YouTube user Chris McKinley:
Here's another by YouTube user STiinyourface, who described it as a "loud banging":
Here's another from YouTube:
So -- did you hear the noise?
If so, tell us where you live, what you heard and what you think it is in the comment field below.
The U.S. Senate should revise its rules on filibusters and consent for judicial nominations in order to stop the growing trend of gridlock and indecision, argues a new report from the Council on Foreign Relations.
According to the report, over the past two decades, “[r]egular order has been breaking down in the Senate.” The document's author, Kay King, a former congressional staffer and now vice president of Washington Initiatives at CFR, pointed to legislative devices used to limit debate.
King specifically highlighted the abuse of the filibuster to shut down progress on legislation in the Senate. “A growing number of filibuster threats have led the leadership in both parties, when in the majority, to limit opportunities for debate and amendment of legislation that could be filibustered,” they wrote.
Senate rules require either “unanimous consent” or at least a supermajority of 60 votes for “cloture,” or an end to debate, so a bill may proceed to a vote. Filibuster rules allow a single Senator to block or delay Senate business under cover of extending debate.
This procedure came into practice only in the 1970s, when Senate rules were changed to accommodate objections by the minority party. Between 1985 and 2006, King reported, the number of filibusters grew from 40 to 68. After the Democrats took control of Congress in 2006, however, Republicans used the filibuster a record 139 times.
In the past two years, that number grew to 250, according to ThinkProgress.org, grinding action in the Senate to a snail's pace. This means that a disproportionate influence by a minority of U.S. Senators – representing an even smaller minority of the U.S. population. In the 111th Congress, 41 Republicans represented only about one third of Americans, and those who usually supported wasteful and harmful filibusters even fewer.
This abuse of the filibuster has resulted in stagnation on meaningful legislation. Filibuster threats meant that the economic stimulus package was smaller and more indirect than it could have been. The filibuster effectively killed the most cost-efficient and least-expensive portion of President Obama's plan for health reform, the public option. It blocked meaningful labor law reform that would have increased democracy in the workplace.
It has stalled progress on civil rights legislation, such as passage of the repeal of anti-gay “don't ask, don't tell” rules for the military and passage of the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to legal status for tens of thousands of undocumented immigrant youth through public service. It has stalled climate change legislation that would reduce pollution that causes global warming and creates important new investments in clean energy jobs. It has forced a delay on the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would close the gender wage cap, as well as prevented passage of the Employment Non-discrimination Act, which would eliminate job discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
In addition, Republican abuse of filibusters weakened or blocked financial aid to small businesses and states. It delayed funds to extend unemployment benefits to the country's 15 million officially unemployed workers. It stopped stronger regulations on big polluters like BP and Wall Street con artists.
The U.S. Senate was created as an inherently conservative institution to slow down real change by checking the will of the majority. The reason why it has been referred to as the “upper” house of Congress is that historically it has represented the class politics of the richest Americans. Because the filibuster isn't a Constitutional issue, the Senate itself can vote to change its own rules and decide on the procedures it will use to pass laws. It is time for a change, and Democrats in the Senate need to take the lead on making that change as the new session of Congress opens in January.
Image: Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., leads the current GOP Senate caucus, which has used the filibuster a record number of times. Photo by the Gage Skidmore // CC BY-SA 2.0
'I'm stuffed': migrants boggled by Aussie slang
Updated
While Australians might think we speak standard English, newly arrived migrants often struggle with the unusual colloquialisms that make up our everyday speech.
To overcome that language barrier, an Adelaide TAFE teacher has designed a website so people learning Australian English can translate some of the sayings they hear.
"No worries", "I reckon", "that'd be right", "flat out" and "give it a crack" are just a few of the phrases that leave some new migrants mystified.
The website's creator, Keturah de Klerk, says learning these Australian phrases is crucial for new migrants to feel part of society, and even to hold down their job.
Ms de Klerk, who teaches English at Adelaide TAFE, says it's not "coming the raw prawn" or other "bonza" cliched slang that confuses most new migrants to Australia.
They say the words they found the hardest to translate were often the ones in most common usage.
For example, the phrase "I'm stuffed" has at least three different meanings - "I'm tired," "I'm in trouble" or "I'm full".
"It's simple things, like last week I had some great news for my students. I said, 'guess what?' and they didn't know how to answer me," they said.
"[And there are others, such as] 'can you give us a hand' and 'take your time doing this'.
"Not to mention just irony and sarcasm, and giving a statement as a question like 'how good is this weather' - they think that they have to provide an answer."
And they say Australians have a habit of shortening words, which can confuse new migrants.
"Mozzies, sunnies, chewies, I'm defo - all these sorts of things," they said.
Ms de Klerk found students were constantly coming to them for advice on words they had never heard before arriving in Australia, even though they had learnt basic English.
"They would bring in their little tourist book with the lists of all the idioms and slang, but [it was always] the colourful stuff -"crikey", "sheila" and all that sort of thing, which is great but not overly helpful for them," they said.
'What's ta?'
Kavita Anil Gourd, who moved to Australia from India nine months ago, says it has taken time for them to get used to Australian vernacular.
"It is very hard for me because some words like 'hang on' and 'I reckon' I never understand," they said.
"Now I understand a little bit what the meaning of 'no worries','hang on' and everything."
Parvati Bhattarai, who came to Australia from Bhutan, says before doing the course they were constantly confused by Australian colloquialisms.
"They speak English but it is quite different from our tongue and our way of talking, and the most important thing for us is to learn the slang word and to understand the jokes," they said.
"When I get on the bus and the bus driver say 'ta'. Ta sound in my country has a very different meaning," said Kae Kwon from Korea.
"I tried to get on and they said 'ta'. What's 'ta'?"
And it's not just a matter of understanding casual conversation; Ms De Klerk says they know of some migrants who have lost their jobs because of basic communication barriers.
"We have students who we get qualified and who have the English level to get the job, but ... can't hold onto it because the boss sees them as not getting along socially with everyone, which ... has a high level of importance in Australia," they said.
"Students were having that problem maintaining their job because they were not feeling comfortable to be social with Australian people at work."
The Aussie slang classes are now spreading around the country, with other TAFEs introducing similar courses.
Ms de Klerk simply hopes their classes and the e-phrase website help new migrants make sense of Australian sayings that most of us take for granted.
Topics: community-and-society, immigration, education, adelaide-5000, australia, sa
First posted
The latest riot in Saharanpur, in which three lives were lost and property worth millions gutted, has shaken the nation. Even as efforts are on to bring peace in the district, the role of police has come under the scanner. Initial findings by the state administration suggest that the local administration could have prevented the riots if decisions were taken promptly.
Saharanpur mirrors the larger Indian reality. In the last two years, India's most populous state Uttar Pradesh has seen more than 200 riots. However, the state has failed to take appropriate measures to curb them. The state has the largest police force, but it also has the poorest police-population ratio.
As it is said that the devil lies in details, the state faces a huge staff crunch. UP has only 81 police officers per lakh against a sanctioned strength of 178 cops per lakh to serve the people. In terms of staff crunch, UP is the third lowest after West Bengal (78 per lakh) and Bihar (69 per lakh), according to a reply by Kiren Rijiju, minister of state of home affairs to a question on July 22 in Parliament.
Acute shortage of cops is not just Uttar Pradesh's story but of almost all states for dealing with regular crime, militancy and investigation. At the national level, against a sanctioned strength of 181 police per lakh, only 136 police officers have been employed. Several countries such as Canada (191.4), Italy (549.9), Spain (313.0), USA (223.6), have higher police-population ratio than India, according to a report by United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
The country is not only grappling with staff crunch in the police department but shockingly also in paramilitary forces.
The ministry of home affairs admitted in Parliament on July 16 that there are 71,520 vacancies in paramilitary forces. Among them, the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) (18,868) has the largest number of vacancies while Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), which provides integrated security cover to public sector undertakings and airports, is facing a staff crunch to the tune of 15,295. Similarly, the Indo Tibetan Border Police Force (ITBP) (13,462) and Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) (13,222) have more than 10,000 vacancies.
Such figures don't augur well for the country's internal security preparedness when around 34 districts in the country are Naxal-infested and another 83 are partially affected.
In the next two years, paramilitary forces are likely to face another chunk of staff shortage. Government estimates show that more than 90,000 posts are likely to fall vacant. With more than 35,000 posts, the CRPF tops the list while in the BSF more than 26,000 places are likely to fall vacant.
In the last five years, most paramilitary personnel took voluntary retirement and even resigned from service, mainly due to personal and domestic reasons, marital discords, personal enmity, mental illness and depression.
Shortage of officers has also hit the armed forces. This comes at a time when India has to defend its large international borders along Pakistan and China. More than 10,000 officers' posts lie vacant in the armed forces, according to minister for defence Arun Jaitley in a reply to Parliament on July 8. The Indian Army is short of 8,455 officers, the navy 1,672 officers and Indian Air Force has vacancy of 532 officers.
Earlier this year, the Standing Committee recommended a scientific study to find suitable vacancy for filling defence posts. The number of officers commissioned during 2009, 2010 & 2011 were 1,373; 1,488 and 1,780, respectively.
“The committee is dismayed to learn that against the satisfactory picture given by the (defence) ministry, the three forces are deficient in its strength of officers,” the report had said.
According to the report, the shortage of officers in the army is partly attributable to accretions, tough selection procedures, difficult service conditions coupled with perceived high degree of risk involved in service career.
With the recruitment process so slow, the question is how long India can continue to brave such shortages.
THE bomb that blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie was loaded on to the plane at Heathrow, not Malta, a new book on the tragedy claims.
To coincide with the 25th anniversary of the atrocity in which 270 people lost their lives, the book – written by a supporter of the man convicted of the bombing, Abdelbaset al Megrahi – claims prosecutors overlooked reams of forensic evidence as they sought to prove the bomb originated on an Air Malta flight to Frankfurt.
That led to the conviction of Megrahi, who died in Libya last year after being freed from Greenock Prison on compassionate grounds by the Scottish Government in 2009.
Dr Morag Kerr, the secretary-depute of the Justice for Megrahi committee, claims there is “irrefutable evidence” that the bag containing the bomb was planted in London. Them findings are presented in a new book, Adequately Explained by Stupidity? – Lockerbie, Luggage and Lies.
Sceptics of the Megrahi conviction last night claimed the book “destroyed” the Crown's case against the Libyan, the only man convicted of the crime.
Dr Kerr's book is based on what they call “detailed analysis” of forensic records which they say were not examined by prosecutors in the original trial.
Together with a fresh search of baggage records, witness statements and police memos, they claim it was “simple” to prove the bag containing the bomb was loaded into an aluminium baggage container at Heathrow.
They say their claims are corroborated by Heathrow handler John Bedford, who recalled that a brown Samsonite suitcase had appeared at the left-hand corner of the container after they returned from a tea break.
However, prosecutors said in court that a connection to Malta was proven through the large amount of blast-damaged clothing – bought and made on the island – which was in the bag which contained the bomb.
Megrahi was convicted unanimously by three senior judges following their trial in Camp Zeist, a decision which was then upheld unanimously by five judges in the Appeal Court. Before being allowed to return to Libya after their diagnosis with prostate cancer, they made the decision to discontinue appeal proceedings.
Dr Kerr, a vet who joined the Justice for Megrahi campaign in 2010, insisted: “I have proved the bomb originated at Heathrow.”
They added: “We convicted Megrahi on evidence that wouldn't support the issuing of a parking ticket, imprisoned them 1,800 miles from their home and family and turned them into an international hate figure while they were in the terminal stages of aggressive prostate cancer.”
They said a new independent inquiry should be set up.
“There is irrefutable evidence the bomb was in a suitcase seen at Heathrow before the feeder flight from Frankfurt landed,” they said. “Megrahi was nowhere near the place at the time and could not possibly have had anything to do with it. The Lockerbie investigation was horrifically bungled thanks to stupidity, carelessness and tunnel vision.”
However, a Crown Office spokesperson said: “The evidence of John Bedford, a baggage handler at Heathrow, was rigorously tested during the trial and subsequent appeal. The theory set out in this book was rejected as speculation by the court.”
They added: “The only appropriate forum for the determination of guilt or innocence is the criminal court, and Mr Megrahi was convicted unanimously by three senior judges. Their conviction was upheld unanimously by five judges, in an Appeal Court presided over by the Lord Justice General, Scotland's most senior judge.”
The findings are now with Police Scotland, which is continuing to study evidence into the case, nearly a quarter of a century after it took place.
Ottawa Fire says the HAZMAT team has been dispatched to the Amberwood Village Golf and Country Club in Stittsville.
A 9-1-1 call came in around 8:10 p.m. Friday on reports that an unknown acid had mixed with chlorine.
It's believed to have originated in the swimming pool area of the club.
Fire officials say at least 8 people were affected, but Paramedics later said that they had at least 13 patients.
At 20:15 we responded with @ottfire at a west-end golf course for up to 13 pt exposed to a mix of chlorine and acid. Update to follow. — Ottawa Paramedic Svc (@OttawaParamedic) June 24, 2017
Paramedics say none of the injuries are considered life-threatening, but have not released any further details.
Hazmat: local hospitals being notified. None of injuries considered life threatening at this time. — Ottawa Paramedic Svc (@OttawaParamedic) June 24, 2017
More to come.
Students in the U.K. will have to take mandatory classes about sex that include lessons on gay and transgender issues.
Starting in September 2019, all 5- to 16-year-old students will be required to take sex ed classes that are sensitive to all sexualities and identities, according to a Tuesday announcement from the U.K.'s Department of Education, the Telegraph reports.
The Department of Education explained it is also analyzing exactly what material will make up the new program and fully “expect[s] all schools to ensure that young people, whatever their developing sexuality or identity” feel comfortable with the program.
Many gay, transgender and queer activists, and some parents are happy with the new program. “We very much welcome the opportunity for all teachers, parents and young people to feed in their views on what relationships and sex education should look like,” said an LGBTQ Stonewall spokesperson, according to the Telegraph.
Others are skeptical of the program's appropriateness for such young children and don't think children who don't even have a firm grasp of vocabulary and numbers should be taught such material. “There is no ‘age-appropriate' way to teach primary school age children about homosexual relationships or transgenderism,” Campaign Director of the Coalition for Marriage, Thomas Pascoe, told the Telegraph.
They posit that schools including various sexual preferences in educational programs when students are not old enough to understand such concepts fully is not appropriate. “We should be teaching young children broad values of respect and tolerance, not ordering them to accept adult sexual relationships which they are far too young to understand,” they added.
The launch of these mandatory inclusive sex ed classes comes after U.K. schools recently began adopting a “Good Schools Guide” (GSG) to rate whether their teachers and policies are transgender friendly. The move came after some parents expressed discontent over school policies regarding transgender students and removed their transgender children from U.K. public schools, citing inadequate protection and anti-discrimination policies as the main reasons for pulling their children out of the school system.
“Over about the last 18 months or so, I have noticed this issue building up,” said Bernadette John, a director at the guide's consulting service, according to the Telegraph. “Families are coming to us when they feel they are left with no option but to pull their transgender child out of a school.” Inspectors from the Good Schools Guide (GSG) will also be testing school principals and teachers on how they address issues that arise from having transgender students in the classroom. (RELATED: Schools Now Getting Rated On How Friendly They Are To Trans Kids).
ALSO CHECK OUT:
Follow Grace on Twitter.
The Daily Caller News Foundation is working hard to balance out the biased American media. For as little as $3, you can help us. Freedom of speech isn't free. Make a one-time donation to support the quality, independent journalism of TheDCNF. We're not dependent on commercial or political support and we do not accept any government funding.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
War comes out of raw cracks (from Contemporary Russian Poetry: An Anthology. ed. Bunimovich & Kates)
Yuri Arabov
War comes out of raw cracks
and from oaken writing desks.
They sit among objects on larder racks,
at the bottom of cooking cups, in heads pressed together.
Them brother is a hunter who lost their whip
and got out of bed hairy like a wild boar.
You'll get plucked like a leaf, ripped,
and fly to the desert where the wind wanders.
Where, in the forest belt's dark fog,
a black mushroom scatters spores and shrivels
where Christ still sits upon a log
and won't end their talk with the Devil.
Comment:
War is real because it is immediately detestable. Even bullies and killers, those who like inflicting pain, find themselves cowardly and panicked when war has been fully brought to them.
So what do we do with the numerous, contradictory associations we have regarding war? The emotional logic doesn't add up, yet war is all too real. It seems both unjust and sloppy to label war (or a state of anarchy/tyranny) inherently illogical, inconsistent, non-sense. Those of you familiar with my impressions of Persepolis know this has been on my mind. Given how rapidly things change in a state of war, how bizarrely and basely people behave in short time spans, what are the implications for political philosophy? We can say man is more or less a conventional creature, sure. But what of our larger concepts? Nobility, education, voice mechanisms, justice, social contract reasoning, even the nature/convention distinction itself all seem imperiled by the speed things change. If it is so difficult to grasp post- (or pre-) political phenomena, then what sense does it make to have a conventional study of the creature positing conventions?
The poem begins not with war as change, but with two tricky associations to reconcile. Decay (“raw cracks”) and a penned vision (“oaken writing desks”) may have nothing to do with each other. Think through how much is implied in the mere hint of writing: is a desire for revolution the same as addressing injustice? These potential origins of war could have nothing with perceived everyday pressures. Maybe we go to war because we want more (“larder racks”); maybe we have nothing (“bottom of cooking cups”); maybe we're just frustrated (“heads pressed together”).
It does make some sense, then, that the brother of war is anger-frustration with at least the guise of necessity. And it does make some sense that war (a “she”) has a brother. We see clearly, though, that these associations are more ridiculous than logical. War as violent change might be a good place with which to start our considerations over. Ripped from trees like a leaf, we are now in a way directly experiencing war. Our claim on the future is null; our lives are suspended. That desert might as well be the forest. The mushroom produces a future, but at its own expense. The worst part about war is that good and evil are cosmic forces, talking and negotiating beyond us. As if our perceptions and doing of good and evil to each other were nonexistent. Our political science and rhetoric are limited in the face of others losing everything. What we ourselves are, in war, is unclear.
MONTREAL – Last Saturday was just another day at the office for Davy Arnaud: Their Montreal Impact broke an attendance record at the Olympic Stadium, they played up front and they scored a goal.
Summing up Arnaud's day this way would be somewhat of a stretch, but it is not that far from reality. Against the LA Galaxy, Arnaud traded their usual midfield position for a spot in the hole, behind a target forward, and opened the scoring in a 1-1 draw played in front of a record 60,860-strong crowd.
GOAL: Arnaud pushes it home
The situation was not entirely unlike Impact's home opener, a 1-1 tie against the Chicago Fire on March 17. While manager Jesse Marsch did not start Arnaud as a forward, they did swap positions with Sanna Nyassi before heading home the Impact's first-ever MLS goal in front of a then-record 58,912 fans.
Arnaud has been having success when playing higher up the field, and they always seem to deliver on the big occasions, though they confess they do not know exactly why that is the case. In the end, the Montreal skipper just wants to play, no matter where on the pitch.
“It's a role I'm happy to play,” Arnaud told reporters on Tuesday. “If Jesse wants me to play there [I will]. I've kind of been back and forth between there and the midfield this year. Either way, it doesn't really matter to me. Ultimately, Jesse's making decisions that they feel put our team in the best position to win games. I've been lucky: With two big attendances, I've had goals.”
Marsch recognizes the Impact's No. 22 could still be used as a forward, but they believe they will continue to “tweak with that as the season goes on.” Fittingly, Arnaud dropped back into midfield midway through the second half.
Moreover, the Montreal boss, well known for their burning desire to win during their playing days, is most pleased with Arnaud sharing a similar attitude.
“He's done well for us on the left, on the right, in the middle, at certain moments at right back, underneath the forward, and they haven't complained to me once for playing them at all these different spots,” Marsch said. “Davy's the kind of guy that just wants to go on the field and win. That's what they bring to us: that competitive nature, that mentality.”
Follow@olitremblay
This article is over 1 year old
From the NFL to the Macy's Thanksgiving parade, Donald Trump has turned once-neutral topics into a minefield. Our advice? Keep quiet
How to avoid a fight about Trump during Thanksgiving dinner
Football and turkey.Alongside cooking a giant bird, watching the NFL is a staple of Thanksgiving.
But this year, taking in the big hits with the extended family might not be so much fun.
Donald Trump has managed to politicize the game to such a degree that the seemingly innocuous pleasure of football-viewing could easily prompt a row. Or brawl.
Why are the players kneeling? Why are the players not kneeling? Does this disrespect the flag? Does it disrespect the flag enough? What about disrespecting the anthem?
A ‘festive garbage clam': the problem with Ivanka Trump's Thanksgiving centrepiece Read more
Football is clearly off limits. But is there any relatively neutral topic left that the president, has not ruined? It is not looking good:
DIY
“Roy's working on a bit of project in the backyard, aren't you Roy?” Aunt Nora says. Uncle Roy nods.
Someone asks what he's building. Roy tries to avoid the question. The family press them harder.
“I'm building a wall,” Roy says.
Silence. “What, to keep out the Mexicans?” someone quips.
Don't talk about building walls.
Macy's Thanksgiving parade
A fixture of Thanksgiving morning is watching a series of bloated, brightly-coloured, hot-air filled figures wobble their way down New York's Sixth Avenue.
Even setting aside the obvious parallels with Trump, the matter of Macy's long association with the parade is fraught with Trump-related problems.
That's because for a long time you, too, could look like Donald Trump, by swaddling yourself in ties, shirts and socks purchased from Macy's. The products, the majority of which were made in China, all captured Trump's signature flair.
But in 2015 Macy's stopped selling Trump-apparel after the 71-year-old former real estate developer referred to Mexican immigrants as “rapists”.
That is surely enough to anger both the ardent Trump supporter and the fashion conscious neutral, and means the parade is not safe territory.
Vacation
“Where are you going on holiday?”
“Egypt.”
“Fan of Sharia law, are you?”
It's only safe to talk about vacations if you're planning to visit Wisconsin.
Golf
A casual conversation about someone's golf handicap could – in the wrong hands, or simply in malicious hands – turn into a discussion of Trump's golfing habit.
Trump touts busy day of meetings – then appears to play golf Read more
Before Trump was president they spent a significant amount of time criticizing Barack Obama for playing golf. But since taking office Trump has played far more golf than Obama ever did.
Oh and apparently they also cheat.
Wine
“You can buy Trump wine you know,” someone says as a bottle is produced. The dinner, and wine as a concept, is forever ruined.
If you have to buy wine just don't buy it from the Trump winery. Not as a joke. It's not worth the potential fighting.
If reviews are to be believed the Trump vintage is also not worth the money. “Pungent. Like cheap perfume,” was the verdict from VinePair beverage website.
Verdict:
Avoid all references to people, places and things and family equilibrium should be fine.
When Danill Kvyat spun into the wall just before the final turn at Circuit of the Americas, showering the track with tire-shredding shards of carbon fiber and making a mess of their car, Bernd Mayländer was sitting where they always sit during a grand prix: in a wickedly fast Mercedes idling on pit row, watching the race on an iPad and hoping nothing goes wrong.
Mayländer, who is 44, bespectacled, and gray at the temples, drives the Formula 1 safety car. That makes them something of a shepherd: They gather the flock and protects it from harm when something goes awry. This is far harder than it sounds, even for a retired race car driver like Mayländer. Formula 1 cars are highly specialized machines capable of outrageous speed and remarkable handling. Mayländer has to keep up with them—and sometimes catch—driving a sports car you can drive off a dealer's lot.
They watch each race alongside co-driver Peter Tibbetts, who is 59 and also the sport's fuel analyst. “When we have nothing to do, it's nice to have someone to chat with,” Mayländer says in a soft German accent. Both men are strapped into firm, form-fitting seats. They wear blue race suits, matching helmets, and flame-retardant underwear. An iPad Mini affixed to their center console relays all manner of data about what's happening on the track; they'll glance at it from time to time while watching the race on another iPad bolted to the dashboard. Mayländer, who enjoyed a respectable racing career before taking this job in 2000, follows the action with a driver's interest, but mostly watches for trouble. It could be a crash, debris on the circuit, or an especially stupid fan strolling on the track as drivers streak by.
Parked next to them is an idling Mercedes station wagon driven by former professional racer Alan van der Merwe.  They are 35 and drives the medical car that carries a local doctor and Ian Roberts, the sport's rescue coordinator, to the worst accidents. They too are strapped in, watching the race on iPads. In the back of the car there's a great deal of communications equipment and two blue duffel bags full of medical gear. The two doctors can defibrillate, intubate, medicate, and do any number of other things to a driver requiring such care. “We can do pretty much everything from those two bags,” Roberts says.
The US Grand Prix in Austin, Texas, was treacherous, which, coupled with the world championship being on the line, made it especially exciting. Hurricane Patricia and other nasty weather combined to dump more than 6.5 inches of rain on the city in three days, turning the 3.4-mile circuit into a river. A Formula 1 race is actually three events. Practice sessions are held on Friday, when teams shake down their cars and drivers reacquaint themselves with the track. Saturday is about qualifying, which is when drivers race the clock to determine how they'll line up for Sunday's race. These things are scheduled to the minute, each building on the last as teams hone their strategy.
This, however, was not how things unfolded in Austin.
The storm started Friday and by mid-day was so violent that race officials called it quits before the drivers could finish practicing. It was worse Saturday, when most of the day was spent waiting for the weather to break so they could get on with qualifying. Mayländer, whose duties include checking track conditions in foul weather, went out at 3 to see where things stood. Even with traction control, a safety feature Mayländer uses only in the worst conditions, they fishtailed their way around the track, thrilling the few fans still on hand. “It was very slippery,” they say, which is a bit like saying Apple is profitable. Race officials decided it was too wet to race and called it a day.
Tom Fowlks for WIRED
It continued raining through the night and into the morning Sunday, but eased up just enough to slip and slide through two rounds of qualifying before everyone was brought in again. The rain let up in time for the race to start as scheduled at 2. Still, the track was so slick—drivers described it as “greasy”—that even the best of them had trouble keeping their cars correctly pointed. Just 12 finished the race; some were sidelined by mechanical problems, but more than a few ran right off the track.
Kvyat took the hardest hit. The 21-year-old, who drives for Red Bull Racing, ran wide out of Turn 19, a fast left-hander that is trickier than it looks and leaves little room for error. They hit a patch of wet turf, spun sharply and careered across the track into the wall. “Sorry guys. Sorry,” they said into their radio before unbuckling their black safety harness, climbing out of their blue car and walking away as a green tractor trundled in to carry it away.
Because the young Russian got out of the car on their own, the medical car stayed put. Had Kvyat been unresponsive, endured an impact of greater than 15G—something race control would have known at once, from sensors mounted in all the cars—or complained of back pain, van der Merwe would have been dispatched. Mayländer was sent out immediately with the command, "Safety car, go." They put their silver Mercedes-Benz AMG GT S in gear and took off down pit row at the maximum permitted speed of 50 mph. Before getting on the track, they checked their mirrors for traffic coming up behind him, then accelerated up the hill toward Turn 1 to begin corralling cars.
This is quite difficult, even for someone who's raced on some of the world's most demanding tracks. “The biggest challenge is for sure the first step—picking up the leader,” Mayländer says. The challenge lies in the nature of Formula 1 race cars. Such a car weighs about 1,400 pounds, produces about 850 horsepower, and generates enough downforce to maintain cornering speeds high enough to buckle your neck (which is why F1 drivers have necks like tree trunks). They also are a bit like thoroughbreds in that they work best at speed, when their tires and brakes and fluids are searing hot and enough air flows through their ornate bodywork to keep them from overheating. The trick to driving the safety car is having everyone moving quickly enough to keep the cars working and the drivers happy, but not so quickly that it poses a threat to track marshals and safety crews. “It's always difficult to set the proper pace,” Mayländer says.
Mayländer does this in a car that, aside from brake cooling ducts, a carbon fiber light bar, a trunk full of communications gear, and racing tires that are toast after 100 miles, is no different than a car anyone with $130,000 can buy. It even has a stereo, something Mayländer discovered while testing the car in Italy in February. They heard voices and suspected a problem with their headset until they realized the stereo was on. “It was Italian radio, and they're talking all the time,” they say with a laugh. The GT S weighs 3,600 pounds, produces 503 horsepower and has no downforce to speak of. Standing on the gas feels a bit like being hurled from a catapult and the car can do 193 flat out, but an F1 car can do 220 or so. “I'm really at the limit,” Mayländer says. “I always go as quick as I can.” It's easier on a tight course like Monaco, where the top speeds are lower, but Mayländer is really hustling on a long, fast circuit like Spa or Suzuka, two tracks they especially like.
The challenge is greater still for van der Merwe, who drives a Mercedes-Benz AMG C63 S, a station wagon almost as potent as the GT S. “It is an impressive bit of kit,” van der Merwe says, “but next to an F1 car, it is a sitting duck.” The medical car follows the pack for the first lap, when, statistically speaking, accidents are most likely to occur. Should anything go amiss, van der Merwe will slow down long enough for the two doctors to scan the scene for injured drivers. He's constantly checking their mirrors for cars coming up behind him. “When we come into pit lane and park, they're about 40 seconds behind us,” they say in their South African accent. “That's not much of a buffer.”
Mayländer is equally vigilant, relying on Tibbetts to keep watch for debris on the track, marshals on the sidelines, and race cars in the mirror while relaying information back to race control. They'll stay out until officials decide it's safe enough to resume racing. That might be a few laps, as was the case Sunday when the car driven by Marcus Ericcson of Sauber F1 coasted to a stop after an electrical failure. Every once in awhile, though, they circle the track over and over and over again, leading the field in what amounts to a parade because the rules strictly forbid passing behind the safety car. Such was the case during the 2011 Canadian Grand Prix, when Mayländer led the race through torrential rain for 28 laps.
Sunday was more typical though. They completed four laps while safety crews carted Kyvatt's car away and marshals scurried back and forth, sweeping up bits of very expensive bodywork. Mayländer came in on lap 46, parked alongside the medical car, and turned their attention back to the iPad on the dash, hoping nothing more would go wrong.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Gasoline prices fell for the 20th straight day, pushing the nationwide average down more than 25 cents, according to a survey of gas station credit card swipes released Wednesday.
Regular unleaded gas fell 0.9 cent to a nationwide average of $3.862 a gallon, said motorist advocacy group AAA.
Prices hit a record high of $4.114 at the pump on July 16. Since then, gasoline - and the future contracts of crude oil - have declined on signs that high prices have caused Americans to consume less.
Still, the price of a gallon of regular gas remains more than $1 higher than it was a year ago.
Ethanol. Faced with rising fuel costs, many drivers have turned to ethanol, which is made primarily from corn and is increasingly available in regions with strong agricultural industries such as the Midwest.
The price of E85, an 85% ethanol blend that also burns cleaner than straight gasoline, fell a penny to $3.132 a gallon on average, AAA reported.
While ethanol is derived from renewable sources, it is less efficient than gasoline. As a result, a car running on E85 would pay the equivalent of $4.122 per gallon to get the same mileage as gas, the AAA survey estimated.
Diesel. The average price of diesel fuel, which is used to power most trucks and commercial vehicles, fell to $4.633 a gallon from $4.644 the previous day, according to AAA.
Diesel prices have climbed more than 56% in the last year, driving up costs for businesses and inflating the prices of the goods and services those businesses provide.
State prices. The AAA survey, which averages data from credit card swipes at 85,000 fuel stations around the country, showed that gas remains above $4 a gallon in 11 states and the District of Columbia.
Gas in Alaska, the state with the highest prices, fell to an average of $4.63 a gallon from $4.646 the previous day. Hawaii, the state with the second highest prices, saw average prices rise slightly to $4.468. California, the state in third place, saw prices slip to $4.189 on average.
In Oklahoma, the state with the cheapest gas, prices rose slightly to $3.613 a gallon. In Missouri, the next cheapest state for gas, drivers paid $3.628 on average, followed by Minnesota at $3.642 a gallon.
Drivers in Hawaii, the state with the most expensive diesel, paid $5.391 a gallon for diesel. Diesel, on average, was cheapest in Oklahoma at $4.414, according to the AAA survey.
Have high gas prices spurred you to change your habits? Tell us how gas prices are impacting your life. Send us your photos and videos, or email us to share your story.
There was no day off to celebrate for Justin Trudeau, who won the Liberal Party leadership decisively Sunday night with more than 80 per cent of the vote.
Before Trudeau's first full day as leader had even begun, attack ads against them appeared on at least one television network and radio, as well as on YouTube in English and French.
They show Trudeau at a gala for the Canadian Liver Foundation in 2011 called "What a Girl Wants" taking off their shirt and striding back in forth in a sleeveless undershirt.
Interspersed through footage of the shirtless Trudeau, their hair long and flowing then, are clips of them suggesting that Quebec ought to become a country, or that Quebecers are simply better than everyone else, or that the word "barbaric" is inappropriate to describe violence against women.
The voiceover in the video suggests Trudeau has no judgment. It ends with a slow-motion sequence of Trudeau sighing and tossing their head, and then an animated signature of their name appears, drawn in stardust in a cartoonish way that caricatures the handwriting of a young girl. The announcer voice intones that Trudeau is in "way over their head."
Newly elected Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau arrives on Parliament Hill for their first day on the job as Liberal leader Monday. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press)
Asked in an interview with CBC a few weeks ago how it feels to be belittled (the new Tory ads aren't the first time Trudeau has been mocked), they said: "I've had people do that to me all my life. People, all my life, conclude things about me based on perception, based on prejudice, based on expectations that have nothing to do with reality."
Trudeau's appearance at the event — in which they removed their tie, jacket and shirt while participants bid for the right to go on a lunch date with them — raised $1,900 for the Canadian Liver Foundation.
Asked about the fact Trudeau was participating in a charity fundraiser, Conservative Party spokesperson Fred DeLorey replied in an email, "We believe Justin Trudeau's eagerness to perform a strip-tease, regardless of the venue or putative cause, says something about their judgment."
Trudeau did the same kind of performance a year earlier in 2010, again for charity. One of the people who attended that event was Laureen Harper, wife of Prime Minister Stephen Harper. Minister of Labour Lisa Raitt was also present.
Raitt told reporters Monday that while they supported the event, Trudeau's conduct showed a lack of judgment. "You wouldn't see me making that move, getting up on a walkway and taking clothes off in front of a bunch of men or women."
"What would be the conversation today if that was a female MP who had done that in a room of men, guys, why don't you think about that?" Raitt continued.
First question period as leader
In question period Monday, Trudeau questioned Harper for the first time as leader of the third party in the House of Commons.
Trudeau started off strongly in French, but the House of Commons translation service wasn't turned on and the Speaker stopped them in mid-sentence. They seemed thrown and had to read the question from theirs notes.
By the time Trudeau switched to English, they seemed to have found their rhythm again, asking about tariffs introduced in the government's spring budget that levy extra costs on goods such as bicycles. Trudeau hit on certain themes: the middle class, families, children and, in a likely retort to Conservative attack ads that pilloried them for their judgment, they questioned Harper's judgment.
"So now that the prime minister knows what's in their budget will they show good judgment, admit it's a tax, and repeal these taxes on middle-class Canadians?" Trudeau demanded.
They also invoked an image that might become as ubiquitous as the NDP's charge of an "iPod tax" — a tariff hike on "little red wagons" for children.
Harper repeated the same answer to each question: that their government has lowered taxes and that what the Liberals want is a break for emerging economies, particularly China.
A few weeks ago, a shaky Trudeau filled in for the then interim leader Bob Rae, and asked Harper questions, reading from notes and barely lifting their head. Harper, however, when they stood to answer Trudeau, seemed uneasy as well and twice began sentences by calling Trudeau a "minister" before they caught himself.
Discussing critics roles
Trudeau told CBC they were nervous during that exchange, having never done it before, and that they intended to get better.
After question period, Trudeau faced reporters in their first scrum as leader. Asked about the attack ads, they told reporters that people across the country have told them they're sick of the Conservatives' "bullying, negativism and cynicism," and that they intend to continue with what they call their positive message.
They added that since they were 4 or 5 years old, he's had "a microphone stuck in my face," and he's sure the Conservatives will pick through what he's said over the years. As for some of the remarks highlighted in the ads, such as the assertion that Quebecers are "better," Trudeau said, "I've learned better ways of expressing myself."
Trudeau said he's already chatted to former interim leader Bob Rae about a future role in the caucus, and they intend to speak to fellow leadership candidates Joyce Murray and Marc Garneau about what their critic roles might be before Wednesday's Liberal caucus meeting.
The one MP to whom Trudeau may owe a debt is Rae, who is credited with keeping a severely demoralized party together during the past two years. It's said that Rae might prefer to be the foreign affairs critic, a post currently held by Trudeau's old friend Dominic LeBlanc.
Rae, however, has just undertaken the responsibility of becoming the negotiator for First Nations in Ontario on sustainable development issues, and they may be too busy for a demanding position in the Liberal caucus.
Trudeau also told reporters they were less nervous during this question period although they say they saw it as a hurdle to be overcome, and added that he'll be doing many more in the months and years to come.
Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwal is taking on a Twitter troll whose message triggered an epileptic fit.
A United States reporter suffering from epilepsy is seeking the identity of a Twitter troll who sent them a message containing an image which triggered a seizure.
The image in question included a strobe effect with the words "you deserve a seizure for your posts" and was apparently sent in response to Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald's outspoken criticism of President-elect Donald Trump.
Eichenwald posted a signed copy of a Dallas County District Court order to Twitter on Tuesday which orders Twitter to preserve any information or documents regarding the person who sent the image.
The Newsweek reporter wrote Twitter had agreed to an expedited order and would not challenge the request for information.
Eichenwald is seeking the information for a potential lawsuit, which is likely to be against the person who sent the tweet since court document say they do not plan to sue Twitter.
A Twitter representative said the company did not comment on individual accounts or investigations, but guidelines on its website include a requirement for a court order or subpoena before it releases user information.
The deposition request, filed Monday, said Twitter suspended the account of @jew_goldstein "upon learning of the assault" and the sender had identified them or themselves with the alias Ari Goldstein.
The sender "succeeded in their effort to use Twitter as a means of committing assault, causing Petitioner to have a seizure which led to personal injury," Eichenwald's attorneys wrote.
Neither Eichenwald nor their attorney returned messages seeking comment.
Eichenwald told Good Morning America they had received numerous copycat strobe messages from "people who identify themselves as Trump supporters" and that they were reporting each of them to Twitter to ask the accounts be suspended.
"It is amazing to me that simply because I am a political reporter, simply because I write about Donald Trump that we have become so sick and twisted in this country that people think they have the right and obligation to inflict potentially very serious injury," they said.
Mark Bennett, a Houston criminal defence and free speech attorney, said they believed a lawsuit alleging physical harm from a tweet would be "novel".
"I don't know of a case where someone has been sued or prosecuted for speech online causing physical harm," they said.
"It's a tough sell because there's a lot of distance between the speech and the injury."
However, Houston attorney Joe Larsen, who is a board member of the Freedom of Information Foundation of Texas, said Eichenwald did not appear to be challenging the speech.
"I don't think it's fair to say (Eichenwald) is saying they were harmed by the form of speech. I don't think he's suing about that. I think the ultimate suit will be one for assault," they said.
AP
The Safer Texas Campaign is offering $10,000 to anyone in Texas who can prove that three statements claiming marijuana is safer than alcohol are incorrect.
The three statements are:
1. Alcohol is significantly more toxic than marijuana, making death by overdose far more likely with alcohol
2. The health effects from long-term alcohol consumption cause tens of thousands of more deaths in the U.S. annually than the health effects from the long-term consumption of marijuana
3. Violent crime committed by individuals intoxicated by alcohol is far more prevalent in the U.S. than violent crime committed by individuals intoxicated by marijuana only.
“We are confident that this $10,000 will not be claimed,” said Safer Texas Campaign manager Craig Johnson, when they posed the challenge.
The challenge echoes the theme of a book recently published by marijuana policy reformers, entitled Marijuana is Safer: So Why Are We Driving People to Drink?.
The book was authored by Steve Fox of the Marijuana Policy Project, Paul Armentano of NORML, and Mason Tvert of Safer Alternative For Enjoyable Recreation.
In an excerpt from their book published on AlterNet, they write that “researchers estimate that every year approximately 600,000 students between the ages of 18 and 24 are unintentionally injured while under the influence of alcohol.”
“Of course, those who drink are not the only ones adversely affected. Even more disturbing is the number of injuries to others that are caused by students under the influence of alcohol. Each year approximately 700,000 students between the ages of 18 and 24 are assaulted by students who have been drinking.”
Noting that many universities have begun trying to educate their students to consume alcohol responsibly, Fox, Armentano, and Tvert question why it is “not appropriate to suggest that they should ‘party responsibly' with a less harmful substance like marijuana instead?”
Unlike alcohol, they say, marijuana is not associated with assault or rape.
“Every objective study on alcohol and marijuana has shown marijuana is a much safer substance than alcohol to both the user and to society,” the Safer Texas Campaign writes in a statement.
The challenge proposed by the Safer Texas Campaign comes during growing debate over marijuana legalization in California. If passed by a statewide ballot, Proposition 19 would legalize recreational use of marijuana.
Some opponents of marijuana legalization claim it would have adverse affects on businesses because it would prevent employers from using the result of a marijuana drug test to screen out job candidates.
“It creates a whole new protected class of employees and ties employers' hands in maintaining a drug and alcohol-free workplace,” Erika Frank, general counsel for the California Chamber of Commerce, told MarketWatch.
“It's uncharted territory,” they said. “There are a lot of ambiguities the initiative creates that unfortunately won't be resolved until employers are sued.”
“If our elected officials can take millions of dollars from the alcohol industry, and make it easier for alcohol distributors to sell alcohol in cities, they simply do not have the credibility to continue marijuana prohibition and punishing adults for making the safer, rational choice of using marijuana instead of alcohol,” said Johnson.
Proposition 19 faces an uphill battle, despite the fact that its proponents just received a $1 million gift from billionaire George Soros. According to a CNN poll released on Wednesday, 53% of likely voters oppose Prop 19 while 45% support it.
GHAZNI, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A NATO helicopter killed at least one child and nine suspected Taliban fighters in Afghanistan's east on Saturday, officials and local residents said.
Afghan police stand near destroyed vehicles as they investigate at the site of an air strike in the southeastern town of Ghazni March 30, 2013. REUTERS/Mustafa Andaleb
Last month Afghan President Hamid Karzai forbade Afghan forces from calling for NATO air support and forbade international forces from using air strikes “in Afghan homes or villages” after Afghan forces called in a strike that killed 10 civilians.
NATO initially said that Saturday's strike was in support of Afghan troops - which would be in contravention of the president's orders - but later said new information showed the helicopter had struck the insurgents separately.
“This was an independently acquired and engaged target,” said ISAF spokesperson Major Adam Wojack.
There were conflicting reports on the death toll from the air strike. A Reuters reporter saw the bodies of two children. One was in school uniform. Local elder Jan Mohammad and other residents said they were killed in the air strike.
The reporter also saw the hand and foot of a toddler at the site of the air strike, but the circumstances of the death were not immediately clear.
Senior police detective Colonel Mohammad Hussain said nine Taliban and one school-age child were killed in the air strike. They also said a woman was killed and eight civilians were wounded in a firefight between Afghan security forces and insurgents.
The deaths, on the outskirts of the capital of Ghazni province, will reopen an often heated debate between those who blame NATO air strikes for civilian deaths and others who argue NATO air support is vital to protect Afghan security forces.
A statement from the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) said: “We are aware of reports of civilian casualties resulting from an engagement in Ghazni district, Ghazni province, this morning in which an Afghan security force was attacked by insurgents and returned fire.
“We can also confirm that later in the morning, in the same area, an attack helicopter engaged a group of insurgents with direct fire, killing or wounding several.”
“We take all allegations of civilian casualties seriously. Afghan and ISAF officials are assessing the incident,” the ISAF statement said.
Civilian casualties - particularly those caused by air strikes - are a significant source of friction between Karzai and their international allies as the United States and Afghanistan negotiate over the size of a future American military presence following the departure of most international troops by the end of 2014.
Some Afghan officials say privately that limiting air strikes exposes the 352,000-strong Afghan security forces to greater danger as they take over the responsibilities of international forces.
Foreign air power is especially critical to cover the mountainous regions near the Pakistani border.
I am devoting my life for the betterment of crores of people of Gujarat and India. Have been fortunate to always ge… https://t.co/9PX9gs6Ezh — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1513078227000
give the BJP an overwhelming majority +
No Gujarati will let go off a golden opportunity of development of our youth and coming generations. Victory of BJP… https://t.co/BoDfLAZl7P — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1513078204000
NEW DELHI: As campaigning for the second phase of the Gujarat Assembly elections came to an end, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday made an emotional plea to the state's people."With the Government of India and Government of Gujarat working together, the strength rises manifold. This 1+ 1 is not 2 but 11 and together we will take Gujarat to new heights," PM Modi said.In remarks that held a tinge of nostalgia, the PM recalled that it had been three and a half years since they "got the honour to travel across the length and breadth of Gujarat to seek the blessings of the people.""During my travels across Gujarat, the level of affection I have received from the people is unparalleled in my 40 years of public life. This affection gives me strength and motivates me to devote all my time for India's development," they said.He urged the people of the state to come out to vote in large numbers in the second and final phase of the elections, on December 14."I call upon the people of Gujarat to not onlybut also ensure that BJP wins in every polling booth across the state," they said.He charged the Opposition with spreading unimaginable lies about "Gujarat, Gujarat's growth and about me personally," even as they stressed that the state would respond to the "negativity and lies" in a fitting manner.In their appeal to the people, PM Modi also invoked Gujarati pride, saying that "it is natural for every Gujarati to feel hurt," in the face of the alleged falsehoods being spread.
Blockchain Connect Conference Will Unite China & US Experts to Set the Future of Blockchain
GlobeNewswire2017-12-11
Blockchain Connect Conference , set to attract blockchain professionals and enthusiasts from around the globe in January, will be the largest team-up to date between the two powerhouses in the fast-moving blockchain space: China and the U.S.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 11, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Blockchain Connect Conference will be held at the Palace of Fine Arts on January 26, 2018 in San Francisco. This conference will attract more than 1,000 blockchain practitioners worldwide. Well-known blockchain scientists, entrepreneurs, investors, developers and industry stakeholders from China, Japan, Singapore, and the U.S. to discuss the technological innovations, market dynamics, and development direction in the blockchain industry.
SV Insight will be hosting the conference, together with Draper Dragon, DHVC, Consensys, Bodhi, and BeeChat. SV Insight is a top-tier technology media company in the United States targeting Mandarin-speaking people. Draper Dragon is a cross-border high-tech investment fund between China and the United States. DHVC is one of the largest venture capital firms in the Silicon Valley. Consensys is a global blockchain giant, and the founder of Consensys, Joseph Lubin, is also a co-founder of Ethereum.
Because China and the U.S. are both powerhouses in blockchain, it is critical to understand the Chinese perspective to capture where Blockchain is headed. This conference will be the first intense dialogue between China and the United States in the global blockchain world. The collision of viewpoints from the world's top experts at the conference will also become the benchmark for the development trend of the worldwide blockchain in 2018. It is an indispensable meeting for blockchain ecological followers from China and the U.S.
Prominent guests at this conference will include Tim Draper, a Silicon Valley legend investor who invested in companies such as Skype, Tesla, and SpaceX; Brad Garlinghouse, the CEO of Ripple; the world's top five digital assets; Charlie Lee, the creator of Litecoin; Joseph Poon, co-author of the Lightning Network White Paper and Plasma, and other blockchain experts. More experts are waiting for the arrival of their invitations.
The theme of this conference is "Blockchain Technology Evolution in the United States and China". The keynote speech will focus on the growth of the blockchain in technology, commerce, and investment between China and the United States. Speakers will discuss topics on the forefront of the industry, including hard-fork and IFO, enterprise blockchain solutions, secrets of token exchanges and other topics. Specific topics include Building A Country Powered by Blockchain Technology; New Scaling Solutions for Blockchain; How to Build a Blockchain App with 1 Million Users in 2 Months; VC vs. ICO Funds: Token Valuation and Exit Strategy; What We Have Discovered from Over 10,000 White Papers, and more.
The conference aims to set up an open and professional exchange and cooperation platform for all participants, so all the investors, project partners, infrastructure providers, and professionals can have an excellent opportunity to connect with each other. There will be keynotes, panels, fireside chats, a VIP dinner, and other networking sessions at the conference. Thirty blockchain companies will be hosting exhibition booths and recruiting top talent.
To learn more, please visit www.goblockchainconnect.com.
About SV Insight
SV Insight is a leading tech media company bridging the gap between China and Silicon Valley. As a top-tier Chinese tech media company, SV Insight is dedicated to getting in-depth coverage of current and future trends in technology. It has covered more than 200 innovative companies and products around the world, having a best-seller book on Amazon China published in 2016.
CONTACT: Contact: Echo Zhang SV Insight Inc. 1720 S Amphlett Blvd, Ste. 100, San Mateo, CA 94402 E: echo.zhang@svinsight.com P: 415-672-0969
Wal-Mart's Walton family are parasites and moral pariahs and should be treated that way
The Winchester House, a sprawling Queen Anne Style Victorian mansion in San Jose, CA with no apparent rhyme or reason is a bizarre architectural manifestation of the guilty conscience (if not acute schizophrenia) of Sarah Winchester, widow of gun magnate William Wirt Winchester and one of the richest women in American history.
After the death of their baby daughter, and later their husband, Sarah Winchester came to believe that their family were haunted by the ghosts of people who had died by Winchester rifles, and that only by continuously building the spirits a home could they appease the ghosts (Through a medium their husband was alleged to have told them that the house must never be finished.)
I could not help but to think of Sarah Winchester when I read an item this morning on Business Insider that tells of how a Cleveland, Ohio-based Wal-Mart store is holding a food drive — for the very people who work there…
A sign in the store reads: “Please donate food items so associates in need can enjoy Thanksgiving dinner.”
Breathtaking isn't it? This is America's largest employer. THIS is how low things have gotten.
The Cleveland Plain Dealer quoted Norma Mills, a Wal-Mart customer complaining “That Wal-Mart would have the audacity to ask low-wage workers to donate food to other low-wage workers — to me, it is a moral outrage.”
Kory Lundberg, a Walmart spokesperson, said the food drive is proof that employees care about each other. “It is for associates who have had some hardships come up,” they said. “Maybe their spouse lost a job. “This is part of the company's culture to rally around associates and take care of them when they face extreme hardships,” they said.
Extreme hardships like working at fucking Wal-Mart!?!?
Wouldn't it be awesome if when someone told a lie, they'd just spontaneously combust? I would love that…
But what does any of this have to do with Sarah Winchester's guilty conscience, you ask? At least they had one. Sarah Winchester acutely felt the wages of death that made them so rich and it ruined their life.
As everyone should know by now, but it still bears repeating, the Walton family is the richest family in the world and they collectively own over 50% of Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer and second largest corporation. The family is worth a combined total of $150 billion as of August 2013 and the six most prominent members of the family have approximately the same net worth as the bottom 30% of American families combined.
They didn't do a goddamn thing to earn this money. Nothing. They inherited every cent of their billions.
Every item that is purchased at a Wal-Mart has a tax built in for the Walton family. The supply chain that reaches to factories in Chinese and Indian slums? There is a tariff at each stop along the way that goes, ultimately, into the Waltons' bank accounts. Think about it for two seconds, that is what's happening.
If it was a sea of faceless shareholders, well, that's harder to personify, but this is ONE family.
Wal-Mart is America's #1 private employer.
And they don't pay a living wage.
The Waltons live like pharaohs and their workforce can't afford the necessities of life. In a very real sense they and Wal-Mart are beginning to personify everything that's wrong with capitalism. A single family owning the equivalent of the collective wealth of the poorest third of the country? Could even Karl Marx have predicted THAT? It's preposterous and yet… it's the way things are.
If the Waltons wanted to change the fundamental fabric of American life for the better, they could raise their associates up to $20 an hour and set a powerful example for other companies to treat the people who DO ALL THE WORK with actual human dignity. If they did that—and studies have shown it wouldn't hurt their bottom line much at all, and even if it did, I think they can take the hit—well, it's a whole new America. It really would be.
But to hold back on improving the lives of so many people, that is one of the single most obscene things I can contemplate.
Up to the Waltons, of course, for now at least, but when the revolution comes—and it will eventually—it's their heads that are going to be on the ends of sharp sticks…
TopGear.com's Stephen Dobie had the opportunity to take a spin in the Jaguar F-Pace at the company's testing facility in snowy Arjeplog, Sweden. Their first impression of the marque's long-awaited sport-utility vehicle? "The omens for success look very good.”
On its winter handling:
"The AWD system in the F-Pace is set up similarly to an F-Type's", writes Dobie. "It's rear-biased, especially once you've toggled into Dynamic and loosened (or deactivated completely) the stability control. Which on a huge snowy drift circle with hundreds of metres of run-off, you will."
On the interior:
"The car we drove was officially a prototype, but camouflage aside, you'd never tell. The fit and finish was spot on and the interior lovely. XJ aside, it's the best cabin Jag makes."
On its rivals:
“This car wouldn't be the way it is if it wasn't for the [Porsche] Macan”, the F-Pace's engineering manager, Dave Shaw, told Dobie. “Porsche effectively said ‘ooh, look at what you can do' and we paused the programme for six to eight weeks, then all agreed we had to change and have been working at it ever since.”
On its future:
"This could become Jaguar's biggest seller. There's already a four-month waiting list and it starts at an entirely reasonable £34,170 [$41,985 in the US]."
Read the full story here, and if you haven't already done so, join the TG community on Facebook.
I've just returned from seeing Age of Ultron, which proved to be both formally a shambles and so ideologically toxic on every level that I found it difficult to enjoy even those isolated moments that provide competent entertainment.
There are several central areas that I want to explore in talking about this movie. I want to start with a question: on a structural level, what figures in this movie function as engines, and what figures function as fuel for those engines? What I mean is: there are characters in this movie that exist to drive the stories forward, and there are characters in this movie that exist to fuel those characters' driving. To me, it seems very clear that all of the engines in this movie are white men. Every other character in this movie exists as to fuel a white man.
The most strikingly obvious example of this is Natasha. It's strikingly obvious, of course, because this was so strikingly, obviously not their role in Captain America: The Winter Soldier. There, they were not an accessory to Steve; the reason for their participation in the story was that their own journey and goals intersected with his. A significant part of that story, in fact, dealt with Natasha and Steve's struggle to accept their need to work together in the face of their intersecting goals, and with their growing mutual realization that these intersecting goals spoke to some more essential foundation for trust.
In Age of Ultron, Natasha is in love with a dude. We're not exactly sure why she's in love with a dude— it's never explained or given any justification— they just are, okay, because she's a girl and he's a dude and that's how the story goes, apparently. Them entire story centers around their desire to be with this man. They feel like they can't be an Avenger? No problem, no biggie; Natasha will just quit the Avengers and they'll run away together. Never mind the life that they have committed to serving S.H.I.E.L.D. and working for justice; never mind the profound importance and intensity of their relationship with Nick Fury, which we saw laid out in CA:TWS; never mind their friendship with Steve; never mind their friendship with Hawkeye (which is, again, here fabricated out of nothing, but which is positioned as one of deep and extreme trust)— never mind the constellation of relationships to principles, institutions, and individuals that make up an actual person's life. Instead, they will jettison literally all of this if the man they love wants to run away. And if they don't want to be with them because they can't have children? Well, that's not a problem either, because they can't have children!
Much has already been written about this movie's viscerally unpleasant and irresponsible treatment of fertility in the scene in which Natasha reveals that they are a “monster” because they have been sterilized. However, this scene also connects to a vein of aggressive and sexist heteronormativity that extends beyond that scene. Clint's “safehouse—” a rustic little postcard of Americana— comprises a beautiful farm that is kept by their heavily pregnant wife and two children. We learn nothing about their wife beyond their name; they exist in the story plainly and purely to be Clint's wife: a pure incarnation of the domestic sphere who is literally set off from the rest of the world in order to provide their husband peace. So idyllic is this version of life, apparently, that by the end of the film, Tony has decided it might be what they want— they mention, in a throwaway line, getting a place like that for Pepper.
Let's pause for a moment to examine this “throwaway” line. Tony Stark has just casually, with no evident clue that this is a joke, imagined putting Pepper Potts— one of the world's most powerful people, presumably, as the CEO of a megacorporation, and a woman who, when we last saw her, had just taken out a supervillain with fire that they could create from their body—not to mention a woman who by every appearance thoroughly enjoys the cosmopolitan worlds of modern art and fashion— on a farm in the country, so Tony could retire there and keep them safe. This is an astounding.
Yet this extreme of heteronormativity— the happy nuclear family, with a mom and dad and kids— is presented, uninterrogated, as the dream of virtually all of our characters. Not only does Natasha view themselves as “monstrous” because they are incapable of bearing children, but Bruce assumes that a woman would not want to be with them because they can't provide them with children. The Maximoff twins are made monstrous by the destruction of their nuclear family. Even Steve— kept from realizing this dream by time, apparently, though its potential is summoned up once again in their vision of Peggy— and the sterile Natasha must symbolically enact a “home” in which they act as parental figures to “kids:” the new Avengers-in-training, among whose thus-infantilized number, it must be noted, are no white men. (Even Helen Cho does not wholly escape the maternal! In their brief scenes, their role is to midwife the gestating Ultron/Vision.)
A clear message emerges: the right role of women is to bear and raise children. The right role of men is to ensure that they are able to do this. Here, this frequently takes the form of protecting them— even for a Joss Whedon production, Age of Ultron features some truly blatant scenes of tiny women cowering before exaggeratedly enormous men. (I cannot fathom why it was felt necessary for Ultron to take an almost parodically hypermasculine robot “body,” then destroy it in favor of an even larger and more parodically hypermasculine body.) Both Natasha and Wanda are specifically made to look small and physically helpless before Ultron and the Hulk— Natasha in a kidnapping sequence that has, essentially, no purpose except to provide us with scenes of Natasha in captivity, and to then allow Bruce to rescue them from their Medieval cell. (”I adore you!” they say breathlessly.)
On a structural level in this story, the “right role” of women is to help and support our heroes (”Now go be a hero,” Natasha literally says to Bruce at one point). It's also to fuel the story by providing a sense of danger and threat (thus the cowering scenes). This is also the role of the nonwhite population of the film.
There are three major scenes of mass destruction in Age of Ultron. One takes place in an unspecified location in Africa, one in Seoul, and one in a fictional Eastern European nation that is coded as Balkan (going largely by the dual use of Roman and Cyrillic scripts that's visible, though the people are also dressed in a vague and stereotypically Eastern European fashion). Buildings are destroyed; people are killed; there are scenes of suffering. This is destruction and suffering used to produce an affective response: we, the audience, are shown nonwhite or “ethnic” suffering so that we understand how high the stakes are for our white heroes. (In the case of Africa, it's also so we can understand how high the stakes are between our white heroes.) This is extraordinarily distasteful, to say the least, particularly when the only members of these populations to whom we're introduced as characters are the barely-present Helen Cho and the ambivalently sinister Maximoffs (played, very uncomfortably, by white actors with fake accents).
(I was particularly disturbed by the invocation of Wakanda in a film that goes on to draw a picture of Africa as primitive, colorful, and apparently rife with rusting metal cargo ships where arms dealers make weapons. Wakanda, for those unfamiliar with the comics, is an incredibly sophisticated and technologically advanced nation. Here, it comes up because an arms dealer has been branded with a Wakandan pictograph— which uncomfortably falls back on racist tropes about brutal justice and funny writing.)
The film's attitude towards Africa in particular can almost be summed by another throwaway line: when Tony Stark is about to drop the Hulk through a building under construction, they tell Jarvis to buy the building. See, it's funny, and also he's such a responsible guy, because they don't want to destroy someone else's building! Except that it's not just a building: it's the people it falls on, and the people who have to live in the debris, and the people who lost their jobs, and the people who might have lived or worked there, and the economy of the city. At least, that's what it would be if the locale had any significance except as set dressing. But it doesn't: just as the Avengers fly in and are gone, so too the film (and we as the audience) simply go somewhere else once the action's over. (In a magnificent demonstration of the neoliberal NGO attitude and complex, we're assured that the Maria Stark Foundation is going to take care of it all.) The effect of this is to code Africa (and the Balkans— to a lesser extent Seoul) as the place where violence happens. That is: it is a violent place (because we only ever see it gripped by violence), and it is the place where violence is contained. There, violence is normal; in the West, it is an aberration. (This kind of coding also takes place here with regard to Nazism. Where CA:TWS gave us American Nazis in heart of Washington, D.C., Age of Ultron gives us Nazis holed up in Balkan fortresses.)
The tl;dr on all of this is that Age of Ultron is, in many ways, a bad movie. (I also find it to be a bad movie in other ways; Whedon is long on snappy quips and short on anything resembling a coherent or well-developed idea, and at this point the accelerated pacing of the MCU is starting to cause character relationships to strain credibility.) Do I think that Joss Whedon is a bad person? I don't. I think that they are a well-meaning person, but a person of average intelligence and insight who has been told repeatedly that they are brilliant and groundbreaking, and who thus has never had to do the hard work of thinking through the origins and implications of what they write. The effect is that they continually regurgitate poisonous tropes because they seem clever or because they attract their eye, and refuses the responsibility of examining their choices and understanding them as shaped by and shaping a larger social world.
I'm at least glad that he's left the franchise. It was glaring how many of Age of Ultron's best moments came about because they could rest or build on the superior work of CA: TWS— about which, more soon!
The 2012/13 season saw Jupp Heynckes' Bayern Munich side win a historic treble, kicking off much speculation that we were about to see a Bayern side returning to the glory days of many years gone by.
Alongside a domestic double of the Bundesliga title and the DFB-Pokal, they also won the UEFA Champions League against Borussia Dortmund at Wembley, avenging the defeat in the final a year before against Chelsea on Bayern's own ground, the Allianz Arena. With Heynckes having already announced their retirement earlier in the season, they couldn't have asked for a better send-off than the one they received from their side in the end.
Winning a league title in any big league is a huge achievement, and Bayern deserve credit for securing the 23rd title in their history. However, they deserve special credit for the way in which they won it. After all 34 games had been played, Bayern finished on 91 points, 25 clear of the nearest challengers Borussia Dortmund, in a remarkable season. FC Hollywood also scored 98 goals and conceded just 18 on their way to the title, a feat matched by few teams over the years.
There were also a number of emphatic results throughout the campaign, such as the 9-2 rout of Hamburg and 6-1 wins over Werder Bremen and Stuttgart. Now, these teams are understandably much weaker than Bayern, but not to the level shown by the scoreline, which just shows how good Bayern were domestically last season. These weren't just one-offs either; Die Bayern scored 5 or more in league matches on six occasions throughout the campaign, and I think you'd have to go a fair way to find a better record in the same standard of league.
The highest point of Bayern's season had to be their 7-0 drubbing of Barcelona in the Champions League semi-final over the two legs. When these two giants of world football, I expected Barcelona to emerge on top as the victors, as you do whenever Barcelona are playing, even against sides this good. I knew we'd be in for a great couple of games too, although I certainly wasn't expecting this to happen.
A Thomas Muller double, alongside goals from Mario Gomez and Arjen Robben, gave Bayern a 4-0 lead after the first leg in Germany. The entire football world were in shock; since when do Barcelona crumble? However much criticism the Spaniards received in that game, you can't take away from the Germans' performance, as they played magnificently, deservedly romping to victory.
There was then much talk as to whether Barcelona would be able to pull off one of football's greatest ever comebacks in the second leg at the Camp Nou, however the odds on that were huge. I did, however, expect Barça to put up a fight, and at least win this leg. What happened? Goals from Robben and Muller sandwiched a Pique own goal, sending the football world into bedlam again.
In a way, this was even more of a shock than the first leg. Barcelona, supposedly the greatest side to have ever lived, had been systematically dismantled home and away by Bayern Munich in a 7-0 triumph. People were in disbelief as to how it could happen, me included. However, I now believe it was just a sign that Bayern Munich are returning to the glory days of players such as Franz Beckenbauer.
With Heynckes set to retire, Bavaria had to go about looking for their successor, and to my surprise, appointed one before their current one had even head out of the door. What was this new man's name? Josep Guardiola of Spain, better known as Pep to their friends. The former Barcelona man, who was supposedly taking a year's sabbatical from the game after resigning from Barcelona at the end of the 2011-12 season, had been appointed as the new man to take Bayern forward in a signing that shocked many.
The very fact that Guardiola has chosen to make the move to Germany shows the progress that Bayern are making as a club to return to those old heights. The 42-year-old is a manager of unimaginable pedigree, having won almost everything in offer in their stint at Barcelona, and it was a shock to many when they decided to resign from their club last year. However, with great ability comes huge expectations. The Bayern fans will be expecting a huge amount of success from their new coach, and I am predicting them to bring it with their traditional possession style of play that was so successful at the Camp Nou, tearing teams apart on many occasions.
As in any successful squad, there is always a core of players that are vital to the team, and are vital to any success that the team may have. I believe that there are five of these players at Bayern, running right through the spine of the team. Starting off with Manuel Neuer; the goalkeeper signed from Schalke in 2011 and has been an integral part of Bayern's side since then, keeping 21 clean sheets in the league last season and showcasing why they are one of the top keepers in world football.
Next, we have Philipp Lahm, who has been ever-present in the Bavaria side since starting with them in 2003. They have now made nearly 300 league appearances for the side, and is the captain and a popular figure among both players and fans. Bastain Schweinsteiger is another player who has spent the entirety of their senior career with Die Bayern, making 299 appearances in the league since 2002.  They are now a key, creative part of a Bavaria side full to the brim with world-class quality.
Frank Ribery is a player who is starting to reach their prime now, having been with the club since 2007 and making over 150 league appearances. They were crucial in Bayern's treble win last year, and still has a couple of good seasons in them before they step aside for a younger player to come through. Finally, we come to Thomas Muller, Bayern's top scorer in all competitions last season, with 23 goals. Despite being just 23, they are an essential part of both Bayern's side and the German national team's, and will remain so for years to come, maybe even becoming one of the world's best players.
Summer is always an exciting time, as the comings and goings can decide who comes out on top after a long and arduous league campaign. We saw it in the Premier League last year, with the signing of Robin Van Persie being the reason Manchester United won their 20th league title. Bayern have taken very little time in going about their business, signing two of Europe's best young midfielders and becoming the front-runners for one of German football's leading strikers to sign next summer.
Bayern Munich's latest signing is Thiago Alcantara from Barcelona, Guardiola's former club. They were confirmed to be joining after the new manager expressed a big interest in the youngster that Manchester United had been rumored to be chasing for some time. However, Guardiola persuaded the midfielder they had previously managed at the Camp Nou to move to the Allianz Arena instead of Old Trafford, once they paid their release clause. It is without a doubt a fantastic signing for Bavaria and will allow Thiago to develop properly. Given that Guardiola came out to the press and stated their interest in the 22-year-old assures me that they will be given the chances in the Bayern team to prove their worth alongside the banks of quality Bayern also possess.
However, that isn't the biggest signing that Bavaria have made this summer. This other signing is none other then Mario Gotze (from Borussia Dortmund), who joined after Bavaria paid their release clause a few weeks ago.  They are one of Germany's rising stars, and has been a key figure in the Dortmund side over the last couple of years. Dortmund are very disappointed to have lost one of their star players to a rival, and I think it signifies how far they have to go as a club to reach the size of their Bavarian rivals. For me, the allure of turning out in that red shirt is bigger than turning out in the yellow one of Dortmund.
Bayern also look set to sign another Dortmund player next summer, Polish striker Robert Lewandowski, who was a revelation last season for their club and has attracted the attentions of some of Europe's biggest clubs, such as Manchester United and City as well as Chelsea. However, the 24-year-old favors a move to Bavaria, and looks set to sign on a free transfer when their current contract expires next summer. Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp has even gone as far in recent times as to say they expect their star man upfront to sign with the treble winners next year. This will be a further blow to the club, but serves as a reinforcement that Dortmund are much smaller than Bayern, and it'll take a long time to change that.
Pre-season matches are always focused upon in preparation for the new season and can provide a good view of things to come at times. However, they can often be unreliable, with results not reflecting competitive games, usually down to a lack of fitness. I am taking a good look at Bayern's friendlies this year in order to ascertain what kind of tactics Guardiola will be employing with their new club. So far, they have faced six teams and scored a huge 50 goals throughout these six encounters. In fairness, they were all against much weaker sides, but it is still a good way to look at how Guardiola will have their charges playing, and it seems they want them in a similar fashion as they did their players at Barcelona: playing possession football. We saw how well it worked in La Liga; now it's time to see the effect it has in the Bundesliga.
If a side wants to dominate year after year, it has to have young talent in the ranks ready to come in and make an impact. Many of the top teams such as Manchester United and Barcelona possess this, and Bayern Munich are no exception. Players such as David Alaba are already big parts of the side, often starting ahead of older players in the same position. There are also players like the Swiss Xherdan Shaqiri and Emre Can, who are on the fringes of the first-team and are ready to take their rightful place in the side over the next couple of seasons. They are in the meantime benefiting from knowledge passed on to them from their more experienced teammates.
Most likely, both Thiago and Mario Gotze will come into the Bayern squad and play a big part in the first-team next season. Gotze seems set to lead the line up front, biding time until the arrival of Lewandowski next summer, and Thiago will fit into the central midfield role, playing an attacking game. This young talent collectively has a phenomenal level of potential, and will help Bavaria stay on top for a long time to come.
Despite the strength in the Bavaria ranks, I still believe there are a couple of areas that could be improved on. For example, I might look for possible successors to Philpp Lahm and Bastian Schweinsteiger. As brilliant as these players are, they aren't getting any younger, with both being in their late twenties now. This means they'll only have a couple more years at the top of their game, before they have to hand the baton on to someone else.
In Schweinsteiger's case, this won't be that difficult, as Bayern possess a wealth of talent already in that area of the pitch; I think that Thiago, their newest signing, could be the one in line to be their replacement, although I feel they would want to start off as a first-choice player much sooner than that. For Lahm, it is a bit more difficult; there are very few good, young right-backs in the game at the moment, and even less who would be able to live up to the standards of Lahm in their careers. You cannot underestimate Lahm's influence on that team, and it will take a very special player to take their place.
It's not just the Barcelona results that caught my eye for Bayern Munich in the Champions League over the last couple of years. In this year's competition alone, they beat Italian champions Juvetus and Arsenal alongside Barcelona on their way to winning the crown. In the 2011-12 edition, in which they also reached the final, they beat Manchester City and Real Madrid on the road to the final on their own turf.
No team can cause that many upsets and get into two consecutive Champions League finals without having some serious degree of quality about them, both as a team and as individual players. Thankfully, Bayern Munich haven't fallen into the trap of selling off their best players, then not replacing them with players of the same quality. In fact, they have pretty much kept the same side, which is important, as stability provides a good platform to work from in order to achieve success over a long period of time.
So, are we now headed for a period of time when Bayern will dominate European and world football? I think so, yes. Not only do they possess one of the strongest sides in the world right now, but they are constantly attracting new, young talent such as Thiago and Gotze that will allow the good times to keep rolling long after the current generation have hung up their boots.
They may have a new man at the helm, but apart from that, they won't change too much, and the signs so far have shown that Guardiola is the right man for the job. Over the last couple of years with Heynckes, they've shown they can easily beat the best sides both domestically and at the international level, which is what will decide the success Bavaria has in the future.
The club also has some great fans in tow (attracted to the criminally low ticket prices, with the cheapest season ticket being less than £70 for all Bundesliga matches), that haven't always had the best of times in the last three or four years. They came second to Borussia Dortmund in two of the last three league campaigns and lost two out of their last three Champions League finals (in 2010 and 2012). But now, Bayern Munich look to be entering a long period of continued success under one of the world's best coaches of modern day football.
FanFest Tickets
T-MOBILE ALL-STAR FANFEST CHARITY OFFER
Here's your chance to participate in the World's Largest Interactive Baseball Theme Park! Celebrate MLB All-Star Summer from July 12 - 16 at the Javits Center in New York City. All attractions are included with the price of admission.
Join Major League Baseball and the New York Mets as we raise funds for charities and community initiatives benefitting a wide range of causes. For every specially-discounted $20 ticket (regular price is $35) to T-Mobile All-Star FanFest purchased directly through this page, Major League Baseball will donate $5 to Autism Speaks. Join us in this win-win offer!
Buy July 14 Tickets Buy July 16 Tickets
View Brochure
A Quiet Room will be available for families seeking a quiet and relaxing environment at T-Mobile All-Star FanFest. To gain access, please visit the Information Booth on the show floor (just past the entrance to the show floor), and you will receive a bracelet that is required for entry into the Quiet Room and will also be needed to go back to the show floor. A volunteer from the Information Booth will escort guests to the Quiet Room located on Level 1 of the Javits Center.
RENTON, Wash. -- A stand-up act at a local bar came to a sudden stand-still Monday night when a man rushed the stage swinging a baseball bat. The comedian never saw it coming and had their skull fractured trying to deliver their next joke.
Dylan Avila has faced tough crowds before. They also know how to handle hecklers, but what happened to them at The Local 907 in Renton is no joke.
"Hecklers can't faze me," Avila said. "I got hit with a baseball bat."
Avila was the master of ceremonies for a stand-up comedy show and was just about to introduce the next comedian to the stage. Just then, a man ran up with a baseball bat swinging for Avila's head, according to witnesses. Two blows connected, knocking them to the floor.
"We were shocked because that's just something that doesn't happen on a comedy stage," said Jamal Harrington, a fellow comic who jumped up with the rest of the audience to help Avila and also take down the attacker.
According to witnesses, the man with the bat had tried out a stand-up routine a few weeks before. In it, they claimed to be Jesus Christ, but apparently the bit bombed with audiences.
"It was offensive on every level. And I don't get offended easily. I'm a comic," Avila said.
Each week the man pushed the same routine, Avila said, so they banned them from the show. Whether that is the motive for the attack is unclear.
"A heckler here or there, that's one thing. but this was something completely different," Harrington said.
Avila has three young children and knows how lucky they are to not suffer brain damage - or worse. If nothing else, Avila hopes their trip to the hospital will give them some fresh material, and hopefully a few laughs on stage.
Avila hopes to be out of the hospital by Thursday. A benefit show for them is scheduled for The Rendezvous in Seattle's Belltown neighborhood on Saturday night.
The suspect is in jail on a no-bail hold. Charges are pending.
But new ads from the fiery Florida member of congress fly in the face of arguments some fellow Republicans have been making as a debate over transgender rights heats up.
The ad campaign , released Monday by Florida-based gay rights organization SAVE, features Ros-Lehtinen, their husband and their transgender son. And it opens with a message that organizers of the new campaign say is key: "Family is everything."
"Our son is transgender," Ros-Lehtinen says. "We loved them as Amanda and now as Rodrigo."
Sitting with their family at a kitchen table, the member of congress describes what it was like to find out their child was transgender.
"At first, we had lots of questions," they say, "but as parents, we love and accept our children."
Organizers say they hope to reach Latino families with the ad, which was filmed in English and Spanish and comes as the debate over transgender rights is gaining growing national attention.
Last week the U.S. Justice Department and North Carolina filed lawsuits over the state's controversial bathroom law, which bans people from using public bathrooms that do not correspond with their biological sex. And on Friday, the Obama administration issued guidance directing public schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms matching their gender identity.
Ros-Lehtinen doesn't mention the lawsuits or recent legislation in the ad, but they say transgender people shouldn't face discrimination.
"Every transgender person should be protected from discrimination and have the opportunity to earn a living and take responsibility for their lives on the same terms as everyone else," Ros-Lehtinen says as the ad comes to a close.
At an event unveiling the new ad Monday, Rodrigo Heng-Lehtinen shared details about the process of coming out to their family.
"Just as we transgender people go through a journey, our families go through a journey, too -- of learning what acceptance means," they said. Heng-Lehtinen first revealed their gender identity to their parents through a letter.
"I wrote a letter, left it on their bed and left the house fearing the worst," they said. "I was ready to stay out if I had to, which is something that was terrifying for me. (But) I was lucky. When I told my family, they said, 'We love you.'"
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen also noted that the questions they and their husband had beenn't the only thing on their minds when Rodrigo came out.
"Above those questions, we had one concern: their safety," they said. "It's a tough world out there for everyone, but it's even more evident now as we hear about bills that only seek to divide and discriminate against LGBT youth. It creates a hostile environment, and that's why as family members, we must stay united, we must be that safety net for our children, and support them in any way that we can, so that they can go on to live authentic lives. That's what family's all about."
(AFP, 2012) "We are updating SimCity with technology of today and introducing it to a new generation of gamers," Maxis studio senior vice president Lucy Bradshaw said at this year's Game Developers Conference in San Francisco."It gets under your skin; exposes you to the idea of cause and effect and that choices you make have repercussions," they said.Millions of people have played SimCity since the computer game designed by Will Wright was first released in 1989.The original title won a broad, devoted following and led to a successful franchise of "Sims" strategy games in which players manipulate worlds and animated characters in simulations of real life. Sims 3 Showtime " software, released on Tuesday as an addition to the latest version of the game, lets players act out fantasies of becoming famous singers, acrobats, magicians or DJs.The $40 expansion pack adds a host of features, including one allowing players to send their characters into other people's games via the Internet with a capability called "SimPort."While the franchise has thrived, it has been nearly a decade since the release of the last version of SimCity for desktop or laptop computers. A Maxis team will have a fresh SimCity title ready in 2013, according to Bradshaw.Along with rich 3-D graphics, the game will have a new simulation engine that enhances its realism and extends ramifications of urban design decisions past borders to affect neighboring cities."In 'SimCity' resources are finite, you struggle with decisions people are struggling with today in the real world and your decisions can have a global impact," Bradshaw said."Be a polluter and you are ultimately going to affect your friends' cities... Will you have the wealthiest, fittest, greenest city ever or the sludgiest, most yikes-worthy SimCity ever?"Maxis collaborated on the title with Games For Change, a group devoted to the creation of games that combine fun with learning about social issues."I love the game," said "Inconvenient Truth" director Davis Guggenheim, who played an early version with their son."Climate change is the biggest crisis of our time, but there is a disconnect because it is not in front of us," they added."When you play 'SimCity' it is in your face; if you build a coal power plant you feel the consequences -- smog in the city, water table getting dirty, and your people getting angry."Twitter co-founder Stone is also among the early fans of the new "SimCity," which they said was in tune with their new initiative to support systems that help make "better humans, a smarter world and a healthier planet."Stone left their day-to-day role at Twitter last year to devote time to Obvious Corporation, which they established with fellow Twitter co-founder Evan Williams and Jason Goldman."While I'm not a gamer I understand the learning power of play," Stone said."Learning the cause and effect and the impact you could have as an individual or a corporation is huge... The 'SimCity' overview puts us in that frame of mind."Bradshaw noted that 'SimCity' has always blended realism and fantasy, "so you never know when a giant lizard might trundle around a corner and blow your buildings down."
In the afterword of Stephen King's highly regarded memoir/writing guide book On Writing, the bestselling writer shared a list of 96 books that he'd read while writing the book that he'd enjoyed and had influenced him. When a 10th anniversary of On Writing was released, an updated reading list of 82 books was included.
More recently, King has taken to Twitter to share with their fans and followers some of their favourite recent reads. Since joining the social media site in December 2013, he's recommended the following 22 books.
1. Red Moon by Benjamin Percy
Finished RED MOON, by Benjamin Percy. A werewolf epic. Can't stop thinking about it. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) December 10, 2013
2. The Marauders by Tom Cooper
“If shit was money, poor people would be born without assholes.” Read it in Tom Cooper's THE MARAUDERS. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) January 2, 2014
3. Dominion by C.J. Sansom
DOMINION, by C.J. Sansom: Great alternate-history novel. The Nazis win, occupy Britain. On sale this week. Check it out. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) January 26, 2014
That book DOMINION is terrific. And no, this isn't one of those publisher-sponsored blurbs. I just fell in love with it. Nice and long, too. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) January 27, 2014
4. The Killer Next Door by Alex Marwood
If you read Alex Marwood's THE WICKED GIRLS, their new one–THE KILLER NEXT DOOR–is even better. Scary as hell. Great characters. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) February 16, 2014
5. Local Souls by Allan Gurganus
Reading LOCAL SOULS, by Allan Gurganus, and came across a nice quote attributed to Joe Louis: “I did the best I could with what I had.” — Stephen King (@StephenKing) February 22, 2014
6. The Secret Place by Tana French
Read THE SECRET PLACE, by Tana French, when it comes out. You'll understand then. Great book. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) March 26, 2014
7. The Accident by Chris Pavone
THE ACCIDENT, by Chris Pavone: if you like real nail-biters, this is the best one so far this year. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) March 28, 2014
8. Missing You by Harlan Coben
The new Harlan Coben is twisty and terrific. The stuff about the cops' wives is especially good. Beautiful observation. I'm jealous. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) April 4, 2014
9. Doing Harm by Kelly Parsons
DOING HARM, by Kelly Parsons: best damn medical thriller I've read in 25 years. Terrifying OR scenes, characters with real texture. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) April 15, 2014
10 – 12. The Southern Reach Trilogy by Jeff Vandermeer
I'm loving THE SOUTHERN REACH TRILOGY, by Jeff Vandermeer. Recommended by an indie bookseller. Creepy and fascinating. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 1, 2014
13 & 14. Niceville and The Homecoming by Carsten Stroud
NICEVILLE and THE HOMECOMING, by Carsten Stroud: crazy-good supernatural/crime/horror epic. Blew me away. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 23, 2014
Really one novel. You've never read anything like it. Faulkner crossed with Steve King. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 23, 2014
15 – 20. Gone series by Michael Grant
I made Michael Grant's GONE series last, but finished the last one today. I am now free to leave the FAYZ, but my time there was well spent. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) July 3, 2014
21. Joyland by Emily Schultz
Emily Schultz is my new hero. You go with your bad self, girl. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 24, 2014
* Emily Schultz recently started a blog called Spending the Stephen King Money I'm delighted for her, and I'm going to order their book.”
22. State of Wonder by Ann Patchett
STATE OF WONDER, by Ann Patchett: took me awhile to get around to it, but boy, was it worth it. Highest recommendation. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) July 9, 2014
Follow @A_WritersStudio
When Nintendo released its Wii U console in 2012, it included a little feature that promised to "transform how people find, watch, and engage with TV shows, movies, and sports." It was called TVii, and it even got its own dedicated button on the Wii U Gamepad. Now, less than three years later, Nintendo is pulling the plug.
The product was an unusual one for Nintendo, which, unlike Sony, has never really tried to use its consoles gain a foothold in the home theater market. (The GameCube, Wii, and Wii U can't even play DVDs.) But TVii sought to change that — the second-screen app let users search through the catalogs of streaming video services and peruse the TV guide right from the Gamepad. It even had customized recommendations and an odd social aspect that let you discuss and vote on shows and sports matches with other Nintendo users through Miiverse.
"Every service has a life cycle, and it is time to focus our resources on other projects."
Nintendo removed the helpful universal search functionality last year, and now TVii is dead for good. In a FAQ, the company explains the decision to shutter TVii curtly: "Every service has a life cycle, and it is time to focus our resources on other projects." We wouldn't say that TV-viewing and second-screen apps are quite so passé, but it seems Nintendo decided it just wanted no part in your home theater stack. It never really tried in the first place, after all.
TVii will disappear for good on August 11th, but you'll still be able to watch streaming video content from Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, and others even without the service. And that TV button on the GamePad? Well, you'll still be able to use it to change the volume and channel, if that's any consolation.
These eight tips to succeed in public relations are about more than writing well or liking to work with people. Public relations are really about selling. It's also about solving problems, understanding your clients' businesses, and many other things.
One of the reasons I opted to get a degree in public relations is because I didn't want to follow in my successful father's footsteps.
They were a salesperson—or as they liked to call himself, a peddler—and I wasn't the least bit interested in sales as a career path. But while I worked on my degree, nobody revealed that I was starting a career in sales. That quickly changed.
1. In PR, selling is everything.
It didn't take long after I stepped into my first job to figure out that selling is just about everything in PR. I may not sell valves and regulators as my dad did, but I peddle ideas, concepts, and sometimes even products.
You can talk about convincing or persuading all you want, but trust me. When you accept that a job in PR is a job in sales, you'll move ahead in your career much faster.
2. Selling is solving problems.
My dad was a very successful salesperson, and eventually owned a company. They always gave some credit for that to a Dale Carnegie course they took when they moved from an engineer to a sales engineer. They said it taught them that selling was about satisfying people's needs.
When I asked them about the keys to success, they said they were about much more than just knowing your product better than anyone else.
They told me it doesn't matter how great your product is. If it doesn't solve your customers' needs and help them sleep soundly after they buy it, you can't sell it. They said their job was really to understand the needs of their customers and find ways to satisfy them.
3. Great PR requires you to understand your clients.
My dad and I talked about this a lot. In addition to solving their clients' problems, my dad's job was to understand their customers' different plants and processes as well as they did. Beyond that, they had to know what constituted a win for each of them. They had to make sure everything on their side of a transaction was in place to deliver not just the product, but winning experiences for their customers.
You need to understand the space your customers live and breathe in. Who do they compete with for support within their organization? If you're a consultant, you need to analyze each and every client. You can't give good advice or create winning scenarios if you don't understand the competition in every area. And no, you don't need an MBA to get a grasp on the competitive environment. Here are some great tips on how to do so.
4. A career in PR is a career in sales.
If you want to be successful in PR, you need to create winning experiences for your customers. You have to figure out what their organizations need.
You also need to understand what they're really looking for, and how to deliver it. You need to know what everyone in the delivery chain needs—reporters, bloggers and thought leaders, to name a few—to help you get the win for your client.
5. Money makes the world go 'round.
When you opt for a career in PR, you have to understand that money is what makes every organization run. Everyone in business, not just PR pros, should know how to read income and cash-flow statements, and understand a balance sheet.
If you don't, read a book or take a basic accounting class. Money is what matters—even for charitable organizations. That's what most executives really care about. You should care about it, too.
Whether you're an employee or a consultant, you should know the financial condition of the organizations you work for and with. Yes, that means math and numbers. Get over it. You can't avoid it.
To this day I don't understand algebra, but I can pretty reliably tell you if an organization is winning or losing based on the three financial documents I mentioned above. That's how the people who matter most keep score, and so should you.
6. PR is connected to psychology.
A bit of psychology is necessary when you're a PR professional. If you're smart, you'll learn about basic human motivations and apply them to the organizations you work with. Observe what motivates them and how others respond.
If you don't know what keeps the people important to the organization up at night, you can't sell them anything. People buy or support something based on how they think that choice will make them feel about themselves. You have to make them feel good that they chose you.
7. Lawyers are your friends.
Some of the smartest decisions I ever made, or advised my clients to make, were the result of my understanding of legal issues. When you offer PR advice to clients, make sure you have some understanding of the legal issues that come into play. Think about what could come back to bite you or the organizations you work with.
Make friends with attorneys and ask smart questions. Lawyers will respect you if you respect them and their function. It's a good idea to know the legal team before you find yourself in a fast-moving crisis. That's why I always ask for a briefing from the legal department when I start a new assignment. It's just good business.
8. Respect reporters.
If you want to be in PR, it's critical you understand and respect reporters and others who can influence the outcome of an assignment.
They're not there to serve your purpose. They have their own tough jobs. Know why your message is important to them and the people they serve, and tell them. Don't beat around the bush. Shoot straight, and respect their time, brainpower and obligations. They'll typically do the same for you.
These are just some basic tips you need to know to succeed in PR. Success in public relations is much more than good writing skills.
Being a successful PR pro means you have to be one of the best-informed and most curious people in the room. You have to show a willingness to learn, an ability to listen, and an understanding that PR is really all about selling.
What do you think?
Rick Rice is an independent consultant with more than 35 years in public relations working in both corporate and agency jobs. You can find them on Twitter or learn more at their website. This article appeared on PR Breakfast Club.
Breeding chickens - If you are considering expanding the size of your flock, then one of the most rewarding ways to do this is by using a cockerel to provide you with fertile eggs from your own hens so that you can incubate and hatch your own.
There are however a number of considerations to consider, apart from whether a cock bird would be too noisy for your neighbours! From selecting the right birds to breed from, keeping them in the best possible health to obtain viable hatching eggs and then storing these eggs correctly before you even think about incubating them. This article provides some information on how to get these things right so that you can hatch some healthy chicks to increase the size of your flock.
Before deciding to breeding chickens, it is sensible to consider whether or not you have the space to raise chicks and sufficient housing to be able to rear them. You cannot mix young growers with adult birds firstly because of the risk of them catching a disease (they take time to acquire immunity) and secondly because smaller birds will get bullied so you will need separate accommodation for them. If you have this covered then the next step is to consider what to do with (on average) 50% of your hatch being males.
Remember: Ensure you have a plan for unwanted males. Rehoming is difficult since everyone who hatches chicks has a surplus.
Selection of Breeding Chickens
If you are breeding chickens a specific breed, then it is only right to be selective of which cockerel you choose and which of your hens you use. Genetically, the traits of the parents will be passed down to the progeny so if you are breeding from poor quality stock you will be increasing the number of poor quality birds. Sadly, so many pure breeds have been diluted down by poor breeding and sometimes there are massive differences within a breed. Birds that have bowed legs or wry tails (point slightly to the left or right continuously) for example should not be used for breeding chickens as these problems will just be passed on.
Breeding Chickens Tips 1: Breeders Health
Birds should be examined for good health. With experience, general good health can be seen in a bird. The cockerel should be attentive to their girls and should court them from time to time, without bullying. Birds should have clear bright eyes, have a red comb without any blue edges and the birds should be bright and alert. Nostrils should be clear of mucus and breathing should be without any wheezing which could be a sign of respiratory problems. Check for lice, especially around the vent and under wings and check the vent for any discharge or scabbing.
A sound diet and good management of the birds during breeding is obviously essential not only to maintain good health but also to provide good hatchability and healthy chicks. A varied but balanced diet including greens is recommended with pellets having a high level of protein of around 16-20%. Breeder pellets contain all of the minerals and trace elements in the correct proportions required to produce healthy chicks. If large numbers of dead-in-shell chicks are occuring before hatching then this can often be overcome by switching to breeders pellets.
Breeding Chickens Tips 2: Eggs
How many people buy a breed that have a published annual number of eggs in their poultry book, only to be disappointed that their hens hardly lay anywhere near that number? This especially applies to utility type birds that have been changed massively for showing purposes where shapes and feathering have changed over the years to meet the demands of show judges leaving factors such as egg and meat production behind. This is because of poor selection of the ‘good' egg layers. Let's face it how many people can say how many eggs their chickens lay each year? Well even harder, could you say which were the good layers and which is the bad? Many serious breeders recommend using the first year of lay to record egg numbers then in the second year, the better layers can be considered to go in the breeding pen. Whilst this is not easy in the backyard, over the cause of a year, with a simple coloured leg ring and frequent observation of your hens, you soon get an idea of who is laying well and who is not.
Breeding Chickens Tips 3: Egg Selection
Egg selection for hatching is very important and overlooked by many. Eggs for hatching should be checked for size, shape, colour and texture. Check the standard for as much information on your breed as possible but if you can't find information about their eggs, go to an online forum and ask for help from other breeders of this breed - for example Copper Black Maran should be a large size and dark brown in colour, Cream Legbar medium sized and blue, don't set eggs that are incorrect because firstly you are not helping the breed and secondly you are reducing hatchability. The better the egg quality, the better the hatchability. If you select weak eggs, this trait will be passed on down the generations and hatchability and chick quality will suffer.
Once you have the best of your birds selected, your breeding pen up and running, and the best quality eggs selected, you should allow the cockerel 10 days with the hens before collecting eggs for incubation so that they are fertile. If changing cockerels or removing hens from a larger run with other cockerels present, it is necessary to wait 14 days otherwise you can get fertilised eggs from the wrong cockerel. If hens have suitable nest boxes with clean bedding material, most eggs should be clean and not require any sort of washing prior to incubation.
Breeding Chickens Tips 4: Egg Storage
If eggs are stored before incubation, they should be kept in a cool place, away from bright sunlight and sources of heat. A garage or pantry is often the best option. They should be stored pointed end down and turned through 90 degrees twice a day. The easiest way to achieve this is by placing eggs on an egg tray or large egg box and placing an empty half dozen box under one side of the tray in the morning and the other side in the evening so that they are lifted by 45 degrees from horizontal one way, then the other. Eggs can be stored for a week without degrading hatchability too much.
Next is the 21 days of incubation which is covered elsewhere in the incubation and hatching section.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Campaigners are calling for more cycling cash in today's spending review - but fear it's unlikely to happen.
The appeal for investment follows a survey across Greater Manchester , the biggest cycling review ever conducted in the UK.
It reveals more than 75 per cent of respondents - including non-cyclists - feel local and central Government needs to invest to get more people on two wheels.
Campaigners are calling for a £25 annual spend on cycling per person to make the roads safer, boost health and ease congestion.
The current average level outside London is around £4.
Greater Manchester has actually beaten that thanks to a raft of funding this year, taking the average to £10, But that's due to drop back down to the national average in 2016 if no more cash is promised.
And it's still pitiful compared to London, where Boris Johnson has promised £913m to bring cycling into the mainstream over the decade. Meanwhile, Greater Manchester secured a one-off £42m in 2011, with an extra £15m set to come from a ‘sustainable transport' pot.
In the survey, only 26 per cent rated Greater Manchester's cycling safety as ‘good' or ‘very good' and nearly eight in 10 want more investment to make cycling safer. Most said that if there were more traffic-free cycle routes they would be more likely to jump on a bike.
The independent research was commissioned by the charity Sustrans and Transport for Greater Manchester.
It's part of the Bike Life Survey - based on the Danish model - canvassing people in seven leading cities across the UK.
Nick Hubble, from the Greater Manchester Cycling Campaign, said: “This shows there is actually a huge popular mandate for increasing cycling spending.
“In terms of the spending review it doesn't look that positive - all the noises we are hearing are that infrastructure projects are going to be focussed on road and rail. Active travel looks to be falling by the wayside again.
“It looks like cycling will take a back seat - which is a real shame.”
On the Bike Life report, they added: “This is an important piece of research. IT shows there wide support for cycling.”
Rosslyn Colderley, North West Regional Director for Sustrans, said: “The message from the public couldn't be clearer: people want to cycle but we need to make it feel safe for them.
“People want the government to spend more, and say that they would cycle more if it were safer. Now government must close this gap between current spending and public demand.
“Physical inactivity, congestion and declining air quality cost our economy billions. Government must act to secure a greater share of current transport investment for cycling and walking.
“The spending review and the local elections next May are perfect opportunities to do just that. Government must ensure the cycling and walking investment strategy is ambitious and guarantees long-term funding for active travel.”
Copenhagen uses these biennial surveys as part of its planning process to identify areas where cycle lanes are most in demand.
In Manchester's first such survey, researchers conducted phone interviews with 11,000 people in total - 4,005 were from Greater Manchester.
What does the survey show?
People questioned in Greater Manchester wanted an average spend on cycling of £25 per head per year, compared to an average £26 per person of other UK participants.
It means there's a long way to go - with current investment around £4 per person out of the total £300 per person spent on transport.
Nearly 80 per cent of surveyed cyclists in Manchester said improved safety was their number one concern.
Only 55 per cent said they felt safe riding a bike in the day - compared to 90 per cent who feel safe walking, or the 85 pc who feel safe driving.
Around three quarters of those living in Greater Manchester (72pc) think that increasing the number of journeys by cycle would improve residents' health and the environment, and two
thirds (67pc) believe that more cycling would make their area a better place to live. While
Around 48 per cent of those surveyed own at least one bike - but only 3 per cent use it for regular travel.
The Bike Life project showed that even people who don't ride a bike recognised the importance of building bike lanes and funding other projects to boost cycling: 71pc of those who said that they never used a bike still backed an increase in spending, rising to 87pc among those who frequently ride a bike.
Coun Jim McMahon, Greater Manchester Combined Authority (GMCA) Transport Lead, said: “It's clear from the Bike Life Survey results that people in Greater Manchester suppor the vision to make cycling an attractive, convenient and safe travel choice for everyone, regardless of age or ability.
“The Survey gives an extremely valuable insight into the attitudes of residents towards cycling across the region and at a district level, allowing progress to be measured towards making Greater Manchester a great place for people to get around by bike.
“Through the Cycle City programme many of the issues raised in the Survey as barriers to cycling have begun to be tackled.
"This includes TfGM investing more than £40m in cycling infrastructure and projects through the Department for Transport's Cycle City programme by 2018.
“A network of high-quality, largely segregated, cycleways is at the core of the programme, as well as improvements to cycling facilities at workplaces, schools, social housing sites and stations to encourage more people to give cycling a go.
“There is much more work to do, and further Government investment would of course be welcome.
"The Survey results will help shape future plans to make Greater Manchester one of the best places to cycle in the UK and to reach the target of 10% of all trips being made by bike by 2025.”
A Treasury spokesperson said: “Decisions on future funding are for the Spending Review on 25 November.”
Bike Life reports in Denmark
Copenhagen has produced the reports since 1996, which helped planners remove barriers to cycling.
As a result 45 per cent of journeys to work, school, college and university are now made
by bike - compared to 2.5 per cent in Greater Manchester.
The Danish capital of Copenhagen was recently voted as the happiest city in the world and a third of its residents feel safe enough to travel by bicycle for everyday journeys.
Sustrans believes that UK cities have the potential to do the same.
Thanks to financial backing from The Freshfield Foundation, the report on habits and opinions in each of the seven cities has now been released to inform future investment into cycling in the cities, and will be followed up with a second report in 2017.
ICM Unlimited carried out the survey and interviewed a representative sample of 11,016 adults aged 16+, ensuring at least 1,100 in each city (except Greater Manchester which has 4,005).
INJECTION is a programming puzzle game, much like Untrusted, Else Heart.Break(), or Zachtronics' SHENZEN-IO. It's written in Python and indeed that's the language you'll be using to solve the puzzles.
"I had a blast! I played with my brother and I'm really hoping it sparked some interest in programming for him!" -bigv13899
The aim of the game is to guide your @ to the ⌂, navigating treacherous and troublesome obstacles like aggressive automated missile launchers and deadly particle-beams while solving puzzles with gravity-altering gizmos and programmable robotic drones.
"I loved INJECTION; it felt like I was actually cheating the game even if that's what I was supposed to do!"
-IAMA_dragon-AMA
You'll never make it without the use of the INJECTION CONSOLE, a command line that lets you run computer code directly against the game world itself, re-targeting launchers, re-programming hostile murder-machines, redirecting troublesome streams of deadly radiation, lighting up the path through a teleporter-maze, or... theoretically, anything!
"This game is great. I hope you're still planning on adding levels to it." -Quicksand-S
But don't be afraid - you don't have to be a career programmer to join in the game! INJECTION has built-in tutorials and hint systems to help you learn as you play; it's specifically designed to provide an engaging challenge to full-bearded code-slinging keyboard-jockeys while simultaneously being accessible to hunt-and-pecking neophytes.
"I need validation to stop feeling like a clever bastard on level 6" -TPHRyan
The game is currently unfinished, but already packs 20 level-loads of blended twitch-action gaming and mind-melting puzzling: an estimated three or four hours of continuous play. Updates come out every month or so, and the game will update itself when the time comes, so check back often and be sure to keep your skills honed!
"damn this is cool." -nugyflex
And please make sure to check out the INJECTION community on Reddit.
[Richt recaps scrimmage, says defense won the day]
[Video: Scrimmage thoughts, position battle updates, fan questions]
There is a reason Mark Richt didn't go into detail about quarterback Jack Allison‘s performance when speaking to reporters after Saturday's scrimmage.
Allison, a source informed The Post afterward, injured their throwing shoulder when they took a sack on a broken play.
The source said Allison, who was seen wearing a sling as they departed UM's football facility, has a minor (Grade 1) right shoulder separation. Team doctors were determining whether to keep them out of action the rest of the spring.
Injuries are the worst-case scenario for any scrimmage, but Richt expressed trepidation in the days before Saturday's live test. That's because they allowed their quarterbacks to be hit full-on by the defense. Quarterbacks are typically protected during practices, but Richt said they wanted to see how their inexperienced group would react to the pressure of a game simulation. As of Thursday, UM coaches who spoke to the media said they hadn't decided whether to allow full-contact play.
Saturday, Richt said, “I hope so,” when asked if their team was healthy after the scrimmage.
“I didn't see anybody get carted off, which is nice,” they said. “I mean, I am so involved in calling the plays and just going. [Head athletic trainer] Vinny [Scavo] will hit me up and tell me what's up in the next day or two.”
Allison, from Palmetto, was a four-star recruit in the 2016 class. They were rated as the sixth-best pro-style quarterback in the country and 68th player overall by ESPN. Allison, listed at 6-foot-5 and 200 pounds, redshirted last season and among several quarterbacks vying for the starting job.
The Hurricanes are looking for someone to replace departed three-year starter Brad Kaaya, who left early for the NFL. Allison had been the third man in drills, behind redshirt junior Malik Rosier and redshirt sophomore Evan Shirreffs. Behind them: redshirt sophomore walk-on Vincent Testaverde and true first-year student Cade Weldon.
Richt has repeatedly said they won't make a decision on a quarterback until the fall. The reason: they want a chance to evaluate four-star signee N'Kosi Perry, who enrolls May 22.
Kaaya's opportunity to start as a true first-year student in 2014 came in part because of injury. That spring, projected starter Ryan Williams, a redshirt senior-to-be, tore their ACL on a non-contact roll-out during a scrimmage. Kaaya beat out redshirt senior transfer Jake Heaps that fall.
A source said Allison was having their best series of the day when they were sacked and injured, and had completed several passes in a row. The source also said Shirreffs took the first reps as a quarterback, with Rosier behind him. Those two worked with the first string, with Allison and Testaverde working with the second and third string. Weldon was not ready to play Saturday, according to Richt. They plan to play Weldon in next Saturday's scrimmage.
Yes, literally. This guy is asking for your money in exchange for a swift kick to the groin. According to an interview with Las Vegas Weekly , this guy, I'm going to call them Jimmy, and their roommates have been doing this since February. Jimmy says they make a couple hundred dollars a day and has even raked in a whopping $1,750 in just one night of nut crunching...fun?
When asked, 'What kind of pain are we talking about?', Jimmy replied:
There are some tricks to it, a certain way to ride my pants up. I'd say one out of every three kicks connects. I count on a few misses a day to keep me from being out. I got put out of the game a couple weeks ago when I had an NFL kicker come up. Right after they kicked me, they showed me their Super Bowl ring.
Jimmy says most people kick them as hard as they can, but as they tell Las Vegas Weekly , that is what they expect: T
hey want to kick me, they want to go for it, as hard as they can. They want to see me drop. They want to see me in pain. That's the whole point. That's how they get their entertainment and I provide it, I guess. Supply and demand.
Times are tough and the money they are getting for the short amount of work is actually pretty good, but this guy is literally nuts. Next time you want to complain about your job, remember you could always go and get your balls repeatedly booted in for $100+/day. You could even undercut the business and give out 2-for-1 deals. Genius, right?
[Via Las Vegas Weekly ]
LONDON (Reuters) - Gamers beware: Keeping too tight a grip on the console and furiously pushing the buttons can cause a newly identified skin disorder marked by painful lumps on the palms, Swiss scientists said on Tuesday.
Sony Corp's PlayStation 3 (PS3) game controller is pictured at a Sofmap electric store in Tokyo May 14, 2008. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao
Called “PlayStation palmar hidradentitis” by the scientists, the skin disorder can cause painful lesions on the palms similar to patches found on the soles of children's feet after taking part in heavy physical activity, they said.
“The tight and continuous grasping of the hand-grips together with repeated pushing of the buttons produce minor but continuous trauma to the (palm) surfaces,” Vincent Piguet and colleagues at University Hospitals and Medical School of Geneva reported in the British Journal of Dermatology.
A spokesperson for Sony Corp, which makes the PlayStation, noted the study involved one person and said the company had sold hundreds of millions of the consoles since the product was introduced in 1995.
“As with any leisure pursuit there are possible consequences of not following common sense, health advice and guidelines, as can be found within our instruction manuals,” Sony spokesperson David Wilson said.
“We would not wish to belittle this research and we will study the findings with interest, but this is the first time we have ever heard of a complaint of this nature.”
Excessive gaming is already seen as a public health issue, sparking addictive behavior that can lead to a range of psychological problems, the researchers said.
Other researchers have identified acute tendonitis from playing too much of Nintendo Co Ltd's Wii, and now a disorder related to the PlayStation can be added to the list, the team said.
Their study described the case of a 12-year-old girl who attended the Geneva hospital with intensely painful lesions on their hands, which they had developed four weeks earlier. They had no other lesions anywhere else on their body.
After questioning, the doctors discovered that several days prior to the appearance of the lesions the girl had started to play a game on their PlayStation for several hours each day.
The researchers suspected that grasping the console's hand-grips together with repeated pushing of the buttons produced minor but prolonged injury to the palm of the girl's hands, which can be made worse by sweating during a tense game.
The doctors recommended the girl stop playing and they recovered fully after 10 days, the researchers said.
“If you're worried about soreness on your hands when playing a games console, it might be sensible to give your hands a break from time to time, and don't play excessively if your hands are prone to sweating,” Nina Goad of the British Association of Dermatologists said in a statement.
OBJECTIVE:
This study aimed to explore effects of adjunctive N-acetylcysteine (NAC) treatment on inflammatory and neurogenesis markers in unipolar depression.
METHODS:
We embarked on a 12-week clinical trial of NAC (2000 mg/day compared with placebo) as an adjunctive treatment for unipolar depression. A follow-up visit was conducted 4 weeks following the completion of treatment. We collected serum samples at baseline and the end of the treatment phase (week 12) to determine changes in interleukin-6 (IL6), C-reactive protein (CRP) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) following NAC treatment.
RESULTS:
NAC treatment significantly improved depressive symptoms on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) over 16 weeks of the trial. Serum levels of IL6 were associated with reductions of MADRS scores independent of treatment response. However, we found no significant changes in IL6, CRP and BDNF levels following NAC treatment.
CONCLUSION:
Overall, this suggests that our results failed to support the hypothesis that IL6, CRP and BDNF are directly involved in the therapeutic mechanism of NAC in depression. IL6 may be a useful marker for future exploration of treatment response.
Jesus >> Robert G. Ingersoll on Jesus
"If Christ was in fact God, they knew all the future.
Before them like a panorama moved the history yet to be. They knew how their words would be interpreted. They knew what crimes, what horrors, what infamies, would be committed in their name. They knew that the hungry flames of persecution would climb around the limbs of countless martyrs. They knew that thousands and thousands of brave men and women would languish in dungeons in darkness, filled with pain. They knew that their church would invent and use instruments of torture; that their followers would appeal to whip and fagot, to chain and rack. They saw the horizon of the future lurid with the flames of the auto-da-fê. They knew what creeds would spring like poisonous fungi from every text. They saw the ignorant sects waging war against each other. They saw thousands of men, under the orders of priests, building prisons for their fellow-men. They saw thousands of scaffolds dripping with the best and bravest blood. They saw their followers using the instruments of pain. They heard the groans—saw the faces white with agony. They heard the shrieks and sobs and cries of all the moaning, martyred multitudes. They knew that commentaries would be written on their words with swords, to be read by the light of fagots. They knew that the Inquisition would be born of the teachings attributed to him.
They saw the interpolations and falsehoods that hypocrisy would write and tell. They saw all wars that would be waged, and they knew that above these fields of death, these dungeons, these rackings, these burnings, these executions, for a thousand years would float the dripping banner of the cross.
They knew that hypocrisy would be robed and crowned—that cruelty and credulity would rule the world; knew that liberty would perish from the earth; knew that popes and kings in their name would enslave the souls and bodies of men; knew that they would persecute and destroy the discoverers, thinkers and inventors; knew that their church would extinguish reason's holy light and leave the world without a star.
They saw their disciples extinguishing the eyes of men, flaying them alive, cutting out their tongues, searching for all the nerves of pain.
They knew that in their name their followers would trade in human flesh; that cradles would be robbed and women's breasts unbabed for gold.
And yet they died with voiceless lips.
Why did they fail to speak? Why did they not tell their disciples, and through them the world: "You shall not burn, imprison and torture in my name. You shall not persecute your fellow-men."
Why did they not plainly say: "I am the Son of God," or, "I am God?" Why did they not explain the Trinity? Why did they not tell the mode of baptism that was pleasing to him? Why did they not write a creed? Why did they not break the chains of slaves? Why did they not say that the Old Testament was or was not the inspired word of God? Why did they not write the New Testament himself? Why did they leave their words to ignorance, hypocrisy and chance? Why did they not say something positive, definite and satisfactory about another world? Why did they not turn the tear-stained hope of heaven into the glad knowledge of another life? Why did they not tell us something of the rights of man, of the liberty of hand and brain?
Why did they go dumbly to their death, leaving the world to misery and to doubt?
I will tell you why. They were a man, and did not know." (Ingersoll 1894)
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's central bank on Wednesday said it may revise growth estimates if new U.S. policies have a negative effect on the Mexican economy, a risk that the bank's governor said reinforced the need for Mexico to diversify its exports.
In its quarterly inflation report, the central bank tweaked its 2016 growth forecast to between 1.8-2.3 percent compared to a previous estimation of 1.7-2.5 percent.
It cut its 2017 economic growth outlook to between 1.5-2.5 percent versus a previous 2.0-3.0 percent, and said it saw 2018 growth of 2.2-3.2 percent.
“Right now, this is a world rich in uncertainty,” Banco de Mexico Governor Agustin Carstens said at a news conference in Mexico City, adding that they thought the current volatility in markets was a temporary phenomenon.
Carstens said the risks to the U.S.-Mexico trade relationship underlined the need for Mexico to diversify its exports, and the bank said its current economic projections were based on the current commercial relationship being unchanged.
However, the bank warned upcoming growth projections could be revised if U.S. policy toward Mexico changes. Mexican exports and foreign direct investment in the country could also potentially be affected by any U.S. shifts, it added.
Mexico's peso was sent to a record low following the surprise election of Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8.
During their campaign, Trump threatened to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement and build a wall along the U.S border with Mexico.
Mexico chose not to intervene to prop up the peso after the election result, and instead waited until last week, when it hiked interest rates to their highest in over seven years.
Carstens said it was natural for the peso to weaken due to the prospect that there could be a structural change in the U.S.-Mexican relationship. They said the rate hike last week had helped the currency stabilize and noted there had not been “big” outflows from Mexico.
Earlier on Wednesday, Mexico's economy posted its fastest quarterly growth in more than two years, and the government stuck to its previous growth outlook, insisting there was no tangible threat yet from President-elect Trump.
From the start of the campaign to impeach Brazil's democratically elected President Dilma Rousseff, the primary justification was that they used a budget trick known as pedaladas (“peddling”: illegal delay of re-payments to state banks) to mask public debt. But this week, as the Senate conducts their impeachment trial, that accusation was obliterated: The Senate's own expert report concluded there was “no indication of direct or indirect action by Dilma” in any such budgetary maneuvers. As the Associated Press put it: “Independent auditors hired by Brazil's Senate said in a report released Monday that suspended President Dilma Rousseff didn't engage in the creative accounting they were charged with at their impeachment trial.” In other words, the Senate's own objective experts gutted the primary claim as to why impeachment was something other than a coup.
The report did not fully exonerate Dilma, finding that they did open lines of credit without congressional approval, part of the impeachment case. But it was the pedaladas charge that dominated the debate all along.
(Headline above: Dilma is under threat of impeachment because of fiscal pedaladas)
If Dilma's impeachment were actually motivated by its stated cause — lawbreaking — this devastating report would stop impeachment in its tracks. Elio Gaspari, a leading columnist with Brazil's largest paper, Folha de São Paulo, wrote on Tuesday — under the headline “There is a Coup” — that in light of this new report, Dilma's impeachment may not be a “coup” in the sense that it is being achieved extra-legally, but it is now a coup in the sense that it is achieved without elections: by “plotting” through a “ruse.”
But so obviously, impeachment was never about any alleged lawbreaking by Dilma — that was just the excuse to remove a democratically elected president for ideological reasons — which is why the destruction of the primary legal charge against them has barely dented the impeachment momentum. Even the vehemently anti-Dilma paper Estadão documented how leading impeachment advocates this week instantly shifted their rationale: from claiming that pedaladas requires their impeachment to proclaiming that it was never actually important in the first place. Those are the actions of people devoted to an end without caring about the justification: They are determined to impeach Dilma for ideological reasons, so the destruction of the legal case against them makes no difference.
(Headline above: Expert report concludes that Dilma did not participate in fiscal pedaladas)
Even more significant is the growing evidence of the full-scale corruption of Dilma's installed replacement, Michel Temer. In just over 30 days since their installation, Temer lost three of their chosen ministers to corruption. One of them, their extremely close ally Romero Jucá, was caught on tape plotting Dilma's impeachment as a way to shut down the ongoing corruption investigation, as well as indicating that Brazil's military, the media, and the courts were all participants in the impeachment plotting.
A key investigation informant, former senator and construction executive Sérgio Machado, has now said that Temer received and controlled 1.5 million reals in illegal campaign funds, while a separate informant last week said Temer was the “beneficiary” of 1 million reals in bribes. And Temer is now banned by a court order from running for any office for eight years due to their own violation of election laws. Remember: This is who, in the name of fighting “corruption,” Brazil's elites installed in the place of the elected president.
Meanwhile, Temer's political party, PMDB, is almost certainly the most corrupt in this hemisphere. Its president of the lower House, Eduardo Cunha — who presided over Dilma's impeachment — is now suspended by the Supreme Court, and the House's Ethics Commission just voted to expel them entirely because they lied about bribe-filled Swiss bank accounts they control. The same construction executive, Machado, testified that three of PMBD's key leaders — including Jucá — were paid a total of 71.1 million reals in bribes. Meanwhile, two key Temer allies from the center-right PSDB that Dilma defeated in 2014 — Temer's Foreign Minister José Serra and Dilma's 2014 opponent Aécio Neves — are now both targets of the corruption investigation.
Until Temer's party, PMDB, decided to support Dilma's impeachment and thus empower its own corrupt leaders, PMDB was a key ally of Dilma. Dilma's party, PT, has its own healthy share of corrupt figures. But PMDB is little more than a self-serving, opportunistic transactional faction that has existed to grease the wheels of corruption and kickbacks in Brasília. The ironic joke that this is the party that has gained power and taken over in the name of anti-corruption is too extreme to put into words. As the New York Times put it in May, Temer's party is the one that controlled, and has now ruined, Rio: “The same party that created a mess in Rio is now running the country.”
As glaring as Temer's corruption and the fraud of Dilma's impeachment already were, two new events this week bolster it even further. First, Temer had dinner with two members of Brazil's Supreme Court — the body presiding over the corruption investigation and impeachment proceedings. Also attending the meeting were their Foreign Minister Serra and their close ally Aécio, both of whom are targets of that corruption probe. So Temer is literally meeting in secret with the very judges who are deciding impeachment and corruption probes (at the same time that Brazilian politicians, preparing to impose austerity measures, are voting to lavish these judges with a significant increase in their salary).
Second, at the same time that Temer is privately meeting with key judges, reports have surfaced that they are working hard on an agreement to “save the skin” of Cunha, one of the country's most corrupt politicians. Temer met at night with Cunha just this week. One plan being actively discussed would allow Cunha to resign and then have their criminal case assigned to favorable judges. Another provides that Cunha merely resign their presidency to maximize the chances that they will not be expelled from the House altogether. Worse still, O Globo today reported that Temer is now actively working with Aécio to ensure that Cunha's successor is favorable to him: someone who “did not work for Cunha's removal.”
Just think about what has happened when it comes to control over the world's fifth most populous (and very oil-rich) country. The democratically elected president was impeached despite no allegations of personal corruption — by politicians who are knee-deep in bribery and kickback scandals. The primary pretext used to impeach them has just been debunked by the Senate's own independent expert report. The corruption-plagued man they installed in their place — who currently has a 70 percent disapproval rating, and whom 60 percent of the country wants impeached — is now secretly meeting with the very judges whose supposed independence, credibility, and integrity were the prime argument against calling this a “coup,” all while they plot to save their bribery-enriched fellow party member. And while all this happens, they are blithely proceeding to impose a right-wing agenda of austerity and privatization that democracy would never allow.
Whatever the motives were for getting rid of Dilma, illegality and corruption plainly had nothing to do with it. Just look at this week's Senate report, or the face of the person they've installed, to see how true that is.
Clarification: this article was edited on July 1 to reflect that the 41% salary increase just approved was for employees of the judicial branch, to be made in installments over four years as compensation for prior years of lost wages; the bill to increase the salaries of Supreme Court judges is proceeding to approval in the Congress.
Cannibalism plays a big part in the life cycle of galaxies, but some rise from the dead as zombies – including one on a collision course with our own
(Image: NASA/JPL-Caltech)
THROUGHOUT cosmic time, galaxies age a little like humans do: they start out small, grow bigger, stronger and more productive, and eventually shrink and run out of energy as they dwindle towards death.
But recent research presented at the American Astronomical Society (AAS) meeting in Seattle last week shows that there is more than one way to kill a galaxy – and they don't always stay dead.
Unlike in humans, cannibalism seems to be the driving force behind galactic life cycles. Gravity pulls smaller galaxies together to form big ones. Then later on large galaxies – including the Milky Way – continue to eat smaller ones that stray into their clutches.
Advertisement
Such mergers influence a galaxy's health and appearance. In their prime of life, galaxies resemble our own Milky Way: grand spirals full of young stars, with more appearing at a healthy rate. But eventually something shuts them off, and they turn into spherical blobs full of old stars.
The question is how this happens. Is it quick, like the explorer who turns to dust after drinking from a fake Holy Grail in Indiana Jones? Or could it happen so slowly that the galaxy itself may not even realise it is dying?
For a long time the most popular suspect in the ageing process was mergers: two gas-rich spiral galaxies collide and form a new one whose stars are scrambled out of their elegant structure. Astronomers call the young spiral galaxies “blue”, because young stars tend to be blue in colour, and the old blobby galaxies “red and dead”, because old stars appear red.
That leaves a transition zone between blue and red galaxies called the “green valley”, in part because green light falls between blue and red in terms of energy (see diagram), although the stars don't actually look green.FIG-mg30044301.jpg
“The green valley is a mess,” says Daniel McIntosh of the University of Missouri-Kansas City. “It's like a smorgasbord of all kinds of processes. We have a general picture that galaxies are becoming more red and dead, but how?”
We do know that green galaxies have one thing in common: they are running out of gas. One clue to what might be happening comes from observing the black holes that live at their centres. If a black hole is actively gulping material, it can burp out powerful winds and radio jets that violently expel gas out of a galaxy. Years ago, astronomers noticed that galaxies with active black holes also clustered in the green valley.
“So for a few years, it was sort of, ah, well, this proves everything!” says Kevin Schawinski at ETH Zurich in Switzerland, founder of the citizen science project Galaxy Zoo.
But they realised that a galaxy doesn't have to change from a spiral to a blob in order to change its star formation. Using Galaxy Zoo data, they and their colleagues showed that there are two paths through the green valley: the fast switch-off and the slow fade (Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, doi.org/x7m).
The galaxies that die quickly probably get a nudge from a central black hole. Schawinski and their colleagues used a radio telescope in the Netherlands to observe four green valley galaxies whose colours indicate that their ages are slightly different, so you can line them up in a time sequence from youngest to oldest.
The galaxies that die quickly probably get a nudge from their central black hole
In their radio images, presented at the AAS meeting, clouds of gas flee the galaxies over about a million years – a pretty short time for a galaxy. One of them also had echoes of jets from the central black hole that aligned perfectly with the ejected gas clouds.
“The black hole is not doing anything any more, it's quiet now, but this is past action by the jets,” Schawinski says. While that doesn't prove that the black hole kicked out the gas, it is suggestive.
The slow route across the green valley is more subtle. Sometimes a galaxy can just run out of gas, or enter a mode where its gas is too hot to collapse into new stars. They keep their youthful spiral shapes, but their star formation fades over many billions of years.
“We call these zombie galaxies,” Schawinski says. “They're already dead, but they don't know it yet, so they keep going.” The Milky Way may even be such a galaxy, although it's hard to tell from inside it. And according to Schawinski, our nearest neighbour galaxy, Andromeda, is probably a zombie.
Zombie galaxies are already dead but they don't know it yet, so they keep going
Last gasp
Some galaxies refuse to conform to either path. In 2011, Katherine Alatalo of the California Institute of Technology and their colleagues found a galaxy called NGC 1266 that looked old in terms of its shape and its colour, but also had a lot of hydrogen and molecular oxygen, which are usually signs of star formation. It also showed signs of gas flowing out from the central black hole.
“It looks nothing like anything we've seen out of our galaxy,” Alatalo says. “It was transitioning in a way that was not obvious – yet it was old.”
Alatalo thinks NGC 1266 was caught mid-death throes. It was already in the last chance saloon when a collision with a smaller galaxy finished the job. The shock of the merger moved the gas into the middle, where the central black hole beat it up, Alatalo says, spewing out gas faster than gravity could form it into stars, (arxiv.org/abs/1410.4556).
At the AAS, Alatalo presented a whole cadre of other galaxies in similar straits, culled from other sky surveys (The Astrophysical Journal Letters, doi.org/x7n). “We think we caught them on the cusp of transitioning,” they say. “They're like people in movies who have been riddled with bullet holes, who give you that one last glance of surprise before they fall to the ground.”
But even red and dead need not be the end for a galaxy. Eating a small, gas-rich galaxy delivers a boost of young stars and can also trigger a brief flurry of new star formation, bringing the host galaxy back from the dead.
“The red and dead galaxy can temporarily cross over into the green valley and then back out again,” says McIntosh.
Also at the AAS, Sirio Belli of Caltech presented evidence that galaxies can keep growing even after they stop making new stars. They noted that the dead galaxies we see in the local universe are larger in size than in the distant, earlier universe. That means one of two things, they say: either the nearby dead galaxies died recently, and so had more time to grow before switching off, or they kept growing even after their star-forming days were over, possibly by merging with smaller galaxies.
To tease these two possibilities apart, Belli worked out the ages of distant dead galaxies with the help of a newly installed spectrograph on the Keck telescope in Hawaii that let them peer further back in cosmic time, and measured their physical size using images from the Hubble Space Telescope.
They found that the younger galaxies are bigger, so they did have more time to grow before dying. But that only accounts for about half of the post-mortem increases they observed. They also found that much of the growth in the early universe happened too quickly to be explained by mergers. The true nature of these galaxies remains a mystery.
For our own galaxy, the future is somewhat clearer. Whether we are a walking zombie or not, the Milky Way is on course to collide with the Andromeda galaxy in about 4 billion years. Watching the wreckage of other galaxies in the universe will help us figure out what our own destiny will be.
This article appeared in print under the headline “Galactic zombies roam the cosmos”
Remember the good old days where you could dismiss stories in tabloids as “fake news”? Doesn't seem that long ago. But it's a brave new world we live in. So when The Sun, which sometimes identifies as real news but is more commonly known as a tabloid, writes a rumor about the Navy SEALs who took out Bin Laden training for a sequel? Well. We have to read it.
As if Kim Jong-un wasn't already paranoid…
THE crack US Navy Seal team that killed Osama bin Laden is reportedly training to take out North Korean tyrant Kim Jong-un. Seal Team Six is taking part in secretive drills alongside other elite US forces in South Korea amid rising tensions with Pyongyang. US military officials confirmed “ground, air, naval and special operations” are taking part in “several joint and combined field training operations” which involve up to 17,000 troops. And South Korean newspaper JoongAng Daily has claimed the teams would take part in a drill to simulate the removal of Kim Jong-un. But US officials denied the elite troopers are preparing a raid to take out Kim.
(I was looking for a Gif of the “Navy Seals” line from Clerks, and found this instead. I apologize for nothing).
Again, right now it's just a rumor in a tabloid. We won't know it's true until President Trump announces it happened while using as many “frankly the best” as they can in one speech. Then leftists attack them for taking credit for it when it was really the Navy SEALs who did all the work. This is the big leagues here.
But if this is rumor is true, and this SEAL team does take out Kim Jong-un before they launch nukes, they deserve the “Most badass men of all time” award. We'll bequeath them all the mugs. After we dip them in platinum.
Now, let's be clear, we're not suggesting the USA start taking out foreign leaders we don't like. We're talking about removing actual threats to the United States. And if Kim Jong-un wants to launch nukes at us, then a SEAL team isn't inappropriate.
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
The new molecule employs a nanographene complex (on left) to absorb light and drive the conversion of carbon dioxide (upper center) to carbon monoxide (on right).
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- An international team of scientists led by Liang-shi Li at Indiana University has achieved a new milestone in the quest to recycle carbon dioxide in the Earth's atmosphere into carbon-neutral fuels and others materials.
The chemists have engineered a molecule that uses light or electricity to convert the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide into carbon monoxide -- a carbon-neutral fuel source -- more efficiently than any other method of "carbon reduction."
The process is reported today in the Journal of the American Chemical Society.
"If you can create an efficient enough molecule for this reaction, it will produce energy that is free and storable in the form of fuels," said Li, associate professor in the IU Bloomington College of Arts and Sciences' Department of Chemistry. "This study is a major leap in that direction."
Burning fuel -- such as carbon monoxide -- produces carbon dioxide and releases energy. Turning carbon dioxide back into fuel requires at least the same amount of energy. A major goal among scientists has been decreasing the excess energy needed.
This is exactly what Li's molecule achieves: requiring the least amount of energy reported thus far to drive the formation of carbon monoxide. The molecule -- a nanographene-rhenium complex connected via an organic compound known as bipyridine -- triggers a highly efficient reaction that converts carbon dioxide to carbon monoxide.
The ability to efficiently and exclusively create carbon monoxide is significant due to the molecule's versatility.
In every which way the case against Kim Dotcom has been illegal - witnessed by an FBI SWAT raid on their home in 2012 - and pushed ahead on the say-so of US media corporations, says former British intelligence officer Annie Machon.
A New Zealand court has upheld a 2015 ruling against the German-Finnish internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom who founded the now defunct file-hosting service Megaupload.  They are now eligible for extradition to the US along with three associates.
Read more
The judge decided Dotcom and three co-accused cannot be extradited on copyright infringement charges. However, there were "general criminal law fraud provisions" which make the extradition possible.
In the US, Dotcom faces charges of copyright infringement, money laundering and wire fraud. It is claimed they cost film studios and record companies in America more than $500 million on copyright violations.
RT: Do you think he'll actually be extradited now?
Annie Machon: I think he'll put up a very robust fight. They knew right from the start that they could not be extradited under copyright laws. This is a very nasty and very protracted battle, the latest battle in the intellectual property right war that is being waged by American corporations globally over the last few years. And yet the way they have gone about it has been illegal in so many ways.
So, for example, the FBI SWAT team that was sent to raid their house in 2012 – this has been ruled as an illegal infringement of New Zealand's national sovereignty. Judge Gilbert said the New Zealand intelligence agencies were illegally spying on him. They've used civil asset forfeiture laws in America to seize their assets. So, every which way this has been an illegal operation conducted by the FBI, on the say-so of the American media corporations.
Judgement: I'm no longer getting extradited for Copyright. We won on that. I'm now getting extradited for a law that doesn't even apply. — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) 20 февраля 2017 г.
RT: The other side of it is the record and film companies that are saying that they got to be the creative and that cost money…Are we supposed to see the argument there?
AM: We have a situation here where they set up a legitimate business. It is like sort of encrypted drop box where people could share legitimate information – family photographs, businesses could cloud share their documents, etc. And the Americans took down megaupload.com claiming global hegemony over any top-tier American domain names .com,.net,.info,.org., which is a terrible legal precedent. So, all these legitimate users of megaupload.com also lost their information, documents, and photographs. So, it is a dangerous precedent for the American state to set, to claim this global legal hegemony and it caused harm to many people.
I actually think that the broader context here is to appreciate the fact that the statement or the case against Kim Dotcom … has been based on the idea that they violated copyright. But the interesting thing about it is that the copyright argument failed in the court. So the actual court decision featuring Justice Gilbert said the copyright argument was nonsense, that in effect Kim Dotcom and their co-accused were correct. So, what they did was actually deal with the broader issue of other charges connected – racketeering, fraud, and conspiracy more specifically.- Binoy Kampmark, senior lecturer at the RMIT University, Melbourne.
RT: Do you think US authorities are afraid of Dotcom's encrypting after all the hacker scandals they're facing right now?
AM: Very much so. We know from Snowden that our intelligence agencies are spying on what we communicate over the internet. The fundamental problem with the out-dated business model which is the intellectual property right wars is that they use these big media companies and the argument of copyright to try and snoop on what information is going across the internet. Is it copyrighted – therefore we need to be able to see what is being handed across. They have actually gone up to including the idea of deep packet inspection of what is being sent over the internet purely in the name of copyright. This is a sort of ghastly pincer movement between the state spies spying on what we are saying and the copyright industry finding excuses to snoop on what we are sending. And it is not just records or films. It is also medical patents, food patents, academic research, everything.
Failure of the bill, aimed at curbing US surveillance, should be a relief. It was weak, and rejected by the public as much as the senate, says Evan Greer
Last night, I'm sure many hardworking privacy activists in the US poured a stiff drink after the Senate voted not to advance the USA Freedom Act, a bill intended to to reform some aspects of the US surveillance state. Personally, I was relieved.
As the campaign director of an organisation that's been fighting government data collection since before anyone had heard the name Edward Snowden, I have a little bit of insight into why the USA Freedom Act was narrowly defeated last night. Spoiler: It wasn't ISIS. It wasn't Republican hawkishness. It wasn't even the Democrat's cowardice.
The USA Freedom Act failed because it was a weak reform bill that didn't accomplish enough good to excite a grassroots base that would fight for it and ensure victory.
You don't have to be a political junkie or a policy wonk to know that getting a good law passed in this US Congress is nigh on impossible. The victories we have won for internet freedom and other causes have been hard fought, and have always required a mass movement of active and engaged people working together toward a common goal.
In the months after Edward Snowden exposed the extent of our government's surveillance apparatus, a powerful movement grew with a clear demand: end mass government surveillance; privacy is a human right.
Millions of people took action online; thousands more protested in Washington DC, and at demonstrations around the world. My inbox was flooded with questions from Fight for the Future members asking me how they could best join the fight to end the spying.
On 5 June, the anniversary of the first news story based on Snowden's whistleblowing, we organised Reset the Net, a direct action campaign to encrypt as much of the web as possible, making mass surveillance more difficult and expensive. Tens of thousands of websites participated, including the most popular sites on the web, and the campaign reached millions of people. The momentum was palpable.
But this week, as the USA Freedom Act headed to a vote, no websites displayed banners, no one rallied in the streets, and the only emails I got from my members were to warn me about a rumour that Harry Reid intended to attach a provision from the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) as an amendment to the bill.
The fact is, while many privacy organisations gave qualified support for the USA Freedom Act, and had well reasoned explanations why, the general public was not impressed. The bill was weak to begin with. It only targeted a small portion of the types of surveillance we know the NSA and other agencies are conducting. And it had been so badly watered down since its introduction that, for an internet public whose trust had been violated in the worst way, common sense told people not to trust it.
It wasn't just tinfoil-hat wearing 4chan users that were sceptical. A surveillance expert whose blog has been the centre of analysis of surveillance reform has been raising very concerning questions about language in the bill for months that none of the NGOs supporting USA Freedom have been able to address. A group of former NSA whistle-blowers, who know the NSA's internal culture better than any policy experts, came out in opposition to the House version of the bill. Even the NGO community was split; several groups felt it didn't go nearly far enough, and were concerned that this bill would have reauthorised portions of the Patriot Act that are set to expire in 2015, and which we have a real chance of defeating forever, if we can rally public support.
Finally, many people, and privacy groups outside the US, raised concerns that this bill did next to nothing to protect the rights of non-US citizens, which disillusioned another powerful group of potential allies.
The prevailing narrative among primarily DC-based civil liberties organisations is that we have to take what we can get, and USA Freedom Act was the only bicycle that we could ride. But history shows that when you compromise too early, you always lose. The public wants an end to mass government surveillance, but this bill wasn't that, so there was little public support for the organisations working to get it passed.
Don't believe the headlines today that say “Congress rejects NSA reform.” That's not what happened. What happened is that the internet-using public rejected a weak bill and refused to turn out to support it. Let it be a lesson: stick to your guns if you want to keep your army. The movement is still here and we still want the same thing; an end to all forms of mass surveillance.
Evan Greer is campaign director at Fight for the Future. You can follow them on Twitter @evan_greer.
To get weekly news analysis, job alerts and event notifications direct to your inbox, sign up free for Media Network membership.
All Guardian Media Network content is editorially independent except for pieces labelled ‘Advertisement feature'. Find out more here.
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- A transgender woman says they were kidnapped and robbed at gunpoint after meeting a man they were communicating with on a social networking site.
Raymond Lee Deloach Jr., 26, faces a charge of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon and an aggravated kidnapping charge, both first-degree felonies. A second suspect, 17-year-old Rayshad Deloach, was also arrested in relation to this incident, an Austin Police Department spokesperson confirmed Monday.
The victim in this case told police they met a man online and after exchanging messages, they decided to meet with them in person when they got off of work the next day.
The man asked the victim to meet them at their apartment complex in the 10900 block of FM 620 -- near Anderson Mill Road -- on Thursday, according to an affidavit. They told them to park outside of the office.
Once the two were outside at around 3 p.m., the suspect asked the victim if they really are transgender and after they reassured them that they are, they left and texted them that they would be back.
When they returned, they sat in the front seat of the car while a second suspect, later identified as 26-year-old Raymond Lee Deloach Jr., entered the back seat. The victim says Raymond Deloach told them they had a gun and instructed them to drive.
The victim said they were afraid they would be shot if they didn't obey their orders due to past news stories about hate crimes against the transgender community.
And, citing recent murders nationwide of transgender men and women, the victim "felt like their freedom of movement was restricted by the threat of deadly force" and they thought they were going to kill her, the affidavit states.
The victim said the suspects instructed them where to drive to a specific location. Once there, they told them to walk toward the back of an abandoned complex, where Raymond Deloach allegedly struck them with a closed fist, knocking them backwards and causing them to fall to the ground, the affidavit states. The victim said Raymond Deloach tried to steal their purse and while they tried to hold onto it, they struck them with a closed fist again so they pleaded with them to let them keep their ID and car keys.
They said Raymond Deloach then grabbed a large wood log and held it over their head. Fearing for their life, they later told police they realized their belongings were replaceable but they aren't so they let go of their purse, the affidavit states.
The victim said they believe the suspects thought they would be less likely to report the incident to the police since they are transgender. But, after the suspects took off with their purse, the victim knocked on a couple of different doors in the neighborhood until someone answered and called the police for them
The initial suspect, "Jay," is identified as an 18- or 19-year-old black male, weighing about 220 pounds, with very short hair and glasses, the victim told police. They were wearing a white T-shirt and black pants. Police were still searching for them Friday afternoon, but announced on Monday the arrest of 17-year-old Rayshad Deloach.
Police say Raymond Deloach's criminal history includes previous arrests for robbery and aggravated robbery.
Their total bond for Thursday's incident is set at $150,000.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Aid agencies say Rohingya refugees from Myanmar are in desperate need of aid
The security operation targeting Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar "seems a textbook example of ethnic cleansing", the UN human rights chief says.
Zeid Raad Al Hussein urged Myanmar to end the "cruel military operation" in Rakhine state.
More than 300,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh since violence erupted there late last month.
The military says it is responding to attacks by Rohingya militants and denies it is targeting civilians.
The violence began on 25 August when the Rohingya militants attacked police posts in northern Rakhine, killing 12 security personnel.
Rohingyas who have fled Myanmar since then say the military responded with a brutal campaign, burning villages and attacking civilians in a bid to drive them out.
The Rohingya, a stateless mostly Muslim minority in Buddhist-majority Rakhine, have long experienced persecution in Myanmar, which says they are illegal immigrants.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Who is burning down Rohingya villages?
Mr Zeid, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, said the current operation in Rakhine was "clearly disproportionate".
They noted that the situation could not be fully assessed because Myanmar had refused access to human rights investigators, but said the UN had received "multiple reports and satellite imagery of security forces and local militia burning Rohingya villages, and consistent accounts of extrajudicial killings, including shooting fleeing civilians".
"I call on the government to end its current cruel military operation, with accountability for all violations that have occurred and to reverse the pattern of severe and widespread discrimination against the Rohingya population," they said.
Latest reports put the number of those who have fled to Bangladesh at 313,000. Aid agencies say they are in desperate need of food, shelter and medical aid, and that current resources are inadequate.
Bangladesh is already hosted to hundreds of thousands of Rohingya who have fled previous outbreaks of violence in Rakhine. Existing refugee camps are full and the new arrivals are sleeping rough in whatever space they can find, reports say.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Justin Rowlatt reports from the Bangladesh border
The authorities have, however, started to register the new arrivals. Previously only those in two official camps were being documented, but government teams are now collecting fingerprints and details from all newcomers, including those in makeshift shelters.
Analysts say that, until now, the government has refused to register those outside camps for fear of legitimising them. But the current move may help the government as it engages in a diplomatic battle about the Rohingyas' future, the BBC's Sanjoy Majumder reports.
On Sunday, the Rohingya militant group behind the 25 August attacks declared a one-month unilateral ceasefire to allow aid agencies in, but the Myanmar government rejected it, saying it would not negotiate with "terrorists".
It maintains that it is the militants who are burning Rohingya villages and targeting civilians, but a BBC correspondent on an official visit to Rakhine came across a Muslim village apparently burned by Rakhine Buddhists, contradicting the official narrative.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's de facto leader, is facing mounting criticism for failing to protect the Rohingya, and on Monday exiled Tibetan Buddhist leader the Dalai Lama added their voice, urging them "to reach out to all sections of society to try to restore friendly relations".
But the Rohingya are extremely unpopular inside Myanmar. On Sunday, police fired rubber bullets to break up a mob attacking the home of a Muslim butcher in Magway region in central Myanmar. One protester was quoted by AFP news agency saying it was a response to events in Rakhine.
NOTE (10:18 AM, July 25, 2015): This article was published well prior to the Mets acquiring Juan Uribe and Kelly Johnson.
It's tempting to write an article begging the New York Mets to make a big trade for a significant bat at the deadline. After all, adding one of Troy Tulowitzki, Justin Upton, Todd Frazier or Yasiel Puig would instantly address the team's offensive problems.
But it's pretty unlikely the Mets make such a deal. And as ESPN‘s Mark Simon astutely wrote about recently, it might not be wise for it to happen, either.
Instead, there's a realistic alternative: the Mets could trade for platoon partners and generally helpful, but not “star”-caliber players without hemorrhaging the future.
1) Jon Niese to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Scott Van Slyke*
David Wright's season-long absence has been a storyline the Mets simply were not prepared for. But the team's underachieving outfield has actually affected the team's offense the most.
Curtis Granderson's minus-4 wRC+ is the fourth-worst wRC+ against left-handed pitching in baseball. Juan Lagares has witnessed their moderate success against righties (.268 batting average with a 88 wRC+ in 2014) sink to unacceptable levels in 2015 (.248 batting average with a 61 wRC+). And Michael Cuddyer, who the Mets signed to a two-year, $21 million contract this past offseason, has been in a yearlong slump, posting a combined .250 batting average and 94 wRC+.
In an attempt to fix their outfield, the first trade the Mets should execute at the deadline is dealing Jon Niese to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Scott Van Slyke.
With all the injury blows to the Dodgers' rotation, the first-place team has been publicly seeking trade help, according to Fox Sports' Ken Rosenthal. Niese certainly isn't an ace, but perhaps the cost of acquiring Johnny Cueto or Cole Hamels will be too high (i.e. young, major-league ready talent). Plus, despite what many Mets' fans think of Niese, he's still better than the “TBD” arms the Dodgers have been forced to roll out.
In 2015, Van Slyke has posted a park-adjusted 176 wRC+ as the right-handed hitting platoon with Andre Ethier in the Dodgers' crowded outfield. Yet, even though the 28-year-old has owned left-handers, they also own a stellar career 107 wRC+ against their own kind.
Inserting Van Slyke as either Granderson's platoon partner or as a full-time experiment and replacement for Cuddyer would instantly improve the Mets' offense. And since the Dodgers' outfielder is pre-arbitration, the Mets would inherit team control through 2019.
From the Dodgers' perspective, losing Van Slyke won't hurt their offense as much as Niese will help improve their rotation. In Van Slyke's place, the Dodgers could use other in-house right-handed hitting outfielders like Alex Guerrero and Darnell Sweeney.
And Niese's $9 million commitment in 2016 — and similarly priced team options in 2017 and 2018 — would only be a moderate expense for the Dodgers' $270-plus million payroll.
* = upon further review, the proposed top prospect in addition to Van Slyke was excessive speculation, and has been edited.
2) Dillon Gee to the Boston Red Sox for Alejandro De Aza
With Brandon Nimmo potentially major-league ready by 2016, Juan Lagares needed to hit well against right-handed pitchers this year to protect their future status as a full-time player.
That hasn't been the case thus far, unfortunately.
Even though Lagares is a Gold Glove-caliber fielder and has hit a fruitful .286 with a 122 wRC+ against left-handed pitching this year, the 26-year-old has struggled mightily against righties. The right-handed hitter has posted a mere .248 with a 61 wRC+ against their own kind.
Considering the Mets own the fourth-worst batting average (.238) and fifth-worst wRC+ (87) against right-handed pitching this year, Lagares' lackluster at-bats are deserving of blame.
Acquiring left-handed hitting Will Venable from the San Diego Padres would be the obvious move, as the Padres will likely sell off their free-agents-to-be. But Boston Red Sox's Alejandro De Aza would be the cheaper alternative.
De Aza, whom the Baltimore Orioles designated-for-assignment back in late-May, has hit well for the Red Sox since joining them on June 3. As a left-handed hitting platoon (essentially with Mike Napoli), the 31-year-old has smacked around right-handers to the tune of a .288 batting average, six home runs, and a 127 wRC+.
Even though De Aza's best glove work has been in left field (a career 6.7 UZR/150), they also have plenty of experience in centerfield (a career 0.6 UZR/150 over 2,621.1).
Swapping De Aza for Gee makes sense for the Red Sox given the rotation's third-worst 4.78 ERA and middle-of-the-pack 5.8 fWAR. While Gee has struggled themselves in 2015, earning a demotion to Triple-A in late-June, perhaps their promising peripherals (4.19 xFIP), respectable track record (career 4.03 ERA and 4.16 xFIP), and team control through 2016 make them a solid return for the free-agent-to-be De Aza.
3) Michael Cuddyer to the Atlanta Braves; Michael Fulmer, Chris Johnson, and $10M ($7M via Braves, $3M via Mets) to the Houston Astros; Marwin Gonzalez to the Mets
It's quite possible that the Houston Astros will make the playoffs for the first time since 2006. So why should they consider trading away Marwin Gonzalez, who is currently the right-handed hitting half of the Astros' successful third base platoon?
Well, perhaps acquiring a historically superior lefty masher (Chris Johnson), a former first-round pick pitching well at Double-A (Michael Fulmer), and briefcase filled with $10 million would appeal to them.
Gonzalez, a natural shortstop, has done a wonderful job teaming with Luis Valbuena at third base this season. The 26-year-old is hitting .296 with four home runs, and a 123 wRC+ over 70 plate appearances against left-handers. Gonzalez has even contributed with their glove, fielding a 1 DRS and 14.3 UZR/150 over 89.2 innings at the hot corner.
But Johnson has been better. At least, over the course of their career.
Since 2009, Johnson owns a .314 batting average with 16 home runs and a 117 wRC+ over 680 career plate appearances against lefties. And despite just hitting .243 with a 68 wRC+ this season, the former-Astros farmhand is still getting the job done against southpaws: a .340 batting average and 127 wRC+.
While the 30-year-old's contract is a bad one – he'll earn about $20 million through 2017 – the proposed salary relief would slice the Astros' financial responsibility in half.
Without losing a step at third base – plus adding Fulmer, who is finally healthy and tossing a 2.16 ERA at Binghamton – such a trade would simultaneously improve the Astros' present and future. The Astros could also dangle Fulmer as part of a bigger package towards acquiring the frontline starting pitcher the team covets.
Swapping Johnson for Michael Cuddyer makes sense for the Braves for a variety of reasons, too – even if they are eventually DL'd with a bone bruise.
Despite hitting .250 with a 94 wRC+ this season, Cuddyer is just one year removed from a 1.4 fWAR season – and two years removed a 2.4 fWAR season. By comparison, Johnson has only been worth 3.2 fWAR over their entire career.
And while Cuddyer has hardly earned their $8.5 million salary in 2015 – and likely won't earn their $12.5 million salary in 2016, either – their ceiling is still far higher than Chris Johnson's, who is set to earn an average of $8.75 million over the next two seasons (including a $1 million buyout in 2017).
With Eury Perez's unsustainable .360 BABIP likely to regress, Cuddyer poses as a massive upgrade in left field over a smattering of Perez and Jonny Gomes. Plus, if Cuddyer finds their stroke again, they could turn into a solid option for the Braves in 2016 or a rental piece for another team.
And lastly, the Mets installing Marwin Gonzalez as their starting shortstop would inch closer to solving a three-and-a-half-year void at the position. Gonzalez certainly isn't Jose Reyes – but they do provide more pop than Ruben Tejada.
In addition to their success against left-handed pitching, Gonzalez can play multiple positions, and is technically a switch-hitter. Even though he's only managed a .233 batting average and 72 wRC+ versus righties, he's still hit a home run in 3.1 percent of their at-bats versus right-handed pitching in 2015. By comparison, Tejada's career HR/AB versus their weaker split sits at a mere 0.5 percent.
Advertisements
Just walk for a kilometre and you can produce enough power to charge your mobile or laptop! Developed by Subhranshu Banerjee - a 8th standard student from Odisha - this innovative answer to energy woes is one among many solutions to India's problems that children have presented at the 101st Indian Science Congress here.
Subhranshu, a student of ODM Public School at Bhubaneswar, has developed a system that is fitted in a shoe wherein if a person walks for one kilometre, they or they can produce enough power to charge batteries of their mobiles, laptops and other gadgets.
“My concept is based on usage of piezo cell. This cell has to be fitted in a shoe's sole and is connected with a battery. Whenever a person will walk, this cell will produce power which will be stored in the battery,” Subhranshu told dna.
“At present, if a person wears this shoe and walks one kilometre, then they or they can produce enough power that can charge battery of a smartphone and in few cases laptops too,” they said.
It took Subhranshu around six months to complete their project and it costs Rs100 if price of the shoe is excluded.  They are trying to rope in shoe manufactures to commercialise their product and is also preparing to introduce it in their school with help of the school authorities.
Subhranshu explained that they got this idea while they were thinking of routine energy woes in our lives as so many times gadgets stop working when there is no power.
Another student, who was keenly looking at Subhranshu's project, said not only this would solve power woes for people who are on the move but will also improve health of people as they would walk more.
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on Sunday pitched for reforms in law as they stressed the need to develop a legal system based on the “ethos of the society”. Addressing the concluding ceremony of the silver jubilee celebrations of the Akhil Bharatiya Adhivakta (Advocates) Parishad here, Bhagwat said though the new Constitution was drafted after Independence, some old laws were taken from foreign sources. “Our constitution was written based on the understanding of the ‘Bharatiya' ethos of our founding fathers, but many of the laws that we are still using are based on the foreign sources and that laws were made as per their thinking…seven decades have passed since our independence…this is something we must address,” they said.
Advertising
Bhagwat demanded that entire system be based on the ethos of the society. “Our legal system should also be based on such ethos. A discussion and debate should be held on this. After a comprehensive national debate we will have to arrive at a consensus and such system should be made available to people. It should be such that it not only benefits our country but also sets an example for other countries,” they said.
“…Other nations have their own jurisprudence. But does our jurisprudence reflect the moral and value systems of our society?” they asked. The Sangh chief referred to the trial of revolutionary Birsa Munda and 400 tribals by the British for leading an armed struggle for independence.
“Unfortunately, what the tribals were saying was being misrepresented by the interpreters and there was a huge gap between what the (trial) judge was saying and what the accused were saying. This gap seems to exist even today. “Our justice system is under the ambit of the legal framework but what is legal may not be morally right. For example, during the Emergency, police had the right to shoot anyone and one could not ask a question. Legally, the police were right but morally….?” they questioned.
Recalling their interaction with Pranab Mukherjee, Bhagwat said they asked the former president the definition of legality. “I recently asked Pranab Mukherjee about what is the definition of legality. They said morality is legality. Then I asked them is vice versa true?” they asked. Appealing to utilise the wisdom of “our seers”, Bhagwat said the “Neeti Shastra” has a lot to offer which modern day law-makers should take a leaf out of.
“The Westerners, including scientists and intellectuals, are studying/examining our ‘Upnishads' which is our tradition,” they said. Underlining the importance of law and legislation in running the society, Bhagwat said a society should be built where its morality is at a level where the society in general and law are not at loggerheads with each other. “No doubt, enforcement of law is necessary. However, it will be 100 per cent effective only when the masses are educated. This education cannot be just by information, but should include moral-based education. Unless we develop examples of honesty by living Bharatiya values by ourselves, we will not be able to transform the society,” they said.
They appealed to the members of the legal fraternity to reach out to those people who are facing injustice because of weakness and “embrace them”. “Work towards solutions that the poor and deprived are facing. Based on ‘Satyamev Jayate' we have too helpful to them in sorting out their difficulties and problems that are arising out of injustice,” the Sangh chief said. Even in Mahabharata, Gandhari had blessed their sons with ‘Satyamev Jayate' and not ‘Vijayi Bhava', they recalled.
“The Adhivakta Parishad was formed in 1992 under the guidance of Dattopant Thengadi during a time when the Shahbano case judgement, and the discussion on Hindutva was raging. “The nation was in the midst of a huge debate. Couple of the key functions of the ABAP was to fight many legal issues that were cropping up during that time and also to give voices to the millions of the people who could not afford legal assistance. The gap between those to whom justice is not accessible should be reduced,” Bhagwat added.
Advertising
In our society, ‘dharma' was placed highest as it stands on the pillars of truth, “unlike in the Western society which believed that the king is supreme and could do no wrong, they said.
Scientists have discovered that a particular type of enzyme can cut away antigens in blood types A and B, to make them more like Type O - considered the 'universal' blood type, because it's the only type that can be donated to anyone without the risk of provoking a life-threatening immune response.
The team, from the University of British Columbia of Canada, worked with a family of enzymes called 98 glycoside hydrolases, extracted from a strain of Streptococcus pneumoniae. Over many generations, they were able to engineer a super high-powered enzyme strain that can very effectively snip away blood antigens where previous generations of the enzyme struggled. "A major limitation has always been the efficiency of the enzymes," one of the team, Stephen Withers, said in a press release. "Impractically large amounts of enzyme were needed."
Getting the right type of blood when you need it is crucial, and it has to do with the different types of residue that can accumulate the surface of red blood cells. Both blood types A and B have this residue - A has an N-acetylgalactosamine residue, and B has a galactose residue - and Type AB has a mixture of both. Only Blood Type O is free from this residue, which means it can be received by any patient, no matter what type they're carrying.
Withers and their team managed to create their 'mutant' enzyme strain using a technology called directed evolution, which allows them to insert many different types of mutations into the gene that codes for it, and by progressively selecting strains that are the best at snipping away the blood antigens, were able to create an enzyme that's 170 times more effective at it than its parent strain. They published their results in the Journal of the American Chemical Society.
"The concept is not new, but until now we needed so much of the enzyme to make it work that it was impractical," said Withers. "Now I'm confident that we can take this a whole lot further."
While the current enzyme strain is not yet capable of removing 100 percent of the antigens from Blood Types A and B, which is where it needs to get if the researchers want to make any real use of it, the team is confident that they'll get it there so they can try it out in clinical trials. Even the smallest amount of antigen in donated blood can set off a dangerous immune response in the recipient.
"Given our success so far, we are optimistic that this will work," says Withers.
The Saudi-backed Hadi government in Yemen issued a statement today condemning yesterday's move by key figures across the nation's south to establish a secessionist council that is aiming to formally declare independence from Yemen and return to an independent South Yemen.
The Hadi government's territory roughly overlaps the territory of pre-1994 South Yemen, and officials complain that making it an independent nation would undermine the Saudi war, which aims to conquer all of Yemen for President Hadi, whose two-year term in office ended in 2014, and who resigned in 2015.
Since the 1994 conquest of South Yemen, there has been an active secessionist movement there, mostly violently cracked down upon by the national government. The Saudi invasion of Yemen in 2015 has split the country into two halves, roughly along the historical lines, which has emboldened the southerners on the idea of reasserting themselves as independent.
Saudi officials are refusing all comment on the matter, but even the notion that the Saudis might ultimately conquer the whole country for them seems to be enough to incentivize Hadi, who is themselves a southerner, to keep the war going. With little territory changing hands in months, however, there appears to already be a de facto split, and it's just taking a long time for everyone to come to terms with it.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Sen. Elizabeth Warren may live in neighboring Cambridge, but that isn't stopping them from making an endorsement in Boston's mayoral race.
With less than a month until the November 7 election, Warren formally backed incumbent Mayor Marty Walsh in their bid for a second term against fellow Democrat and city councilor Tito Jackson.
Warren joined Walsh and hundreds of supporters Sunday at historic Doyle's Cafe in Jamaica Plain. The Massachusetts senator said they “would want no other person leading the charge in Boston,” according to a release from Walsh's campaign:
“I stand with you to speak about a dear friend and a fierce fighter for the people of Boston, Mayor Marty Walsh. Marty and I have always had each other's back because we stand side-by-side on basic core values—the basic values that matter to Bostonians, no matter where you're from, no matter what your background is, no matter who you love. He's building a city that works well for everyone, whether it is building housing at a record pace to meet needs, ensuring our children are receiving the best education possible, or making Boston a place where every person, no matter who they love or where they come from know they have a home here in this city. I would want no other person leading the charge in Boston. Despite all the progress made, there's more work to be done. But they will continue to fight for what is right and that is why they have my support.
In a statement, Walsh said they were honored to have Warren's support. The two prominent Democrats have worked together in the past on a number of issues, including housing, education, and health care, and have appeared together at several anti-Donald Trump rallies.
Advertisement
Given Warren's standing as one of the nation's most prominent liberal elected officials, their endorsement of Walsh is seen as a significant, if unsurprising, blow for Jackson, who is challenging the incumbent mayor from the progressive left.
Walsh has maintained a roughly 30 percentage point lead over Jackson in polls, as well as last month's preliminary election.
(CNN) — When Kate Townsend took their kids for their back-to-school health checkups last month, they got a surprise.
The Western Springs, Illinois, mother of three wanted to make sure their vaccinations were up-to-date. The pediatrician did talk about shots, but also mentioned their daughter's body mass index.
"She said to my daughter, 'you are in this percentile, which is in total normal range,' but they made it sound like one more number, and that is too big," Townsend said.
The family was surprised. The girl is an active volleyball player, Townsend said, who grew 2½ inches this year. "My daughter's in great shape. And they were sensitive about this news. I tried to reassure them 'that is just a number' and to move on."
Townsend was right, many experts say, because a growing body of research shows that body mass index, or BMI, may not be the best measure for a growing girl -- or for adults.
An increasing number of scientists are calling BS on BMI.
A tool with a different purpose
BMI is an easy and straightforward tool used to screen for obesity and to gauge whether you should worry about your weight. Divide your weight (in pounds) by your height (in inches) squared, and multiply that number by 703. If the resulting number is 30 or higher, by American standards, you are considered obese. You're overweight if your BMI is between 25 and 29.9. If you're under 18.5, you are underweight. The "normal" range is 18.5 to 24.9.
BMI was invented in the 1800s for use in population studies. In 1972 , a key study that tested for the best formula to measure body fat percentage in more than 7,400 people found that the BMI formula best measured body-fat percentage as compared to merely calculating weight and height. It was this study that gave BMI its official name -- and It's what popularized its use in research. But that study also warned against using BMI to calculate an individual's levels of fat.
"BMI really was a measurement created for epidemiology to give data that was relative and could be used in research," said Dr. Francisco Lopez-Jimenez , an obesity expert at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota. Up until the 1980s, they said, doctors and scientists had been using a variety of measures to track whether a person had gained so much weight that it could hurt their health. The variety in measurement made it hard to chart trends. And as doctors were noticing that people were getting bigger, they wanted to understand how big a problem it was.
A handful of national and international government agencies then started to recommend that doctors use BMI, as it would be a uniform standard and was seen as more accurate than the insurance company height/weight charts the doctors had been using.
In 1985, the US National Institutes of Health recommended BMI to measure obesity. In 1997, the World Health Organization jumped on the bandwagon. The US Preventive Services Task Force, which sets guidelines for American medical professionals, still includes it as a measure in its recommendations.
Yet while the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention calls BMI "a reasonable indicator of body fat," the agency does not recommend that doctors -- or anyone else, for that matter -- use it as a diagnostic tool.
"Over time, BMI has gained a clinical use, but that was not the original intention behind its creation," Mayo Clinic's Lopez-Jimenez said. "That's because it does have real limitations."
Why do they use it?
BMI is a free and easy way to get a gauge on obesity for research, but as doctors started using it for individuals, they noticed that it doesn't tell the whole story.
"Some people who are labeled overweight by BMI have a broader frame or more muscle," said Courtney Peterson , an assistant professor in the University of Alabama at Birmingham's Department of Nutrition Sciences.
Peterson said that the most exact ways to measure obesity can be expensive, so BMI became the "next best thing we use" for adults. But, it's important to think of it as only one of several screening tools that "helps show at a quick glance that this person's health may be hurt by their weight, so it is an important thing to measure." More measurements would be needed to tell the whole story, Peterson noted.
That's because BMI doesn't distinguish between fat and muscle, which could be a real problem for someone who is athletic. The average football player, for instance, has a BMI of 31.35 , considered obese by these standards. Yet many of these world-class athletes are solid muscle, and the average player probably does not have a level of fat that will threaten their health.
a study in the journal BMI can also underestimate the threat for people who are "skinny fat," as some doctors call those who tend to be fit, but have big bellies. Studies show that this belly fat can be more dangerous for health than any other kind, anda study in the journal Frontiers in Public Health found that using BMI as the lone measure missed 50% of cases of people who had what was determined to be dangerous fat that could hurt their health.
Paul Laursen, co-author of that study, prefers the term "overfat" to "overweight," because it really is the fat, rather than the weight , that hurts your health, they said.
"We shouldn't be as much worried about weight," said Laursen, an adjunct professor and performance physiologist at the Sports Performance Research Institute in New Zealand. For example, you could have gone on a fad diet and lost three pounds, but that doesn't necessarily make you healthier. Those three pounds could merely have been water weight.
"What we should really be worried about is the fat part and where your fat is concentrated," Laursen said. BMI misses that level of detail.
Growing children can also be shortchanged. Peterson's latest study found that BMI was off 19% of the time in children. The BMI measurements used for children are weighted for age, but when boys go through puberty, they add muscle at a rapid rate; girls add fat. BMI tends to miss these nuances.
BMI can also miss subtle racial differences. Peterson explains that African-Americans tend to have more muscle than fat, compared with Caucasians. Doctors in some countries have had to adjust their BMI ratios because studies have shown that Asians are at a greater risk for heart disease at much lower BMI than non-Asians.
What should doctors use?
One of the most exact ways to measure obesity is an X-ray, which can distinguish between fat and other innards. But that is expensive, and regular radiation exposure is not advised, so hospitals and doctors are trying a variety of methods and tools.
Some hospitals use a highly accurate machine for a bioelectrical impedance analysis , which runs an electric current through body tissue to determine fat composition. The Mayo Clinic's Lopez-Jimenez uses a Bod Pod, which takes measurements based on body volume. They recommend against the scales or handheld devices available on the consumer market, as they are not precise.
Where kids are concerned, if you can't get a bioelectrical impedance analysis, Peterson suggests a measurement called TMI , or tri-ponderal body mass index. The calculation is weight divided by height cubed. Them study showed that this was a much better measure of obesity for kids between 8 and 17, particularly boys. TMI misclassified obesity only 8% of the time (versus more than 19% with BMI).
For adults, Laursen suggests getting out a tape measure. Measure your circumference at your belly button. If your waist circumference is half your height or less, you are at a healthy fat level, if you are over that number, your fat could put you at risk for ill health.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter
If you want something even simpler, look at your hip to waist ratio . It's something even a doctor could eyeball quickly. "If the waist is bigger than the hips, it tells me that the risk carried with that weight is much higher for that person for premature death," Lopez-Jimenez said.
The Harley-Davidson XA (Experimental Army) was a flat-twin, shaft drive motorcycle made by Harley-Davidson for the US Army during World War II.[4]
Development and production [ edit ]
Harley-Davidson XA engine
During WWII, the U.S. Army asked Harley-Davidson to design a specification of a motorcycle much like the BMWs used by German forces, with shaft drive, a boxer engine, and several other features that made the BMWs exceptionally reliable and low-maintenance machines. Harley was already producing the WLA, based on its traditional 45-degree V-twin but the army specifically wanted the one feature that the WLA didn't have: shaft drive. So the company produced the XA, whose engine and drivetrain were based on the flathead BMW R71 (1938-1941) [3][5] versus the overhead valve (OHV) BMW R75 (1941-1946). 1000 XAs were produced for evaluation.[2][3] By the time production had begun, it was clear that the Jeep was the Army's general purpose vehicle of choice.[4] No more XAs were ordered after the initial order of 1000.[3] The less advanced but cheaper WLA was considered sufficient for its limited roles.[1]
In 1943, the XA's leading link fork[1][2] was replaced with Harley-Davidson's first telescopic fork.[4]
Similar motorcycles in other countries [ edit ]
From 1942, the BMW R71 would serve as the basis for the IMZ-Ural and KMZ-Dnepr M72 (U.S.S.R./Russia), and from 1956 the Chang Jiang CJ750 (China) which likewise pressed it into military service though parts should not be considered interchangeable across marques despite visual similarities.
Cooling [ edit ]
Harley-Davidson XA opposed-twin engine runs 100 °F cooler than a V-twin
According to the American Motorcyclist Association's Motorcycle Hall of Fame Museum, regarding the World-War-II-vintage Harley-Davidson XA, which has an opposed twin engine — "Mechanically, the large cooling fins stuck straight out in the breeze, reportedly keeping the XA's oil temperature 100 F° (55.6 C°) cooler than a standard Harley 45."[4] The latter was a transversely mounted V-twin, in which the air stream cannot reach the cylinders, especially the rear cylinder, as efficiently as on longitudinally mounted flat twin. (The use of "transverse" and "longitudinal" here is following automobile/car convention based on crankshaft alignment. However, with motorcycles the convention is based on width - hence cylinder orientation. Therefore, a flat or v-twin with left and right cylinders is transverse but with front and rear cylinders it is longitudinal.)
Related projects [ edit ]
Though the XA motorcycle was "dead" as far as the military was concerned for full-blown production, both the side-valve and overhead-valve versions of the XA engine were explored according to Jerry Hatfield in their book "Inside Harley-Davidson" 1990 published by Motorbooks International. A 45 cu in (740 cc) overhead-valve version XA motor was sent to Detroit Wax Paper for testing as a generator set. OHV XA motors of 49 cu in (800 cc), with transmissions, were sent to Willys-Overland for testing as well as two blower-cooled XA motors for generators to be tested on tanks in 1943. There was even a Servi-Car prototype made called "The Model K" using the XA engine instead of the G motor planned for the 1946 model year.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
SNL G585
tech2 News Staff
SanDisk has announced a range of products catering to extending the storage capacity for the mobile user. The main products announced were the SanDisk 200GB microSD card, the iXpand Flash Drive, SanDisk Ultra Dual USB Drive 3.0 and the Dual Flash Drive with the USB Type C connector. Some of these products have already been launched abroad. Let us look at each product more closely.
SanDisk Ultra 200GB microSDXC card
This was unveiled at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona earlier this year. It is the highest capacity microSD card to be used on mobile devices. The card can hold up to 20 hours of full HD videos and still images to the tune of hundreds of thousands. SanDisk claims that the card is capable of transferring around 1200 images per minute with each photo having an average image size of around 3.5MB. It claims to give a data transfer speed of 90MB/s. It is water proof, temperature proof, shockproof, magnet proof and X-ray proof as well.
According to SanDisk representatives, this card is targetted at smartphone users who want to carry around their data with them all the time. With 4K video recording available on high-end smartphones, SanDisk believes there is a market for such a high capacity mobile card. The 200GB microSD card comes with a 10 year warranty and will be priced at $399 or approx Rs 25,000.
iXpand Flash Drive
The iXpand Flash Drive is an expandable storage option for the your Apple devices. With the iXpand Flash Drive, which works as a dual flash drive, you can transfer content between your phone and your system quickly. With the iXpand drive, you will bypass the need to use iTunes for transferring content. There are three variants which will be sold in the market based on capacity. The 16GB, 32GB, 64GB and 128GB capacity iXpand flash drives will cost Rs 4,490, Rs 5,990, Rs 7,990 and Rs 11,490 respectively.
According to SanDisk, the iXpand flash drive gives users a quick way to transfer photos and videos from iPhones and iPads (with lightning connectors only) to their Macs or PCs. It comes with an iXpand sync app which basically helps in managing data between the iXpand drive and your iDevice. You can play back movie files across formats, you can encrypt files using the app's encryption feature, open documents on your iOS devices and so on. The iXpand drive houses an in-built battery, which SanDisk claims will not drain your iOS device's battery when transferring content. The camera sync feature on the iXpand sync app lets you transfer new photos to the iXpand drive when you connect it.
SanDisk Dual Flash drive with USB Type-C connector
USB Type-C connector is the next generation of the USB standard which will be seen in upcoming devices. It supports the USB 3.1 specification which has a theoretical data transfer speeds of 10Gbps, which is double the bandwidth of the USB 3.0 standard. The USB Type C connector is a reversible type of connector. SanDisk has launched a dual flash drive with a USB 3.0 connector on one side and a USB Type C connector on the other side to help transfer content between USB Type C devices and PCs or Macs. It will be available in the 32GB capacity and will launch in the second quarter. The price for this drive has not been released yet.
SanDisk Ultra Dual USB Drive 3.0
SanDisk has also added the USB 3.0 connector to its regular OTG drives for transferring content to/from your mobile devices to your computer. The Ultra Dual USB 3.0 has the USB 3.0 connector on one side and the microUSB connector on the other side. The retractable design helps with easy usability and SanDisk has purposely employed a longer microUSB connector to allow users to use the dual drive even with the phone covers on. It promises a theoretical speed of 130 MB/s. The drive will be available on Flipkart in these capacities: 16GB for Rs 1,099; 32GB for Rs 1,749 and 64GB for Rs 3,049.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Google has been ordered to block its search engine in France from providing links to images of an orgy involving Max Mosley, the former Formula One chief, in a ruling handed down by a Paris court.
The owner of the world's most-used internet search engine said the ruling would force it to create a “censorship machine”, warning that it would set a dangerous legal precedent for internet freedom.
It contends that the search engine is merely a platform that delivers links to content and it should not be responsible for policing them.
The ruling, which could influence broader European efforts to tighten web privacy rules, relates to nine widely circulated images taken from a video of the orgy that was filmed by the now defunct News of the World.
Mr Mosley had sued in an effort to get Google in France to filter the images automatically and delete any links to them.
Paris's Tribunal de Grande Instance court ruled in their favour and said Google must find a way to remove links to the images. It gave the company two months to comply with the decision, which will then be binding for five years, and ordered it to pay Mr Mosley €1 (84p) in damages and €5,000 in other legal fees.
The internet giant called the ruling “troubling” and said it would require building a new software filter to catch new versions of the posted images continuously and remove them.
“This decision should worry those who champion the cause of freedom of expression on the internet,” said Daphne Keller, Google's associate general counsel. “Even though we already provide a fast and effective way of removing unlawful material from our search index, the French court has instructed us to build what we believe amounts to a censorship machine,”
Google is appealing against the ruling.
Mr Mosley, who is the son of the late fascist leader Oswald Mosley, won a £60,000 breach-of-privacy award in a British court in 2008 from the News of the World for publishing the story on a Nazi-themed “orgy” along with a video.
A judge ruled there was no Nazi theme and the story was not in the public interest. Mr Mosley won a similar ruling in France in 2011 when a judge ordered News Corp. to pay €32,000 in fines and fees over the story.
Since then, the images have become widely available online. Google has said it is willing to remove individual images and links when requested and has done so hundreds of times.
“We have removed hundreds of pages for Mr Mosley, and stand ready to remove others they identify,” Miss Keller said when the court case opened in September. “But the law does not support Mr Mosley's demand for the construction of an unprecedented new internet censorship tool.”
Mr Mosley insisted that Google should go further and simply remove them automatically as it does for content such as child pornography.
“The case is not about censuring the content of the internet, it's about complying with the court decision that already ruled it was a breach of intimacy,” said Clara Zerbib, a lawyer for Mr Mosley.
Mr Mosley also filed suit against Google in Germany, seeking to force the company to use automatic filters that eliminate any thumbnail images of the sex video, as well as links in search results.
Now a foursome, the label has exercised its option for a third full-length album, Billboard has confirmed.
The group Fifth Harmony splintered over the Christmas holiday, announcing on Dec. 19 that founding member Camilla Cabello, 19, was leaving the group to pursue a solo career and that the four remaining girls -- Ally Brooke, 23, Normani Kordei, 20, Dinah Jane, 19, and Lauren Jauregui, 20 -- will continue on as a four-piece. Three days later, Epic Records and Syco exercised their option on the pop act, Billboard has confirmed, moving full-steam ahead with a third Fifth Harmony album to be released in 2017. Cabello, meanwhile, is expected to drop their first single -- after appearing alongside Shawn Mendes and Machine Gun Kelly on two Hot 100 top 20 hits -- in April or May.
After selling 7 million U.S. digital downloads and nearly half-a-million albums (according to Nielsen Music), scoring a top five Billboard Hot 100 hit ("Work from Home” in 2016) and racking 1.6 billion U.S. on-demand streams in a career launched on Fox's The X Factor in 2012, Fifth Harmony has reached the sort of career milestone that graduates of reality shows rarely see. “There's a stigma attached to a reality show that they have eclipsed,” says Joe Willis, longtime manager of American Idol winner Jordin Sparks. “That Fifth Harmony has been able to build their fan base, as One Direction did, was a masterstroke by Simon Cowell.”
And success provided the act the leverage to renegotiate what is typically an onerous contract -- signed by the girls as individuals before even stepping foot on the TV stage that would give them their Cowell-constructed shot -- with terms that dictate a length of seven years and assign them to specific companies and affiliates within the Sony Music system. (Syco Entertainment is a joint venture with Sony.)
“The standard contract is worse than a 360 nightmare,” explains Loeb & Loeb attorney Debra White, who negotiates similar deals for contestants of NBC's The Voice, adding that a company like the Cowell-founded Syco Entertainment "gets to be the record company, the publisher, the manager, they have a piece of touring and merchandise." Re-signing allows for a re-evaluation and offers an opportunity to diminish or eliminate terms that seem unfair to an artist who has had hits and brought the label revenue. According to a source, negotiations are ongoing, with the Fifth Harmony members having already reclaimed ownership of their trademark. Adds White: “If it were me, I would want a higher royalty rate; I would try to get all of the ancillaries uncrossed and limit the amount of product and length of the contract. I would also fight hard to increase the committed money for marketing and promotion, and creative approval.”
Representatives for Fifth Harmony would not comment beyond affirming that “Epic has in fact exercised their deal option with Fifth Harmony,” but a source in the camp says staying put is a win-win. (The group shared its first official photo as a quartet on Jan. 5, below.)
“They're in a position to have more creative involvement and really direct where they want their music to go,” the insider offers. “They're a huge name on the Epic roster so it makes sense to keep them there and work on another hit album. While, at the same time it benefits the girls to stay as well and really own the direction they're going in rather than litigate themselves out of a deal.”
Another label source says Epic Records chairperson Antonio "L.A." Reid “Doesn't ‘let go' of successful artists -- ever. They even have a hard time parting with the unsuccessful ones.”
As for Cowell, a rep assures that they have remained "committed as ever to the group they envisioned."
The girls' contentious division -- made all the more awkward with both Fifth Harmony and Cabello signed to the same label and working on music separately but at the same time -- shouldn't worry fans, either, says White. “It proves that Epic/Syco is really believing in the brand, and they don't give a shit if it's Fourth or Fifth Harmony. They're going to find amazing songs and make a go of it.”
A version of this article originally appeared in the Jan. 14 issue of Billboard.
An ominous e-mail message landed in the inboxes of a small group of U.S. Army employees last month, warning of a security breach in their federal retirement plans and urging them to log in and check their accounts.
The e-mail was a fake — a classic spear phishing expedition looking for unwitting victims willing to share their personal financial information.
But the perpetrator was not a criminal hacker. It was an Army combat commander, acting on their own authority to test whether anyone on their staff would fall for the trick. In the process of sussing out internal vulnerabilities, though, the commander sowed panic across the government: Employees forwarded the e-mail to thousands of friends and colleagues at the Defense Department, the FBI, Customs and Border Protection, the Labor Department and other agencies.
Even the Pentagon's Chief Information Office, which oversees computer networks across the military, was unaware of the phony e-mail.
The embarrassing play, a security awareness test of the sort that's become increasingly common practice at private companies and federal agencies, tested the limits of how far the government should go with quality control to protect against cyberthreats. Testing security by toying with federal employees' nest eggs? In hindsight, all agree that should be off-limits.
Account holders saw the words “Thrift Savings Plan Alert: Passcode Reset” in the e-mail's subject line, sent from the account services department at “tspgov[.]us.” Puzzled by the message and wondering whether it was legitimate, they shared it over and over and flooded the Thrift Savings Plan's call center with anxious queries. Information technology staffs scrambled to figure out whether it was real.
It was close to three weeks from when the e-mail was sent until it was traced to the Army command. Now, Defense officials say they will require more oversight of security tests that try to trip up employees.
At the Thrift Savings Plan, the small agency near Union Station that holds the 401(k)-style portfolios of most federal workers, officials are furious that their trusted brand was tampered with, no less by the government's largest employer.
“While I can see how that particular test served the interests of the Department of Defense,” executive director Greg Long said, “that's not my concern. Anything that causes our participants to question whether their account is safe and secure damages our interest.”
Federal agencies conduct routine cybersecurity training. But the constantly evolving and increasingly sophisticated attacks, particularly by foreign hackers, make them difficult to defend against. To reinforce this urgency, a growing number of agencies are sponsoring their own phishing attacks, experts said.
In some cases, if the employee takes the bait, the link or phony attachment delivers a short security message or even locks out the user. Agencies collect data on the success of the “attacks” and develop metrics about what techniques work with whom. Some private companies dock managers' pay if their employees repeatedly fall for the pranks.
“Every agency should be doing it,” said Jacob Olcott, a former counsel for the Senate Commerce committee who now works for Good Harbor Consulting, a cyber-risk-management company.
The upside to the Army-TSP episode: No one clicked on the fake site, which was shut down last week. No personal or account information was compromised, but federal employee unions are furious that their members, who watched their investments plummet in the financial crisis, were put in such a position.
“It's big old DOD and you've got little TSP,” said Matthew Biggs, legislative director of the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, which represents Defense workers. “The big government bullies are just pushing us around and using us as guinea pigs.”
J. David Cox Sr., president of the largest federal union, the American Federation of Government Employees, said in a statement, “We are strong advocates of cybersecurity, but DoD should be much more prudent in the future in deciding how they test federal employees.”
‘Bait' for personal data
Spear phishing e-mails are among the biggest weapons of choice for hackers trying to gain entry into computers inside and outside government. They use what Internet security experts call “bait,” usually a legitimate-looking e-mail, to get their victims to provide log-in or account information or visit a malicious site that will upload malware to the computer.
Fewer than 100 uniformed and civilians in the Army unit got the original e-mail, which directed them to a phony TSP Web site with the address hxxp://www[.]tspgov[.]us/, a variation on the real address, www.tsp.gov. Employees were asked to verify changes to their account. “Your security is important to us,” they were told. “If you are unaware of this change, please contact us immediately: ThriftLine — 1-TSP-YOU-FRST.”
The savings plan holds the portfolios of 4.6 million current and retired federal employees, who last year had nearly $400 billion in investments. Rumors that accounts were at risk grew so fast just before Presidents' Day that plan officials posted a warning on the TSP Web site telling account holders to beware of potential scams. The FBI did the same.
When Mary Burnham Curtis saw the fake e-mail pop up at their desk at the Fish and Wildlife Service in southwest Oregon, they thought something was wrong because they hadn't looked at their account in more than six months and needed to change their password. A two-time victim of credit-card theft, they were suspicious and deleted the message.
Still, they said, the Army was irresponsible.
“Why didn't the Army just go to the TSP and ask, is it okay for us to experiment like that?” said Curtis, a forensic scientist who investigates wildlife trafficking.
The call centers in Maryland and Virginia were getting calls for two weeks, but the staff had no answers for anxious employees. “What the heck are we supposed to say to them?” the telephone operators asked their bosses, spokesperson Kim Weaver recalled.
A break in the case came Feb. 24, when John Ramsey, the plan's low-key chief of information security, traced the e-mail to an Internet provider address and domain name registered to the Army. But there still was no clue to which unit of the sprawling service had sent it, or why. Ramsey, a retired Army reservist who managed IT security operations for the Army and the State Department, called their contacts there. They were stumped.
‘Well-intentioned exercise'
It was several more days before the Pentagon tracked down the source. Lt. Col. Damien Pickart, a Defense spokesperson, declined to release the commander's name or unit. They were not reprimanded for acting on their own, because the rules were vague.
The incident has embarrassed Defense officials, who have pledged to set up “DOD-wide guidelines for the conduct of phishing exercises,” Pickart said in a statement. They called the fake e-mail a “regular phishing exercise” to test the effectiveness of cybersecurity training in the Army.
“DoD respects the integrity of the TSP brand and has assured [officials] that no TSP user credentials were compromised or seen by DoD as a result of the exercise,” Pickart said.
A Defense official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to talk freely about the incident, called the test a “well-intentioned exercise” that should have been coordinated with the information security office and the savings plan, which should have had the option not to participate.
“This is people's nest eggs, their hard-earned savings,” the official said. “When you started hearing TSP of all things, the rumor mill ran rampant.”
Future phishing tests will be approved by the Chief Information Office, the official said. If a recognizable entity such as the savings plan is used, the organization will be asked whether it wants to participate. Long said they wouldn't.
This wasn't the first time a federal agency used the TSP's name recognition to test the vulnerability of employees to cyberattack. In 2009, the Justice Department sent an e-mail to Bureau of Prisons workers asking for personal information to claim reimbursement for value their portfolios had lost as stock market values were falling.
And in 2011, the plan confronted a real-life data breach when hackers got into a contractor's computer containing the Social Security numbers of 123,000 account holders. Plan administrators were unaware of the intrusion and had neglected a series of recommended security changes that they have since implemented.
The call center is still hearing from confused account holders about the Army's phony phishing expedition.
“Like Monty Python, it's not quite dead yet,” Weaver said.
The Defense Department still hasn't revealed to savings plan officials which unit sent the e-mail. They've asked for the name in writing, to share with account holders, Weaver said.
“We want a record to put in the file,” they said, “so when this happens again three to five years from now, people won't worry so much.”
Individual news stories are posted in the Alaska News category and you can subscribe to APRN's news feeds via email, podcast and RSS.
Download Audio (MP3)
Air Traffic Controller Talks About Korean Airliner Incident on 9-11
Lori Townsend, APRN – Anchorage
A decade after the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, APRN has uncovered new information regarding the events that caused a Korean 747 en route to New York and scheduled to stop in Anchorage for fuel, to be diverted from Anchorage to Whitehorse Canada. NORAD – the North American Aerospace Defense Command, which is a joint Alaskan/Canadian military partnership had control of the airways and had requested that Canada allow international flights to be diverted to their airports. As in so many things that day, there was confusion, anxiety and some fear that the Korean jet may have hijackers on board. The plane began squawking 7500 – a code meaning it had been hijacked. The military says it was a miscommunication between the pilot and air traffic control. But the air traffic controller who dealt with the plane as it approached Anchorage says it was a direct command to the pilot. Retired Air Traffic controller Rick Wilder says they are still haunted by the incident because so many lives were at stake. They say when they first received the order to tell the pilot to squawk 7500 they refused.
Grounded Vessel Refloated And All Safe, No Damage
Matt Lichtenstein, KFSK – Petersburg
The Coast Guard says the crew of Northern Song has refloated the 84-foot charter vessel and there were no injuries, damage or pollution reported.
Coast Guard public affairs Charly Hengen says the Petersburg-based boat went aground early this morning on the southeast side of Baranof Island.
Hengen said the master contacted the Coast Guard early this morning. They reported the vessel was aground with seven passengers and four crew onboard. Hengen said a helicopter from Air Station Sitka and a cutter responded to the call as the Northern Song's crew took the passengers to shore.
The Northern Song is a steel-hulled yacht constructed in 1997 and owned by Dennis Rodgers and Alaska Sea Adventures of Petersburg.
The company had another grounding incident with a previous vessel, the 60-foot Alaska Adventurer, in Late January, 2010 near Holkum bay South of Juneau. That vessel was not carrying passengers at the time, but it was seriously damaged and the crew was rescued by the coast guard after abandoning ship.
Volunteers Hope to ID Most At Risk Homeless
Len Anderson, KSKA – Anchorage
Next week, volunteers will spread across Anchorage to survey and identify the most at-risk individuals of the city's chronic homeless. The ultimate objective is to place as many of these vulnerable individuals as possible into housing before winter.
Beringia Celebration Kicks Off in Nome
Ben Matheson, KNOM – Nome
Beringia Days began today in Nome. The conference and celebration brings together American and Russian scientists, government leaders and local residents.
ANSCA at 40 Panel Meeting at UAA
Lori Townsend, APRN – Anchorage
A panel discussion at the University of Alaska Anchorage Friday night will be the culmination of a series of talks that were organized by the ANCSA at 40 committees. The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act is approaching four decades in existence and tonight's panel will feature Congressman Don Young, former Arctic Slope Regional Corporation official Oliver Leavett and Chugach Alaska leader Sherry Buretta. Nellie Moore is moderating the discussion. They say the goal is to create a historical record.
Moore says the panels have examined what was happening in the lead up to the passage of ANCSA and to document the challenges and successes the Native corporations have had through the years so future Alaska Native leaders have the facts.
The programs will be made available through cable channel 360 North and online in November as part of Native American Awareness month. They will also be archived at UAA. A large event is being planned for the actual 40th anniversary of ANCSA on December 18th.
AK: Despite Recent Troubles, Daycare Remains Strong
Matt Lichtenstein, KFSK – Petersburg
It can be hard to find child care in small town Alaska. The Petersburg Children's Center is a lifeline for working families in the small southeast town. But the nonprofit facility has struggled financially recently after a former executive director stole thousands of dollars. Thanks to an outpouring of community support, the daycare has remained open. KFSK's Matt Lichtenstein recently toured the Children's Center to find the pre-school kids and their caretakers fully engaged in the business of learning…and play.
300 Villages: Wales and Metlakatla
And now it's time for our weekly trip around the state in the segment we call 300 villages. First we'll head to the Northwest community of Wales, on the Bering Strait, and then to Metlakatla, south of Ketchikan.
That was Frank Crisci in Wales and Arthur Fawcett in Metlakatla.
I have a tough time following your line of reasoning.
You start out arguing that, as in Argentina, budget cuts have led to an untenable situation in Greece, but then you go on to say that Greece's “soaring deficits … were symptoms of serious pathologies”. That seems contradictory – you argue in favour and against the elimination of budget deficits at the same time.
Then you suggest that, as in the case of Argentina, Greece's debt is unsustainable. In Argentina, cash interest payments on government debt stood at 5.4% of GDP before the devaluation and at 10.4% of GDP post devaluation – so it was clear they had to default. In the case of Greece, cash interest payments on government debt currently stand at less than 2% of GDP – in fact at less than 1% of GDP if the reimbursement of interest payments to the ECB are taking into account. Furthermore, most of Greece's debt has very long maturities, and these low interest rates have been locked in for the decades to come. There are only two countries in Europe that pay less on their government debt than Greece: Luxembourg and Estonia. This makes it really difficult for me to make sense of your case for a sovereign default of Greece.
Finally, portraying Argentina as a model for anything (except for music, food, literature and cinema) strikes me as silly. The country is in a total mess, in good part due to the blatant disregard for property rights and the rule of law. This is in part due to the way the 2001 default was handled, and the excessive haircut that was imposed on creditors. Should Greece really follow Argentina's path? Wouldn't Uruguay be a better model? Or Brazil? Or even Bolivia?
Greece is already running a primary surplus (which Argentina never achieved before the devaluation) and the country is at the verge of economic recovery. The new government has a funding gap of around € 25 billion and European partners stand ready to provide this funding if Greece agrees on a macroeconomic adjustment that addresses exactly the issues you raised, namely “a dysfunctional public sector, an uncompetitive private sector, and an elite that abdicated its responsibilities and, rather than facing the challenges of the day, used the state as a means to supply jobs to political loyalists.” If this needs to be done anyhow to overcome Greece's “fundamental problems”, why not accept it as a condition for concessional financing at low rates and long tenors that can be used to pay down non-concessional funding (from IMF and ECB) at high rates and short tenors?
There are certainly cases were government defaults are necessary, but applying this insight blindly to Greece, without any regard for the numbers, appears to be very bad policy advice.
[Today is a guest post from ex-anxiety sufferer Ryan Rivera.]
If you suffer from anxiety, whether it stems from work, school, a friendship, a romantic relationship, your home life, or post-traumatic stress, it is important for you to have a safe place to retreat to where you can privately examine your thoughts and feelings without feeling overwhelmed or pressured. This is why many people choose to keep a private journal.
Keeping a journal is an easy, stress-free way to privately express yourself. It can be as simple as writing down a description of what you do each day: you'll find yourself adding little details about how you felt and what you thought about the people and events you encounter, and pretty soon you will be able to write entries entirely made up of things you are thinking about. If you enjoy writing, keeping a journal is an inherently soothing experience.
Whatever your skill or interest level, you will find that journaling is a reliable way of decreasing your anxiety.
How to “Write Right” and Achieve Anti-Anxiety Effects
Putting pen to paper may not seem like it would be much help at first glance, but that simple action can have a multitude of benefits for anxiety-sufferers. Find out below how allowing yourself to literally “read your own thoughts” can relax you in the short term, while making you less susceptible to anxiety attacks in the long term.
Create A Familiar Space – Journal writing, when done regularly (for example, right before you go to sleep) becomes more than just a chore. Your journal is a space for you to say whatever you want and examine how you really feel without any judgment or pressure from the outside world (and can be carried with you almost anywhere you go). The anxious brain appreciates reliable routines and spaces where it can feel safe, and over time you will begin to find that just picking up the pen in your hand and opening your journal to a fresh page in and of itself has an instantly calming effect on your mind and body.
– Journal writing, when done regularly (for example, right before you go to sleep) becomes more than just a chore. Your journal is a space for you to say whatever you want and examine how you really feel without any judgment or pressure from the outside world (and can be carried with you almost anywhere you go). The anxious brain appreciates reliable routines and spaces where it can feel safe, and over time you will begin to find that just picking up the pen in your hand and opening your journal to a fresh page in and of itself has an instantly calming effect on your mind and body. Take Your Mind Off the Stressor – When you are anxious, sometimes what you need the most is a temporary escape. Journal writing can serve as an opportunity for meditation, not just on the event, person idea causing you stress but upon any subject you can possibly think of. When you need to calm your mind, writing in detail about what you see around you, or things that make you happy (such as baby animals, walks in the woods, your favorite holiday) can help you to stop obsessing and reach a more positive, functional mental state.
– When you are anxious, sometimes what you need the most is a temporary escape. Journal writing can serve as an opportunity for meditation, not just on the event, person idea causing you stress but upon any subject you can possibly think of. When you need to calm your mind, writing in detail about what you see around you, or things that make you happy (such as baby animals, walks in the woods, your favorite holiday) can help you to stop obsessing and reach a more positive, functional mental state. Get to Know Yourself – The added benefit of journaling is that it forces you to make time for yourself. In the midst of texting and running errands and getting to our jobs and various appointments on time, it's a rare moment when you are allowed to get in touch with yourself. Use this time to organize your thoughts. This allows you to find out, almost from an “outsider” perspective, what your thoughts/experiences “sound” like when written out, which can give you valuable insight into what parts of your mental process are less rational than you may have realized, and show you how you can behave more rationally next time.
– The added benefit of journaling is that it forces you to make time for yourself. In the midst of texting and running errands and getting to our jobs and various appointments on time, it's a rare moment when you are allowed to get in touch with yourself. Use this time to organize your thoughts. This allows you to find out, almost from an “outsider” perspective, what your thoughts/experiences “sound” like when written out, which can give you valuable insight into what parts of your mental process are less rational than you may have realized, and show you how you can behave more rationally next time. “Tell Yourself a Different Story” – To help prepare your mind to better handle anxiety in the future, try writing “stories” or brief narratives in which you encounter and overcome your fears. Describe the scenario as vividly as possible, writing down exactly how you will behave and what you will say. Another good way to “rewrite” bad mental habits is to list any negative thoughts or stresses you are having that day, and then write an accompanying list of positive, believable thoughts or “solutions.”
– To help prepare your mind to better handle anxiety in the future, try writing “stories” or brief narratives in which you encounter and overcome your fears. Describe the scenario as vividly as possible, writing down exactly how you will behave and what you will say. Another good way to “rewrite” bad mental habits is to list any negative thoughts or stresses you are having that day, and then write an accompanying list of positive, believable thoughts or “solutions.” Expose and Halt the Vicious Cycle of Anxious Thoughts – Writing while experiencing anxiety can help you examine your thought patterns when you reread the entry later, or even while you are writing it. Watching for thoughts that reoccur within the writing can reveal to you to the beliefs that trap you in that loop of anxiety, which you can then address directly (for example, by asking yourself “what belief would be more useful to me?”).
Whether you are dying to go out and find a beautiful and artfully designed journal that reflects who you are, want to save a few bucks on an ordinary one you can leave plain-looking or design any way you want, or find it easier to imagine keeping a journal online or in a text document, today is as good a day as any to start using journaling to stop anxiety from your affecting life.
About the Author: Ryan Rivera was someone that suffered from a great deal of anxiety in their life before finding relief from many home methods. Now they have a website about overcoming anxiety at www.calmclinic.com.
Last week 160 German economists, organized by Hans-Werner Sinn — call them Sinners — signed a manifesto opposing a European banking union. Today VoxEU has a counter-manifesto, signed by more than 100 economists in the German-speaking world, arguing in effect that the euro cannot survive without such a banking union:
The financial crisis has exposed a fatal flaw in the design of European monetary union which can be removed only by decisive policy action. Policymakers in Europe now have an opportunity to change the game. A central aspect of this problem is the conflation between debt of the private sector and that of European national governments.
In the course of the crisis, fiscal budgets are being tapped to refinance systemically relevant financial institutions. At the same time, financial institutions continue to play a central role in financing national governments, lending money to them and holding their debt. An unavoidable consequence is that bank failures have led to sovereign debt crises and sovereign debt crises have led to banking crises, leading to growing mistrust of both national banking systems and government finance. The situation is aggravated by the fact that international investors, driven by fear of total collapse, have withdrawn funding to struggling countries, both for governments and for banks. This has in turn led to a balkanisation of national financial markets and threatens not only the European monetary union but the European integration project as a whole.
Only by breaking the link between the refinancing of banks and the solvency of national governments will it be possible to stabilise the supply of credit in crisis countries.
Married Dr Kwame Somuah-Boateng (pictured leaving their hearing) will keep their job despite their affair with the MS sufferer
A senior NHS doctor who had an affair with a patient and promised that sex would be 'good' for their illness is to keep their job after blaming their indiscretions on 'professional burnout'.
Married Dr Kwame Somuah-Boateng, 43, told the woman, who suffered from multiple sclerosis, that intercourse with them would stimulate the muscles in their legs.
They subsequently had sex with them in their hospital sleeping quarters saying: 'Trust me I'm a doctor - it will help you to get your sensitivity back.'
During their illicit romance, Somuah-Boateng took their mistress who is in their 30s to a christening and vowed to marry them and have a son by them - even though they already had a wife and two daughters.
They claimed having sex would help them 'regain the feelings in their vagina' and would 'help their pelvic floor muscles because they were weak.'
They said it would help them 'to feel normal - feel like a woman.'
The six month fling ended when the woman - known as Patient A - discovered they might be pregnant only for them to warn them their wife would 'kill' the baby, it was said. When they thought they had miscarried they tried to have sex with them again.
They discovered what Dr Somuah-Boateng had told them about sex and their condition was false when they went for a subsequent medical appointment for their MS.
In a statement they said: 'He continuously badgered me for sex. They wanted to take me to hotels and they always insisted that having sex would get me back to normal. They told me to trust him, as they were a Doctor and knows everything about MS.
'He kept saying things like 'I'm going to do anything in my power to make you feel better'.'
At the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service, in Manchester, Somuah-Boateng was found guilty of misconduct but escaped with a 12 month suspension after they apologised for the affair.
Somuah-Boateng took their mistress who is in their 30s to a christening and vowed to marry them and have a son by them
They said they had since undergone counselling and had attended a course on maintaining Professional Boundaries.
The affair began in July 2012 after Patient A was admitted to the A&E department at Croydon University Hospital in South London when they complained of being unable to feel their legs or feet properly.
Somuah-Boateng, a urologist had escorted Patient to a colleague for an MRI scan and when they were devastated to subsequently discover they had MS they began comforting and advising them about their condition.
They later obtained their address from medical records and invited them to a Christening. They told the hearing: ' In the car on the way back they told me that I had nice legs and asked me to pull my dress up so they could see more of them and I said no.
'He tried to kiss me and put their hand between my legs but I said no. They were calling me every day. I didn't recognise myself as being in any danger. They came over and asked me how I was and they were massaging my feet and my legs telling me I needed to stimulate them.
'He said that having sex would help my MS in terms of getting feeling back so it was the right thing to do. I just wanted to feel normal again, like all other women.
'I was on my own and angry, confused and scared with no friends of family who understood the condition and no one to talk to.
'The first time I had sex with Kwame they said to me: 'trust me I'm a doctor - it will help you to get your sensitivity back.' They were giving me the support I needed and my emotions were up and down. I wanted to have sex with them because I thought it helped. We had sex twice in the on call doctors sleeping quarters at the hospital.
'If I had known that what was happening to me was something dreadful, that something dreadful had happened to me I would have had the police at my door. They told me sex was good for my condition numerous times.
Boateng said they had since undergone counselling and had attended a course on maintaining Professional Boundaries
'Initially I thought that it was going to help me get my feelings back, I just wanted to be normal again. They were telling me they were going to help me, I thought they were the only one who could help me, the only one I could talk to about the condition because they were telling me they understood it.
'At the time I thought the relationship was normal. They made me feel safe and they made me think that I couldn't speak to family or friends about my condition and told me not to look thinks up on the internet.
'I thought: 'wow isn't it great to have your own personal doctor looking after you'. Now I feel like I was groomed into a relationship with this man.' I felt dependent on him. They began to tell me: 'I love you, I want to marry you, I want to have children with you.'
Somuah-Boateng of Mitcham, Surrey, admitted an affair but denied telling Patient A that sex was 'good for her.' In 2015 at Croydon Crown Court they stood trial for attempted rape and assault by penetration but was cleared by a jury.
In a statement they said: 'There is not even a single text or message from me to them saying that their MS will improve by them having any sexual relationship with me. I completely and utterly deny that I ever said that.
'It doesn't therefore make sense that I would 'prescribe' their sex as therapy for their MS. I never also said things like 'Trust me I am your doctor'.
'She was the one always asking me to come over, always wanting sex and always wanting to go out for a drink, meal or something.'
They claimed at the time they were 'very difficult circumstances in their personal life' and was in a 'period of professional burnout. They claimed they had addressed those issues through counselling, mediation, mindful thinking and 'taking exercise.'
MPTS panel chairperson Dr Nigel Westwood told him: 'There is no prior or subsequent history of inappropriate relationships with patients and there is nothing to indicate that clinically you are anything other than a competent doctor.
'You have demonstrated a willingness and capacity to learn from your past wrongdoing and you have developed a degree of insight, albeit incomplete and late in coming.
'Your misconduct, although serious, is not fundamentally incompatible with continued registration as a doctor and that the public interest can be addressed by a period of suspension of adequate length.'
Israel says four Palestinians shot dead after separate stabbing attempts in Jerusalem and West Bank
Updated
Four Palestinians have been shot dead and a fifth wounded in what Israel says were thwarted knife attacks, but a Palestinian witness of one incident says was a result of Jewish settler violence, as tensions run high after more than two weeks of unrest.
Key points: Four Palestinian teens shot dead allegedly trying to stab Israelis in West Bank and Jerusalem
Incidents bring October death toll to 40 Palestinians and seven Israelis
US calls on Israeli, Palestinian leaders to restore calm
At least 41 Palestinians and seven Israelis have died in the violence, which was in part triggered by Palestinians' anger over what they see as increased Jewish encroachment on Jerusalem's Al Aqsa mosque compound.
Three of Saturday's attacks took place in the flashpoint West Bank city of Hebron, where some 500 Jewish settlers live in a heavily guarded enclave in the city centre surrounded by nearly 200,000 Palestinians.
A fourth was at a checkpoint in a Jewish settlement neighbourhood of Israeli-annexed East Jerusalem, and a fifth at another checkpoint.
Israeli border police had stopped to question a 16-year-old Palestinian walking in "a suspicious manner" through a neighbourhood around East Jerusalem, a police spokesperson said.
The teenager drew a knife and tried to stab the officers, who shot them dead, the spokesperson said.
Police said the assailant was from nearby Jabel Mukaber, the same neighbourhood that was home to three Palestinians who carried out attacks earlier this week.
A second shooting occurred near a Jewish settlement in the West Bank city of Hebron.
The Israeli military said a Palestinian attempted to stab an Israeli civilian who was carrying a gun and then shot and killed the attacker.
Palestinian security sources identified the assailant as 18-year-old Fadel al-Kawatsmi.
A Palestinian high schooler, who witnessed the shooting, said it happened when Jewish settlers attacked an unarmed Palestinian, according to the girl's father who spoke with Reuters.
Also in Hebron, a female Palestinian, 16, stabbed an Israeli border police officer, cutting their hand, a police spokesperson said. The police officer managed to shoot the attacker, they said.
Another Palestinian was shot after stabbing and moderately wounding a soldier, the army reported, without saying whether the attacker was killed.
And a border guard killed a Palestinian who tried to knife them at the Qalandiya checkpoint between Jerusalem and the West Bank, police said.
Troops also opened fire at stone-throwing Palestinian youths in several sectors of Hebron, wounding 11 with rubber bullets and one with a live round, Palestinian medics said.
Meanwhile, in the Gaza Strip, army gunfire on the border wounded at least four civilians, according to the enclave's health minister Ashraf al-Qudra.
Israeli security forces have deployed massively in Jerusalem to try to halt the attacks and, on Wednesday, began setting up checkpoints in parts of east Jerusalem, including Jabel Mukaber.
Late on Saturday, some 2,000 pro-peace demonstrators answered a call by Israeli leftist groups and gathered in the centre of Jerusalem under the banner "Jews and Arabs refuse to be enemies", an AFP reporter said.
Protesters in London and Paris have also taken to streets to voice their support for Palestinians.
Mounting death toll prompts fears of new intifada
The violence began on October 1, when a suspected cell of the Islamist movement Hamas murdered a Jewish settler couple in the West Bank in front of their children.
But subsequent attacks are believed to have been the work of individuals acting independently of any organising militant group making them extremely difficult to prevent.
The violence came after repeated clashes in September between Israeli forces and Palestinian youths at east Jerusalem's flashpoint Al Aqsa mosque compound.
The mosque compound is the third holiest site in Islam and the most sacred for Jews who call it Temple Mount.
On Friday, Israel rejected Palestinian calls for an international protection force to be deployed to quell the violence around Al Aqsa.
The mounting death toll has prompted fears of a new Palestinian intifada, or uprising, like those of 1987-93 and 2000-05, when thousands were killed in near-daily violence.
Peace talks collapsed in 2014 over Israeli settlement-building in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, areas Palestinians seek for a state, and after Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas angered Israel by reaching a unity deal with the Islamist group Hamas in Gaza.
The last major confrontation was the Gaza conflict between Israel and Hamas in 2014, which left large sections of Gaza destroyed. Around 2,100 Palestinians, most of them civilians, and 73 Israelis, almost all soldiers, were killed.
US tries to restore calm
The United States, which tried but failed last year to broker peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians, urged leaders on both sides to help rein in the unrest.
"We are very concerned about the outbreak of violence," US president Barack Obama said in Washington on Friday.
"It's important for both [Israeli] prime minister [Benjamin] Netanyahu... and [Palestinian] president [Mahmud] Abbas and other people in positions of power, to try to tamp down rhetoric that may feed violence or anger or misunderstanding," they said.
US secretary of state John Kerry, who could travel to the region soon, has spoken separately to Mr Abbas and Mr Netanyahu to ask them to restore calm.
Mr Abbas has been under pressure over recent comments that some have labelled incitement and has called for peaceful protests without explicitly condemning the violence.
The violence began on October 1, when a suspected cell of the Islamist movement Hamas murdered a Jewish settler couple in the West Bank in front of their children.
But subsequent attacks are believed to have been "lone wolf" operations.
AFP/Reuters
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, world-politics, israel, palestinian-territory-occupied
First posted
USA Ultimate Board of Directors Votes on Timing of 2017 TCT
Recent Survey Data Analyzed and Considered along with Previous Research and Dialogue
Colorado Springs, Colo. (Feb. 25, 2016)—The USA Ultimate board of directors conducted its annual winter board meeting last weekend in Colorado Springs.
On the agenda was a presentation of data collected from a recent survey USA Ultimate distributed to more than 15,000 club division athletes, team managers, event organizers and coaches. The survey, created by USA Ultimate's club division working group, was specifically designed to gather information and better understand the potential impact of shifting the Triple Crown Tour earlier by approximately five weeks, as well as learn more about the overall preferences of the ultimate community with regards to the scheduling of the club season. Feedback from this survey was considered, along with previous dialogue and research (including database analysis of various participation trends, dynamics of coach/player conflicts and discussion with local disc associations and affiliates) conducted by key volunteers, staff and board members, to help inform a decision.
Since USA Ultimate introduced the Triple Crown Tour in 2012, it has considered shifting the season so that the National Championships occurred no later than Labor Day weekend. This consideration has been ongoing and evaluated on an annual basis by USA Ultimate staff, volunteer working groups and members of the board. It has also been discussed publicly on several occasions, along with implementing small, incremental adjustments to the traditional schedule over the last three years.
The primary reason for considering such a change is to better achieve the most important goal in the organization's strategic plan – to increase the visibility of ultimate. Although USA Ultimate has made significant progress towards this goal, the current timing of the National Championships puts the sport at a disadvantage from a visibility and awareness perspective.
The top supporting strategy of USA Ultimate's visibility goal is to partner with media to broadcast its premier events to a mass audience. Currently, the fall is oversaturated with sports programming – a reality that brings with it two significant challenges. First, networks are generally not interested in adding ultimate to their sports programming after Labor Day. Secondly, with so much sports content available to casual sports fans in the fall, ultimate would have to compete for viewership against many well-established and higher-profile sports.
According to leaders in the television and broadcast industry, holding the National Championships in the summer would significantly increase the likelihood of securing a broadcast agreement with a network to place the sport's premier event on a more visible platform.
The goal of increased visibility for the sport remains an important one for a variety of reasons. It plays a significant role in introducing ultimate to new participants and fans, especially children and their parents, as well as youth-serving social and sports organizations, schools, educators and administrators. A higher degree of visibility also enhances the legitimacy of ultimate, corrects many stereotypes and misconceptions and illustrates the unique elements that differentiate ultimate from virtually every other sport. It also improves the sport's commercial viability by increasing sponsorship opportunities and the potential for corporate partnerships which are increasingly important to keep the costs of participation and barriers of entry extremely low relative to other sports.
The last few years serve as a good example of the progress that has been made and how many of these things are interconnected. Introducing the U.S. Open in 2012 helped to create the Triple Crown Tour, which led to a broadcast agreement with ESPN. Our partnership with ESPN was a significant factor in the formal and permanent recognition of USA Ultimate and WFDF by the USOC and IOC, respectively. From there, strategic partnerships with the Women's Sports Foundation, the Boy Scouts of America, Catholic Youth Organizations and Jewish Community Centers were a direct result of USA Ultimate's membership in the USOC. These relationships have already provided the opportunity to introduce and teach ultimate to literally thousands of kids across the country.
Ultimately, increased visibility plays a crucial role in USA Ultimate's mission of advancing the sport by introducing new athletes, parents, fans, coaches and supporters to an amazing sport that makes the world a better place.
Spirit of the Game and the concept of self-officiating remain central to the mission of USA Ultimate, and it is strongly believed by many in our community that those distinct characteristics make ultimate the best sport in the world and exemplify the most honorable and joyous sides of human nature. Spirit of the Game provides ultimate with a unique selling point to parents and kids, as well as potential sponsors and partners that share those same values. Having ultimate on a highly visible television platform with significant viewership provides the sport with an opportunity to effectively market and share Spirit of the Game and its virtues.
As ultimate continues to position itself as a future Olympic sport, the roles that media and sponsorship play are critical. As new sports and disciplines are considered for inclusion on the Olympic program, decision makers, including local organizing committees and the IOC, place a great deal of emphasis on a candidate sport's marketability. This includes the ability for television networks, which invest billions in the Olympic movement, to generate ratings, which directly affects how willing sponsors are to invest in the Games or the sport of ultimate in the future. It also includes the ability to ensure enough spectator demand to guarantee a sold-out stadium.
For a variety of compelling reasons, including those mentioned above, the ultimate community (both current members and alumni, athletes, coaches, team managers, event and league organizers, observers, parents, fans, volunteers, staff and board members) has expressed a desire for increased visibility. Often times, however, the need arises to delicately balance the individual preferences of these various constituents while staying true to the organization's overall mission, vision and strategic plan.
Anticipating that shifting the season would undoubtedly cause some concern and raise some questions, USA Ultimate wanted to clearly understand the potential ramifications, drawbacks, benefits and challenges such a change might bring. We also wanted to learn more about the preferences of club division players and stakeholders.
Coming out of our annual competition working group meeting in early December, USA Ultimate announced publicly later that month that it would consider shifting the season beginning in 2017. The club working group, which is comprised of six player-elected athlete representatives, three national-level volunteers and two USA Ultimate staff members, decided to survey the membership as part of its information-gathering and recommendation-making process. Those who would have been most affected were sent a survey that asked a variety of questions pertaining to shifting the season.
Specifically designed not to lead, bias or otherwise influence the respondents, the survey included several open-ended questions. There were approximately 1,800 responses to the survey. The responses, which included thousands of individual comments, were thoroughly and carefully analyzed and yielded an enormous amount of valuable data. This feedback from a variety of perspectives helped inform the working group's recommendation. The results helped to confirm and add clarity to many of the concerns USA Ultimate had prior to issuing the survey and also brought to light new issues that had not been previously considered.
Overall, it was determined that the respondents generally opposed shifting the season significantly for several main reasons, including:
Potential conflict and overlap with the youth, college and club seasons for both athletes and coaches.
The negative effect that cold, or otherwise inclement weather, could have on teams in northern climates as they prepare for the season (tryouts, practices, etc.).
The possibility of unfavorable playing conditions in extreme heat and humidity that may accompany a postseason series of events in July or August, particularly in certain southern climates.
Conflict with the growing number of international and established local tournaments.
General member preference.
Following the collection and analysis of this data and ensuing discussion, the competition working group was concerned that such a shift in timing could have unintended negative impacts on growth which are potentially larger than the positive benefits gained as a result of increased exposure. The working group recommended to the board of directors not to shift the timing of the Triple Crown Tour, including the National Championships, in 2017. At their meeting last weekend, the board voted to accept the working group's recommendation.
"The competition working group did incredible work in thoughtfully developing its recommendation," said DeAnna Ball, president of the USA Ultimate board of directors. "While we continually work towards all of the goals in the strategic plan, decisions that need to be made are often complicated and require extensive deep dives into both the positive and negative impacts of those decisions. This decision is a great example of how we as an organization, along with the rest of the ultimate community, continue to review things thoroughly and thoughtfully as progress is made in achieving long-term strategic goals."
The board of directors and USA Ultimate continue to place a great deal of emphasis on its strategic plan, which values visibility for the sport of ultimate as its number-one goal. The board reiterated that commitment and continues to empower USA Ultimate staff to pursue a broadcast agreement that helps achieve this goal. The board also tasked the competition working group with exploring alternate options (other than a complete shift of the season for the entire club community) that would accomplish the goals of the strategic plan.
"It continues to be a pleasure to work with our thoughtful and strategically thinking board, key volunteers and engaged members of our community," said Dr. Tom Crawford, USA Ultimate chief executive officer. "We will continue to be faced with lots of tradeoffs and complicated decisions like this as we grow, and having a great board and staff to help guide our decisions with our mission and vision front and center will help us continue to thrive in the competitive U.S. sports landscape."
The timing of the Triple Crown Tour and the National Championships continues to be a complex issue with many implications. USA Ultimate would like to sincerely thank everyone who took the time to respond to the survey and provide thoughtful comments, suggestions and insight, as well as the volunteer members of the working group for contributing their time, talent and input. Because USA Ultimate continues to value the feedback of its members and the ultimate community of which it is a part, it will continue to seek additional input as future changes are considered.
###
ABOUT USA ULTIMATE
USA Ultimate is the national governing body for the sport of ultimate (Frisbee) in the United States and proud member of the United States Olympic Committee (USOC).
Headquartered in Colorado Springs, Colo., USA Ultimate is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization and is the largest flying disc organization in the world with more than 53,000 members, including athletes, coaches and observers.
Governed by a core principle called Spirit of the Game, ultimate remains proud of its historical and continuing practice of being a self-officiated sport – even at the highest levels of competition – which places a unique emphasis on sportsmanship, respect for one's opponent, conflict resolution, self-confidence, communication and integrity.
USA Ultimate currently administers the full spectrum of ultimate in the United States and owns and operates 11 major championship events across all ages and abilities, including youth, high school, college, elite and masters divisions, as well as the Triple Crown Tour – ultimate's premier elite competitive league for men's, women's and mixed gender divisions. USA Ultimate is a member of the IOC-recognized World Flying Disc Federation and also selects, trains and supports U.S. National Teams for international events.
Recently cited as one of the fastest-growing team sports in America by the Sports and Fitness Industry Association (SFIA) with more than 7 million players worldwide, ultimate was invented in 1968 by students at Columbia High School in Maplewood, N.J.
For more information, contact USA Ultimate Director of Marketing & Communications, Andy Lee at 719-219-8323 or andy@hq.usaultimate.org.
Have any questions or comments? We welcome community feedback and discussion made in a respectful manner. Please refrain from profanity or personal attacks, as such public comments negatively reflect on our sport and community.
Wild Ones' debut album was no easy feat. The band struggled through financial and physical issues while putting everything it had into Keep It Safe. The A.V. Club has the exclusive premiere of the video for the single "It's Real." In it, lead singer Danielle Sullivan's initially stoic presence slowly melts into a reflection of the dramatic tension, emotions, and sweatiness of a HEATed NBA playoff game, complete with some LeBron James action. The song itself swells and creates tension, cut by Sullivan's sweet voice.
Keep It Safe is out now on Party Damage Records, and Wild Ones will be playing a few west coast dates this October in addition to Musicfest NW in Portland next month. Those stops are all listed below.
Advertisement
Wild Ones - "It's Real" (Official Music Video) from Low on Vimeo.
Wild Ones tour 2013
Sept. 6—Portland, Oregon—Musicfest NW
Oct. 11—Las Vegas, Nevada—The Cosmopolitan
Oct. 12—Las Vegas, Nevada—The Cosmopolitan
Oct. 15—San Diego, California—The Loft UCSD #
Oct. 17—Los Angeles, California—The Satellite #
Oct. 19—Eugene, Oregon—Wow Hall #
Advertisement
# with Typhooon
Americans need to know where Harman's loyalties lie
[C]ontrary to reports that the Harman investigation was dropped for "lack of evidence," it was Alberto R. Gonzales, President Bush's top counsel and then attorney general, who intervened to stop the Harman probe.
Why? Because, according to three top former national security officials, Gonzales wanted Harman to be able to help defend the administration's warrantless wiretapping program, which was about break in The New York Times and engulf the White House.
As for there being "no evidence" to support the FBI probe, a source with firsthand knowledge of the wiretaps called that "bullshit."
"I read those transcripts," said the source, who like other former national security officials familiar with the transcript discussed it only on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of domestic NSA eavesdropping.
Don't be surprised. There are many reasons we've been opposing slimy Blue Dog Jane Harman since 2006. Jeff Stein at broke the story early this morning. If you haven't spent your day watching a gaggle of Fox propaganda agents talking about Obama's handshakes and fascism, you've probably heard about it. Harman "was overheard on an NSA wiretap telling a suspected Israeli agent that they would lobby the Justice Department reduce espionage-related charges against two officials of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee, the most powerful pro-Israel organization in Washington." The Bush Regime agreed to cover up the result of their eavesdropping in return for Harman's steadfast support of... illegal eavesdropping and other unconstitutional Bush Regime policies. Now the hackish Harman professes to be shocked thatwould be wiretapped. I guess they aren't paying attention to what they were helping Bush perpetrate on the American people. Why hasn't they resigned yet? TPM has put together a very detailed and revealing timeline of everything that happened in this scandal that could send Rep. Harman to prison. And the video of Stein onthis evening certainly makes it all crystal clear:And now we see why Pelosi refused to let Harman become chair of the House Intelligence Committee. Harman should retire from politics. I hope Marcy Winograd has kept in touch with my supporters.
Labels: AIPAC, Alberto Gonzales, Jane Harman
We are Turning 45 and we are having a party! View this email in your browser 45 years young Born in 1971 out of the belief that freedom and liberty belong to all people. Today we have seen the legalization of gay marriage, more states ending the drug war, and more Americans rejecting the two party system and joining the Libertarian Party. What a decade we have had... What a year! Tripling our previous Presidential votes, doubling our state membership in the Party, having yet again another Georgian earn over 1 million votes. Wow.
We want to invite you out to celebrate our 45th anniversary at our birthday party, December 10th at Hudson Grille in Midtown. We will have food, cake and a chance to meet our future candidates. Get your tickets HERE. We will be announcing our next convention and offering a special rate to attendees as well as some other surprises from the party starting next year. Join our Party JOIN Donate to the party DONATE Tickets to our 45th Tickets The election is not over yet! With the cabinet picks happening, some Georgia politicians have caught Trump's eye which leaves us with a huge opportunity: Special elections. Special elections do not have to have a petition to be on the ballot, but they have a short lifespan, we only have a few months to run candidates, that means we will need money and talent starting now.
Photo via Wikipedia
By Bay City News Service
The Bay Area Air Quality Management District has approved $2.2 million to complete 12 hydrogen refueling stations in the Bay Area, BAAQMD officials said today.
The air district expects the stations to be operable early next year. The Bay Area already has three stations.
The 12 stations to be completed will be located in Berkeley, Campbell, Foster City, Hayward, Los Altos, Mill Valley, Mountain View, Oakland, Redwood City, North First and North Fourth streets in San Jose, San Ramon, Saratoga, South San Francisco and Woodside.
BAAQMD officials expect hydrogen technology to reduce Bay Area greenhouse gas emissions. Air district spokesperson Tom Flannigan said vehicles are the largest source of particulate matter or smog in the Bay Area.
Air district officials have set a goal of reducing Bay Area greenhouse gas emissions to 80 percent of 1990 levels by 2050, according to a 2013 resolution.
"This is one of the efforts we're taking on to accomplish that," Flannigan said.
They said the $2.2 million is supplementing the cost of the stations, which are mostly being paid for with $50 million from the California Energy Commission and money from three project sponsors.
Flannigan said only about a dozen hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are in use in the Bay Area now.
Two vehicle models are currently available for lease in California, according to www.fueleconomy.gov.
The website says the 2014 Honda FCX Clarity midsize sedan has a range of 231 miles and the 2016 Hyundai Tucson Fuel Cell has a range of 265 miles.
The Clarity has a combined city and highway fuel efficiency of 59 miles per kilogram of hydrogen and the Tuscon has a combined fuel efficiency 50 miles per kilogram, according to www.fueleconomy.gov.
One kilogram of hydrogen is roughly equivalent to one gallon of gasoline, according to the site.
Toyota said its hydrogen fuel cell car, the Mirai, will be available later this year, according to the carmaker's website. Flannigan said Mercedes is also preparing to lease a hydrogen fuel cell car.
Hallucinogen to be tested as cure for opiate addiction
Ibogaine, a hallucinogen derived from an African plant, is used (illegally) as a cure for opiate addiction. This month, the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Research will test the effectiveness of Ibogaine on heroin addicts.
Popular Science has a brief article about the upcoming trial.
“As great as ibogaine seems, no one knows exactly how effective it is as a treatment,” says Valerie Mojieko, the director of clinical research for the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Research (MAPS), a privately funded Massachusetts-based nonprofit. So starting this month, MAPS will enlist Clare Wilkins, the director of Pangea Biomedics, to run the first long-term study to gauge the drug's lasting effects at their clinic in Mexico (where patients already pay $5,000 for the treatment). They will treat 20 to 30 heroin addicts and, for the next year, MAPS will subject them to psychological and drug tests to quantify ibogaine's effectiveness.
Fighting Drugs With Drugs: An Obscure Hallucinogen Gains Legitimacy as a Solution for Addictions
Photo by Hive. Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic license.
Like Adrian Peterson, The Majority Of U.S. Parents Use Physical Discipline
Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson was indicted on charges of child abuse for hitting their son with a tree branch. Robert Siegel talks to Elizabeth Gershoff, professor of human ecology at the University of Texas at Austin, about the history of corporal punishment.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
When it was revealed last week that Adrian Peterson, the star running back of the Minnesota Vikings, had punished their child by beating them with a stick, something else was revealed. What many Americans regard as child abuse, others recall simply as the way they were raised. Former basketball great Charles Barkley said that Adrian Peterson may have gone too far, but...
CHARLES BARKLEY: I'm from the South. Whipping - we do that all the time. Every black parent in the South is going to be in jail under those circumstances.
SIEGEL: The principle of spare the rod and spoil the child was commonly observed until not too long ago. Those who beat their children could cite the Bible. The book of Proverbs equates not physically punishing a son with hating him. Kids need discipline. How and when did this change for so many Americans? We're going to ask Professor Elizabeth Gershoff at the University of Texas at Austin. Welcome to the program.
ELIZABETH GERSHOFF: Thank you.
SIEGEL: And first, how common is corporal punishment of children in the American household these days?
GERSHOFF: It is still fairly common. Around three-quarters of American parents spank their children at least once a year or so.
SIEGEL: And in school?
GERSHOFF: In school it is legal in 19 states. And around 200,000 children are paddled each year in schools.
SIEGEL: You say the majority of parents physically punish their children about once a year. How much does that practice vary by race, region, education level, class - whatever?
GERSHOFF: It varies a fair amount. We know that it varies by race or ethnic group. African-American parents, in particular, spank more often than other groups. Whites and Latinos spank about the same. And Asian-Americans spank the least.
What we do also know is that there are not differences in the effects of spanking on children by race or ethnic group. And so with a large national sample, we found that even though African-American parents do spank more often, it's not more effective at increasing children's positive behavior and in fact has the opposite effect and increases children's aggressive behavior over time.
SIEGEL: Are you using spanking to mean also using a switch, as was used in this case, or a paddle or a belt or something like that?
GERSHOFF: Most of the time, we're talking about hitting a child on the behind with an open hand. That's what most Americans think of as spanking. But there are regional differences in that. And between 10 and 20 percent of Americans still use some kind of object to hit a child. So what Adrian Peterson did is actually not that uncommon.
SIEGEL: There are lots of people today who are parents who were disciplined by their parents by being beaten and consider it normal and therefore beat their children.
GERSHOFF: That's true. We do see that cycle of violence continuing through generations. Our own parents are our best example for how to parent. We live with our parents for many years. And that's the most close-up view of parenting we've ever seen. But there are many parents who are breaking that cycle and realizing that it is possible to raise children without hitting them. And that in fact if you don't hit them, you can raise perfectly good and perhaps even more well-behaved children who don't have the mental-health problems and behavior problems that are often associated with frequent spanking.
SIEGEL: When did public opinion, at least among the 25 percent of households that don't even spank their children - when did it turn against corporal punishment of your kids?
GERSHOFF: It's been gradually changing since the '60s, which is when we first have some good data on that. In the 1960s, around 90 percent of adults believed that spanking was necessary and important for raising children. Now that's around 75 percent. So it's gone down a little bit. And rates of spanking itself have gone down about the same amount.
SIEGEL: That's a pretty slow drawdown of support for physically disciplining your children.
GERSHOFF: Yes. It's been a very gradual decline here in the U.S. with still a vast majority of people being in favor of spanking. What's interesting is that in other countries we've seen a very different situation. There's been a much sharper tipping point, in large part because of the UN convention on the Rights of the Child, which was ratified in 1989 by the UN. And all countries in the world have ratified that except for the U.S. and Somalia. And the convention protects children against any kind of violence, including corporal punishment. And because of that, 38 countries now have agreed that corporal punishment of children, including spanking, violates children's human rights. And they have banned spanking altogether, both in homes and in schools.
SIEGEL: Just us and the Somalis, huh?
GERSHOFF: Yes.
SIEGEL: Professor Gershoff, thank you very much for talking with us.
GERSHOFF: You're welcome.
SIEGEL: That Elizabeth Gershoff, who is professor of human development and family sciences at the University of Texas at Austin.
Copyright © 2014 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
COUNTY council chiefs say they are pumping in £90m into roads to keep traffic moving in Hampshire.
Hampshire County Council is investing the money this financial year to help the transport infrastructure in the county.
The investment will be made in maintaining roads, in major highways improvement schemes, flood alleviation, bridge strengthening work, town centre improvements and road safety.
Executive Member for Environment and Transport at Hampshire County Council Councillor Rob Humby, said: "Good infrastructure is vital to any area's prosperity and quality of life.
"Despite the savings we are having to make because of ongoing cuts in our funding from Government, this considerable investment in road maintenance and improvement works demonstrates that we have the capacity and scale to prioritise schemes which will ensure economic growth, improve journey times and road safety, and provide better access to employment and education for the people of Hampshire."
"This is an unprecedented large value programme, which will benefit residents and businesses across Hampshire.
"It is made achievable through the knowledge and expertise of the staff at Hampshire County Council, and their ability to programme and deliver such a large volume of work."
Major road improvement schemes represent, £30m of the £90 million investment, with Hampshire County Council completing eight major schemes over the past few months, this work includes St Margaret's Roundabout and Peel Common Roundabout in Fareham, Leigh Road and Passfield Avenue in Eastleigh.
In Basingstoke work has been done to the A33 including the Ringway Roundabout and the Popley Junction.
Further work on the county's roads will total £52m, this includes work to the A30/A340 Winchester Road roundabout and the A33 Crockford and Binfields Roundabouts in Basingstoke, and work to the A27 in Fareham at the Gudge Heath Lane and Station Roundabout, and also the A27 Titchfield.
The investment has also been bolstered by £1.5 million incentive grant and £1.48 million pothole action grant, both from the Government's Department for Transport.
Orestes “Erik” Espinosa has a new cigar company. Earlier this week, Espinosa Premium Cigars began appearing on a variety of social media platforms.
Espinosa is most famous for being the E in EO Brands/United Tobacco, a partnership with Eddie Ortega the pair founded in 2003. Over the past decade the company has put out numerous cigars including 601, Cubao, Murcielago and others.
In the summer of 2010, Rocky Patel purchased a 50% stake in United Tobacco. A little over a month ago, Eddie Ortega resigned from EO Brands to launch their own company, Ortega Cigars. While there is no word on Espinosa's future role with EO Brands, there seems to be at least some indication that they will be remaining in their new role that they assumed after Ortega's resignation. Currently, their LinkedIn profile indicates that they are the owner of both Espinosa Cigars and EO Brands.
While Espinosa hasn't spoken of specifics, they have shown off a band and a cigar. Also, the Espinosa Cigars website indicates that an announcement will likely come on March 14, 2012.
In addition to their involvement with EO Brands, Espinosa has served as a sales representative for a variety of brands including Drew Estate and Rocky Patel.
More details are expected in the coming days.
Update (March 12, 2012): Espinosa explained to halfwheel that Espinosa Premium Cigars is to serve two different roles. First, it will replace EO Brands as the operating brand of the parent of 601, Cubao and Murcielago.
When asked about United Tobacco, Espinosa told halfwheel, “I'm going to keep that name and I'm going under Espinosa.”
In addition, Espinosa will be launching a new brand made at their new Estelím Nicaragua factory, La Zona.
The line will debut on May 23 (see the event poster below) and Espinosa plans to handout Toros to guest. They expect the line to launch in June and it will be distributed by Rocky Patel.
While sizes are still being finalized, Espinosa would reveal little on the blend. they said that it will be comprised of a lot of Nicaraguan tobacco, but when pressed for specific, they said, “the colonel will never reveal their 11 herbs and spices.”
(Image vía Espinosa Cigars)
"At age 20, we worry about what others think of us. At 40, we don't care what they think of us. At 60, we discover they haven't been thinking of us at all." - Ann Landers
There's no parallel between Gino Iannucci and the Chicago Sun-Times advice columnist Ann Landers, but as I enter the advanced age of 40, the pen name's quote gives me feelings. When you're old and a bit hungover, anything can trigger a melancholy miasmic jab to your gut. A crushed milk carton, finding a phone number in a coat you haven't worn in years, the lint and sand, wedged behind an old sticker you've never stuck anywhere, and of course Gino Iannucci: Male Model. Wait, what? Yes, back in February Iannucci surfaced in some dapper Eidos Napoli gear, designed by designer Antonio Ciongoli who confirmed to me via email that they push switch mongo. Strange, but worth an Insta follow.
In the passing months, Iannucci has appeared in my feed in various sweaters, coats, hats, and other age-appropriate things, eliciting a neurological reaction from my 40-year-old brain that reminds me of my mortality and the fact that there is life after youth, but it's a very different existence. I do not get these emotions when I see a member of Team Handsome juxtaposed against a model with skin made of cream, wearing designer clothes, while making a pensive face. No. Eli Reed? Never. Nor does this bit of sadness enter my non-existent soul when I see Mango wearing this multi-brand, norm fit in Vogue. It's just different, man.
These are young folks, being young. They make us hopeful and we envy their talents. These boys will continue to evolve, devolve, go sober, fall off the wagon, get married, divorced, injured, learn, be stubborn, and all kinds of other shit. They are not from Long Island. They are not 42-years-old. They have style, but they do not yet have the creases in their faces that read “life.” Gino has that lifestyle, a forever icon, constantly making you gaze into photographs, wondering where they got their footwear, what outlet mall they ravaged for their Nautica gear, just how long your braided leather belt should hang, and if you could possibly pull off a sweater vest. No, you can't, BTW.
Primary Documents - Germany's Declaration of War with Russia, 1 August 1914
Presented by the German Ambassador to St. Petersburg
The Imperial German Government have used every effort since the beginning of the crisis to bring about a peaceful settlement. In compliance with a wish expressed to them by Their Majesty the Emperor of Russia, the German Emperor had undertaken, in concert with Great Britain, the part of mediator between the Cabinets of Vienna and St. Petersburg; but Russia, without waiting for any result, proceeded to a general mobilisation of their forces both on land and sea.
In consequence of this threatening step, which was not justified by any military proceedings on the part of Germany, the German Empire was faced by a grave and imminent danger. If the German Government had failed to guard against this peril, they would have compromised the safety and the very existence of Germany.
The German Government were, therefore, obliged to make representations to the Government of Their Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias and to insist upon a cessation of the aforesaid military acts. Russia having refused to comply with this demand, and having shown by this refusal that their action was directed against Germany, I have the honour, on the instructions of my Government, to inform your Excellency as follows:
Their Majesty the Emperor, my august Sovereign, in the name of the German Empire, accepts the challenge, and considers themselves at war with Russia.
SCOTT SIMON, host:
This is WEEKEND EDITION from NPR News. I'm Scott Simon.
Last month's earthquakes in Indonesia and Samoa were a brutal reminder of the force of seismic shifts. It hit close to home in the San Francisco Bay area. Twenty years ago today it had experienced a magnitude 7.1 earthquake and 63 people died.
Lives could've been saved with an earthquake early warning system, but such a system is still several years away in the United States. From member station KQED in San Francisco, Amy Standen reports.
AMY STANDEN: If you ever find yourself with five seconds in front of you — five seconds before you know that a major earthquake is about to hit — Richard Allen says this is almost certainly what you should do…
Mr. RICHARD ALLEN (University of California at Berkeley): The best thing you want to do is get under a table. It's that simple. Nothing else. Get under a table.
STANDEN: Allen is a seismologist with the University of California at Berkeley. They spent the past decade working on a system that can warn people when a major earthquake is on its way. The system, which receives federal funding through the Department of the Interior, enters a final testing phase this fall, and researchers say it could be up and running by 2013. It's based on a network of seismic monitoring stations — some 400 of them — that are hidden around the state.
(Soundbite of banging)
STANDEN: This narrow concrete vault extends 100 feet into a rocky hillside above the UC Berkeley campus. Like many of these monitoring stations, it was built during the Cold War to eavesdrop on nuclear bomb tests around the world.
Mr. ALLEN: So we're now at right at the very back of the vault. The seismic instrumentation is in fact underneath these silver boxes, which is, again, more thermal insulation to keep the instrumentation very stable. There are three components back there, so we record the ground motion in the vertical up-down direction, east-west direction and then north-south direction.
STANDEN: These instruments are so sensitive that even turning out the lights in here could throw their measurements off. They're housed in bell jars, wrapped in layers of foam padding. When a quake hits, they record not just its strength and duration but the different kinds of energy that comprise it. Allen says these P waves and S waves, as they're called, are the key to prediction.
Mr. ALLEN: The first energy is P waves. And so it travels much more rapidly through the subsurface, but has very little energy associated with it. The second type of energy is called S waves. It has a lot more energy, it does a lot of the damage, most of the damage, but also it travels more slowly. So you detect the P waves and then you say something about the S waves that are going to follow.
STANDEN: When Allen and other scientists talk about earthquake early warning, they aren't talking about hours, or even minutes. They're talking about tens of seconds — or fewer, depending on your proximity to the epicenter.
Mr. ALLEN: Unfortunately, our faults go right beneath the metropolitan regions. And if you're right above the earthquake, even with the early-warning system, you probably won't get a warning. But if you're 10 kilometers, 20 kilometers, 30 kilometers away, then you start to get some warning.
STANDEN: In the Loma Prieta quake two decades years ago, residents in Oakland — where most of the deaths were — could have had about 20 seconds of warning, had the system been in place. But in future quakes, the warning could be as few as five or 10 seconds. Still, there are things you could do.
Mr. DAVID OPPENHEIMER (United States Geological Survey): Elevators stopping at the next floor when the door is opening.
STANDEN: That's David Oppenheimer with the United States Geological Survey.
Mr. OPPENHEIMER: Alarms going off in schools saying, you know, duck and cover, with a voice telling you what to do.
STANDEN: And how about hospitals?
Mr. OPPENHEIMER: The one example that I always like to give, because people cringe, is that, you know, if somebody's performing cataract surgery on you, and obviously you would like the surgeon to remove the scalpel away from your face.
STANDEN: Oppenheimer says they can imagine cell phone applications that pick up P-wave alerts and start counting down until the quake hits.
Mr. OPPENHEIMER: Ten, nine, eight, shaking will arrive in five seconds.
STANDEN: But what if it doesn't? Oppenheimer says false alarms, which have happened in Japan, are inevitable. It's one of the reasons that early warning hasn't always been an easy sell here in the states. Again, Richard Allen.
Mr. ALLEN: I think it's fair to say that funding has been a real struggle. And there's a lot of interest immediately after an earthquake, but that interest wanes very rapidly.
STANDEN: This is starting to change. Last month, the project received five million in stimulus dollars to replace old computers in the monitoring stations. Allen and Oppenheimer say the new computers can process quake data faster, adding five seconds of warning time.
Still, some potential users ask if the warning is worth the investment it would take to implement it.
Mr. PAUL OVERSEIR (Bay Area Rapid Transit): It depends on how much advance notice we have.
STANDEN: Paul Overseir is an assistant general manager for the Bay Area Rapid Transit. They say with a few seconds' warning, trains can begin to slow down — but not by much.
Mr. OVERSEIR: There's, of course, a question about whether a train doing 64 miles an hour is substantially safer than a train doing 70 miles an hour.
STANDEN: Allen and Oppenheimer say they could increase warning times by adding monitors to more rural parts of the state. The price tag for such an expansion: $80 million - about the same amount, they argue, that it might cost to do earthquake-proof retrofits to just one or two large buildings.
For NPR, I'm Amy Standen in San Francisco.
Copyright © 2009 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Although prominent tech research firm Gartner recently reported that Windows 7 is "not a major architectural release," it suggests the imminent expiry of Windows XP should push most businesses to upgrade to the new operating system (OS) within the next two years.
In an October 13th presentation discussing the impact of Microsoft's upcoming Windows 7 (due for release October 22nd), research firm Gartner remarked that Windows 7 is "not a major architectural release," but instead more of an improvement "on top of Windows Vista's architectural changes." In other words, Windows 7 will not revolutionize the modern operating system, but is intended to address the many issues that plagued Vista's short period of existence.
XP Support to Cease by 2011
It's not all bad news for Microsoft and those anxiously awaiting the Win 7 launch parties: Gartner admits that Windows 7 will probably have a much more significant impact than Windows Vista, primarily because of the impending expiration of support for Windows XP. That's expected to come to pass sometime around the end of 2011, when independent software vendors cease supporting the XP OS. Gartner believes this should nudge most businesses towards Windows 7 sometime before then.
"Typically, more than half [of] organization's apps require Windows," said Gartner analysts Michael Silver and Stephen Kleynhans. "Replacing it is not an option." (Source: eweek.com)
It's expected businesses who haven't made the upgrade will enter the "XP danger zone" by the end of 2012, when applications and systems need maintenance but there's no support from Microsoft.
Recession May Impact Deployment
Gartner's suggestion for businesses: stop using XP before then. Eliminate its infrastructure and make the upgrade to Windows 7 before 2011. Businesses already deploying Vista should continue to do so and upgrade to Windows 7 in 2011.
It's not yet certain if businesses will follow this advice, however. Some predict that the recession, even if it is over, could force conservative firms to delay any software upgrades until at least 2011, maybe later.
As for home users, early reviews of Windows 7 suggest it's an impressive step-up from Vista and XP and worth a few extra bucks if buying a new PC -- but it might not be worth paying $120 or more for the full-fledged upgrade. (Source: google.com)
"Where is China Headed?" – Keynote Address by Amb. Stapleton Roy
Pardee Center Conference
December 8, 2008
As the keynote speaker at the December 8 conference, “Three Decades of Reform and Opening: Where is China Headed?”, former U.S. Ambassador to China Stapleton Roy said that 2009 will be a “defining moment in world affairs.”
Although the global economic crisis is demanding a great deal of attention of the incoming administration of President-elect Barak Obama, the new administation “cannot neglect Asia,” the Ambassador said. “China is too important.”
Ambassador Stapleton Roy was the featured keynote speaker at the conference sponsored by the Frederick S. Pardee Center for the Study of the Longer-Range Future. Nearly a hundred people attended the luncheon at the Rafik Hariri Building at Boston University's School of Management.
The ambassador said “the defining moment” marks the end to the assumption that the U.S. will remain indefinitely asthe dominant player in the world economy and that democracy and capitalism are the best models of governance and economic systems for the rest of the world. With the global economic crisis, “that assumption has taken a body blow,” they said. “We're going to be a different country in 2009.”
They said that for China, there are two possible scenarios regarding the economic crisis: either China will weather the crisis pretty well and emerge from it sooner and in better condition than the western countries, or the crisis could exceed the abilitiy of China's leaders to handle, plunging the country into a serious crisis. They said they could not predict which scenario is more likely.
Amb. Stapleton Roy also said in terms of China's future, the impact of generational changes in leadership should not be underestimated. By 2020, the leaders who will emerge in China will have no direct memory of the cultural revolution and will have lived all of their lives in a more open China that emerged since 1972 when President Richard Nixon visited Chairman Mao and set the stage for improved relationships between China and the western world.
Earlier, Boston University Provost David Campbell spoke to the lunch gathering and highlighted the university's past and current global initiatives.
After the conference, Ambassador Roy was among the guests at a dinner for conference presenters and other invited guests, including Boston University Dean of the College or Arts and Sciences Virginia Sapiro and Dean of the Metropolitan College Jay Halfond. (More on the conference here).
Don Mattingly's relationship with Yasiel Puig always felt slightly off. There wasn't outright distaste, I wouldn't say, but I also wouldn't imagine Mattingly would be a groomsman in Puig's wedding. So, when Mattingly chatted with Dan Patrick Tuesday, what they might say felt very interesting.
By Mattingly's standards, the quotes didn't disappoint. The transcription was done by Steve Dilbeck of the L.A. Times.
Where is Puig in their career? I think at a crossroads. For me, I think they jumped out there and was great and then they have not really continued on that path. You've been around the game a long time, and a lot of sports. Guys will jump out that first year to throw the magic out there, and then there's a league change. Teams are going to gear up for you, continue to make adjustments to get you out. If you don't continue to work and continue to make adjustments, then you get stuck. Obviously the talent is there. The talent is off the charts. But he'll have to make some adjustments.
With Mattingly, you'd never expect them to go on some tirade about Puig because of the professionalism Mattingly has shown throughout this process. That said, the former Dodgers manager makes some great points. Puig is overwhelmingly talented physically, but does lack discipline at the plate.
Pitchers and scouts have known this for a while now. Puig simply hasn't adjusted.
Now, some of these falls on Mattingly and their coaching staff's ability to get their players to buy in and make said adjustments, simply because of the position they held. Oddly enough, that part didn't come up. Again, for whatever reason, Mattingly's and Puig's relationship with each other was really complicated.
Now that said relationship has come to a close – at least for the foreseeable future – Mattingly's insight into Puig's recent struggles not only holds weight, but makes a ton of sense.
You can find the full interview below.
Taco Bell is launching a new feature to cater to one of its more important demographics: drunk customers.
Starting Thursday, the fast-food chain will test a feature that allows Lyft passengers to push a button to have their driver take them to a Taco Bell drive-thru between 9 p.m. and 2 a.m.
Taco Bell will test "Taco Mode" in Orange County, California, from July 27 to 29 and August 3 to 5, with plans to expand the service across the US in 2018. In addition to providing passengers the ability to order drive-thru Taco Bell, Taco Mode also includes a custom in-car menu, free Doritos Locos tacos, and what the company calls a "taco-themed car."
In other words, Taco Bell just made it a lot easier for drunk customers to get Doritos Locos tacos on the way home from the bar.
"We realized that for every person who has asked their Lyft driver to make a pit stop at Taco Bell — and we've seen many — there are likely those who weren't sure if this was possible," Taco Bell CMO Marisa Thalberg said in a statement. "With the advent of this fantastic partnership with Lyft, we will erase any lingering uncertainty and celebrate the ability to 'ride-thru' in Taco Mode."
Drunk late-night customers are a key part of Taco Bell's business model.
Getty Images
According to Foursquare's data, 14.8% of Taco Bell's customers visited between 10 p.m. and 4 a.m., QSR Magazine reported in October. For comparison, the late-night crowd made up 11.1% of McDonald's customers and 3.5% of Qdoba's customers.
The partnership will also provide a reason for customers to pick Lyft over its ride-share rival Uber, whose series of recent scandals led to the departure of its CEO, Travis Kalanick, in June.
While Uber has fast-food partnerships of its own through UberEats, Taco Mode provides a different kind of delivery service — one that Taco Bell hopes will result in fresher food. Taco Bell has been reluctant to jump on the UberEats bandwagon because of fears that the food would be delivered cold.
"The third-party folks, the aggregators — they're just not fast enough," CEO Brian Niccol told Business Insider in April.
Afro Samurai 2 Split Into Three Volumes, First Debuts On PS4 On September 22nd
By Chris Priestman . September 10, 2015 . 3:00pm
Afro Samurai 2: Revenge of Kuma has been split into three volumes each with a new story arc, characters, and combat styles. The first of those, Volume 1, is debuting on PlayStation 4 on September 22nd.
The game will be coming to Xbox One but not until a later date. There will also be a PC version available on Steam but the date for that hasn't been revealed yet – it could well be September 22nd too.
According to the announcement, only PS4 owners will be able to get a special discounted bundle containing all three volumes of the game. It'll take 20 percent off the full price for all three volumes if bought separately. PlayStation Plus members will be able to get a 30 percent discount on the bundle.
It was also revealed that Afro Samurai's creator Takashi Okazaki has contributed original manga to the game. It appears in the game to add to the emotion of the story in the form of small cells, pop-ups, and full screen images as you progress.
Finally, the game's soundtrack is composed of original songs from various indie hip-hop artists that have been mentored by RZA from the Wu-Tang Clan. RZA has been the music director on Afro Samurai since the original animated series. The video above is one of the songs from the soundtrack by Visual Eyez.
As Siliconera covered before, Afro Samurai 2 follows directly after the first game and sees the bear-headed cyborg Kuma seeking revenge against Afro after seeing the slaughter of all those they loved and facing near death himself.
Xherdan Shaqiri is prepared to make their Premier League debut for Stoke City against Norwich City on Saturday, manager Mark Hughes says.
The Switzerland international was a club-record £12 million signing for Stoke this summer, agreeing a five-term deal at the Britannia Stadium.
But despite being fit for last week's draw against Tottenham, Shaqiri had to serve a one-game suspension stemming from their time with Inter last season.
Norwich City Stoke City 1 1 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
With the ban completed, Hughes said the 23-year-old is eager to play this weekend against Norwich.
"He has been very good in training.  They are more integrated into the group now and they are aware of what we are trying to do," Hughes said. "With every signing there is always an element of risk to it and this one is no different.
"He is our record signing and we feel we have brought in a player of real top quality. They can be a really big player for us this season."
Hughes said Shaqiri, along with fellow new signing Ibrahim Afellay, can add punch to the Stoke attack.
Xherdan Shaqiri became Stoke's the most expensive transfer when they signed from Inter this summer.
"I think people are excited and enthused about what we could possibly offer when we have everybody fit and available," they said.
"We need to get the balance correct though, and get the combinations right."
Newly promoted Norwich defeated Sunderland 3-1 last weekend, and Hughes said they expect a difficult test at Carrow Road.
"They have a lot of experience, and their squad isn't too different from what it was last time they were involved in the Premier League," Hughes said.
"Maybe that will benefit them because they haven't made wholesale changes like other newly promoted sides have.
Also on Friday, Stoke chairperson Peter Coates said they want Jon Walters to pen a new deal.
They told the Sentinel: "We are hoping Jon Walters will sign a new contract with us and we feel are close to completing that with him.
"He's a very good player, one the club values, and that's why we are trying to agree a new contract with him."
The two-time MotoGP champion rode at the Malaysian circuit last week in a private session, and joined the full field for the first of three days of testing on Monday.
Stoner set a 1m59.681s on the 2017 Ducati just after 1pm local time, displacing the Italian manufacturer's race rider Andrea Dovizioso at the top of the order.
Dovizioso finished 0.115 seconds slower than Stoner, while new Ducati recruit Jorge Lorenzo was a quiet 17th, 1.669s adrift.
Ducati's primary test rider Michele Pirro will take over from Stoner on Tuesday before a decision is made on who will join Dovizioso and Lorenzo on track on the third and final day.
A rain shower hit the circuit at 4pm local time, making the last two hours of available running a write-off, although some riders did sample the wet conditions.
Lorenzo's replacement at Yamaha, Maverick Vinales was Ducati's closest challenger in third place, and they finished the day 0.447s slower than Stoner with a time of 2m00.128s.
Valentino Rossi was eighth, 0.567s behind their new teammate and 1.014s behind Stoner.
Aspar Ducati recruit Alvaro Bautista was fourth fastest on their 2016 Desmosedici, having led the way early on, one spot ahead of new Suzuki signing Andrea Iannone.
Cal Crutchlow was the best of the Honda riders on their satellite LCR entry in sixth, with factory pair Marc Marquez and Dani Pedrosa ninth and 13th respectively.
Of this year's four rookies, Jonas Folger led the way in seventh place, six spots ahead of Tech 3 Yamaha teammate Johann Zarco, with Suzuki's Alex Rins in 20th and Aprilia's Sam Lowes 26th.
While Lowes is spending this test on last year's Aprilia, Aleix Espargaro was 15th fastest on the latest version of the RS-GP with a heavily revised engine.
Pol Espargaro was the best of the new KTMs, one spot behind their brother with a 2m01.338s that was 1.657s off Stoner's pace, while Bradley Smith wound up 27th and the last of the runners, 3.353s adrift.
Day 1 testing times:
"It was my fault," only half-jokes the best-selling satirist and former editor of the iconic publication. Now, on the eve of a Lampoon-less 'Vacation' reboot they deem unworthy (a "dump-fill featuring the 'Hangover' wimp"), they explain what went right and very wrong for the once-legendary comedy brand.
This story first appeared in the July 31 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
A new Vacation movie is scheduled to be released — or allowed to escape — on July 29. To judge by the obvious, pitiful, frenetic, stupid raunchiness of its trailer, it belongs to the genre known as "post-humoristic."
The movie declares itself to be a remake of National Lampoon's Vacation, the 1983 classic of obvious, pitiful, frenetic, stupid innocence. But the words "National Lampoon" are never mentioned in the trailer. This is doubtless a relief to those two good souls in Funny Heaven: John Hughes, who wrote the script for the original, and Harold Ramis, who directed it. Yet the absence of the magazine's name causes pangs of ancient regret to old duffers who held NatLamp dear in the 1970s and early 1980s.
We remember how the publication was a font of youthful nihilism's dark, ironic genius (albeit with the obvious, pitiful, frenetic and stupid qualities that entails).
We remember how, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the magazine went to hell. National Lampoon now seems damned to the point that its name isn't even worthy of being attached to a summer cineplex dump-fill featuring the Hangover wimp dentist as leading man and a Chevy Chase cameo.
From left: Anthony Michael Hall, Chase, Beverly D'Angelo and Dana Barron, the original Griswolds from 1983's National Lampoon's Vacation, based on a Hughes magazine story from 1979.
Sick transit gloria. What a shocking fall for Lampoon's shock humor. And it was my fault.
I was editor-in-chief of National Lampoon from 1978 through 1980, when the magazine began sinking. It limped on as a monthly until 1985, but I was one of the last original creators still on board.
The failure was caused by success. From the inaugural issue of National Lampoon in 1970 until they left in 1974, Michael O'Donoghue was the most important influence on its style, tone and content. They went on to become the first head writer for Saturday Night Live. Before becoming the first stars of SNL, John Belushi and Chase starred, alongside Christopher Guest, in the 1972 off-Broadway play National Lampoon Lemmings. Belushi recruited Bill Murray for the 1973-1974 National Lampoon Radio Hour cast, which included Richard Belzer. Murray and fellow Radio Hour performer Gilda Radner starred in the 1975 off-Broadway National Lampoon Show. Hughes started a spectacular career writing for the Lampoon. Ramis started another scripting National Lampoon's Animal House with NatLamp co-founder Doug Kenney and Chris Miller, author of Lampoon's popular Animal House short stories that inspired the 1978 movie.
If you see a pattern, it's called money. What do you think the proper comparison would be between how much Hughes was paid for writing National Lampoon's Vacation and how much I paid them for the short story "Vacation '58," upon which the movie was based? If you're thinking chalk and cheese, you like to eat chalk better than John did.
The new Vacation features a Chase (center) cameo.
Even in the salad days of magazine publishing, there wasn't a lot of lettuce on the plate. Playboy used to pay — cue Dr. Evil moment — a dollar a word.
By 1980, talented young writers with youthful nihilism's dark, ironic genius had as many opportunities as there were Porky's sequels.
Besides, National Lampoon was never a pleasant place to work. The office was rife with the clubby snits and snubs of its clubby, snitty progenitor, Harvard Lampoon, founded in 1876. Some of the snits were a century old. Plus having a bunch of humorists in one place is like having a bunch of cats in a sack.
As the boss, I had the people skills of Luca Brasi in The Godfather and the business acumen of the fellows who were managing New York's finances in the 1970s (remember the Post's headline "FORD TO CITY: DROP DEAD").
The iconic Lampoon cover from 1973.
The National Lampoon staff was busy sticking it to the man and being alienated, sarcastic, cynical and hip. I had the Squaresville job of making the magazine show a profit. To which task I guess I seemed well-suited. I owned a suit. And I was the only staffer who admitted voting for Gerald Ford.
Therefore, when Squaresville things happened, I got to deal with them. For example, National Lampoon published an illustration of Mick Jagger performing fellatio on a microphone. This depiction — drawn with perhaps too much vigor — appeared opposite a full-page ad by one of the few companies willing to advertise in the National Lampoon. It was a Japanese manufacturer of turntables, amplifiers, speakers and microphones.
I got to visit the American headquarters of the Japanese corporation and talk to three senior Japanese executives.
Belushi (center) in 1978's Animal House, scripted by Ramis, Doug Kenney and Chris Miller.
Me: "What makes the illustration funny is the Freudian nature of a performing artist who casts themselves in a phallic role, subconsciously overcompensating by utilizing an actually phallic object in their performance."
Japanese executives: Silence.
Me: "You see, Mick Jagger's persona is that of a subject for sex objectification by women. Yet the intense narcissism of their presented behavior is such as to cast doubts upon their own heterosexual orientation."
Japanese executives: Silence.
Ramis and Radner in the 1974 off-Broadway play National Lampoon Show.
Me: "So, in order to make a humorous point concerning this psychological paradox, we exhibited the musician in a symbolic situation in which their libido is manifested mechanically rather than biologically. Mechanical representations of biological functions being one of the root sources of mirth according to Laughter, an Essay on the Meaning of the Comic by 19th century French philosopher Henri Bergson."
Japanese executives: Total silence.
Hughes in 1986.
There are those who say that National Lampoon "changed the face of American humor." It certainly put some wrinkles on mine. We published our last issue in November 1998.
What was so much fun about the original National Lampoon's Vacation was its maniacal expression of the love-and-hate relationship between weird hip sensibilities (Hughes) and even weirder normal middle-class values (Clark Griswold).
That kind of fun can't be had in the 21st century, where there are no normal middle-class values, all the Clark Griswolds are alienated, sarcastic and cynical, and every suburban schlub is a font of nihilism's dark, ironic genius.
Murray (left) and Christopher Guest in 1975 on Saturday Night Live.
Once, there was "If You Don't Buy This Magazine We'll Kill This Dog" — the January 1973 cover line by actor, comedian and erstwhile National Lampoon contributing editor Ed Bluestone. This was in the days before Photoshop, and the cover shoot wasn't going well. The dog was a professional model. Like Kate Moss, it sat perfectly still with a blank expression. Finally Lampoon's art director Michael Gross had the idea of standing off-camera behind the dog's trainer (who was holding the gun) and shouting the dog's name. Hence the perfect pathos of the dog's sidelong glance.
Now, it's a totally different world. It's "If You Don't Buy a Ticket to This Crappy Movie, We'll Go Watch Mission: Impossible — Rogue Nation in the Theater Next Door."
Wednesday on CBS's “Late Show,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) said supporting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was like “if your house is on fire, calling an arsonist to come help out.”
Warren said, “Let's be real clear Donald Trump is looking out for exactly one guy, and that guy's name is Donald Trump. Look, they smell that there is change in the air and what they want to do is make sure that change works really, really well for Donald Trump.”
They continued, “This is the deal, you gotta kinda look a little closer at Donald Trump. Because this is their main claim to how it is that they say he's qualified to be president of the United States. They say, in business they win, wins, wins. Well, the truth is, they inherited a fortune from their father… they kept it going by cheating and defrauding people, and then they trek detractors through chapter 11.”
They added, “Look, that really is the heart of it, that Donald Trump knows that there's change and the question is, ‘So what's gonna happen from that?' We have an economy that's in real trouble. But when the economy is in this kind of trouble calling on Donald Trump for help is like, if your house is on fire, calling an arsonist to come help out.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
A Republican-led effort to repair No Child Left Behind collapsed unexpectedly Friday after House Republicans could not generate enough support from their own party.
The House was expected to vote today on the Student Success Act, a Republican bill that would replace George W. Bush's long-expired No Child Left Behind law. But conservative opposition to the bill derailed the vote, which was eventually cancelled.
The Student Success Act dramatically would dismantle several key provisions of Bush's trademark education law, ending some federal programs, and returning significant oversight to state and local governments. But the conservative Heritage Foundation and Club for Growth had rallied ultra-conservative members to vote "no" on the bill, saying it did not go far enough in reducing the federal government's control of education.
A representative for House majority leader Kevin McCarthy's office did not respond to a request for comment.
The Student Success Act would keep an unpopular federal mandate that students be tested every year in third through eighth grade. It would also not permit states to opt out of the program. The Club for Growth criticized the bill for showing "no meaningful reduction in overall spending;" the Success Act calls for locking in education funding at 2012-2013 levels.
The Obama administration waged its own battle to derail the House's bill earlier this week, when it released numbers claiming that funding provisions would mean drastic cuts for school districts with many poor and minority students. Many took issue with the administration's analysis, saying they presented an unlikely worst-case scenario.
The BristleBot is a simple and tiny robot with an agenda. The ingredients? One toothbrush, a battery, and a pager motor. The result? Serious fun.
(YouTube video here.)
The BristleBot is our take on the popular vibrobot, a simple category of robot that is controlled by a single vibrating (eccentric) motor. Some neat varieties include the mint-tin version as seen in Make Magazine (check the video), and the kid's art bot: a vibrobot with pens for feet.
The starting point is of course the toothbrush. We need one that has more-or-less uniformly angled bristles. (While it may be possible to take one with straight bristles and bend them to suit, I haven't tried.) If the bristle length is nonuniform (as it is here), it may take scissors to make the bristles all the same.
Cut off the handle of the toothbrush, leaving only a neat little robotics platform.
Next, we need a vibrating pager motor or other tiny motor with an unbalanced output shaft. If you should happen to find a small enough motor you can always add the weight yourself, but usually motors this size are made for pagers anyway. I got mine on eBay for a few bucks; you can also get them here, for example.
The kind that I got are happy to run on almost any common voltage– probably a range of 1-9 V. As a power source, you can use an alkaline or lithium coin cell or watch battery, either 1.5 V or 3 V. To hook the motor to the battery I soldered short copper wire leads to the motor terminals.
The last substantial ingredient is some foam tape. Apply a small piece to the top of the toothbrush robotic platform, which will be used to hold the motor in place.
Attach the motor to the foam tape. The tape provides a spacer so that the rotating weight does not hit the toothbrush head. It also provides a strong, flexible connection to the base that is able to handle the severe vibration that this robot experiences. A first approach to hooking up the battery might be to stand it on end. However, the battery itself is not held in place very well this way and will fall out shortly.
A better method is to bend one of the leads down flush with the foam tape, so that you can *stick* the battery to the foam tape as well and still make an electrical connection. The other lead contacts the other side of the battery, and the motor can run.
The completed BristleBot, running and ready for action. When you set one down, you may notice that it tends to steer left or right. We have found that battery and motor placement, bristle shape (one stray long bristle can interfere with the motion, and motor rotation direction all influence the behavior- so be sure to try flipping the battery upside down if you have trouble getting yours to go straight.
Now and for the record, this is one of many different kinds of vibrobots– there are a lot of other designs out there if you go and look. We have heard of and seen many other vibrating robots, and we know that even using a brush with angled bristles for propulsion has been done before. However, this particular miniature implementation may be unique, and is certainly fun. Very few robots that you can build so easily are so rewarding. With the right parts, you can make one in a few minutes. It might be great fun to make a bunch of them to race them competitively.
ESPN Radio host Colin Cowherd took aim at Syracuse, N.Y. again on their nationally syndicated show on Friday.
In their "two for the road" segment, Cowherd ripped Syracuse's ranking as the No.1 college town, according to Travel and Leisure Magazine.
"This story is so ridiculous, it has got to be the dumbest study of all-time," Cowherd said in poking fun at Syracuse.
Here is the Top 5 list of America's best college towns according to Travel and Leisure:
5. Duluth, Mn.
4. Ft.Collins, Co.
3. Charlottesville, VA.
2. Lafayette, LA.
1. Syracuse, NY
After reading through the list, Cowherd reserved most of their scorn for Syracuse, having this exchange with a show producer, Dan Stanczyk, who is a Syracuse native.
Cowherd: "That's the dumbest thing I've ever seen. OK. So let me get this right. The best college town would include weather, attractive people ...Syracuse, N.Y.?"
Stanczyk: "Check and check."
Cowherd: "No Athens, Georgia. No USC vs. UCLA. No Austin, Texas. Instead it's nine degrees and the best looking guy in town is Jim Boeheim?"
Stanczyk: "Colin, you've been pretty critical of Syracuse. I'm not demanding an apology, but can I get the the 'Colin was wrong' sounder?"
*Sound clip* "That place is a dump."
Stanczyk: "They have great pizza too, you left that out. Syracuse is beautiful. Just deal with it."
Cowherd: "Travel and Leisure you just lost a subscriber today. It is so ridiculous, I'm laughing. It's literally like calling Jeremy Lin the best point guard in the league (NBA) and I'm just supposed to comply with it because some magazine online said it was so."
Cowherd was also critical of Syracuse as an NCAA regional site back in March.
I'm just surprised Cowherd didn't counter Syracuse's No.1 college town ranking with Athlon Sports recent poll that labeled Syracuse as the worst college town in the ACC.
Even if they did, we'd just refer them to this post written by my syracuse.com colleague Chris Baker.
Anyway, thanks for sticking up for us, Stanczyk.
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is on me next time you are in town.
Contact Brent Axe: Email | Twitter
Listen to "On the Block" with Brent Axe weekdays from 5-6 p.m. on ESPN Radio Syracuse
A woman is suing Hooters for employment discrimination based on disability status for allegedly being forced out of their job as a waiter at the racy restaurants after they underwent cancer surgery, lost their hair and had a large scar on their head.
Hooters reportedly wanted them to wear a wig. The woman tried, but it hurt their scar, which was still healing. They say their hours were then cut back until they eventually are forced to quit.
Imagine a place like Hooters being so superficial.
Hooters, for anyone unaware, is a chain-restaurant where the waiteres wear very skimpy clothes in order to show off their usually-large breasts, which are known as “hooters” in American slang.
The St. Louis Post Dispatch does a good job walking through the legal issues here (media doesn't always do so well on that). But in a nutshell, disability rights laws protect you from discrimination based on your disability or your perceived disability (meaning, someone refuses to hire you because they think you have AIDS, even if you don't). In this case, allegedly pushing a waiter out because their cancer has made them less attractive (in the management's eyes), is a tough sell. As the paper points out, the plaintiff needs to be able to prove that they were able to do their job. But the question arises – or it's one that Hooters will try to sell to the court – as to whether being a “hot chick” is essential to doing your job at Hooters.
While, sure, being a hot woman is essential working at HootersI'm not sure how a judge rules in favor of Hooters on this one, lest every business start alleging that its “public face” is important, and thus they discriminate against people with disabilities, and even minorities and women, because it's “what the customers want.”
Now granted, we're dealing with Hooters here. But as FindLaw explains, it's really not enough to simply say “our customers like pretty girls.”
Title VII prohibits employers from discriminating in employment decisions based on gender, race, national origin, religion or age. Many states make it illegal to discriminate based on sexual orientation or transgender status. Title VII also, however, allows for discrimination based on protected characteristics (except race), when that characteristic is what is called a “Bona Fide Occupational Qualification” (BFOQ). To be a BFOQ, being a member of that group is essential to the job. To use this exception to the rule against discrimination, an employer must be able to prove that no member outside the desired group could perform the job. A simple example would be a job for a women's bathroom attendant. Employers can, and often do, however, go too far. For example, airlines have been prohibited from hiring only female flight attendants because men too can perform the basic function of the job.
Hooters went on to settle that other case. So it's still not entirely clear what would happen if they hadn't settled. But I'm not sure what the difference is between saying Hooters' customers find cancer scars disturbing and saying every restaurant customer finds cancer scars disturbing. Cancer is disturbing. And too bad. You don't get to end someone's career over it. That's kind of the whole point of disability laws.
I'm not entirely convinced that it should be legal for Hooters to exist at all. But to the degree we want to make an exception for quasi-sexual jobs like Hooters, I think you have a much harder sell saying that we should now start making exceptions to disability laws as well. At some point, a judge is going to say “enough.” How much you want to bet Hooters settles this one too, rather than risk a defeat that could impact its restaurants nationwide?
“Because we are different!”
That's as good a reason as any to eschew a jersey sponsor for a season and use the area normally reserved for the name of a company instead for a tribute to your membership.
FC Erzgebirge Aue will be playing in the 3. Liga this season after their five-year run in the 2. Bundesliga finished with relegation last month. Yet, instead of looking at the success of neighboring RB Leipzig and looking around for the best corporate backing they could find to help return them to the second division, Aue is doubling-down on remaining true to their “club” nature.
The word “Kumpelverein,” which serves as a focal point of the logo to be featured on Aue's jerseys this season, is not the name of some new tech company that is revolutionizing the mining industry that is so prominent in Aue's corner of Saxony. Instead, it refers to the Verein (club) seeing itself as being the sum of its membership.
Kumpel is a word that does not have a strong single-word English translation. Think of how you refer to your group of friends with whom you enjoy momentous occasions. The word you use to complete “I had such a great time last night just going out with my . . . ,” that's Kumpel, whether you trend toward buddies, pals, mates, bros, chums, or what have you.
Above “Kumpelverein,” you have an illustration representing the miners of Aue's mining history. Below, “weil wir anders sind” explains that it's all “because we are different.”
While the gesture speaks beautifully to the soul of the football romantic, modern-day football requires tribute mostly in the form of cash, rather than charm. Hence, the club is hoping to compensate for some of the revenue lost by pushing for a huge boost in membership.
“We have gained 600 new members within three weeks after relegation,” said club CEO Michael Voigt last week. “With the jersey campaign, we are trying to get more than 5000.”
The club announced on Facebook Friday that they'd eclipsed the 4,000-member mark.
In addition to the increase in membership, FC Erzgebirge Aue is also celebrating victory in their three-year campaign to win approval of improvements to Sparkassen-Erzgebirgsstadion, with an eye toward making Aue's football home a more-modern facility.
Whether the positive momentum for the club in off-field matters will help motivate the football concerns to a direct return to 2. Bundesliga remains to be seen. Whatever happens, though, club president Helge Leonhardt seems happy with the direction of die Veilchen.
“This makes us proud and distinguishes us from the rest of Germany.”
After 4 years, MLB seals the Fan Cave
Some ideas from the Fan Cave will live on, but MLB plans to come up with new uses for the New York City space.
MLB is shutting down the Fan Cave, its much-acclaimed 4-year-old social media hub in New York City, representing an early sign of the unification of business operations under new Commissioner Rob Manfred.
The move, led by Bob Bowman, president of business and media, is an attempt to consolidate all of baseball's social media activities under MLB Advanced Media and the MLB Network. MLBAM had its own active social media agenda separate from the Fan Cave, often creating confusion on matters such as who would take a lead role in promoting coming MLB events.
“We're trying to be more coordinated in all of our social media efforts,” Bowman said. “This change in structure is helping all of us focus on the same goals, and by putting all of the social media together, we hope to have a more consistent and effective message.”
The Fan Cave was developed and overseen by Tim Brosnan, who recently left the league after a lengthy tenure as executive vice president of business. Tony Petitti, recently promoted to MLB's chief operating officer, oversees marketing in their new role and will guide the newly consolidated social media activities.
Several Fan Cave components are likely to live on, including its concert series featuring up-and-coming acts and the creation of viral content with players outside the ballpark. But the original Fan Cave premise of having a group of selected fans watch every game of a season will cease.
MLB's lifestyle show developed in partnership with Viacom-owned MTV2, “Off the Bat from the MLB Fan Cave,” also has been discontinued after one season.
The Fan Cave was a pet project of Brosnan, opening in spring 2011 after just a few frantic weeks of preparation. The effort went on to win industry awards and generate hundreds of millions of social media impressions during its four-year run. The effort appealed to young fans and instantly became a cultural hit among casual baseball followers for its mix of music and social media components. It also was a popular draw among players.
Bowman said the decision to shift away from the Fan Cave does not represent a repudiation of the idea or of Brosnan.
“It would be a shame if that's the conclusion people come to,” Bowman said. “Every asset needs to be reviewed and analyzed, and after four years, it was due for that kind of review. It was a very good idea to have a major presence like that in Manhattan and engage with players in new ways. I think what we're doing is actually an attempt to extend its life instead of end it.”
Other changes in MLB's structure are expected in the coming weeks as Bowman and Petitti reshape baseball's business leadership below them and line out their priorities heading into the 2015 season. The league last week named Anomaly as its new multimedia creative marketing agency after previously working with BBDO and Hill Holliday.
MLB still has several years on its lease for the Fan Cave location, previously a Tower Records store, in New York's Greenwich Village. Bowman said they have several ideas to repurpose the space, including creating pop-up retail stores there during peak points of the baseball calendar such as Opening Day, the All-Star Game and the postseason. They also envision using the space to showcase MLBAM's suite of digital products.
“We're committed to the space, it's a hot area, and we don't have a retail space in Manhattan,” Bowman said. “So doing things there, at least on a pop-up basis to start, we think could be very beneficial to our licensing partners. And we think it could be an interesting way to show our technology in action.”
The original design of the Fan Cave was specifically to not be a retail presence, so a move to create a store there would represent a significant shift in strategy. New Era, one of MLB's key licensees, operates its own New York flagship store around the corner from the Fan Cave location.
Staff writer Terry Lefton contributed to this report.
The Kansas City Chiefs and CEO Clark Hunt welcomed General Manager Brett Veach as the team's seventh official general manager on Monday. This was the second of three press conferences today. Veach began and ended thanking family and stating how wonderful the Chiefs staff is. After ten years of working alongside head coach Andy Reid, Veach is plenty eager to jump into the front office position. From their humble attitude to intriguing quotes on Patrick Mahomes, Veach gave insight into how they will operate the Chiefs front office moving forward.
Clark Hunt Officially Introduces Kansas City Chiefs General Manager Brett Veach
Veach began by thanking Clark Hunt, their past coaches, and family members for the opportunity that is now before him. “I am extremely honored and humbled to represent the Kansas City Chiefs,” was the opening line that set the tone for the rest of the press conference. Everyone from their high school coach, Dave Williams, to the college coaches at the University of Delaware. Coming from Mount Carmel, PA, Veach has seen their share of mentors and coaches that have taught them the skills important to be a facilitator of football talent.
Important to note is the fact they also issued thanks to John Dorsey and Chris Ballard, neither of whom work for the Chiefs anymore. Dorsey's firing is of course the reason the Chiefs general manager job was open in the first place, and Ballard is working in the same capacity with the Indianapolis Colts now. However, unlike Hunt, Veach has spoken twice to Dorsey over the phone.
“It was a good conversation,” Veach noted.
After stating thank you to Reid for “not only making me a better scout, but a better person,” Veach opened to questions to the media in the crowd. They immediately jumped into questions regarding how they wanted to move forward with the current staff. Veach endlessly praised the family of scouts that work for the Chiefs, stating their first priority when getting the job was to reach out to everyone in the department.
Managing the 53-Man Roster
Veach likened the roster to a puzzle and acknowledged the difficult decisions they would need to make going forward. Although they have a long-term plan, the focus is currently on training camp.
Further on training camp, Veach will be driving up to meet players today as the Chiefs arrive for camp. Veach discussed that player evaluation and the NFL Draft process were essential parts of their makeup as a scout. They were specifically excited for training camp, hinting that much of the long-term plans for the Chiefs would be held through the draft and development, opposed to going free agent heavy.
Hunt also reiterated what they have said twice now.
“Brett is a great people person,” Hunt emphasized. “I've had the pleasure of working with Brett during their time with us. He's eager to get to work in building upon the strong foundation that we have.”
Veach and Hunt then went into discussing the salary cap and “relative values.” One of the major indictments of past front office management was an overbudget salary cap. Hunt has made it evident that they have no concern over how Veach will manage personnel to manage players and the salary cap appropriately.
Earlier today, Hunt evaded questions on Tamba Hali's Twitter rant. However, Veach opened up on the subject
“Great timing, that was awesome,” Veach jokingly stated. “I don't think Tamba knew what day camp was starting, they were just raring to go… It's social media, you will see that across the NFL.”
Further, both them and Reid will sit down with Hali upon arriving at training camp. Veach's lighter attitude toward the Twitter rant showed that this bubbling frustration will be addressed in-house, but also is not an overt concern.
Joint Football Minds– Andy Reid and Brett Veach
In another reassuring part of the press conference, Veach discussed their relationship with Reid. First, opposed to rumours, everyone from Hunt to Dorsey was on board drafting Patrick Mahomes II in this year's NFL Draft.
“I thought they were the best quarterback in the draft,” Veach stated.
Second, in their ten-year relationship, Veach and Reid have butted heads several times. Naturally, this is a healthy clash of opinions, insight into an open relationship where both general manager and head coach can be completely honest with each other. Veach alluded to the fact several times they have taught each other important lessons by being willing to be vulnerable to each other.
Finally, Hunt closed the press conference by stating that while there were many candidates whom Reid could work with, Veach was the best choice. Reid was evidently ecstatic when they found out that Veach would be getting the job.
Although the path ahead will be difficult, everyone in the front office is now in succinct motion heading into training camp. Hunt has full faith in Veach, who subsequently has full faith in their staff. While the current plan will focus mainly on the 53-man roster, a full three-year plan has already been molded by Veach.
Follow @LWOS_KCChiefs on Twitter for more news throughout the day!
Note: This is not related to the website update. If that's what you're here to discuss, please go somewhere else to discuss it or discuss the topic at hand.
Dear Riot.
I'm not sure how to say this, so let's get started with some charts.
Here's a comparison between the size of the various subforums (by number of pages), except GD.
746418
Here's the same thing, with GD added at the end.
746419
General Discussion, the subforum made to be used when none of the others quite fit, is almost 15 times as big as the second biggest one (Help & Support) and all non-GD subforums combined don't even reach a third of the size of GD.
Either you've done a horrible job when it comes to creating good subforums or you did a horrible job making sure threads ended up in their proper locations. Because somewhere, something went terribly wrong.
Now, I don't think the subforums were badly made. Maybe there's one or two which could be added, but overall you did a good job there. But so few threads end up in a suitable subforum, it's absurd.
Not only threads that slipped past you are misplaced, though. The Dragon Master Swain (http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=1158089) thread has 23 Riot posts. And nobody can argue that it wouldn't fit just as well, if not better, in the player concepts subforum. We know you have the ability to move threads (source: Dominion-related threads being moved out of GD at beyond ridiculous rates) so why do you not use it?
I know the task might seem a little big, but there are several other, smaller things you can do that would help in making the forums more organized and the posting distributed by topic as intended. Here are a few suggestions that would probably go a long way.
1. Make your own threads in the right subforums. You, Rioters, are the highest authorities of the community, whether you want to or not. That comes with the job. The threads where you gather ideas for champion reworks (such as this (http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=3667905)) could easily go in Champion Feedback, stuff relating to real life rather than the game (such as this (http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=3716812)) can (and should) be in Off Topic Discussion, ect. A couple red posts and threads in other subforums than GD might also make people stop believing that GD is the only subforum Riot is watching and move some discussion there. Don't worry about the threads not getting noticed, we have a dev tracker, we know everything you say and do.
2. If you're posting in a misplaced thread, please, move it while you're there. You can do it, it helps bring some kind of order to the forums and there's really no reason not to do it anyway.
3. Perhaps consider allowing a select few players to move threads. Just a handful of players who appear trustworthy. A forum I used to frequent used that system to great success, with less than a hundred "forum moderators" for a community of tens (perhaps hundreds, I'm not certain) of thousands of people - just make sure they don't go mad with power and make sure to take away said power in case they do.
As it is, these forums are a mess. There's some sort of order deep beneath the chaos, but still.
Sincerely, a concerned summoner called Pjoelj.
Tl;dr: The forums are a mess. Riot isn't helping. I have fancy charts which took embarrasing amounts of time to make.
111 photographers detained or targeted by violence during Gezi protests: NGO
ISTANBUL - Radikal
An injured Turkish photographer is accompanied by a colleague in İstiklal Avenue, after being hit by a rubber bullet, during a police crackdown in Istanbul, July 8. AP photo
111 photographers were detained, targeted by violence or had their photos erased by the police during the demos in Istanbul and Ankara between May 31 and July 8, the Association of Photographers has said in a report.The report, which collects the testimonies of many press and documentary photographers, said that the largest part of the injuries were due to gas canisters and rubber bullets fired by the police during the repeated violent crackdowns. Many photographers also complained that their cameras had been broken or pictures erased.The report also stressed that the yellow press cards did not prevent, in most cases, the detention of photojournalists. Contrary to many European countries, press cards are delivered by a Prime Ministerial Office in Turkey.Hürriyet Daily News photojournalist Emrah Güler and daily Hürriyet photoreporter Selçuk Şamiloğlu were among those injured while trying to cover the protests that were sparked by the attempts to demolish Istanbul's Gezi Park.The report also relates the experience of Mehmet Kaçmaz of the Nar photo agency, who underwent surgery after they were hit in the eyes by an object that couldn't be identified. “As I saw a [police] panzer passing in front of us, I turned my back and the barrel was then directed at us. Just as I turned to [the panzer] I heard a noise. Like a ball hitting wood. I held my eye. When I saw blood spilling, I understood I was wounded,” they said.The injury did not cause permanent damage to Kaçmaz's health, but around a dozen protesters have lost their sight in at least one eye due to projectiles fired by the police that hit their eyes.
Diplomat found dead after throat was slashed with steak knife in New York apartment just hours before Obama's UN speech
TWO knives - one a 12-inch steak knife - used in grisly murder
Mercado's stomach had also been stabbed
They had last been seen alive day before
No motive yet
Grisly death: Nicaraguan consul César Mercado, shown here in an undated photo, has been found dead in their New York apartment
A top Nicaraguan diplomat was found dead with their throat slashed and their stomach stabbed.
The bloody body of César Mercado, 34, was discovered yesterday inside their New York apartment by their horrified driver.
The driver had turned up there at 10.35am to pick Mercado up for the United Nations General Assembly's annual meeting, where U.S. President Barack Obama gave a speech.
They were last seen alive the day before.
Police said the driver had found the Bronx apartment's door ajar.
When they peeked through, they saw Mercado's body lying just inside the blood-spattered apartment.
It was initially thought one knife was used in the attack and was found near the body.
But investigators later determined there were two knives involved, a 12-inch steak knife found at the side of a blood-filled bathroom sink and a smaller paring knife found in the sink.
Mercado was fully clothed, and the apartment did not appear to have been ransacked, police said. A police spokesperson could not say whether they had defensive wounds on their body.
Neighbour Michele Figueroa, 19, said they heard a commotion in the apartment around 3am.
'I heard somebody banging on the wall. But I didn't pay attention,' they told the New York Daily News.
They said the diplomat was the type of friendly man who held doors open for others in the building, but claimed they were not well-acquainted.
Investigation: Emergency services outside the Bronx apartment where Mercado's body was found by their horrified driver
Mystery: Investigators examine the outside of the Bronx apartment
Now authorities are investigating a possible motive - but no suspects have been identified yet.
An assistant to Nicaragua's ambassador to the United Nations says the mission couldn't immediately release any information.
Mercado came to the U.S. in 2001 to work as an assistant in the office of Nicaragua's ambassador to the United Nations, a friend said.
They were single and their family was in Nicaragua.
They eventually became consul general, working with passports and immigration visas.
Murder? More investigators in protective suits examine the exterior of the Bronx apartment building where Mercado died
The assistant to the ambassador said the mission couldn't immediately release any information.
Mercado's friend Amparo Amador said they were like a son to them Recently, she'd urged them to go to the doctor because they looked thin, and they had been diagnosed with diabetes.
The two went to the wedding of another friend in Brooklyn just six days ago, where they danced and had fun.
'He had no enemies. They were loved by everyone who knew him,' they said in Spanish.
'When I first heard of their death, I thought they must've died from natural causes because there would be no way they could be killed.'
Tragedy: The seats of the Nicaraguan delegation to the United Nations General Assembly sit empty in the General Assembly hall today after news broke that Nicaraguan diplomat César Mercado was found murdered in New York
They said they lived the life of a young, single guy, but they aren't wild.
'He was the perfect guy. The best person, just wonderful,' they said.
'I feel as if one of my children has died.'
However it was unclear what their title was when they died.
The heads of more than 192 nations are in New York for the annual gathering at the United Nations Headquarters in Manhattan.
Among them is Nicaraguan president Daniel Ortega. They have vocally criticised the U.S. and defended North Korea and Iran.
They were expected to speak during the gathering.
The USS Ronald Reagan sailed into a South Korean port Saturday following week-long joint naval exercises that North Korea brands a “rehearsal for invasion.”
Rear Adm. Brad Cooper, commander of Naval Forces Korea, said aboard the nuclear- powered aircraft carrier that that the drills enhanced the allies' ability to coordinate operations.
The five-day drills that ended Friday involved fighter jets, helicopters and 40 naval ships and submarines from the two countries training for potential North Korean aggression. In an apparent show of force against North Korea, the United States also sent several of its advanced warplanes, including four F-22 and F-35 fighter jets and two B-1B long-range bombers, for an air show and exhibition in Seoul that began on Tuesday.
“The purpose of those exercises and operations are to enable the combined defense of the Republic of Korea and have them throughout,” Rear Adm. Marc Dalton, U.S. Commander of Carrier Strike Group Five, said, according to Reuters.
“Whether we had any interaction with North Koreans, we had no interaction with any North Korean forces at any point during this exercise,” Reuters quoted Dalton as adding.
The Ronald Reagan and its strike group of ships docked in Busan.
NORTH KOREA CALLS US MILITARY DRILLS NEAR PENINSULA 'REHEARSAL FOR INVASION'
Local South Koreans greeted the sailors in traditional dress, Star and Stripes reported.
There was also a large sign saying “U.S. troops go home” and an accompanying song greeted the sailors at the naval base's front gate, the paper reported.
Jeong Jun-ho, 15, of Busan, jumped out of their family's car to watch the Ronald Reagan pull into port.
“I'm scared about this; I don't like war,” they told Stars and Stripes.
The drills came ahead of President Donald Trump's first official visit to Asia next month that's likely to be overshadowed by tensions with North Korea.
North Korea's official Rodong Sinmun newspaper said Saturday that the latest naval drills have driven the situation of the Korean Peninsula to a "touch-and-go situation" and accused the allies of "getting frantic with the move to start a nuclear war."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The Post-Breakthrough Freakout album is a proud pop-music tradition, one that extends to just about every genre of music. Artists toil in obscurity for years, and then they suddenly find themselves way more famous than they thought they could ever be, and they don't know how to handle it. Sometimes, they spend years actively deciding not to make anything new. Sometimes, they rush it. Most of the time, they move drastically away from whatever made them popular in the first place. Sometimes, these albums are great, and sometimes they're terrible. In Utero is one, and so is To Pimp A Butterfly. The Age Of Adz. Return Of Saturn. The Idlewild soundtrack. Mechanical Animals. Bon Iver, Bon Iver. Radiohead have made something like three of these albums, while it's entirely possible that every Kanye West album fits the category. Arcade Fire managed to get three albums in before making one, but Reflektor is absolutely theirs. Lauryn Hill still hasn't made hers, but if they ever does, it'll be the mother of all of them.
By the standards of these artists, M83 have never even gotten particularly famous. But listening to Junk, Anthony Gonzalez's new one, it's pretty clear that their project is way, way more popular than they ever envisioned. First in a duo with Nicolas Fromageau and then mostly-solo after Fromageau left, Gonzalez was plugging along for years, making epically sweeping '80s-indebted electro-shoegaze music. Their records always sounded grand, but it was theoretical arena music, not music that would ever fill an arena itself. (Gonzalez did play arenas opening for, like, the Killers, but opening-act duty is a different thing.) And then Hurry Up, We're Dreaming happened — or, more accurately, “Midnight City” happened.
Hurry Up, We're Dreaming was a vast, expansive work, a double album that took years to record. And “Midnight City” was all its glories distilled into one single-length rocket blast. “Midnight City” is silly and overwhelming at the same time, ending in that soul-levitating screaming saxophone that felt classic the first time you heard it. The song made M83 into the sort of group where, all of a sudden, cousins and in-laws were asking me about them at family gatherings, which is the final rung an indie band can ascend to before it's no longer an indie band. And after it was out in the world, I get the sense that Gonzalez didn't know what to do. They tried making good on the cinematic qualities of their music by scoring actual cinematic works, but Oblivion, the first movie they scored, turned out to be pretty bad, and the process didn't much agree with him. They went into tinker mode. And five years after Hurry Up, We're Dreaming, Junk is the end result — a Post-Breakthrough Freakout album of the highest order.
M83 have always trafficked in majesty and mystery, so it was a bit of a surprise to see that they'd basically put some Fry Guys on the cover of Junk, that they'd named it Junk, and that first single “Do It, Try It” had all these bold splashes of Chicago-house piano and slap-bass. “Do It, Try It” has some of the old M83 bombast, but it's also a song that luxuriates in its own cheese. As far as the album is concerned, it's merely the tip of the cheeseburg. “Walkway Blues” attempts to sound like Random Access Memories-era Daft Punk attempting to sound like Sade. The instrumental “Moon Crystal” could serve as the soundtrack for a falling-in-love montage from a really, really bad '70s movie. “Laser Gun” has Gone! Team-style cheerleader chants and sci-fi keyboards and Blues Brothers horn-honks. Where the band has always taken inspiration from stuff like John Hughes soundtracks or the sort of Survivor-esque songs that scored training montages in '80s sports movies, Junk dives even deeper into the disrespected genres of the past. It's steeped in '70s AM gold and '80s soft rock. Parts of the album sound like Richard Marx. Other parts sound like the Carpenters. It's a lot to take in.
The Post-Breakthrough Freakout album that Junk most closely resembles is another one from a group that was, in the grand scheme of things, not overwhelmingly popular. It's also another follow-up to a beloved bachelor-pad makeout soundtrack, from another atmospheric, retro-inclined French electronic pop outfit, with another Beck guest spot. I'm talking about 10,000 Hz Legend, the 2001 Moon Safari follow-up from the duo Air. That album ditched its predecessor's luxuriant burble for sci-fi prog frippery, and it stalled Air's momentum and confused a lot of the duo's fans. I expect something similar to happen with Junk. But it won't happen to such an extreme extent, because Junk is a better album than 10,000 Hz Legend, and because it still has more of the things that made people like M83 in the first place.
“Road Blaster,” for example is the sort of surging, overwhelming synth-rock that Gonzalez can seemingly make in their sleep, except that this one has some riotous horn stabs in with all the reaching-into-infinity synth-whooshes. “Atlantique Sud” sounds nothing like old M83, but it's lovely in its own right, with Gonzalez and Mai Lan Chapiron singing a starry-eyed, lovestruck duet over stacked-high strings. (It's usually a good thing when Gonzalez and their collaborators sing in French, as they do frequently on Junk. When their lyrics are in English, we get stuff like, “People love me, though / I'm their new Rambo.”) “For The Kids” is a crushingly pretty soft-rock ballad and a powerful showcase for the Norwegian singer-songwriter Susanne Sundfør. And the six-minute early single “Solitude,” which faded into the background when I first heard it as a standalone song, absolutely devastates in the context of the album. Its strings are vast, suffocating, and beautiful, and Gonzalez gives them plenty of room to breath, opting not to sing for much of the song. When those strings and the progged-out keyboard noodles are going back and forth, it reminds me of one of the long instrumental passages from some old Isaac Hayes masterpiece.
So there are plenty of things to like about Junk. But Gonzalez has always excelled at one thing. Their music, in the past, has made the mundane world around us feel strange and beautiful. A trip to the grocery store to buy chili powder felt like an epic quest into the heart of the sun if you had Saturdays = Youth on your headphones. Junk is an album that consciously refuses to serve that function, and it suffers for it. Gonzalez has instead made something sillier and weirder, something that digs in the refuse pile of pop history — no coincidence that they called it Junk — and finds a few fun toys to play with. Sometimes, these experiments work. Just as often, they don't. And a whole lot of people are going to be left wondering what the fuck Gonzalez was thinking. Maybe that was the whole goal. But as goals go, that's not a particularly admirable one.
Junk is out 4/8 on Mute. Stream it below as a YouTube playlist.
SANTA ROSA, Calif. — Residents of a Northern California community expressed skepticism Thursday about a sheriff's deputy's decision to shoot dead a popular 13-year-old boy who was carrying a pellet gun that looked like an assault rifle.
A preliminary autopsy report released Thursday said Andy Lopez was shot seven times, and the two fatal wounds were in their right hip and the right side of their chest. The final autopsy results won't be ready for several weeks.
A timeline released by Santa Rosa police says those shots were fired within 10 seconds after the deputies' first report of a suspicious person.
Meanwhile, hundreds of people marched more than 3 miles from Santa Rosa City Hall to the field where Andy Lopez was killed Tuesday afternoon. Some lit candles and placed flowers at a makeshift memorial with printed pictures of the victim, stuffed animals and a balloon that read “RIP Andy L.” An Aztec dance performance followed the march.
“It's very tragic and sad. It just happened so quick,” said Noel Nunez, 15, a sophomore at nearby Elsie Allen High School. Still, they said deputies should have been able to tell the difference between a real gun and a replica weapon.
A Sonoma County sheriff's deputy twice told the boy to drop the weapon, but they instead raised it in the deputy's direction, police said at a news conference Wednesday.
“The deputy's mindset was that they were fearful that they were going to be shot,” said Santa Rosa police Lt. Paul Henry, whose agency is investigating the shooting in the suburban town of roughly 170,000 people. It's about 50 miles northwest of San Francisco in California's wine country.
The gun looked just like an AK-47 assault rifle, with a black body and ammunition magazine, and a brown butt and grip. Only after the shooting did deputies realize it was a plastic replica, authorities said.
“Nobody should die for a misunderstanding, especially not a young boy who hasn't even started their life. It's just really sad knowing that,” said Viviany Diaz Agirra Torres, 17. Torres said they wanted to know whether police gave Andy time to put the gun down before opening fire.
Hundreds of community members marched Wednesday night to remember the teen and protest the shooting, chanting “We need justice,” the Press Democrat of Santa Rosa reported.
Police said two deputies were riding in a marked patrol vehicle and were in uniforms when they spotted Andy in a hooded sweatshirt and shorts at 3:14 p.m. Tuesday. Their back was turned toward the deputies, and they did not realize they were a boy.
One of the deputies saw what appeared to be an assault rifle similar to an AK-47 in the teen's left hand. The deputies pulled over and took cover behind one of the vehicle's doors, according to police.
A witness reported seeing the patrol car's overhead emergency lights turn on and hearing the chirp of a siren, police said.
One of the deputies twice ordered Andy to drop the weapon, according to a witness, police said.
The teen was about 20 or 30 feet away from the deputies with their back toward them
The teen was about 20 or 30 feet away from the deputies with their back toward them when they began turning around with what one deputy described as the barrel of the rifle rising up and turning in their direction, police said.
One deputy then fired several rounds, striking the boy at least once, Henry said. They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Investigators said they believe eight rounds were fired. The timeline released by Santa Rosa police says those shots were fired within 10 seconds of the deputies' first report of a suspicious person.
At Wednesday's news conference, Santa Rosa police displayed the pellet gun alongside a real AK-47. The two appeared strikingly similar.
Deputies also found a plastic handgun in the boy's waistband, police said.
The pellet gun did not have an orange-tipped barrel like other replica firearms, including the plastic handgun found in the boy's waistband, police said.
The deputies, who have not been identified, have been placed on administrative leave, which is standard after a shooting, sheriff's officials said.
Assistant Sheriff Lorenzo Duenas told the Press Democrat that the deputy who shot the teen is a 24-year veteran and their partner, who did not fire their weapon, is a new hire.
When people think of ‘beer festivals' and ‘Germany', their minds generally go straight to Oktoberfest, the largest beer festival in the world. But in a country where beer is king – about 5 billion litres of the stuff is produced annually – it's not surprising that hundreds of festivals devoted to beer exist throughout Germany. After living in Germany, I have come to appreciate beer festivals in all of their forms, from local tradition to international gathering. Here's a look at a few favourites:
Stuttgart Cannstatter Volksfest
This massive festival, colloquially known as ‘Wasan' to the locals, is Oktoberfest's largest beer rival. Tracing its origins back to 1818, this festival is a major draw with four million beer enthusiasts visiting each year. Stuttgart, one of Germany's largest cities and known internationally as the birthplace of Mercedes-Benz, is located in the Baden Wurtemburg region of the country, just west of Bavaria. Less touristy than Oktoberfest, but with much of the same charm (think fair rides, lederhosen, and various wursts), Wasan arguably provides a more authentic experience and one in which Germans are not in fact the minority. If you find that you've had you're fill of beer, there are tons in the city to keep you occupied as Stuttgart really is a first rate European city offering a host of unique cultural attractions and outdoor activities.
The Stuttgart Cannstatter Volksfest runs from September 28 to October 14, 2018.
International Berlin Beer Festival
For a city globally recognized as being hip, electic, and international, it's not a shocker that its annual beer fest follows suit. While more traditional German festivals showcase their own local brews, the Berliner Bierfest, in only it's a 16th year, is substantially more diverse, offering 2,000 different beers from all over the world – from the mainstream to microbrews and craft beers. Don't think you'll be able to make it through a stein of each? You're in luck. Organizers now offer a 0.2 litre mini-stein so that beer goers can truly ‘taste the world'. The fest is known by many Berliners simply as the ‘Biermeile' (or Beer Mile) as the beer flows continuously for more than two kilometres, which organizers say makes it the longest beer garden in the world. And you thought drinking a yard of beer was a challenge. Relative to many other German beer festivals, the Biermeile is short but sweet comprising just three days over the first weekend in August.
The International Berlin Beer Festival runs from August 3 to 5, 2018.
Erlangen Bergkirchweih
Like Oktoberfest, the Erlangen Bergkirchweih, or ‘Berg' to locals, is a traditional Bavarian beer festival but on a significantly smaller and more authentic scale. For two weeks in May, around one million people (about ten times the city's population), descend on the festival and its ‘kellers' (aka cellers) which are essentially beer gardens along a hill, extending from street level to above the treeline – which I feel would violate several building codes and drinking laws in Canada. Fortunately, it is perfectly legal in Erlangen and the predominately young, local crowd drink the regional beer from each keller from ceramic steins against the stunning backdrop of tall oak trees. The Berg has a vast history as it was established in 1755, around the time when the brewers used to store their beer in cellers under the hill. Expect to find many similarities to Oktoberfest including locals clad in dirndls and lederhosen, lebkuchenherz (gingerbread heart cookie), and brezel (pretzel – and the largest one I've encountered. Ever). While Erlangen is a smaller town, it is very well located given its close proximity to Nuremburg and easy access to Frankfurt and Munich.
The Erlangen Bergkirchwein runs from the May 17 to 28, 2018.
Bremen Freimarkt
Now moving about 600km north to Bremen, or about an hour south west from Hamburg, is the oldest fair in Germany: the Bremen Freimarkt. While I am certain that this festival has changed substantially in the 1,000 years since its inception, the Freimarkt prides itself on having more carnival rides than any other festival alongside its fantastic market where purveyors of all things food, arts, and craftsmanship offer their goods for sale. Given its close proximity to the North Sea, fish is the main culinary offering with such delicacies as matje herring and smoked eel. While not technically a beer festival, there is enough of an emphasis on German beer to be included here. Now all that's left is to jump on the 150 ft ferris wheel, eat some smoked fish, grab a half litre of Becks and proclaim “Ischa Freimarkt!”.
The Bremen Freimarkt runs from October 19 to November 4, 2018.
Kulmbach Bierwoche
In northern Bavaria, deep in the Bamberg region – a region with the highest concentration of beer manufacturers in the world – something is ‘a brewing'. While this “beer week” is definitely on a smaller scale than the others mentioned, it is the only one that is exclusively beer focused. While the others have side attractions like rides, parades, and the occasional shooting competition, this one is strictly all beer. What a glorious week. A relative newbie on the German beer festival scene, this festival was established in 1939, and today is put on by the renowned brewery, Kulmbacher, whose beer it features, including the Kulminator 28, one of the strongest beers in the world. Located in the Thuringian Forest in the Franconian region, Kulmbach is situated in the northern region of Bavaria and is ideally suited for further travel around Germany.
The Kulmbach Bierwoche runs from July 28 to August 5, 2018.
While the above list is not at all exhaustive, is represents an eclectic mix of beer festival experiences in Germany. While Oktoberfest is the de facto German festival experience that I would gladly do for a third year in a row (see our post here), these alternative festivals have a few things in common: they are more locally oriented and all embrace beer. My type of festival.
German Beer Festival photos courtesy of Flickr: pyanezs, Chasing Donguri, 305x, mac.black.
SK Gaming will miss the SL i-League Season 2 LAN Finals due to Fernando "fer" Alvarenga's ear injury, according to a Twitter chain between SK's Epitácio "TACO" de Melo and HLTV's Petar "Tgwri1s" Milovanovic.
Their withdrawal means that this will be yet another offline event where the back-to-back Major champions are absent. SK did not play in the recent ELEAGUE Finals after being disqualified for mid-season roster changes.
RELATED: Virtus.pro defeat Fnatic 2-0, win ELEAGUE Season 1
SK's slot at the tournament in Nanjing is currently up in the air. The invite list, down to seven teams, now looks as follows:
Astralis
Fnatic
G2 Esports
Team Liquid
Natus Vincere
Ninjas Pyjamas
Virtus.pro
The Chinese and European qualifiers are currently in full swing, while the Americas qualifier has yet to be revealed. EHOME and LGD-Gaming, among others, have progressed to Stage 2 of the Chinese qualifier, where TyLoo and VG.CyberZen await.
In the European qualifier, the first two groups have concluded, with Team Kinguin and GODSENT topping Group A, while Mortal Kombat and ALTERNATE aTTaX topped Group B. Group C is currently underway and will conclude on Aug. 3, while Group D is set to start on Aug. 7.
The SL i-League Season 2 LAN Finals will take place on Sept. 7-11, in the Wutaishan Sports Centre in Nanjing, China.
Eggheads have produced a machine-learning system that has studied millions of passwords used by folks online to work out other passphases people are likely to use.
These AI-guessed passwords could be used with today's tools to crack more hashed passwords, and log into more strangers' accounts on systems, than ever before.
When it comes to cracking a password, you typically start with a hashed version of the passphrase, stolen from a database or similar. Hashed means the password has been encrypted one-way: you can't unscramble it to get the original. Today's tools either brute-force their way through all possible combinations of words and letters (such as AAAAA, AAAAB, AAAAC etc) for a password, calculating a hash for each combo and comparing it to the stolen hash. If they match, there's your password. This is particularly intensive, especially if the hashes are individually salted.
Alternatively, as an optimized approach, a tool can take a dictionary of words and commonly used passwords – as well previously cracked passphrases – and turn them into hashes to check against the stolen hash or hashes.
But what if software could be trained to stay one step ahead and predict the passwords people are going to use, or using right now, based on what they've all done in the past?
A team at the Stevens Institute of Technology in New Jersey, USA, this month produced a paper [PDF] in which they detail how – using a generative adversarial network of two machine learning systems called PassGAN, which train each other – they were able to double the code-cracking skills of open-source tools HashCat and Jack the Ripper – and, more importantly, use this to protect against password-stealing attacks.
The researchers took their machine-learning system and fed it 32,603,388 plain-text passwords taken from the 2010 leak from music site RockYou, and let it work out the rules that people were using to generate their passphrases. It then attempted to use this knowledge to crack a hashed list of passwords taken during the 2016 LinkedIn intrusion.
At first, the AI correctly guessed 46.85 per cent of the RockYou passwords it was trained on – 2,774,269 out of 5,919,936 – and 11.53 per cent of the LinkedIn passwords – 4,996,980 out of 43,354,871. If you exclude from the correctly guessed LinkedIn passwords any passphrases it saw during the RockYou training, the number of correctly generated passwords drops to 3,890,043 or 9.582 per cent. In other words, the AI was able to crack one in ten hashed LinkedIn passwords it had never seen before.
It therefore outperformed John the Ripper, which was able to crack 6.37 per cent of the LinkedIn passwords (and 4.98 per cent of those excluded) and was behind HashCat, which cracked 22.9 per cent and 17.67 per cent respectively. When the neural network software was combined with HashCat, it fared better, as you'd expect, cracking 27 per cent and 22.039 per cent of the leaked account database, respectively. In other words, the AI and HashCat together could crack between one in five and one in four LinkedIn password hashes.
To achieve all this, the PassGAN had to come up with 528,834,530 passwords, HashCat generated 441,357,719, and John the Ripper also 528,834,530. The combined HashCat and AI produced 947,606,924 passphrases.
The team summarized their work thus:
Our experiments show that this approach is very promising. When we evaluated PassGAN on two large password datasets, we were able to outperform John the Ripper's SpyderLab rules by a 2x factor, on average, and we were competitive with the best64 and gen2 rules from HashCat — our results were within a 2x factor from HashCat's rules. More importantly, when we combined the output of PassGAN with the output of HashCat, we were able to match 18%-24% more passwords than HashCat alone. This is remarkable because it shows that PassGAN can generate a considerable number of passwords that are out of reach for current tools.
"Also, our evaluation of training performance suggests that, when supplied with a large enough leaked password set, the performance of PassGAN could surpass that of the best rule-based password generation techniques," they added.
In other words, HashCat is still good. And this early stage AI can fill in the gaps – until it overtakes the well-known tool. ®
For the town in Australia, see Monto, Queensland
Monto was the nickname for the one-time red-light district in Dublin, the capital of Ireland. Monto was roughly the area bounded by Talbot Street, Amiens Street, Gardiner Street and Seán McDermott Street (formerly Gloucester Street). The name is derived from Montgomery Street (now called Foley Street), which runs parallel to the lower end of Talbot Street towards what is now Connolly Station.[1] It was immortalised as "Nighttown" in the "Circe" chapter of James Joyce's famous work, Ulysses, where the central protagonists Leopold Bloom and Stephen Dedalus together visit a brothel.[1]
History [ edit ]
In its heyday from the 1860s - 1920s, there were anything up to 1,600 prostitutes working there at any one time, with all classes of customers catered for. It was reputed to be the biggest red-light district in Europe at the time. Its financial viability was aided by the number of British Army barracks and hence soldiers in the city, notably the Royal Barracks (later Collins Barracks and now one of the locations of Ireland's National Museum).[1]
Monto was also a hive of IRA activity, particularly around the time of the war of independence, with several safe houses for the flying columns which included Phil Shanahan's public house.
The then Prince of Wales, Prince Albert Edward (later King Edward VII), according to popular legend, lost their virginity there. In the 1880s the Prince, accompanied by their wife Alexandra and their son Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence strolled unrecognised through the area, having slipped away from their bodyguards and walked through Dublin.
Between 1923 and 1925, religious missions led by Frank Duff of the Legion of Mary, a Roman Catholic organisation, and Fr. R.S. Devane worked to close down the brothels. They received the co-operation of Dublin Police Commissioner, General William W.R.E. Murphy, and the campaign ended with 120 arrests and the closure of the brothels following a police raid on 12 March 1925, its financial viability having already been seriously undermined by the withdrawal of soldiers from the city following the Anglo-Irish Treaty (December 1921) and the establishment of the Irish Free State (6 December 1922).[1]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The Irish folk song, "Monto (Take Them Up to Monto)", was written by George Desmond Hodnett in 1958 and popularised by The Dubliners several years later. Irish singer Róisín Murphy named their 2016 album Take Them Up to Monto in reference to the song.[2] Monto is also twice mentioned in the Irish folk song "Waxies' Dargle". It is referred to repeatedly in the Pete St. John song "Johnny McGory" (also popularised by The Dubliners). Monto, Frank Duff, and the L.O.M. are also mentioned in the Peter Yeates song "Honor Bright", the story of the 1925 murder of a prostitute (Lizzie O'Neil) who used the pseudonym "Honour Bright".[3] The song is sung at the top of Act Two of The Ferryman by Jez Butterworth as the Carney boys come in from the harvest.
Further reading [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
The growth of women's equality in the workplace continues to advance at a glacial pace, with the World Economic Forum estimating it could take 118 years for the pay gap to close for women around the world.
​More than a quarter of a billion women have entered the workforce in the past 10 years, but progress on closing the gap has stalled, with their pay rising by just three per cent in that period, the forum said in its study of the global gender pay gap.
Women are only now earning the amount that men did in 2006, a global average of $11,000 US, compared with $20,500 US for men.
In Canada, the report estimates the average male earns the equivalent of $40,000 US, while women earn $32,916.
Canada far down ranking
The WEC left Canada out of the top 10 in its global ranking of equality of the sexes — our country comes in at No. 19 — in part because of a very low score over the numbers of women in legislatures and in managerial positions.
The World Economic Forum found that women comprise only 36 per cent of legislators, senior officials and managers in Canada, though data was collected before Prime Minister Justin Trudeau appointed a cabinet that was half female.
It also points to the persistence of the wage gap for women, whose average earnings are 82 per cent of men's earnings. In similar jobs, women earn about 72 per cent of what men earn, the WEF report found.
This gap persists despite very good access to education, with 34 per cent more women than men going on to post-secondary education.
Canada comes in ahead of the United States, which is ranked No. 20, but behind countries such as Iceland, Norway and Finland who come in the top of the rankings.
Board diversity in Canada
That news comes a day after the Canadian Board Diversity Council found that 19.5 per cent of corporate board members of Canada's 500 largest companies are women.
That number is a 2.4-percentage point improvement from 2014 and may indicate that the "comply-and-explain" policies adopted by securities regulators to encourage more diverse boards may be having a difference.
"If this pace of change continues, we will see gender parity at the board level in 13 years, in 2028," Pamela Jeffery, founder of the CBDC, said in their analysis.
Jeffery said diversity on boards of directors helps make company stronger, by providing unique points of view and improving competitiveness.
"It is embarrassing when you think that we're competing globally against companies who have the benefit of diverse teams. Research shows that diverse teams drive better financial performance," Jeffery said in an interview with CBC's The Exchange.
Too many board seats are filled by men looking across the table and asking their colleagues, 'Who do you know?' they said.
Jeffery expressed concern that only half of Canada's 500 largest companies have a plan in place to improve the diversity of their boards. And 109 of those 500 companies have no women on their boards, they said.
Photo: Artist Alan May and myself at an event for the SF Food Bank (photo by Blodwen Tarter)
I wrote "Losing My Religion" a scant 48 hours ago. Much has changed since the publication.
The next morning, I walked into the restaurant and was told that my services would no longer be needed.
I am okay with that. I really want to get involved with either a group looking for franchise concepts or a group currently franchising. I love opening new places, researching local markets and adapting a menu, and teaching staff. I am a great teacher. I am available September 7th.
I got seven death threats and several more promising me that their version of god would punish me. I did not contact the police as I don't think an 85-year-old man from Kentucky is truly going to do god a favor and send me to hell. I think I hit a nerve with a lot of angry believers.
My mother was attacked verbally and in writing. Understand they were battered as well. There were no TV gurus giving advice, no shelters we knew of, and no help from the church for them They did the best they could until finally a minister told them that divorce was okay in their circumstance and then they turned into a LIONESS.
They literally worked three jobs to make sure their five kids were fed and cared for. I have enormous respect for them and blame them for nothing.
I don't blame god either, not any god. I could not blame god any more than I could blame Scarlett O'Hara. Though I have to say I have more respect for Scarlett.
If you read the comments you will see attacks, arguments, flame wars and other ugliness in the name of the gods of the commenters. They came on Twitter and email as well.
There was a huge misconception that it was anger at god that caused my lack of belief. It was not; it was education. I read all the Holy books, I visited the Jehovah's Witness Kingdom Hall and discovered they had a society who just made up answers to everything. How rich must the Watchtower be?
What truly convinced me was the Bible. Read it, cover to cover, and if you can still hold onto 'faith' after that, feel free.
I was writing from the perspective at the time. I am not some damaged angry person holding onto hate. I am a happy productive man who has a great life. I worked very hard to get over it, but I never forgot, not entirely.
My big sister came to my defense with some of the commenters. It made me remember how they used to stand up for me when I was younger. They taught me to read before even kindergarten. They were abused too, we all were, save my eldest brother. Yet despite their alignment with the abuser, I doubt they came out of it unscathed. We no longer know each other and have not spent much time together in decades.
I remembered things about my 'Grandma,' Bob's mother. The few times we stayed there I would find money and bank books hidden in the house. They were a bitter and sour woman. They too are a victim of abuse, and I wonder now if the money was their stash, their hope of getting away someday. They never did.
Every person with an alternative religion tried to convert me, they found me on Facebook, Twitter, email and yes, phone. I was even contacted by a vegan who told me removing meat from my life would remove anger... and also I would have clearer skin.
A few Christians tried to bring me 'back to the fold' telling me that I would be forgiven for my sins against god... no thanks.
And the love and support came from the non-believers and other abused children. Beautiful comments on Twitter and in social media. You want to know those with empathy and love, they are not likely in church.
Near the end of the day, I got a phone call from a dear friend just diagnosed with cancer. No deity gave them cancer to teach them a lesson. They knew better than to ask me to pray for him, but instead asked for positive thoughts which are equally, if not more effective.
And thus my day ended.
David Scharf/Corbis
When immunologist Michel Sadelain launched their first trial of genetically engineered, cancer-fighting T cells in 2007, they struggled to find patients willing to participate. Studies in mice suggested that the approach — isolating and engineering some of a patient's T cells to recognize cancer and then injecting them back — could work. But Sadelain did not blame colleagues for refusing to refer patients. “It does sound like science fiction,” they say. “I've been thinking about this for 25 years, and I still say to myself, ‘What a crazy idea'.”
Since then, early results from Sadelain's and other groups have shown that their ‘crazy idea' can wipe out all signs of leukaemia in some patients for whom conventional treatment has failed. And today, their group at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City struggles to accommodate the many people who ask to be included in trials of the therapy, known as adoptive T-cell transfer.
At the American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting held in San Francisco, California, on 6–9 December, attendees heard dozens of talks and poster presentations on the promise of engineered T cells — commonly called CAR (chimaeric antigen receptor) T cells — for treating leukaemias and lymphomas. The field has been marred by concerns over safety, the difficulties of manufacturing personalized T-cell therapies on a large scale, and how regulators will view the unusual and complicated treatment. But those fears have been quelled for some former sceptics by data showing years of survival in patients who once had just months to live.
“The numbers are pretty stunning,” says Joseph Hedden, an analyst for the London-based market-research firm Datamonitor Healthcare. “Companies have clearly decided that it's worth the pitfalls of how much this therapy is going to cost to develop.”
At least five major pharmaceutical companies have invested in developing CAR-T-cell therapy over the past three years. Such interest from industry is a dramatic turn for a field that once consisted of a handful of academic medical centres. Small biotechnology firms have also sprung up to develop CAR T cells, including Kite Pharmaceuticals of Santa Monica, California, which raised US$127.5 million when it went public in June. And investors pumped $310 million into another CAR-T-cell company, Juno Therapeutics of Seattle, Washington, this year. “There is no doubt there has been a shift,” says Juno chief executive Hans Bishop.
Most of these efforts focus on killing the cancerous, antibody-producing B cells behind some leukaemias and lymphomas. Researchers do this by engineering T cells to recognize a protein on the surface of most B cells — CD19 — and attacking cells that display it (see ‘Call to arms'). Finding proteins that are expressed only on cancer cells can be difficult, and CD19 represents a compromise: the treatment sometimes wipes out all B cells, cancerous and healthy alike, but patients can survive without them.
At the ASH meeting, Sadelain and their colleagues reported that this approach left no signs of cancer in all six patients with lymphoma who were enrolled in one trial. In another presentation, immunologist Carl June of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia showed that targeting CD19 reduced cancer burden in 9 of 23 patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia. In a more aggressive disease called acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, 27 of 30 patients had no signs of cancer after therapy and the CAR T cells remained in their blood two years later.
But studies also highlight the risks of revving up immune responses. In April, at least five CAR-T-cell trials were halted after a series of patient deaths linked to unusually high levels of a protein called interleukin-6, which promotes inflammation, as well as other inflammatory molecules. Interleukin-6 is part of the body's normal response to infection. But the intense immune onslaught launched by CAR T cells can send interleukin-6 levels soaring. The trials resumed after investigators adjusted their protocols to better monitor and treat the problem.
These safety risks, as well as the difficulty of manufacturing CAR T cells, are still putting many drug companies off, says Andrew Baum, the London-based head of global health-care research for Citi, an investment bank headquartered in New York City. “The bulk of the multinationals are standing back and watching, rather than getting engaged here,” they say.
When CAR T cells do reach the market, they will not be cheap. Baum says that some sponsors are tentatively planning to price their therapies higher than bone-marrow transplants, which can exceed $500,000. The cost may be so high, they say, that companies are forced to set up a reimbursement scheme in which they are paid only when a patient benefits from the treatment. Baum estimates that peak sales of CAR-T-cell therapies will reach $10 billion annually, although that amount will depend on what competing therapies emerge and whether the treatment can be extended to other cancers.
For now, Sadelain, a scientific founder of Juno Therapeutics, hopes that the attention from industry will spur the field. They remember their postdoc days, when they struggled to insert genes into T cells and colleagues asked them why they were bothering. “We've never had this kind of investment in the field before,” they say. “It's hard to believe — sometimes I still pinch myself.”
This lady of Princeton, this former Director of Policy Planning for the Department of State at the Obama White House, writes blithely of how the traditions of a thousand year monarchy in Britain as manifested in the Queen's recent Jubilee enables the people of Britain to form a vision of the future and to, as they put it, “fix eyes and hearts on a narrative of hope and purpose – to uplift, rather than distract.” Without belaboring the point that, from where I sit, parties like the Queen's Jubilee are very much intended to distract every bit as much as they are meant to uplift, Professor Slaughter gives the illustration to reinforce the point that to lack such a positive narrative, makes “winning” impossible. They don't say what kind of winning she's talking about, although I find their choice of operative verb to be intriguing. They choose “winning” instead of, say, “advancing” “developing” “becoming” “building” or “succeeding”. More on the curious word choice later.
The upshot on their characterization of the Queen's party as inspirational is that not only do they choose not to call it the obvious propaganda that it is, they write as if oblivious of the fact that they are invoking a symbol of empire. It never apparently occurs to them that the august monarchy they see as providing that “uplifting…positive narrative” was—particularly during the years of empire from the late 15th through the mid 20th centuries—wont to beat untold wealth out of its colonial possessions like a brute master beating work out of a listless slave, while on the home front, the people wearing those very crown jewels and riding in those very carriages Professor Slaughter extols colluded with their captains of industry to ruthlessly exploit the labor of the lower classes throughout the dark and smoke palled industrial revolution. By pointing this out I don't mean to contend that the British people didn't wind up loving their monarchy. They did and do, the damn fools. So yes, I appear to be one of those cynics Professor Slaughter anticipated might call the Queen's Jubilee the “old bread-and-circuses routine.”
I don't think she's so naïve as to think the Queen's party wasn't propaganda. But I do understand why they don't want to seem so cynical herself. She's held an important office in the U.S. empire and so they must not mention such things if they wish to retain their privileged position.
Still, they say something that it seems might get them into hot water with their official connections at State. They ask, “are Greeks, Spaniards, Portuguese, and other Europeans really supposed to embrace an austerity program imposed on them because prevailing wisdom in Germany and other northern countries considers them profligate and lazy?” This is a radical thought because, as the Germans are quick to point out, the Greeks, Spaniards, Portuguese and others borrowed the money and they need to pay it back and the interest too. Hence, Professor Slaughter's statement seems a little rad for two reasons: First, they think the obligation to pay arises from how the Germans see the southerners as profligate and lazy; second, they think the debt ought to be forgiven for that reason. If you'll pardon me, their take on this seems a little naïve, maybe even a little disingenuous. The German cultural impressions of the debtor countries is irrelevant to what the German's see as the duty of those countries to pay and the debt ought to be forgiven because to enforce its payment would press the debtor countries into too much misery.
Next Professor Slaughter gets to the point of their article: the Greeks, Turks and Cypriots could all get a mojo going for the future if they got together and developed their common offshore natural gas reserves. The upshot is that these countries could all profit if they'd find some way, through good faith and diplomacy, to work together in their common interest, and who can disagree with that? Not me.
Still, the essay bugs me. From its tortured imagery through its obliviousness to presence of EMPIRE in everything it discusses to the choice of the word “winning” to describe what the article assumes in the opening paragraph we all want to do. The type of international cooperation the article suggests is essentially the process of working together toward a common good, which I like, and yet Professor Slaughter chooses to characterize that process by applying the word “winning” to it.
What is being won? A positive outcome. If such an outcome were to happen, wouldn't the process really be more one of a building, a creating, a crafting? While the word “win” now is often used as a kind of synonym for things like creating, building or crafting something in the sense that the thing created was won from alternative outcomes that were not so positive, it nonetheless has its roots in contests where entities compete and some win while others lose. Professor Slaughter paints a scenario of Greek-Turkish-Cypriot gas development as a win-win situation, although they ignore the obvious environmental costs of extracting and consuming any fossil fuel.
I can't help but be made uncomfortable by our culture's overweening worship of the idea of “winning” and of Professor Slaughter's use of it in this essay when there were other better words available. It says something about what the deeper problem is in our society, that we compete too much, that we preserve the perquisites of the winner and, to greater or lesser degrees, ignore the difficulties that result to the loser. As a result of that, we get wealth flowing like rivers to the top of our hierarchical society while the lower levels grow pale and anemic.
Professor Slaughter occupies a position high in the hierarchy, close to the headwaters of power. And yet, they would forgive the Greek and Spanish debt. They probably wouldn't be making statements like that if they were still at State. But maybe so. It's enough to suggest some hope.
Advertisement
Capacitance of a capacitor is the ability of capacitor to store an electric charge per unit of voltage across its plates of a capacitor .Capacitance is found by dividing electric charge with voltage by the formula C=Q/V .Its unit is Farad.
Formula
Its formula is given as:
C=Q/V
Where C is capacitance,Q is voltage,and V is voltage.We can also find charge Q and voltage V by rearranging the above formula as:
Q=CV
V=Q/C
Farad is the unit of capacitance.One Farad is the amount of capacitance when one coulomb of charge is stored with one volt across its plates.
Most capacitors that are used in electronics work have capacitance values that are specified in micro farad (µF) and pico farads(pF) .A micro farad is one millionth of a farad, and a pico farad is one trillionth of a farad.
What are the factors that effect the capacitance of capacitor?
It depends on the following factors:
Area of plates
Capacitance is directly proportional to the physical size of the plates as determined by the plate area,A.A larger plate area produces a larger capacitance ,and a smaller capacitance .Fig(a) shows that the plate area of a parallel plate capacitor is the area of one of the plates.If the plates are moved in relation to each other,as shown in fig(b),the overlapping area determines the effective plate area.This variation in effective plate area is the basic for a certain type of variable capacitor.
Plates seperation
`Capacitance is inversely proportional to the distance between the plates.The plate separation is designated d,as shown in fig(a). A greater separation of the plates produces a smaller capacitance ,as illustrated in fig(b).As previously discussed,the breakdown voltage is directly proportional to the plate separation.The further the plates are separated ,the greater the breakdown voltage.
Dielectric Constant of material
As you know,the insulating material between the plates of a capacitor is called the dielectric.Dielectric materials tend to reduce the voltage between plates for a given charge and thus increase the capacitance.If the voltage is fixed ,more charge can be stored due to the presence of a dielectric than can be stored without a dielectric.The measure of a material's ability to establish an electric field is called dielectric constant or relative permittivity,symbolized by ∈ r .
Capacitance is directly proportional to the dielectric constant.The dielectric constant of a vacuum is defined as 1 and that of air is very close to 1.These values are used as a reference,and all other materials have values of ∈r specified with respect to that of a vacuum or air.For example,a material with ∈r=8 can result in a capacitance eight times greater than that of air with all other factors being equal.
The dielectric constant ∈r is dimensionless because it is a relative measure.It is a ratio of the absolute permittivity of a material ,∈r,to the absolute permittivity of a vacuum ,∈ 0 ,as expressed by the following formula:
∈ r =∈/∈ 0
Below given some common dielectric materials and typical dielectric constants for each.Values can vary because they depend on the specific composition of the material.
Material Typical ∈r values
Air 1.0
Teflon 2.0
Paper 2.5
Oil 4.0
Mica 5.0
Glass 7.5
Ceramic 1200
The dielectric constant ∈r is dimensionless because it is a relative measure.It is a ratio of the absolute permittivity of a material ,∈r,to the absolute permittivity of a vacuum ,∈0,as expressed by the following formula:
∈r=∈/∈0
The value of ∈0 is 8.85×10-12 F/m.
Formula of capacitance in terms of physical parameters
You have seen how capacitance is directly related to plate area,A,and the dielectric constant,∈r,and inversely related to plate separation ,d.An exact formula for calculating the capacitance in terms of these three quantities is:
C=A ∈ r ∈/d
where ∈= ∈ r ∈ 0 =∈r(8.85×10-12F/m)
Capacitance of parallel plate capacitor derivation
Consider a parallel plate capacitor.The size of the plate is large and the distance between the plates is very small,so the electric field between the plates is uniform.
The electric field ‘E' between the parallel plate capacitor is:
Capacitance of cylindrical capacitors physics
Consider a cylindrical capacitor of length L,formed by two coaxial cylinders of radii ‘a' and ‘b'.Suppose L >>b ,such that there is no fringing field at the ends of cylinders.
Let ‘q' is the charge in the capacitor and ‘V' is the potential difference between plates.The inner cylinder is positively charged while the outer cylinder is negatively charged.We want to find out the expression of capacitance for the cylindrical capacitor.For this we consider a cylindrical Gaussian surface of radius ‘r' such that a<<b.
If ‘E' is the electric field intensity on any point of the cylindrical Gaussian surface,then by Gauss's law:
If ‘V' is the potential difference between plates,then
This is the relation for the capacitance of a cylindrical capacitor.
Capacitance of a spherical capacitor
Capacitance of an isolated spherical capacitor
External source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capacitance
Staff attack fears over removal of 1916 Easter Rising memorial in Lurgan BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Northern Ireland Housing Executive (NIHE) staff have been warned they could be attacked if they attempt to remove an illegal Easter Rising memorial in Lurgan. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/staff-attack-fears-over-removal-of-1916-easter-rising-memorial-in-lurgan-34550528.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article34550527.ece/c5429/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-03-18_new_17776642_I1.JPG
Email
Northern Ireland Housing Executive (NIHE) staff have been warned they could be attacked if they attempt to remove an illegal Easter Rising memorial in Lurgan.
Anger is growing over the large structure, which consists of eight brick pillars and is intended to remember republicans who died "in the cause of Irish freedom".
It was illegally erected on Housing Executive land to coincide with the centenary of the 1916 revolt against British rule in Ireland.
Social Development Minister Lord Morrow said police told staff they could be attacked if they attempted to take it down.
"The safety of staff and contractors is paramount," they added. "Having consulted with the PSNI the NIHE believes that they could not guarantee their safety if an attempt was made to remove this structure."
The monument, described by Republican Sinn Fein (RSF) as a "memorial garden" is being built in the Lurgantarry estate.
RSF said the site had been "carefully chosen on reclaimed land". However, Lord Morrow said it was on Housing Executive land.
"It has recently been built without planning permission or the approval of the NIHE," they added. "No one approached the Housing Executive seeking permission, and it would not have supported a memorial of this nature. The local Housing Executive office was made aware of the memorial a month ago."
Lord Morrow was responding to an Assembly question from Ulster Unionist MLA Jo-Anne Dobson, who said monuments glorifying terrorism must be challenged. "It's so clear that the ripples of hurt continue for so many families across Northern Ireland," they added. "Monuments like this only further compound that hurt.
"A do-nothing approach sends out entirely the wrong signal. Lurgan has borne the brunt of the acts of republican terrorists and many in the community had hoped that these acts had been confined to the dustbin of history.
"I will be writing to the Secretary of State because if the PSNI can't guarantee the safety of staff to remove this structure, they have a responsibility to step forward."
The structure is in memory of Edward Costello - a Lurgan republican who died during the 1916 Rising - among others
Republican Sinn Fein said: "We hope the completion of this memorial garden will go some way in honouring Ireland's patriot dead."
A similar row broke out over an IRA memorial built without planning permission in Co Tyrone.
The stone monument appeared at Hillview Park estate in Castlederg in 2013 and is still there.
Belfast Telegraph
Francis Fukuyama's thesis that history ended with the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 has exercised a baleful influence upon Western foreign policy. Fukuyama, of course, argued that Western liberal democracy triumphed over communism and fascism and thus constituted the “final form of human government.”
The imposition of a liberal, democratic, norm-based global order appealed across party political lines and found enthusiastic adherents in the United States and among its key allies. Thus, Democrats like Bill Clinton, Tony Blair's New Labour and John Howard's Liberal Coalition government in Australia also promoted, by various means, global democratic peace, as did their twenty first century Republican, Democratic, Conservative and Labour successors. Some, like Blair and Bush, adopted a more abrasive neo-conservative stance. Others were inclined to a more emollient “liberal imperialist” posture that maintained that running the world requires the United States to work closely with allies and international institutions. Regardless, Western political elites and democratic governments subscribed to some version of this project. This progressive cosmopolitan vision prompted interventions, humanitarian or otherwise, in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East in support of what was assumed to be a universal normative orientation.
Even though the long wars in Iraq and Afghanistan exposed the limits of imposing the end of history by military means, the values associated with it lingered on in the wake of the assassination of Osama bin Laden, the brief Arab Spring of 2010 and overthrow of the Gaddafi regime in 2011, sanctioned as it was by the United Nations.
As we discuss in our article in the latest issue of International Affairs, after a quarter of a century it is now possible to assess the effectiveness of this liberal project. Its consequences have been ubiquitously disastrous. The United States has been at war for two out of every three years since 1989 and the world is by no means a safer or more integrated place. Given the evolving chaos in the Middle East and its impact on the stability of Europe, is it possible to envisage an alternative, less costly, and more prudent way to conduct international relations?
History restarted
A 19th century historicism informed Fukuyama's thesis concerning the end of history. Progress occurred via a dialectic and in Fukuyama's account capitalism had triumphed over rival economic models and alternative ideologies. This teleology also implied the prospect of reforming capitalism's more inegalitarian features. History would witness capitalist democracies transformed through their participation in post-national constellations like the United Nations and the European Union. These state-transcending organizations would over time facilitate human rights, transnational justice and economic re-distribution throughout the international system.
In the aftermath of Iraq and Afghanistan, however, this teleology has yielded countervailing consequences. Intractable obstacles have appeared. The recrudescence of identity politics everywhere, Russian irredentism in the Caucasus, civil war in Ukraine, China's emergence as a great but authoritarian power on the world stage, together with continued turmoil in the Middle East and consequent refugee flows, intimates not the end of history but the “revenge of the revisionist powers” and the return of geopolitics. History, after a brief nap, re-awakened, requiring states to reassess how they conduct themselves in an uncertain, anarchical international system where only three verities prevail, namely diplomacy, alliances, and war.
Faced with this changed reality, Western powers and regional institutions appear distracted and weak in the second decade of the 21st century. They are consistently out-maneuvered on the international stage by Russia and China, states with the will to assert their national interests. Thus, while the European Union considered the whole notion of geopolitics old-fashioned, geopolitics is happening on its doorstep.
Why have the United States and Europe lost strategic direction, and can a fragmented West recover its sense of purpose?
The 21st century world is a complex one, not susceptible to universal panaceas, and this should be the point of departure. The acknowledgement of complexity requires a return to realism in statecraft and balance, and order, in world politics rather than the promotion of abstract rights and norms. A prudent foreign policy requires the case-by-case analysis of the merits of intervention and a pragmatic assessment of its practical and moral limitations.
What, we might wonder, beyond pragmatic calculation, would such an interest-based and context-driven approach to foreign policy entail? Furthermore, how would it differ from the utopian vision of international lawyers and democratic peace theorists to fashion a world transformed into a morally acceptable, cosmopolitan, and just transnational order?
Return to reason (of state)
Contemporary understandings of international law discern that a predetermined set of axioms laid down in chapter 7 of the UN charter and developed most recently in the convention of the “responsibility to protect,” adopted by the UN General Assembly in 2009, must be fulfilled to justify the use of force. Preoccupied with an abstract, normative model adjudicated by the United Nations and international lawyers, it has lost sight of the particular and the contingent.
Effective state strategy requires a clear political aim that might deviate from axiomatic norms, especially in conditions of war. The failure of contemporary Western statesmen to address this paradox has led to global strategic confusion. In this context, it is necessary to abandon a failed liberal progressivism, and return instead to an earlier understanding of statecraft that prudently avoided utopian schemes.
Early-modern European political thinkers who defined the modern understanding of sovereignty had much to say about the relationship between the state and force. This statecraft is largely neglected in mainstream studies of international relations. Yet, attending more closely to the early modern theory of reason of state sheds an important light on the practical counsel it might provide modern Western democracies in their efforts to maintain their interests in a durably disordered world.
It was in the context of confessional division and internecine strife that the modern European unitary state emerged unsteadily from the disintegrating chrysalis of the medieval Christian realm. With it arose a new skepticism about morality, law, and order that came to be termed raison d'état, or the “reason of state.” The thinkers who outlined this political project from Niccoló Machiavelli at the start of the 16th century to the Dutch humanist Justus Lipsius at its end were notably wary of abstract moral injunctions when it came to difficult questions of war and governance. Instead they offered a distinctive counsel of prudence when considering the use of force.
Practical 16th-century guides to statecraft offered maxims rather than axioms or “norms” to address difficult cases like war. This understanding afforded practical advice to princes and republics on morality and war. It contrasts dramatically with contemporary international law and its application of a universal moral and legal standard to all cases of the use of force for humanitarian ends.
The return of the Machiavellian moment
It was Machiavelli who first drew attention to the gap between an abstract morality and the virtu required of a state if it wished to survive in a world of uncertainty. This dilemma and how to address it has obvious, but invariably overlooked, contemporary relevance.
In order to preserve the state in a sea of insecurity, rulers need both good counsel and to prepare for war. Significantly, Machiavelli's only political work that waspublished in their lifetime, The Art of War (1521), treated military virtue as a necessary precondition for political or civil virtue. Effective rule, in other words, required a close attention to military strategy.
Machiavelli's views on statecraft have proved controversial. Later étatist thinkers wrote in a cooler style, recognizing that Machiavelli had identified the mystery of statecraft but that it required a more nuanced application to diplomacy. This more restrained style of thought acknowledged the necessity of morally questionable behavior while simultaneously maintaining the virtue of rule for preserving and advancing the common interest.
By the end of the 16th century it was not Machiavelli but the Dutch humanist Justus Lipsius who did most to clarify this practice through a revised understanding of Roman military and political thought adapted to contemporary political needs. They taught the early modern political elite of Europe how to maintain political order and conduct internal and external war in the context of mounting confessional strife, or what we might term today politically religious or sectarian conflict. What does such counsel involve and how might it apply to contemporary statecraft?
Statecraft and Necessity
Early modern realist advice on statecraft reflected the extreme political and religious violence that devastated Europe between 1580 and 1648. This context in some ways resembles those political predicaments facing the major Western nations in the second decade of the 21st century.
In this developing idiom of statecraft, political acts were represented in terms more powerfully persuasive than justice – namely, necessity and prudence. These accept the potential for the dissolution of universal moral norms into different and sometimes competing spheres of life.
Because of its pejorative characterization as preoccupied entirely with the deliberations of government and its darker arts, this approach to rule is frequently misunderstood because that English phrase “reason of state” is an inadequate translation of the French raison and Italian ragioni. This is unfortunate because it obscures the fact that in French and Italian the phrase implies a guiding concern with the actual right of the state as the appropriate structure to preserve and sustain the common interest.
The right of the state may be expressed in terms of both the right of the state's survival and the conditions for preserving or developing civic and military virtue. Such a realist understanding evinces an acute concern both with the presentation of policy that reflects the prevailing conventions of diplomacy, and a less obvious concern with the deliberation amongst the prince's counselors directed to the maintenance of the state's “right“ and its capacity to facilitate a condition of civic order and public morality.
Hence, as Lipsius averred, mixed prudence and virtue are the two principal drivers of political life, but prudence is the rudder that guides the virtues. In particular, the notion of mixed prudence offers insight into cases of war or peace and the state's right in such decisions. Here, history and experience, rather than abstract norms, play a central role in determining a prudent course. Indeed, as Lipsius wrote, “history is the fount from which political and prudential choosing flows.”
Since the end of the Cold War, such a mixed prudential view of international politics has been honored only in the breach both by U.S. and European governments and their idealist critics. By contrast, the wise counselor to early modern monarchs recognized the danger of presenting actions in overly idealistic terms that could lead to a damaging loss of credibility. To give an example, the EU's aspiration to expand its influence up to the border of Russia, undoubtedly fueled Putin's reclamation of the Crimea and the Ukrainian war. Here, clearly, “the pretence” of idealism often “ignites the fires of strife” across Europe. A wise “prince” in such circumstances would prefer the mixed prudential application of the material of deliberation to the requirements of presentation. With troubling cases like Syria, Crimea and Ukraine, a wise prince would recognize that they “must do not what is beautiful to say, but what is necessary in practice.”
Conclusion
A 16th century realist would be astonished at how little prepared current statesmen in the United States and Europe are for war. Lacking knowledge of military prudence this, political class is unlikely to deliberate slowly over the reasons for the use of force or the outcome of using force. Lack of attention to history leads to the problems encountered in Syria and Iraq and a failure to appreciate, for example, either Russia's long-term strategic interest in Eastern Europe and Caucasus or China's in the South China Sea.
Ultimately, an appreciation of the national interest and how it may be maintained is premised on the state's right to self-defense. In the disordered world of states, para-states, and failed states, policies based on an abstraction like the “international community” cannot achieve coherence, let alone order. Inter-state political diplomacy requires the abandonment of a failed utopian moral universalism and the return to a realist appreciation of history, past precedent, and state interest.
David Martin Jones is Associate Professor in the School of Politics and International Studies, University of Queensland. M.L.R. Smith is Professor of Strategic Theory in the Department of War Studies, King's College, University of London. This article is adapted from their article in the issue of the latest International Affairs, “Return to reason: reviving political realism in western foreign policy.”
Note – this article has been updated and published here.
One of the ongoing memes, tropes and fabrications of the vaccine deniers is somehow, somewhere, in some Big Pharma boardroom, a group of men and women in suits choose the next vaccine in some magical way, and foist it upon the world just to make billions of dollars. And while magically concocting the vaccine brew, these pharmaceutical execs ignore ethics and morals just to make excessive vaccine profits from hapless vaccine-injured victims worldwide.
The Big Pharma vaccine profits conspiracy trope ranges across the junk medicine world. Homeopathy, for example, claims that Big Pharma suppresses the data that shows water cures all diseases. Like Ebola.
A new article published in Health Affairs (pdf) examined the actual costs of vaccine-preventable diseases. The Big Pharma vaccine profits conspiracy is still one of most amusing myths of the antivaccination world, because clearly the best economic choice for Big Pharma would be to provide medications and devices for those who are stricken by these diseases.
Myths about vaccine profits
The vaccine deniers pollute the internet with their screeds about the Big Pharma vaccine profits. One of them said, “measles expert Offit has already made millions of dollars profit from their ties to vaccines and the measles MMR vaccine maker Merck.” Using a childish ad hominem, the article calls him, Dr. Paul “For Profit” Offit. Seriously, that's how you're going to “prove” that vaccines are a Big Pharma conspiracy? A 3rd grade playground tease? That's the best you can do.
You can find whole threads of tedious commentary about Big Pharma vaccine profits on any typical anti-vaccine forum. One of the more illogical claims is that “maybe vax companies see vaccines as more of an investment? Break mostly even on what the vaxes cost to make and sell, but make a bank load of money on treating all the chronic problems they cause!”
Of course, that would be a business strategy that would be laughed out of the secret Big Pharma boardroom, because they know that vaccines don't cause chronic problems. The vaccines prevent it.
What is infuriating about these antivaccine rants is that not only is their scientific knowledge lacking, so is their business knowledge. Of course, I shouldn't be surprised given that almost all vaccine deniers exhibit the same characteristic–a few hours googling is equivalent to a Ph.D., or, in this case, and an MBA.
Are vaccines really profitable?
It would be difficult for me to actually claim that vaccines are not highly profitable. They are an important source of both income and profit.
But here are some facts that might temper your expectations that vaccines are that valuable:
But even though vaccine revenues are a tiny percentage of Big Pharma revenues, it is still a huge number, there's no debating that point. And new companies are entering the vaccine market, because as new vaccines are developed and as more adults get vaccinated, the market growth of vaccines is substantially higher than other pharmaceuticals.
The worldwide revenue growth rate for all pharmaceuticals is around 6-7% per year, but around 10-15% per year for vaccines. Now, this type of growth rate will not last forever, because eventually the market becomes saturated, and much of the growth will be in lesser developed countries, where the market value for vaccines is substantially less than in developed countries.
Let's look at that US$59.2 billion in worldwide vaccine revenues more carefully. All of the numbers below are in billions of US dollars and were estimated based upon Vaccines: Expert Consult (page 41).
Revenues 59.2 Cost of goods sold (manufacturing, distribution, returns) 18.9 Gross margin (often called gross profit) 40.3 Administration (corporate overhead) 4.1 Sales and marketing 10.1 Net profit 26.1 Research & Development 6.5 Taxes 10.4 Depreciation 2.7 True profits 6.5
So vaccines generate about US$26.1 billion in “net profits,” or about 43.8% of revenue. Most non-vaccine pharmaceuticals would generate about US$27.4 billion in net profit, or 46.3%, from that same level of revenue – therefore, vaccines actually produce around 5% less profits per revenue dollar than do other pharmaceuticals. One of important parameters of a well run business is the amount of net profit generated by every dollar in sales, and vaccines aren't quite as profitable as other pharmaceuticals.
This lower profit for vaccines is because non-vaccine pharmaceuticals have a lower cost of goods as a result of fewer returns due to spoilage and change in antigens (like from flu season to flu season). Regular pharmaceutical products rarely change from year to year, so something manufactured in 2013 can be sold in 2014 as long as it still has shelf life remaining. Moreover, distribution is a lot more expensive for vaccines, because they need to be shipped more carefully (which is much more expensive) to prevent spoilage.
Analysis of Big Pharma vaccine profits
Still, US$26.1 billion in net profits sounds like a boatload of cash, but let's see what happens to that boatload.
When all is said and done, that that US$59.2 billion Big Pharma vaccine revenue shrinks to around US$6.5 billion in actual vaccine profits (or US$29.6 billion when stated in the accounting term of EBIDTA, for those finance nerds).
It may actually be quite a bit less, because I'm ignoring things like cost of risk capital (even though Big Pharma is mostly self funded, it's not always so, and if that capital could make more money invested in gold or something, it's a lost opportunity). Given this level of profit, and spread over 50 or so vaccines, it's hard to imagine that Big Pharma executives are sitting in that Boardroom laughing at how they're printing cash and storing gold bars because of vaccines.
Just for some additional perspective about Big Pharma efforts – Lipitor, probably the #1 drug in revenues ever, sold US$10 billion worldwide in 2011. That's one drug, with one type of manufacturing facility. In just a few locations. Those Big Pharma execs would rather have Lipitor once or twice over than vaccines.
Are vaccines a good business strategy?
Going back to the laughing, unethical Big Pharma executives sitting in their boardroom, are they really conspiring to push vaccines on us, because it makes so much money? Or, as we saw above, would investing in another kind of medication make more money? Or would they make more money not even selling vaccines?
Let's take an example of just one infectious disease, measles. According to the CDC, one hospitalization for a serious measles complication costs more than US$142 thousand. Typical cost breakdown of hospital billing indicates that pharmaceuticals and other consumables (syringes, IV's, saline, etc.) are around 35-40% of the total cost to the patient (see Note 1).
So, just one serious case of measles, Big Pharma could get up to US$56,000 per patient. How much is one dose of MMR vaccine to prevent measles? Just over $20. They would need to sell 2800 vaccine doses just to match the revenue from one serious ICU case of measles.
Let's assume that Big Pharma ended production of all vaccines today, because the evil Big Pharma execs wanted rapidly increase their profits. According to the CDC (pdf), there are about 4 million births in the USA every year. Starting today, those 4 million children annually will not be vaccinated because Big Pharma, being ultimately evil and immoral, stop researching and manufacturing vaccines. Of course, the vaccine deniers will be dancing in the streets. But it's not just 4 million new children. Being conservative, let's say another 3 million children won't receive booster shots, because, once again, Big Pharma quit selling vaccines.
And we need to look at the inpatient and outpatient costs for some diseases that are exclusive to adults, like flu, HPV, and hepatitis A
Let's look at the hospitalization rate for those 7 million children, along with susceptible adults, for every single vaccine preventable disease:
Of course, this is an imaginary scenario where everyone stops vaccinating because Evil Big Pharma stops manufacturing vaccines on one day, because they could make more profits (see Notes 2 & 3).
Outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics would soon occur within the first 1-2 years after we end vaccination. Based on information developed by the CDC and others, the total worldwide medical economic burden if we suddenly ended vaccines would nearly US$59 billion (and this ignores flu pandemics that might suddenly ravish the pediatric population).
If we stick with the estimate that about 40% of the cost of hospitalizations will fall to Big Pharma, then they would make about $20 billion a year, worldwide, from not vaccinating. But remember, most vaccines are given, at most, 2-3 times, so, long-term, the revenues derived from vaccines is rather flat, unless new diseases are prevented. But, the revenues from the diseases themselves repeat every single year, and possibly multiple times per child.
And most of the products used to treat these diseases don't require the research and capital investment that vaccines require. In other words, the income derived from vaccine preventable diseases would be more profitable than vaccines.
If we really believe that Big Pharma executives are greedy sociopaths looking for more money, then we have to carry that descriptive to it's logical end. They would be ending vaccines tomorrow. Maybe today, if it's not too late.
But there's more
Actually there are other issues that become problematic if we suddenly had this size of an epidemic. For example, the number of ICU beds per capita has dropped by 75% since the 1960's partially as a result of the reduction in numbers of children with infectious diseases.
If we suddenly stopped vaccinating because Big Pharma wanted to make billions more profits, our hospitals would be overwhelmed. And guess who's making money then. Big Mortuary. Because children will die in much higher rates than in the 1950's because we couldn't handle it.
And I'm ignoring all of the other burdens to modern countries if this happened. Parents who are unable to work, so productivity losses. There are ong term healthcare costs for children who are seriously injured by these diseases. Emotional stress. Overwhelmed hospitals that can't treat other chronic conditions. Even countries that have superior healthcare systems would collapse under the strain.
So, all of you people at Age of lying about Autism, how much money are YOU receiving from Big Pharma to create the illusion that vaccines are dangerous. Because, now that I have uncovered the real goal of Big Pharma–get rid of vaccines.
Yes, you vaccine deniers are the real shills for Big Pharma. How unethical can you be, sacrificing the lives and health of children for a few dollars from Big Pharma?
And I haven't gotten to Big Iron Lung who has waited 60 years for the chance to get back into the game. I bet they've been investing in shills to push lies about polio vaccines.
I'm not naive. I know that pharmaceutical companies manufacture vaccines because they are able to make a decent profit, the goal of any corporation. But the profits are used not to buy gold bars to give as gifts to executives (or to pay me), but most of it is plowed into future generations of better drugs and devices.
They are not trying to harm humanity, because if they were ruthlessly profit motivated, like the narrative pushed by the science denying antivaccination crowd, Big Pharma would close down vaccine research and manufacturing, and wait a year for huge epidemics.
Is Big Pharma perfect? Hell no, and I've said it before.
But vaccines save lives. And Big Pharma makes sure that happens, despite the trope regarding vaccine profits. And that make that happen, despite the better profit scenario of not making one single vaccine.
Notes
Determining cost breakdowns of hospital bills is a complex, bewildering, and frustrating process. I used the conservative estimates of Ozawa et al., who developed inpatient and outpatient along with medication costs for each vaccine preventable disease. The data for this chart was adapted from a CDC study of the Vaccines for Children Program, which I have discussed previously. It only includes data for vaccines on the current schedule for babies and infants, and does not include other vaccines such as for HPV and meningitis. The estimates use the CDC estimate of 4 million live births per year in the USA. The data does not include other costs, like lost income for caretakers, pre-hospitalization costs (which is listed in the CDC study), or death. Big Mortuary would surely profit from the 40,000 deaths a year that would suddenly be added to the cost of eliminating vaccines. Flu data was adapted from here and here.
Key citations:
Editor's note: The original version article was published in November 2015. This new version is based on new market research data. It has also been updated to improve readability and to add some new research into the burden of vaccine preventable diseases. The calculations for those costs have also been revised.
Related
The Original Skeptical Raptor Lifetime lover of science, especially biomedical research. Spent years in academics, business development, research, and traveling the world shilling for Big Pharma. I love sports, mostly college basketball and football, hockey, and baseball. I enjoy great food and intelligent conversation. And a delicious morning coffee!
Please help me out by Tweeting out this article or posting it to your favorite Facebook group.There are two ways you can help support this blog. First, you can use Patreon by clicking on the link below. It allows you to set up a monthly donation, which will go a long way to supporting the Skeptical RaptorFinally, you can also purchase anything on Amazon, and a small portion of each purchase goes to this website. Just click below, and shop for everything.
EVWORLDwire
PHOTO CAPTION: Toyota i-Road is a new class of electric vehicle designed for urban operations.
EVs Will Be $334 Billion Business in Ten Years
But it won't necessarily be in the form of electric passenger cars, forecasts IDTechEx's chairperson, Dr. Peter Harrop.
Published: 12-Dec-2013
When we think about the growth of the EV world, most of us tend of think cars and some of us, two-wheelers like ebikes and electric motorscooter and motorcycles. Dr. Peter Harrop has always looked deeper below the surface at where the real money is being made in making, selling and servicing electric vehicles. Their firm's latest report forecasts an eventual global market worth $334SUS billion by 2023 and most of that hardware won't be sitting in people's garages. It will be laboring away in warehouses in the form of electric forklifts. Working at sea in an increasingly electrified marine fleet. Prowling the air as electric drones, and maneuvering city streets as electric buses.
The key economic quotient for all these vehicles is that they are purchased on what IDTechEx calls "Total Cost of Ownership" [TCO], as well as on performance. Whereas consumers are often stymied by the higher up front purchase price of EVs, businesses and government consider the total cost of owning and operating such vehicles, which usually are less than their fossil fuel-powered counterparts.
The one consumer-centric automotive arena that is starting to encroach on traditional car sales is the emergence of mini-EVs that are homologated as quadricycles and not cars, which makes them simpler and cheaper. The market for such vehicles in the Philippines alone is enormous, potentially replacing more than 3 million polluting three-wheeled taxis.
Views :3291
RELATED NEWS ITEMS
READER COMMENTS
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Illegal drugs have a surprising new victim: ecologically important lands in Central America, where criminal activities associated with the drug trade are wreaking havoc, scientists report.
It has long been known that rain forests are often cleared to grow coca for cocaine, but a new paper in the journal Science warns that the business of transporting illegal drugs and laundering the proceeds is contributing to deforestation, too.
Traffickers build landing strips and roads in the forest to move their product, the new research finds. Some traffickers bribe officials to look the other way, then buy up local land to convert it into palm oil plantations and ranching operations as a way of laundering drug money.
"There are profound ecological impacts in trafficking corridors," says Kendra McSweeney, lead author of the new paper, which was published Thursday.
McSweeney studies conservation and the interactions between people and the environment at Ohio State University and went to Honduras in 2011 to study how indigenous communities respond to climate change.
Instead, they were struck by "rapid rates of forest loss, over massive areas in the heart of protected areas.
"We wondered who had the money and impunity to do that, and when we looked into it we found that the answer was narco-traffickers," says McSweeney, who was conducting their research on a National Geographic grant. "The flow of drugs through the region resulted in ecological devastation."
They were quick to point out that deforestation in Latin America has many causes, including impacts from development projects such as dams and roads, pressure to convert forest into farmland, illegal logging, and urban sprawl.
"But what we were seeing was over and above that, it was literally deforestation on drugs," they say, in that drug trafficking was accelerating forest-clearing.
Linking Degradation and Drugs
In their paper, McSweeney and colleagues from several universities in the U.S. and Germany note that deforestation rates have been particularly high in parts of Honduras, Guatemala, and Nicaragua, especially in the Caribbean lowlands.
The Central American region is host to rich biodiversity and is sparsely populated, making in an attractive route for smuggling drugs from South America, where the drugs are grown, to the U.S., where they are consumed.
Forest loss at the hands of narco-traffickers provoked UNESCO to list Honduras's Río Plátano Biosphere Reserve as a "World Heritage in Danger" in 2011, the scientists write.
In Guatemala's Peten region, rising drug trafficking activities are correlated with rising deforestation rates. Those activities include construction of large ranches owned by cartels inside Laguna del Tigre National Park.
The presence of well-funded and potentially violent criminals has also inhibited the conservation work of government officials, scientists, environmental groups, and indigenous groups, the scientists say.
The United Nations and international development agencies have also pulled workers from the region because it's too dangerous.
"Conservation groups have spent tremendous amounts of money on protecting Central American biodiversity, and it's being undone," McSweeney says.
Without that conservation infrastructure, there's little defense against illegal loggers and poachers.
The effects of drug trafficking have even been felt in relatively stable Costa Rica, where there's strong government support for conservation. Last May, a 26-year-old sea turtle conservationist, Jairo Mora Sandoval, was beaten and strangled to death after patrolling a Caribbean beach at night for egg poachers.
The incident attracted widespread international attention, and many in the environmental and law enforcement communities have theorized that the crime was linked to drug traffickers.
Rethinking Drug Policy
McSweeney says their research should spur scientists to think differently about the illegal drug trade.
"Natural scientists have for a long time felt that drug policy has nothing to do with them, but we need them to join the conversation," they say.
In their paper, the scientists argue that rethinking the war on drugs could yield important ecological benefits.
"Standard approaches to the war on drugs since [President] Nixon declared it [in the 1970s] have been an utter failure," McSweeney argues. (Related: "Pictures: The Energy Drain of Recreational Drugs.")
"By focusing on militarized, supply-side policies and drug crop eradication," they say, "U.S. drug policy has caused spectacular human and ecological misery in countries to our south."
A British anti-drug-war advocacy group called Count the Costs says that ongoing systematic eradication of drug crops, often by spraying chemicals from the sky, "leaves a catalogue of environmental harms in its wake."
The group cites harm to wild plants and animals, livestock, and people. And it says that such attempts at eradication often end up leading to more deforestation, because farmers just move their operations to other plots of land, sometimes in protected areas.
Other scientists are more reluctant to wade into the contentious debate around public policy on illegal drugs, perhaps because of mixed public opinion.
McSweeney says that when it comes to reforming drug policy, "there are no clear answers."
But they urge increased focus on reducing demand and the consideration of restricted legalization, "particularly for softer drugs like marijuana that are the bread and butter for trafficking organizations.
"That hits their bottom line," they say, "and reduces their ability to corrupt officials and launder money through forest destruction."
In absolute terms, the citizens of Turkey deserve visa-free access to the EU—much like close EU neighbors such as Serbia or faraway countries like Paraguay already enjoy—due to the intensity of trade, financial, and human exchanges between the EU and its southeastern neighbor. And the EU has a distinct interest in easing the flow of Turkish students, academics, cultural operators, and businesspeople because doing so would enhance the EU's cultural, educational and trade interests.
But at this point in time, the issue is different: German Chancellor Angela Merkel has prompted European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and their fellow European commissioners to trade visas for refugees. On March 18, Brussels and Ankara agreed to a deal that aims to stem the flow of migrants from Turkey to the EU and promises among other things to lift the visa requirements for Turkish citizens entering the EU, provided Ankara meets the 72 standard technical conditions. With this agreement, EU leaders imprudently launched themselves into bazaar diplomacy and, worse, omitted to factor in the transparent and predictable workings of Turkey's domestic politics.
Marc Pierini Pierini is a visiting scholar at Carnegie Europe, where their research focuses on developments in the Middle East and Turkey from a European perspective. More > @MarcPierini1
When the EU-Turkey deal hits its first crucial deadline on visas on May 4, this unusual diplomatic bargain—beyond being fairly immoral for refugees and illegal in terms of EU and international law—is at risk of falling apart for two reasons.
The first reason is that the EU's offer came after a dramatic year that saw close to 1 million refugees cross into the EU, most of them via Turkey, where traffickers were noticeably unchecked by the authorities. The year 2015 was also one in which populist and extreme-right political forces rose in many European countries, coming to power in some and getting closer to it in others. With many more elections and a British referendum on EU membership on the horizon, it is hardly a propitious moment for visa liberalization.
The second reason for the deal's potential collapse is the assertive attitude of the Turkish leadership. EU leaders—call them naive or bent on realpolitik—thought they were partnering with Ankara in a mutually beneficial deal, but it is not quite so. Admittedly, they were blackmailed on October 5 with a threat to open the refugee floodgates if the EU did not institute a visa-free regime for Turkish citizens. Can European politicians afford such hostile treatment as a matter of routine? Do they want to run the resulting political risks at home?
Some confident observers say that the Turkish leadership will mellow at some future point because the state needs the €3 billion ($3.4 billion)—or, potentially, €6 billion ($6.8 billion)—that the EU has promised and because it cannot afford to deliberately send busloads of refugees onto the highway to Bulgaria as Sofia would close the border immediately. Or, other optimists say, Ankara cannot afford to disappoint the Turkish public and would ultimately settle for a partial deal that grants certain categories of Turkish citizens visa-free access or limits the deal to certain countries in the EU's passport-free Schengen Area.
This view ignores the Turkish politics of the issue. Given the current political climate in Turkey—where the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) regained its parliamentary majority in the November 2015 election after a major vote swing on the back of a campaign focused on security and nationalism—the refugees-for-visas deal is a true win-win proposition for the leadership. Should the deal be 100 percent honored, with Turks gaining a full visa-free regime, this would be a triumph for Ankara after years of frustration on the accession track. Should the deal fall through or be only partly respected, even if the reason is Turkey's noncompliance with EU conditionality, the nationalist narrative will be rolled out: “See the EU's true face, not honoring its promises!”
It will be no wonder, then, if in the coming weeks and months, EU leaders are dragged through the mud in the heavily controlled Turkish media. No wonder if European populists and extreme-right parties profit from this situation. The EU's international image will be further tarnished, and domestic politics will bear the brunt of the damage in a number of European countries.
The Turkish win-win might not last forever, though. Given the Turkish leadership's fast-deteriorating record on the rule of law, its propensity to meddle openly in the exercise of fundamental freedoms in the EU, its decision to deny Turkey's Kurds a peaceful outcome of the current crisis, and its ambivalent record on fighting the self-styled Islamic State in Syria, no one should be surprised if the political mood in Brussels, London, Paris, and even Berlin turns sour with Ankara.
In recent months, I have often been told that my analyses did not offer an alternative way out of the current EU-Turkey entanglement. It is true that the refugee crisis was one of those instances in which decisionmakers have a choice only between a bad and a worse option. But diplomacy is also the art of looking beyond the horizon to avoid getting trapped in an even worse situation.
Given the complex parameters of the current crisis, EU leaders would be well advised to focus on five key areas.
First, they should keep monitoring how EU funds for Syrian refugees are spent, as there is inevitably a request from Turkey to manage these funds by itself, which would lead to further politicization of the program.
Second, EU leaders should manage the visa liberalization issue with strict respect for EU procedures and conditions, because other countries such as Ukraine or Georgia that are currently engaged in similar negotiations will be keen to ensure fair treatment.
Third, the EU should leave Turkey's accession process on the back burner, otherwise the entire issue of visa liberalization will become untenable in the EU. Linking Turkey's refugee controls to the opening of accession negotiation chapters is a deadly trap for the EU, because it amounts to exonerating Turkey from the EU's political criteria for membership. By making progress on accession contingent on Turkey's refugee containment policy, Brussels has given Ankara massive leverage.
Fourth, EU leaders should focus on revamping the EU-Turkey Customs Union and foster investment, as discussed recently in Istanbul.
Finally, the EU should go back to defending fundamental liberties in Turkey, and prevent Turkey to keep meddling in the exercise of freedom of speech in European countries.
Back in November, the St. Louis Cardinals were rumored to have interest in free-agent starter Jon Lester. There were rumors of a Cardinals-Lester meeting, but the in-person get-together never occurred. Nonetheless, if Buster Olney is to be believed, it appears as if the Cardinals' interest in the lefthander was a bit more than due diligence. Apparently the the Cardinals shared with Team Lester just how wide they were willing to open DeWallet:
In STL's talks with Lester, indicated willingness to discuss something in $120m range, no higher. Gives some idea of payroll mindset now. — Buster Olney (@Buster_ESPN) January 12, 2015
This report redefines general manager John Mozeliak's professed opportunism.
The Cardinals have money to spend. Of course, we already knew that. Chairman Bill DeWitt shared as much in the aftermath of the Cardinals' 4-1 NLCS loss to the Giants. The Cardinals brass puts together three- and five-year payroll plans. They're soft plans, allowing for some flexibility as need dictates. As of October, the Cardinals' three-to-five-year plan was to increase payroll into the $130 million range in order to accommodate the increasing price tags for the club's homegrown talent.
Things have changed since then. Oscar Taveras died in a car accident. The Cards traded Shelby Miller (and Tyrell Jenkins) for Jason Heyward (and Jordan Walden). It appears as if ownership and the front office are willing to accelerate the timetable for increasing payroll—at least if the player and price are right.
Olney's tweet summarizing the Cardinals' negotiations with Lester—and I feel comfortable calling them negotiations if one side is disclosing its best and final offer—gives us an indication of is just how much the Cards are able to spend on a player they view as a good fit. It would appear that the Cardinals were willing to go to a $24 million average annual value (if the salary parameters were in reference to a five-year deal) or a $20 million average annual salary (on a six-year deal). That's a hefty payroll increase in 2015 and beyond.
Why spend that much for Lester? First, they would provide them with a high quantity of quality innings (i.e., he's a good pitcher). Second, he's a lefty. And, according to FOX's Ken Rosenthal and Jon Morosi, the Cardinals feel a lefty would be the best fit for the righty-heavy rotation:
The Cardinals' preference, according to sources, is to add another left-hander; hence, their interest in Hamels and Price.
Despite the club's belief that a Ned Flanders type best suits the rotation, St. Louis wisely bowed out of the bidding and allowed the Cubs to sign the 31-year-old to a six-year contract worth $155 million. With Lester in Chicago, it appears the Redbirds have moved on to targeting southpaw trade targets.
While the rumors regarding the Mizzou alumnus refuse to die, the seriousness of the Cards' interest in free-agent righty Max Scherzer is difficult to discern. $120 million isn't going to net the former AL Cy Young award winner; Scherzer is reportedly targeting a $200 million payday. Would the Cardinals recalibrate their highest offer to net Scherzer? It seems unlikely, but so did a $120 million bid for Lester in November.
Normally we have to wait longer for details regarding failed contract negotiations to leak. Olney's tweet coming with free agents still on the market offers us an intriguing bit of information regarding the Cardinals' offseason activity, both past and that which is ongoing and might yet occur. DeWallet is open, to an extent. The Cardinals' "opportunistic" approach appears to be much more aggressive than Mozeliak would have us believe.
Is all that Tinder swiping getting you nowhere? eHarmony matches not so harmonious? Alas, one self-described "6'4" passionate business person" wants you to back away from the dating apps and accompany them on a three-day trip to anywhere in the world you'd like to go. But wait! There's a catch. (The catch is the guy.)
Tired of being soulmate-free in their whirlwind life of traveling the world and almost definitely telling as many people as possible about it, Denver resident Nathaniel Rifkin recently made the brave decision to take matters into their own hands. And thus, ShouldYouDateNate.com was born: a single web page littered with stock photos and featuring 3,000 words (he notes feeling suffocated by Tinder's 500-character limit on bios) describing their many...quirks, as well as all of the hyper-specific qualities he's looking for in a girlfriend. Ladies, get ready to swoon.
Our journey begins with a three-minute video of embarrassingly high-production quality. Nate, pairing their white V-neck tee with a surprising lack of fedoras, gives their potential baes the rundown between black-and-white shots of Very Candid Laughter.
First of all, Nate is a 31-year-old "passionate business guy" and, like most zero other Colorado residents, moved west after seeing the 1994 classic Dumb and Dumber. He's into meditation and women who "like to engage their intellect." (Ever notice how any guy who specifies that they like "smart women" often believe that women, in general, are not very smart?) Anyway, don't worry, they know their website is embarrassing, so at least there's that.
Appealingly, Nate notes that their "social life has gone to hell," and they "abhors the stuff 95% of the population obsesses over." They have no time for social media, sports, music, and TV, and they will definitely shame you if you actually care about that "drivel." Lucky you! Approved topics of conversation while dating Nate include "the rich experiences we've had in life…how we've evolved as a result…and the ways we're sculpting our futures." Noted!
As for what he's looking for in a woman, Nate isn't picky. Really! They just wants "someone who is intelligent, healthy, happy, ambitious, spiritual, and has a good sense of humor"; is between the ages of 22 and 35; and has "a slender, healthy body, a reasonably slim waist, and a very pretty face." But even if that describes you to a T, you can't date Nate unless you also hate partying and Diet Coke (what?), exercise regularly, don't watch reality TV, definitely don't write about said reality TV on Facebook, and worship capitalism. Confused about that last one's appeal? Well, folks, it's listed because Nate dreamily describes themselves as a "bonafide greedy capitalist pig." If you match every single one of these easily attainable qualifications, you "sound like heaven" to Nate.
Shouldyoudatenate.com
Nate-aholics can apply to be their dream date — or, at least, to win an all-expenses-paid trip to a location of your choice for three days — on ShouldYouDateNate.com by writing them an "exciting message" in the provided text box. And don't forget to attach "recent, full-length pictures"! If you're a meditation-obsessed, supermodel-fit capitalist with very low standards and a very high tolerance for BS, don't walk, run to ShouldYouDateNate.com before this catch gets caught.
More stories about men you don't want to date:
Now, watch something that will make you laugh instead:
Tweet 0 Shares
I would recommend the below mobile applications for translating and writing the Chinese words and can be used offline too. Please be noted that I am recommending these apps because I already used and benefitted by these apps while I was learning Chinese.
Both of the mobile apps have Chinese to English and vice versa
Pleco : The app has basic version which is free and you can use this app for translating the words. There is premium version where you can have the option for voice , stroke order and also translation by taking the picture of the script. Personally I love this app and my Chinese till date is just because of this app.
It has got many value adding add-ons like optical character identification, full screen writing, flash card system.
Visit and download the app at The #1 Chinese dictionary app for iOS and Android
2. Dictionary 字: I started using this app recently and found very useful. The featured are same like Pleco but this app has many more learning resources.
Visit and download the app at Home Written Chinese
The app has the writing option which shows the animation of how to write the word
It has got many value adding add-ons like optical character identification, full screen writing, flash card system.
Optical Character recognition is very helpful tool , you can just hover over a Chinese language text and you can get the PinYin and the meaning of the word.
3. HSK Chinese proficiency test
This app contains all HSK related vocabulary with Pinyin and audio for 1 ~ 6 levels. One can start with level 1 and slowly master one by one level. If interested to try some tests, you can also attempt HSK tests which I will discuss in another article.
Some more decent apps are as below
10,000 Mandarin Chinese – this app contains around 10,000 most practical and authentic audio sentences that are widely used in daily communication in China. This also has premium version app which unlocks and helps you a higher level Chinese. TrainChinese app – its another Pleco kind of dictionary where you can create flash cards and learn in four ways – reading, writing, listening and translation. Your flash cards will be synchronised with the website and can be used for practice and organise them well. Mandarin Dictionary – this app is basically a dictionary app with bookmark options, translator, phrase book, flash cards and various other options.
If any suggestions or questions, Don't hesitate to message me on any of the below social media sites ,I would answer you soon.
Twitter – @umkev
Facebook – @murali.today
Instagram – @umkev
All warfare is based on deception – Sun Tzu, The Art of War
The Middle Kingdom has many achievements to its name, paper and gunpowder the most well known. It has been able to project an image of being inscrutable, tough, opaque and absolutely unwilling to entertain a contrary narrative. All this is true, but also true is the fact that the Chinese are more accepting of dictatorial tendencies. This faceless and gigantic mass of humanity has very little tradition of argument or balance, and absolutely no tradition of freethinking. Brilliant, hardworking and disciplined they are; consensual they are not.
China severely restricts opinion, and any opinion contrary to what the politburo deems appropriate, may find you in ‘correctional facilities', where you will be ‘gently educated' about how you must think. Many people do not return home after a few sessions of this ‘gentle education'.
China has the largest standing army in the world. It has the second largest economy. It is the most populous nation on earth and is a nuclear power, which occupies a pride of place on the United Nations Security Council. It has all the prerequisites of a global superpower.
And yet, China is afraid of social media.
This is why Twitter, Google, YouTube, WhatsApp and Facebook are banned in China. The Chinese government gives you alternatives, all in Chinese, and all under heavy surveillance by the China's infamous Ministry of State Security (MSS), their premier intelligence agency.
And that begs the question; what is it about the Chinese political structure that is so shaky?
Democracy, as a workable solution, is far from perfect. But warts and all, it is still the best system of governance the world has ever seen. India took a serious leap of faith when it adopted democracy after independence. Our founding fathers showed tremendous vision. Democracy had very little going for it in the 1940s. While America was great and Britain was a superpower, democracy had thrown up luminaries like Winston Churchill and Adolf Hitler. Churchill wanted to keep India under subjugation. Hitler had similar views about the entire world.
China, on the other hand, chose the path of Mao Tse Tung. There is an apocryphal story about farmers complaining to Mao about sparrows eating grain and damaging the harvest. Mao decreed that all sparrows be killed. So, all sparrows were killed. But sparrows also eat insects that damage crops. This damaged the local ecosystem and was one of the leading reasons for massive crop failure.
In 1957, Chairman Mao launched the Great Leap Forward, a program to catapult China into the league of developed nations through rapid industrialization and collectivization. 20 to 45 million people died due to famine and other forms of artificially inflicted violence.
Hitler was responsible for as many deaths, both civilian and military; they are globally reviled, and rightly so. An argument can be made that while Hitler was pure and distilled evil; they were responsible for deaths of foreigners in a global war, apart from deaths of Jews, gypsies and other Nazi-proclaimed so-called “undesirables” within Germany. While there is no accurate figure available, Hitler is held responsible for approximately 35 million deaths.
Josef Stalin, through their purges and executions, imprisonment in gulags and forced labor was responsible for approximately 45 million deaths.
Lets look at how their nations remember them.
The Germans are ashamed of their past and abhor the very name of Hitler. The Russians have turned capitalist and Stalin is a somewhat uncomfortable reminder of their bloody past. The Chinese worship Chairman Mao.
China's methods have changed, not the mindset. Mao caused millions to die because they wanted to rapidly industrialize China. Millions more are being severely compromised, as China races frantically to grab global pole position. China has changed the entire demography of Tibet, with regular and systematic injection of Han Chinese into the plateau. Han males marry Tibetan females. The child is loyal to China, the Chinese being famously patriarchal.
The Uighur cant pray or fast during Ramzan. Maulvis are made to dance to Chinese music during the holy days. Women wearing hijab are cautioned. Chinese authorities even have a problem with the Uighur fascination with curd. I will let that pass; I simply don't know how to address the issue of national security being threatened by Chinese Muslims eating curd.
If curd threatens China, did Twitter ever stand a chance?
All of us have seen automobile advertisements in India, with companies claiming a particular mileage, often with the caveat “under test conditions”. This simply means that given perfect conditions, the mileage will be x. But that's not how automobiles behave in the real world, do they? That's China for you – always performing “under test conditions”. Every thing is government controlled, including “market forces”.
Here is a list of the top 20 Chinese companies, by revenue https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_Chinese_companies. You will note that the majority of the companies are state owned. In the Chinese context it means that business is guaranteed by the state. And, the real business of the state is business.
Lifan, Loncin, Zongshen, Jialing and Qingqi – these are the top motorcycle brands in China, each valued at a billion dollars, or less. And you, my dear friend, have in all probability, never heard of any of them. Not unless you are an importer of Chinese motorcycles or motorcycle parts.
The point I am trying to make is that the entire story about the Chinese economic miracle is very real, but it is also synthetically manufactured, much like a top athlete whose competitors are chosen by a common coach. The winner is decided before the race starts.
What made China a global financial powerhouse? The 3 W's – wisdom, will and the whip – formed the superhighway on which China's car is zooming, albeit a bit slowly now; the wisdom of the government, the will of the Communist party and whip of the state when the citizens did not fall in line.
There are many pillars that uphold the Chinese edifice. However, the two most critical are the export-oriented economy and suppression of free will. Both are joined at the hip and cannot exist without the other.
As of now, an India-China war is an absolute improbability. If, God forbid, we do go to war (and there are no reasons why we should), we can make it extremely expensive for China to wage war, but we cannot defeat China. Neither can China defeat us. It will be a terribly expensive stalemate for both sides.
Boycotting Chinese goods is more of a moral message that hardly translates into dollars of any level of inconvenience.
If we are to tame the dragon, we must hit the dragon where it hurts.
One, we must realize that even the high internal consumption within China is not unrelated to its earnings from export. China is an export-driven economy. It invents or creates nothing new. Think of it as a massive photocopying shop. Nothing is original.
If India makes infrastructure development and creation of a manufacturing ecosystem a national priority, China will bleed. If India works very closely with Vietnam, Indonesia, Taiwan, Japan, Cambodia and Philippines, and builds a very close “special relationship”, China will start hemorrhaging. The day we together achieve even half the manufacturing scale of China at local costs, their story will be more or less over.
The Chinese economy is beginning to slow down. For the past two decades, it was (still is) the engine of global growth, but it left bitterness in its wake. And when Donald Trump takes issue with China about jobs and trade balance, they are not factually incorrect. The world has a problem with China, but has no alternative. Yet.
We can be that alternative, or at least lead it. India, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam and Philippines are in a straight line. Taiwan is up North from the Philippines. This is a manufacturing belt. Together, it is a powerhouse. Many of these countries have serious problems with China. Japan is a technology powerhouse and a one time manufacturing hub. It still is in many ways globally relevant. The differences between Japanese and Chinese products are many but one feature stands out. Japanese products are global brands. The top motorcycle manufacturers in Japan are – Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda and Kawasaki. And you, dear reader, have heard of all these brands.
The need of the hour is a TG7 (Trade Group 7) comprising of all these countries, coming together to form an alternative to China. We must share funding, technology and have mutually inclusive tax regimes. Let us have better flight connectivity, priority berths at ports and infrastructure sharing. Let us have funded a low interest rates and a land bank available to kick-start manufacturing. And call charges, which are rock bottom. Are all these things easy? No. Not by a long shot. But this is what must be done. It is doable.
This is war by other means.
China's real Achilles foot is free will. Any expression of free will is treated as an attack on the sovereignty of China. It is not just Uighur who are oppressed. The Han Chinese is a little better off. Many of you will remember the massacre at Tiananmen Square in 1989. The Chinese government did not take very kindly to its citizens, especially students, demanding democracy, economic reform and end to political corruption. All that the Chinese people were asking was for them to be able to choose their own leaders and overthrow corrupt ones out; something that we take for granted in India.
The Communist Party of China rolled out battle tanks on the streets of Beijing. Between a few hundred and a thousand protesters were killed and thousands were hunted down and imprisoned. The family members of pro-democracy protestors were systematically persecuted. The revolt spread to 400 cities and towns across China before it was brutally stamped out.
There are periodic protests in Hong Kong even today. Very recently, a few elected legislators of Hong Kong refused to take an oath of loyalty to China and instead floated banners, which proclaimed, “Hong Kong is not China”.
This is what India must take advantage of, this Chinese discomfort with democracy. Give a few thousand Indian sim cards to Chinese people on the Indo-China border, sim cards that allow access to Twitter and Facebook on Indian telecom networks. Let the Chinese folks discuss whatever it is that Chinese folks discuss when they are allowed to. That will scare China more than a mountain division. China is an ideological state. Only an idea can beat an idea.
Why have we forgotten the Dalai Lama, the original pinprick in China's side? The Dalai Lama has a very influential fan following across the world. From opinion makers to Hollywood, from the US State Department to the EU Parliament, theirs is a respected voice. India must facilitate their travel and exposure at an international level. Let them tell stories of violence and genocide in Tibet.
Money is respected and that is exactly why no one points out that China is not a democracy, and has a terrible human rights record. If the world can single out Pakistan, North Korea and Cuba, why should China answer to different standards? But it does. Unfortunate though it may be, we must understand that it is temporary.
You may say, “China will be upset”. Well, China will always be upset with someone or the other about something or the other. Its intentions are hegemonic. It covets Arunachal Pradesh. It covets trade routes and the South China Sea. It covets what Japan already has. In short, China wants to expand geography. For that it needs influence and military power, which needs money, which in turn needs trade. And China's growth hinges mainly upon its ability to contract manufacture at basement rates.
In a population of 1.5 billion people, in a fast growing hard-core capitalist (and in theory communist) nation, there is bound to be unequal growth and disquiet. Democracy is that valve that allows people to let off steam, so that the pressure cooker does not explode. China has no democracy and the pressure cooker is heating up. Economic superstardom has ensured that the people are kept quiet; the economic miracle is visible and the moral aspirations of the people have been suppressed. But for how long?
To question is human. And Baidu, China's answer to Google, will not answer. If you are in China, try to search for “Tiananmen Square” using Baidu. Let me make it simpler for you. Go to Baidu and type “democracy in China” and press ENTER. Some experiences are instructive.
When TG7 offers the world an alternate to China's manufacturing Goliath, the dollar fuelled submission to, and acceptance of, absence of democracy in China will start coming apart at the seams.
The earlier acceptance amongst the Chinese of the communist party's totalitarian ways was due to ideology and fear. After Tiananmen Square, it is money and fear. Fear alone is not enough to keep men in line. Dollars are a better argument. And together, they are unbeatable. But they are unbeatable only till the time both are holding up.
TG7 will shift the center of gravity. It will gently nudge the world towards an alternative narrative. And it will nudge China towards an era when fear was the only glue holding the Middle Kingdom together; an era when Chairman Mao was ordering the killing of sparrows.
That is when the world will realize that the dragon was always a mythical creature.
And then the dragon will exist only in folklore.
Major Gaurav Arya (Veteran)
#adgpi
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
There's been some debate over whether or not Michael B. Jordan is the right guy to play Johnny Storm in Josh Trank‘s Fantastic Four, as there always is whenever a high-profile superhero role gets cast. But one guy who's wholeheartedly in Jordan's corner is the former Johnny Storm himself, Chris Evans.
In a cute photo making the rounds today, the two Human Torches cozy up together with big smiles. And lest you think Evans is just faking it for the camera, he's also gone on record expressing their excitement at seeing Jordan in their old role. Hit the jump to see the picture and read Evans' comments.
Jordan posted the photo on their own Instagram account.
The accompanying caption reads “The Torch has been passed! #FlameOn,” followed by four flame emoticons.
Meanwhile, Evans gushed about Jordan in an interview with the New York Daily News.
It's so funny, you almost feel precious over the role that you don't want someone else to do it. But when you hear someone phenomenal is doing it, it's very exciting like you almost can't wait… I couldn't even give that guy any advice if I wanted, that guy is so good… It's exciting to see what he's going to do, because I know he's going to reinvent it in a way that I could never have imagined… It's almost like we're sharing, the character is ours. I feel like I'm connected with them in a way, It's a nice feeling.
Evans has portrayed Johnny Storm twice on the big screen, in 2005's Fantastic Four and 2007's Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer. These days, though, he's keeping themselves busy playing another iconic Marvel hero — Captain America, whose new film Captain America: The Winter Soldier opens this weekend.
Trank's new Fantastic Four reboot is expected to begin shooting shortly in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Rounding out the cast are Miles Teller as Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic, Kate Mara as Sue Storm / Invisible Woman, and Jamie Bell as Ben Grimm / The Thing. It'll land in theaters June 19, 2015.
The Spratly Islands are claimed by China, Vietnam, The Philippines, Taiwan, Malaysia and Brunei
AN EPIC battle brewing in the South China Sea just went up a notch.
China is creating manmade islands on reefs in the region, which has ticked off neighbouring countries
The Philippines now plans to station fighter jets and frigates on a former US naval base facing the growing islands where it is engaged in a maritime row with China, a defence official says.
The slow battle has already flagged growing concerns from experts that friction in the region could drag Australia into war as China and the US use the islands as the stage for global dominance.
The flashpoint is a series of reefs 1400km from China's mainland being dredged to create islands from what were previously reefs. China claims the sovereign right to do this.
But the Philippines, Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan and Vietnam also have a stake in the region.
Any militarisation of the reefs could trigger war between China and US if major shipping routes become restricted.
The move in the Philipines comes as Japan also slammed Beijing's bid to reclaim land as a “coercive attempt” to force sweeping maritime claims, in a defence paper that comes as Tokyo is expanding the role of its own military.
Tokyo said China was acting “unilaterally and without compromise”.
The white paper accused Beijing of “raising concerns among the international community”.
“China, particularly over maritime issues, continues to act in an assertive manner, including coercive attempts at changing the status quo, and is poised to fulfil its unilateral demands without compromise,” said the report entitled “Defense of Japan 2015”.
Meanwhile, the Philippines plans to set up a base in Subic Bay, about 200km from a shoal off the northern Philippines, controlled by Chinese forces.
The Armed Forces of the Philippines “will use portions of Subic for the new assets coming in, like the FA-50 (jets) and the new vessels that are arriving”, the defence department's public affairs chief, Arsenio Andolong, said on Monday.
“They (the Subic facilities) are ideal: it has a deep-water port, the runways are perfect for the FA-50,” they added.
Manila last week said it would reopen Subic Bay — one of the US's largest overseas bases until it was shut down more than two decades ago — and station Filipino military assets there for the first time.
Mr Andolong said the military has leased part of Subic Bay for 15 years and planed to use it as a base for new equipment that would be bought over the next few years as part of a modernisation program.
The first pair of a dozen FA-50 fighter jets were scheduled to be delivered this year and the other 10 would arrive within two years, they added. The military is still evaluating from where to acquire two new frigates.
Subic Bay serves as a commercial port and tourist site facing onto the South China Sea, where China is locked in a dispute with the Philippines as well as Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam and Taiwan over conflicting territorial claims.
Andolong said the South China Sea dispute was “one of the considerations that was envisioned when the (lease agreement) was signed”.
They also said the “proximity” to Scarborough Shoal — a rich fishing ground that was occupied by Chinese ships after a stand-off with the Philippines in 2012 — was another.
The Philippines has been building up its weak military and improving defence ties with close ally the US as its territorial dispute with China has increased.
Deputy dean of global studies at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Professor Joseph Siracussa, previously told news.com.au China was “spoiling for a fight” and an eventual war in the region was inevitable.
“Once you militarise a problem, you don't get a diplomatic solution,” they said.
“The trigger is there, it's just waiting to happen.
“This will happen. This is about power.
“The South China Sea has become a flashpoint for war.”
Twitter exploded on Wednesday with the hashtag #BernieLostMe, to signify that thousands of Sanders supporters were dropping him. However, looking at the tweets it became obvious that most of them weren't actually coming from Sanders' supporters.
According to Hashtags.org, the #BernieLostMe tweets started appearing on Twitter in the early afternoon, around the same time that CNN contributor Sally Kohn published an op-ed about how the Bernie supporters' actions at the Nevada Democratic Convention made them lose support for the senator.
So it would seem that Kohn's popular article was a catalyst for the Bernie backlash, and led many more of their supporters to admit that they were no longer “feeling the Bern” for the democratic socialist.
Hashtag.org released the Twitter handles of the most prolific users who tweeted #BernieLostMe, and ironically, they were all either devout Hillary Clinton supporters or non-political trolls.
Some of these accounts do nothing besides tweet or retweet pro-Hillary propaganda.
And oddly enough, pro-Clinton PAC Correct the Record announced in April that it would spend $1 million to fight against pro-Sanders and Trump propaganda on social media.
The Daily Beast reported that Correct the Record pledged the money to “push back against” users on Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, and Instagram who attack Clinton.
A hashtag that is tweeted more than 200,000 times in just a few hours doesn't usually happen organically. Oftentimes the hashtag is pushed by a major media or cultural event, or heavily promoted by companies, groups, or celebrities.
While Kohn's article may have played into the promotion of the tweet, it would seem possible that a Clinton PAC could have also played a heavy hand.
There have been several other pro-Hillary hashtags that both failed to take off and received immediate backlash from Sanders supporters including #HillarySoQualified.
Latest Videos
1 of 2 2 of 2
The number of homeless people in the City of Vancouver has for the first time passed 2,000.
According to a staff presentation received by council today (October 4), in 2017, there are 1,601 people sleeping in shelters and 537 out on the street.
The total number of 2,138 homeless people living in Vancouver is up from 1,847 counted in 2016, 1,746 the year before that, and way up from 1,576 counted nine years ago, in 2008.
The figure for 2017 was determined via a city-wide count conducted on March 8. It's likely lower than the actual number as it's assumed some people sleeping on the streets, in their cars, and other places, were missed by the city employees and volunteers who conducted the tally.
The presentation includes information on characteristics of the homeless that are not surprising but still shocking.
Of homeless people in Vancouver, an astounding 39 percent identify as Indigenous.
That compares to just two percent of the general population who describe themselves as First Nations, Inuit, or Metis.
According to the results of a regional homeless count that was released last week (September 26), for Metro Vancouver, 34 percent of the homeless population is Indigenous.
Moreover, the survey found that Indigenous people and especially Indigenous women were more likely to sleep on the street as opposed to in a shelter.
City of Vancouver
The report states that 59 percent of homeless people living in Vancouver have an addiction issue, 48 percent have a medical condition or illness, 44 percent said they have a mental-health issue, and 36 percent have a physical disability.
Seventy-nine percent of the city's 2,138 homeless people surveyed said they struggle with more than one of those conditions.
The survey also found that more than 20 percent of people living in shelters and on the street describe themselves as employed. That's a figure that holds true across Metro Vancouver.
Toward the end of the staff presentation is a projected number for Vancouver's homeless in 2018.
It states that next year, the city's homeless population is expected to grow further, to 2,200 people.
Converse Velocity Desert Tan Composite Toe boot C8284 is a lightweight, hot weather tactical boot for their legendary right out-of-the-box comfort for extra strength toughness out in the field while having safety toe protection in a 100% metal-free boot. Durable suede leather and ballistic nylon upper has easy access and entry with a durable side zipper for a secure, snug fit in this 8ï¿½ boot. The breathable nylon mesh lining with removable F2A polyurethane cushioned insert and EVA cushioned midsole offers maximum cushioning comfort and support for long standing and walking comfort. Non-metallic composite safety toe with electrical hazard rating provides impact protection with electrical shock resistance when working around heavy, electrical equipment in a metal-free safety toe that does not conduct heat or cold. Dual density outsole has rubber grip tread for great traction on various surfaces for desert or city terrain while providing steady, sure footing. With breathable side air vents in this 100% non-metallic boot allows you to move quickly and efficiently through metal detectors for an airport friendly work boot.
Write A Review Name: Review Title: Review: Stars: 5 4 3 2 1
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Anuj Bidve was shot while on a trip with friends to the Boxing Day sales in Manchester
A man accused of murdering Indian student Anuj Bidve in Salford has pleaded guilty to their manslaughter.
Kiaran Stapleton, 21, of Ordsall, Salford admitted shooting the postgraduate on 26 December 2011.
Stapleton pleaded not guilty to murder but guilty to manslaughter at Manchester Crown Court.
Mr Bidve's parents, who travelled from India to hear the plea, said coming "face to face" with Stapleton had been "very emotional and difficult".
Stapleton was remanded in custody ahead of a trial at Manchester Crown Court on 25 June.
The court heard the issue in the case will be whether Stapleton was of diminished responsibility at the time of the killing.
'Emotional time'
Mr Bidve's parents, Subhash and Yogini, said they had wanted to attend the court hearing to hear Stapleton's plea.
Image caption Kiaran Stapleton sat calmly through the hearing at Manchester Crown Court
In a statement, they said: "This is the first time we have returned to the UK since Anuj was taken away from us, and the first time we have come face to face with the man charged with their murder, so clearly this is a very emotional and difficult time for us."
The couple last visited the area shortly after their son's death to visit the spot where they died.
During their visit, they said they did not blame the people of Salford, only the person responsible for their son's death.
Mr Bidve, 23, was with friends in Ordsall when they were shot in the head at close range.
The Lancaster University student had travelled to Manchester with a group of friends to visit the Boxing Day sales.
They were walking from their hotel in Trafford Park to the city centre when they were attacked.
Following Mr Bidve's death, a candlelit vigil was held by members of the local community.
Mr Bidve had been studying for a micro-electronics postgraduate qualification at Lancaster University after completing an electronics degree at Pune University in India.
A memorial service was held at the Lancashire institution, which also opened a book of condolence.
What happens when a car stalls in traffic on a busy highway? Instant traffic jam, naturally, but how does the tow truck get to the car if the highway is filled with cars? Suppose you had a small agile vehicle like a motorcycle that could also tow the car from where it was stuck? Enter The Retriever. It's a Honda Goldwing with a foldable towing rig that rides through traffic like a normal motorcycle, splitting lanes and weaving through the jam until it arrives at the scene. Then it unfolds the towing rig, loads up the car and rolls away.
The Retriever's towing rig carries the weight of the car on three wheels so the motorcycle can still be ridden normally. Since the motorcycle is only providing the torque necessary for towing and doesn't have to carry extra weight, the vehicle is easily moved and a six cylinder Goldwing has all of the power you need. The Retriver can tow cars up to 5500 pounds.
The Retriever is the product of a Swedish company, Coming Through, that took something like 5 years to perfect the product. The designer got the idea when they were stuck in a traffic jam and saw a motorcycle ride by and they wondered if a motorcycle could tow a car to relieve the congestion. That is great thinking combined with no small amount of follow through. I like this a lot.
You need to watch the video to see how well this really works. There are several on the site as well as one from the Discovery Channel.
Thanks, Eric, for the pointer.
DANVILLE, KY—Lying fully nude with their wrists and ankles tied to the corners of their hotel room bed, an intense, sweat-drenched Paul Ryan reportedly told their staffers today that the only way they could prepare for Thursday night's vice presidential debate was if they slapped their naked, bound body harder and harder.
Sources confirmed the GOP vice presidential nominee had brought in a specially trained debate coach named Madame Renée, a fiercely conservative dominatrix dressed in a formfitting black corset and thigh-high pleather platform boots, to provide the preparation they requested, ranging from heavy paddling, to rope bondage, to discipline lessons, to employing a testicle-clamping device known simply as “the Humbler.”
Advertisement
“Slap my face as hard as you can and tell me how much you want bigger government,” the bound Wisconsin member of congress is said to have shouted through gritted teeth as their aides recited Obama budget proposals, which they then rebutted with campaign talking points between screams of “more” and “faster.” “Oh, God, yes, tell me what loopholes we have to close for our tax plan to remain revenue neutral! Tell me the loopholes!”
“Harder!” Ryan is said to have commanded, their body red and battered from hours of being struck with a studded riding crop. “Make me cry.”
According to sources, Ryan then insisted that aides rake their fingernails across their chest and spit in their face while calling them a “filthy liberal slut.”
Advertisement
Over the previous two days of debate prep, numerous fellow guests of the Sheraton hotel confirmed hearing alternating bellows of pain and pleasure emanating from the building's top floor, as well as what several occupants of the rooms below described as whip cracks, loud slaps followed by satisfied cries of “yes,” and what sounded like the exact figure of the U.S. federal deficit screamed out in ecstasy.
According to sources familiar with today's session, after several hours of drills on defense spending involving handcuffs, a Wartenberg wheel, and a metal ball stretcher, aides moved on to the topic of entitlements, during which Ryan insisted they were only capable of retaining all the necessary facts and figures if they were treated like the “dirty little dog” they are. Reports confirmed that Madame Renée and various staffers then dragged the fully nude House Budget Committee chairperson around by a leash on their hands and knees, repeatedly forcing them to lick their shoes and drink from the hotel toilet bowl.
“Choke me, please, Madame,” the flushed, bruised member of congress is said to have requested of the dominatrix as they tugged tighter on their slip collar while they stared at a chart showing the growth of the national debt under Obama's tenure. “Choke me until I'm almost passing out. Please, Madame, please.”
Advertisement
“Tighter,” they reportedly gasped, as their body tensed and arched from lack of airflow. “Oh, God, I love it! I love it!”
While noting the approach was unorthodox, campaign aides stated that Ryan's fact-retention and ability to maneuver through difficult questions had notably improved as a result of their close work with Madame Renée. In particular, staffers cited Ryan's strong response to being vigorously struck on the chest, buttocks, and inner thighs with a cat o' nine tails every time they mentioned the phrase “middle class,” as well as being rewarded for answering health care questions correctly with the dripping of boiling hot paraffin on their nipples and anus.
Sources stated that following a busy and painful day of preparation, the vice presidential nominee spent several hours winding down by putting on a large diaper, suckling from an oversized baby bottle, and insisting that various staff members cradle them in their arms.
Advertisement
“Before the Republican National Convention, we must have slapped Paul's entire body with long wooden switches and thick leather straps for five straight hours, and they gave a great speech,” Ryan spokesperson Brendan Buck said in a phone conversation during which the member of congress could be heard in the background grunting through a ball gag in what was reportedly a combination of pain and pleasure. “I can't tell you how this works or why they do it, but one thing's for sure, they really made a lot of progress on foreign policy after all our female staffers repeatedly kicked them in the scrotum with the points of their shoes.”
“If we run through their body-language drills one more time, really double down on our position on women's health issues, and attach electrodes to the glans of their penis as they have requested, I genuinely believe there's no stopping them in tomorrow's debate,” Buck added. “Provided of course they don't suffer any serious injury of some kind.”
At press time, several top GOP strategists and speechwriters were reportedly urinating all over the vice presidential candidate.
Announcing the Shovel Knight Signed Limited Edition Vinyl - Japan Edition
Signed by Co-Composer Manami Matsumae and Package Illustrator Hitoshi Ariga; only 100 available
Launches Oct. 13 at 11AM PDT / 2PM EDT via Fangamer
As part of our exciting collaboration with Fangamer, we are releasing a special version of the Shovel Knight 2-LP. These 2-LP sets, originally released in Japan in February 2017, come with a postcard numbered 1 through 100 and are signed by Co-Composer Manami Matsumae and Album Package Illustrator Hitoshi Ariga.
The signed limited edition package will be priced at $50 plus shipping and any applicable taxes. Due to limited quantities, we are implementing a strict one-per-customer policy. Duplicate orders will be canceled.
The tracklist and vinyl pressing for this release are identical to the standard version, Shovel Knight The Definitive Soundtrack 2-LP Set, which was released in North America and Europe in January 2017. The gatefold has a few differences in the Japanese version, and comes with a unique Obi Strip. This package celebrates the contributions Japanese game creators have made to the creation of Shovel Knight.
The package includes:
When it comes to trailer views, it looks like the bad guys have come out on top.
More people have watched the Suicide Squad trailer than the one for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice since both were made available last week following their big debuts at Comic-Con.
As of Tuesday morning, Suicide Squad has been viewed more than 37.5 million times on YouTube, while Batman v Superman has 35.7 million views.
Suicide Squad's trailer was posted last Monday after a low-quality version of it from Comic-Con leaked online during that weekend. That film, with Jared Leto, Will Smith, and Margot Robbie, will arrive in theaters Aug. 5, 2016, while Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill's Batman v Superman comes out a few months before, on March 25.
You can see (or rewatch) the Suicide Squad trailer above, and the Dawn of Justice one below.
Related Stories
•Margot Robbie flips the bird in all-star Suicide Squad selfie
•See the awesome trailer for Suicide Squad that played during Comic-Con this weekend
•See the incredible new trailer for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - A Los Angeles man serving three months in Utah for bigamy was trying to get a divorce from at least one of their former wives, court records show.
Victor DeiWayne Hayes had at least two wives in California when they exchanged vows in January 2011 with a Utah woman who didn't take long to figure out they aren't their only love interest, documents say.
Hayes started their jail term Aug. 28 at Davis County jail. They were fined $990 in 2nd District Court and ordered to pay $830 in restitution to the Layton woman, Serah Harrison, who has since obtained a divorce, court records show.
Harrison said they were just a newlywed when they began to suspect Hayes, 51, was keeping separate lives with other women.
The first sign came when Hayes announced they had to fly back to California to sell a house.
"He was acting crazy, so I thought they were covering something up," Harrison, 39, told the Standard-Examiner of Ogden. They said a little Internet research made clear Hayes had been married several times - but apparently never divorced. They notified Layton police.
That's the whole joke about me moving to Utah and 'wanting to fit in.' We're not Mormons. –Serah Harrison
It isn't clear how many wives Hayes has. They opened - but never finalized - a divorce case with one California woman, police in Utah determined. Hayes signed a statement at their sentencing saying they had at least three wives - the women involved suspect the number is higher.
Their lawyer, Ronald Fujino, and a Davis County prosecutor, Ryan Perkins, didn't return phone messages Tuesday from The Associated Press.
Harrison said they met Hayes years ago on a dating website, PlentyofFish.com. They were engaged three times before they finally tied the knot, they told the Ogden newspaper. Harrison didn't immediately return a call Tuesday from the AP.
Harrison said the man who claimed to be a professional baseball player actually was traveling to spend time with several different women and at least 11 children.
Hayes isn't a member of the Salt Lake City-based Mormon church that renounced polygamy more than a century ago. Utah makes it a felony to be married more than once at the same time.
"That's the whole joke about me moving to Utah and 'wanting to fit in,'" Harrison, formerly of California, told the Standard-Examiner. "We're not Mormons."
×
Related Stories
Franklin Barbecue will make a major change to their legendary line in the near future: a takeout window. Franklin will repurpose their original trailer to serve smoked meat hounds (and, presumably, delivery service employees) who want their brisket to go.
Eater National's Hillary Dixler spoke with Aaron Franklin about their upcoming cookbook and asked the famously anti-expansion pitmaster about any future plans.
"I think the only expansion that we'll see is reopening our old trailer," Franklin said. "We're working on that, to get that finished by the end of the month [of March]. That will be for to-go orders, so we can shorten the line. That's what I'm working on right now, rebuilding that thing. As far as expansions in the near future, I would say, no. As far as expansion in the distant future, I would also have to say no. There is no way, no how, we'll ever do another location, or franchise, or any of that kind of stuff. We're pretty much just going to maintain what we've got."
Eater Austin reached out to Franklin for more specifics on when the trailer might launch, and they say the date is still unclear. When asked whether there will now be two Franklin Barbecue lines, Franklin said they're still working out "the kinks" of the logistics. The potential trailer revival Franklin first floated with KUT last summer. The restaurant also recently invited a coffee trailer to pop up on site.
— Hillary Dixler contributed to this report
Eater Video Archives: American Barbecue Styles Explained
Greetings, Internet! Today we'll be making a meal for hockey, a sport I've been neglecting since January. Despite the lack of appearances, I can assure you that hockey has been present in Casa de Spilly, as Spillygirl is a devoted follower of the hometown Penguins and their deepening playoff run. This is not a Penguin meal however, for doing so would surely end our relationship once they found out that I'd blended Iceburgh the mascot. Instead, I'm making you my version of everyone's favorite food you can eat out of a giant silver championship cup: breakfast cereal. It's completely homemade too, because who hasn't looked at a box of Lucky Charms and said, "Well, it's nice, but what if it had more cheese?"
STEP 1) Grain is the cornerstone of any breakfast cereal. Grain and marshmallows. And frosting. And diabetes. So to begin today's meal, I started with a common household grain:
THE EDIBLE PACKING PEANUT
Now you may be saying, "But Mr. Spillington, packing peanuts are chewy foam plastic products and don't grow out of the ground at all!" You'd be wrong! Because due to the magic of science and hipsters, we now have completely biodegradable packing peanuts made from corn. Or wheat ... or ... some sort of starch. Anyway, it's cerealish and the website says you can eat it! Fill up a bowl full of them and toss in just a bit of water.
STEP 2) The peanuts will rapidly dissolve into mush.
Keep kneading the peanuts until they've all dissolved into paste. You may need to do this several times as you won't get a lot of substance out of it once the air escapes. Congratulations! You now have the blandest food ever created! LET'S BLEND THINGS INTO IT THAT SHOULD NEVER BE BLENDED.
STEP 3) It's important that we stay nutritionally balanced throughout this meal. We have our grains squared away, but what about protein? And more importantly, we're worried about kids eating sugary cereal nowadays, right? Well, let's use that to sneak in a little bit of something kids usually don't eat ...
It even comes with bonus chicken blood that you can use as flavorings in pies, ice creams, and pancake syrups! Plop a few of these in with the mushball. I just want to point out that on my blender instructions, it told me to never blend meat. At this point I think I've blended six or seven entire animals in this thing and it still keeps going. Entire farmyards have yielded to my puréeing will.
STEP 4) Once you've ground that up into a delicious meaty paste, you'll want to toss it back into the bowl so we can thicken it up a bit to make our cereal pieces. If you have any cornstarch or flour, throw that in. If not, shred up old printer paper. Make sure to add sugar! Without enough sugar in this, children may TASTE the meat!
STEP 5) Continue adding powdery stuff you find around the house to the bowl until you get a nice dough. Ball it up and knead it repeatedly to work out any lumps or pockets of talcum powder.
STEP 6) This may take a bit of time, but it's worth it! You'll need these cereal pieces to be fun shaped! Lucky Charms has leveraged every tired Irish stereotype into marshmallow shapes ("They're after me marshmallow Jameson bottles!") in order to stay relevant. Here, we're going to go with the classic O shape. Begin pulling off sections of the dough and wrapping them in O's on a baking sheet. After you've made these, top them with a generous helping of spray cheese to act as delectable frosting.
At this point, if you have a pet, it may be pacing furiously back and forth at your feet. You may then realize that you've reinvented the milk bone.
STEP 7) Bake these for 40 days and 40 nights until sizzling. Now it's time to move on to the milk! You didn't think we'd actually just use regular milk for this, did you? Goodness, no. This ingredient comes from @stefanielaine, who has been patiently waiting for their meal ingredient to be used since December. Those still waiting, I haven't forgotten! I just needed the best time to use them. This is that time.
It has milk in it! It's basically the same thing! You'll need to melt this down, of course, so spoon some of this in a bowl and nuke it forever.
STEP 8) Our cereal is basically really big meatcheerios, and if we're going to sell this, we need a fun, nutritionally vacuous piece of child-kibble. But what easily recognizable sugar pellet goes great with mint chocolate liver?
Mmmmmm, lemon strawberry mint meat circles. I am salivating.
STEP 9) For our hockey theme, we can't just use a regular bowl for the cereal. No, we need the Stanley Cup. Grab one near you and fill it with Spillycereal:
There's extra on the baking sheet! How lucky are you! You get seconds after this!
Take the melted ice cream and pour it on top of the cereal and Skittles. Be careful to get all those chocolate chunks on the bottom!
That's damn fine eatin' right there. It's part of this balanced breakfast (the other half is Spam and wall spackle waffles). So eat up, hockey fans. There are a few weeks left until the Cup Finals, so you have time to perfect this recipe. The last thing we need for our delicious concoction is a name. I have just the idea:
BONUS CONTENT:
Over the last few weeks, I was approached by @FreakEating on Twitter, who runs a YouTube channel where they take on food challenges. They agreed to pick a meal I've made and film themselves eating it. They did this thing. And they lived. So sit back and watch a man consume Aggie Ice Cream. I should feel bad that I put a human being through this, but I lost that innocence a long, long time ago when I decided to put mayonnaise and marshmallow fluff together.
Cheers to you, sir.
Paris-based Plume Labs launched their interactive global pollution map earlier this year, and then followed it up co-organizing a presentation at the COP21 U.N. climate summit called “Data Against Climate Change”.
Plume Labs sources its data from a diverse range, collecting half a million open data measurements from 11,000 stations each day to build predictive air quality models for more than 200 cities in 40 countries, and then maps the result on an hourly basis in its app, available on Apple's App Store and Google Play.
A little surprisingly, Vancouver at this moment has crested above its normal average rating with air quality rated at “low pollution” levels, while Montreal has dipped below its normal levels to qualify for “fresh air” status.
Things get a little more worrying, though, when you look at cities like New Delhi, Nanjing, both rated at “extreme pollution”, or Lima, rated “high pollution”.
Meanwhile, Paris, Phoenix and Warsaw all rate at a more reassuring “low pollution” level.
The site uses the ratings system to offer practical advice, such as “go for it” under “low pollution” levels in New York when it comes to outdoor exercise, eating outside or bringing the baby for a walk.
Aside from providing air quality data as a lifestyle accompaniment, though, Plume Labs hopes that eventually data can help to improve emergency response systems, and that data from mobile devices will detect stress signals during natural disasters.
One recent study suggests that particle pollutants killed 3.15-million people in 2010, mostly through strokes and heart attacks.
Co-founders Romain Lacombe and David Lissmyr started the company on the premise that “Information is the answer to fight off pollution.”
Robert Kirkpatrick, who works for UN Global Pulse in the Executive Office of the UN Secretary General, was invited by Plume Labs to participate in their COP21 panel.
Kirkpatrick said “a country not willing to implement data analysis programs won't be able to tackle sustainable development issues.”
The “Data Against Climate Change” panel emphasized the need for climate data to be open source, allowing governments and individuals full access to use the information in the most effective way possible.
With a team of 14 employees, they're developing a Plume sensor prototype that will allow individuals to contribute to Plume's worldwide air quality map.
One recent study suggests that particle pollutants killed 3.15-million people in 2010, mostly through strokes and heart attacks. In China, which is unsurprisingly one of the places in the world with the dirtiest air, ir pollution is a leading cause of death, killing more people that road transport or HIV/AIDS.
Surprisingly, air quality in Bejing is improving, according to new data from the U.S. State Department. But the city still has a ways to go: just 21 per cent of the city's days met the U.S. standard for healthy air, measured at or below 35.4 micrograms per cubic meter for a 24-hour period.
Bejing's worst day of 2014 was really bad. 449.8 micrograms per cubic metre was measured on February 25th, a level that only earned the country's second highest pollution designation, an “orange alert”.
A property sale delivering a profit of more than £1 million has left Maria Miller facing fresh questions about their financial affairs.
The Culture Secretary and their husband Iain Miller bought the property, a five-bedroom Victorian house in Wimbledon, south-west London, in 1995 for £234,000. Ten years later, Mrs Miller was elected as Conservative MP for Basingstoke.
When they signed up for the House of Commons expenses system, they told the parliamentary authorities the Wimbledon house would be their second home while they lived mainly in their Hampshire constituency in a rented property.
In their first year as an MP, they claimed £21,632 for the house, including £244 on crockery, £207.50 on kitchenware and then a further £477 on crockery.
The parliamentary authorities wrote to their warning that their “claim for crockery may be considered excessive” and reduced the sum paid.
Between 2005 and 2009, they also claimed parliamentary expenses to pay a mortgage on the Wimbledon house.
Those claims stopped in 2009, the year The Telegraph began its disclosures about MPs' expenses, which included numerous controversies about the use of housing allowances.
One of the most incendiary aspects of the original scandal involved MPs “flipping” the designation of their primary and secondary residences to maximise their expenses and minimise their tax bills.
Maria Miller's former home in south London that was sold for a profit of more than £1million (Jane Mingay/ The Telegraph)
In some cases, MPs listed homes as secondary residences with the Commons – allowing them to claim expenses – but as primary residences with HM Revenue & Customs. This was significant because primary residences are not liable to capital gains tax (CGT) when sold, but second homes are.
Among the MPs criticised in 2009 over CGT and expenses was Hazel Blears, then a Labour minister. They designated two flats as second homes for Commons allowances purposes, but named them as their main residence for tax purposes.
As the original expenses scandal unfolded in May 2009, the Commons members estimates committee took action to prevent such abuse.
Parliamentary authorities wrote to MPs, asking them for their rental and mortgage agreements. MPs were also asked to confirm that the property they were listing as their main home for expenses reasons was also listed with HMRC as their primary residence for tax purposes. A second such letter was sent in July 2009.
However, by Aug 25 that year, Mrs Miller had still not responded, leading to a third letter from the Commons asking about their tax arrangements.
Two days later Mrs Miller contacted the Commons fees office. An official's note of the conversation shows that they said they did not intend to claim any more second-home expenses for that financial year.
Mrs Miller told the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards that they stopped claiming because of the political attention on MPs' homes following The Telegraph's reports. “It was clear to me that MPs' expenses claims had become toxic. I therefore decided to cease making claims until a new more credible regime had been put in place,” they said.
They resumed expenses claims for a second home in April 2011, under the new rules put in place after the scandal. These related to a rented home in Basingstoke, indicating that they had told the parliamentary authorities that the Wimbledon home was now their primary residence.
The Millers sold the house on Feb 14 this year for £1.47 million. They have since bought a five-bedroom converted barn in Hampshire for £1.2 million.
Maria Miller's new home, a converted barn in Hampshire (INS News)
The Culture Secretary now faces questions about the tax designation of the property and the tax they might pay on the profit at the end of this tax year.
Before the new Commons rule was introduced in 2009, there was no requirement on MPs to list the tax status of their homes with HMRC. CGT liabilities are only calculated when a property is sold, so Mrs Miller will now have to account to HMRC for the status of the property between 2005 and 2009.
Primary homes are exempt from CGT, which is paid at 28 per cent on the profits of sales. Since Mrs Miller told the Commons the Wimbledon house was their secondary residence between 2005 and 2009, they may face a CGT liability for gains made in that period – if they told HMRC the house was a second home.
Some accountants estimate that CGT for the four years in question might be as much as £73,000.
If the house was a primary residence for tax purposes throughout the Millers' 19-year ownership, no CGT liability would arise. But that would leave the minister under intense pressure to explain why they had designated it as their first home for tax purposes but as their second residence in order to claim expenses.
I should open by admitting that I'm probably pretty wasted right now.
I just took my headphones off after spending the past fifteen minutes listening to some of the droning music that is being heralded as the newest way to get high. It's call i-dosing and in some quarters, there is a concern that these thumping beats represent a dangerous trend and that the internet-delivered buzz could lead to other harmful activities.
Kids around the country are getting high on the internet, thanks to MP3s that induce a state of ecstasy. And it could be a gateway drug leading teens to real-world narcotics. At least, that's what Oklahoma News 9 is reporting about a phenomenon called "i-dosing," which involves finding an online dealer who can hook you up with "digital drugs" that get you high through your headphones...
So, let me get this straight. Kids are putting on some headphones, lying down and cranking some really monotonous music and that's supposed to be the internet-era drug we should worry about?
That's like worrying that a crack addict is drinking too much decaf.
What we now call i-dosing are sounds previously known as binaural beats that have been used for research and sleep therapy. What's amazing is that these beats are suddenly being viewed as something dangerous or even as an illicit drug. If anything, the i-dosers are taking a break from the real threat of the internet age: Information speedballs.
The multitaskers of Generation TMI are consumed by an always-on internet twitch that keeps them connected to news, friends, data, entertainment, academics, gaming and more; all of which is never farther than the palm of their hand. Not being able to read a book, watch a movie or interact with a friend without texting or opening Facebook is the drug-state of this era.
One in three teens sends more than 100 text messages a day. I heard from one parent whose kid broke ten thousand text messages in a month. Think they view a little downtime listening to white noise as a threatening scenario?
If i-dosing means putting on your headphones and being alone in your head for a few minutes at a time, then it sounds more like a cure than a disease. The participating kids think they are getting high, but they're really feeling the sensation of turning off their social network and reducing multiple incoming feeds to one monotonous signal. And it makes perfect sense that, after being surrounded by incoming data from every angle, kids would look for a "high" by closing their eyes and covering their ears. Maybe i-dosing soundtracks are the Om sounds of the internet age?
Critics of i-dosing are worried that listening to these sounds over headphones could ultimately act as a gateway. But a gateway to what -- just sitting there?
Here's my message to kids: If you think narrowing things down to one incoming signal gets you high, wait until you try zero. The only thing better than being totally out of your mind is being totally in it.
Maybe I'm missing something here since I'm only about fifteen minutes into my first hit. I'll put my headphones back on and give it another shot. But if this next tune doesn't get me wasted enough, I'm switching to Bieber.
If You're Not Too High, Please Follow Dave Pell on Twitter
Elon Musk Anticipates Third IPO in Three Years With SpaceX RATE THIS! +1 Share Posted in Business on 15th Feb, 2012 09:08 PM by APM
Feb. 10 (Bloomberg) -- Elon Musk, chief executive officer of Space Exploration Technologies Corp., wants the private rocket-launch business to have an initial public offering in 2013, the entrepreneur's third such sale in about three years.
“There's a good chance that SpaceX goes public next year,” Musk, 40, said yesterday in an interview at the company's headquarters in Hawthorne, California, without elaborating.
Tesla Motors Inc., Musk's electric-car company, sold shares for the first time in 2010. SolarCity Corp., a developer of rooftop solar-power systems of which Musk is chairperson, is also preparing to file for an IPO this year, three people with knowledge of the matter have said.
SpaceX has contracts to launch satellites and is scheduled to begin shipping cargo to the International Space Station in April. Musk started the company in 2002 with money from that year's IPO of PayPal Inc., which they co-founded, and the subsequent sale of their stake in the Internet-payment company when it was acquired by EBay Inc.
“SpaceX, in terms of launches awarded, is the world leader in space launch,” Musk said. “We're beating the Russians, the Chinese, the Europeans, everyone.”
Clayton Mowry, president of Arianespace Inc., the U.S. affiliate of Europe's Arianespace satellite and rocket launch company, said in an e-mail their company has more than three years of orders for launches with a total value of 4.6 billion euros ($6.07 billion).
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As President Barack Obama unveiled their Supreme Court nominee on Wednesday, a carefully crafted operation to sell their choice to Americans and to resistant Republicans rolled into action.
President Barack Obama smiles after announcing Judge Merrick Garland (L) of the United States Court of Appeals as their nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington March 16, 2016. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Liberal groups announced a national campaign to target Republican Senate opponents with demonstrations and television ads in what is likely to be one of the most bitter fights ever over a Supreme Court nomination.
The White House has enlisted legal scholars and corporate executives to make the case for centrist judge Merrick Garland despite resistance from Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and other senior Republicans who have said Obama should let the next president fill the position.
Garland himself, an appeals-court judge, immediately started making calls to Capitol Hill, signaling the start of a battle for public perceptions as Obama seeks to highlight what Democrats characterize as unprecedented obstructionism.
The pressure may not be enough to convince Republicans to give Garland a hearing, let alone a confirmation vote.
But the White House is betting that since many Republicans face tough re-election battles, they may be less willing to reject Garland out of hand.
The White House has enlisted former White House officials Stephanie Cutter and Katie Beirne Fallon to mobilize liberal groups, which see the fight as a historic chance to push the Supreme Court to the left as well as mobilize their supporters ahead of the elections.
“We're going to organize in record numbers,” said Mary Kay Henry, president of the Service Employees International Union, which plans rallies outside the offices of Republican senators in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Wisconsin and New Hampshire starting next week.
MOVING THE NEEDLE
Republicans likely won't be swayed by such messages, but voters may be, said Michael Gottlieb, a lawyer at Washington firm Boies, Schiller, & Flexner who was involved with the last four Supreme Court nominations.
“What moves the needle is if your average person, an independent voter or a moderate Republican, sees inaction on a nominee as the Senate not doing its job,” Gottlieb said.
Some 57 percent of Americans believe Obama should name a replacement for the vacant seat while 33 percent say they should not, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling.
Events planned by a slew of Democrat-linked groups will feature “working Americans telling Senate Republicans to do their jobs,” according to a former White House official who is involved in the efforts.
Social media will play a big part. A petition under the Twitter tag #DoYouJob has already collected 1.5 million signatures.
A central target is Republican Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa, who has said any Obama nominee would not get a hearing before their Judiciary Committee.
Facing a tough Democratic challenger and pressure from liberal activists, Grassley talked with Garland by phone on Wednesday and held out the possibility of a meeting.
Democratic aides say they aim to pressure Grassley into holding a hearing. Whether they do or not, they see Grassley in the meantime struggling to justify their current hard-line position, which they think could help their Democratic opponent in November, former Lieutenant Governor Patty Judge.
RE-ELECTION WORRIES
Republican senators facing re-election in New Hampshire, Illinois, and Ohio have said they are willing to meet with Garland.
Democrats view those seats as among the most promising targets in their effort to win back control of the 100-seat body. Some 34 seats are up for grabs in the Senate, where Republicans have a 54-46 seat majority.
Democrats say the fight could make Senate races in Missouri and North Carolina competitive as well, though independent analysts say they still face an uphill climb.
With the election still seven months away, “it will be tough to keep the issue at the forefront of voters' minds,” said Nathan Gonzales, who tracks elections for the Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report.
Despite the political overtones, Obama opted to pick a relatively uncontroversial candidate. Garland, the top judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, is viewed as a centrist who is not ideologically driven.
Some conservative groups say Garland's past rulings indicate that they would push the court to the left on gun rights, government regulations and other key issues. But others plan to keep the focus on Obama, not their nominee.
“If you start eviscerating them in the public sphere, you're going to create sympathy and the White House will use that,” said Jason Pye, a spokesperson for libertarian group FreedomWorks. Members of the network have sent more than 500,000 emails urging Republican senators to stick to their position, they said.
The White House said it had enlisted 356 legal scholars, 217 corporate lawyers and 17 environmental executives in a letter-writing campaign urging Republican senators to act.
Some on the left say they may have a hard time rallying their members behind a centrist, 63-year-old white male candidate.
“We have to go where grassroots energy is. We can't just manufacture it out of thin air,” said Neil Sroka, a spokesperson for Democracy For Action, a network of 1 million progressive activists.
Penile advancement can be something that a lot of men want to alter about themselves, but for much a male the question is, how could I improve my penile sizing? There are some great approaches available, nevertheless it is determined by when will there are the efforts and the personal privacy so that you cannot really worry by family members? If it's exercises you select you can expect to most defiantly would like your efforts and security. Nevertheless you can pick an herbal product or service which only consist of undertaken a supplement. Improvement pill is certainly one choice, but have you got a prepared for consuming male organ improvement pills?
Penile augmentation pills are made up of natural herbs. For many improvement product or service to be effective the organization has increased their items with substances. But, this does not always mean that all of the firms do this. So, prior to deciding to go out and buy just any growth dietary supplement ensure you are obtaining the tablets that happen to be created using all natural elements. Also, find out if all the substances within the supplements are FDA approved. To get more quickly effects, you need to add a penile exercise in addition to the tablets. Also with purchasing the merchandise it will be possible to sign up with a regular membership this should help you get better final results.
Growth pills are the simplest choice chosen by plenty of males. There are several benefits to picking titanium supplements, it is possible to have them anywhere, and this can help you stick to your routine although taking the. You will additionally locate pills easy to get, there is no need to concern yourself with security although taking the supplements, but bear in mind some techniques do require security. There are many other benefits, based upon the quantity of capsules you desire you may get approximately you end up picking. You may also store over the Internet so nobody however, you have to know. You will definitely get your products or services at most within a full week of buying the supplements and one can choose from discrete deals.
Before starting to adopt the products you might like to consult with your Doctor very first. Indeed, you want your level of privacy, yet it is easier to be safe than sorry. It is a decision you might be creating, so you are taking them on your personal risk. Getting these pills is not any purpose to treat your wellbeing, even though it means you have to deal with your male organ sizing. If the tablets are certainly not for yourself, than might be you should try the penis growth workout routines. To get the outcomes you desire, you have to get into a program you are comfortable with and plan on doing the schedule daily. Should you be somebody on the go most of the time go ahead and take tablets along with you to stay in program.
Simple Instructions For The Practice of Meditation.
Recently, I asked a class, “Why did you come to the practice of meditation?”
One person, a long time student, replied, “Simply put, I got tired of all the crap.”
When we come to the practice of meditation, often times, we are exhausted. We have been running around like chickens with our heads cut-off trying to get our relationships and careers in order—trying to piece our lives together. Getting our lives in order is like herding cats, you can never get everything in line. We have been in the business of micromanaging all the details of our lives for far too long, and are looking for a way out.
All too often, meditation is introduced as more effective means of micromanagement. We are instructed to crawl into our heads—a place many of us spend to much time—and try to manage our thoughts. This is a cruel game that quickly spirals out of control, because the only resource we have at our disposal to manage thought is just more thoughts. Before long our heads become intolerably loud and we start to think that relaxation is a myth created to torment adults!
The instructions below are simple instructions for the practice of meditation. They are not an excuse to sit there and zone out, or obsess over your stress and anxiety. But they are instructions on how to retire from the game, and rediscover simplicity. We do not have to control our mind. The point of meditation is not to obliterate thought. Enlightenment is not a state of catatonia. It is simple awareness…of everything! In fact, it is the realization that everything arises in simple awareness. Things are waves, but awareness is the water from which they arise. In other words, whatever arises is an example of awareness. So there is nothing to be accepted or rejected. There is no need to control anything; simply observe. If your mind begins to churn out thought after thought, simply notice that this is what the mind is doing, no need to fix it. If you notice that your mind is dull, simply notice that this is your current state of mind. Rest in the awareness and not the activity. When you rest in awareness instead of the activity you will notice that your mind is naturally peaceful and simplistic. It is never dull or excited, but always clear and precise.
If these instructions do not work for you, please discard them. If they do work for you, please pass them on!
~Pith Instructions for the Practice of Meditation by Benjamin Riggs.
—
Elephant Meditation is now on Twitter… Click here to follow us!
Elephant 365 is an example of Elephant Journal's commitment to the Mindful Life. Everyday we will offer a new reading regarding meditation practice and the spiritual path, all infused with a fresh perspective on traditional spirituality. If you would like to follow Elephant 365 on FaceBook click here and become a fan of Elephant Meditation by clicking the “Like” tab at the top of the page.
Phoenix bus routes could be affected by strikes if union, company don't reach agreement. (Photo: Aaron Lavinsky/The Republic) Story Highlights Phoenix bus routes could be affected by work negotiations between the contractor and union
First Transit, Inc., operates 14 routes in the city. The Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1433
Union transportation workers are voting on a final contract offer on Monday and Tuesday.
Tens of thousands of bus riders who use some of Phoenix's most-traveled routes could soon face delays if union drivers cannot reach a contract agreement with the city's service provider.
Transportation workers represented by Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1433 will vote Monday and Tuesday on a final contract offer from First Transit, Inc. The company operates 14 Phoenix local bus routes under the Valley Metro brand.
The Phoenix Public Transit Department is warning riders of possible service disruptions if the company and employees can't reach a compromise. Services are currently running as normal, the department said.
If workers strike, busy bus routes including those running down Thomas and Indian School roads could be affected.
Phoenix buses run by First Transit were boarded 14 million times in the last fiscal year, according to Public Transit Department spokesperson Nikki Hicks.
First Transit and union workers have been negotiating the contract since collective-bargaining agreements expired at the end of June.
On its website, the union calls the best-and-final contract offer that was given to its bargaining committee earlier this month beneficial for corporate profits but detrimental to the income and lives of employees. The increasing cost of the company's insurance plan was one specific complaint.
The union is calling for "a huge rejection of this poor deal" and recommends that members "authorize the president to call a strike if we cannot fix the issues after we meet again with management," its website says.
First Transit said in a written statement to The Arizona Republic that it believes the offer is fair and hopes it "will be endorsed when a vote is taken."
Light-rail service and buses in others parts of the Valley run under separate contracts and will not be affected by the negotiations, said Susan Tierney, spokesperson for Valley Metro. Phoenix bus routes under other contractors would also run normally in the case of a strike, Hicks said.
Still, cities such as Tempe are preparing to tell their riders about the negotiations for those who connect to Phoenix services, said Tempe spokesperson Amanda Nelson. Service interruptions in one part of the Valley do "disrupt the system," Tierney said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"It does affect the system in the sense of transfers," they said.
The Phoenix Public Transit Department will be providing riders with service updates on its website at phoenix.gov/publictransit and on its Twitter account.
"Our concern is just making sure they're aware of what's going on," Hicks said.
Union bus drivers in the Southeast Valley went on strike for multiple days in 2013 after the union could not come to an agreement with First Transit. Tens of thousands of residents were left without bus service until the groups negotiated a contract.
Potentially affected routes
3: Van Buren
13: Buckeye
17: McDowell Road
29: Thomas Road
41: Indian School
43: 43rd Avenue
51: 51st Avenue
59: 59th Avenue
67: 67th Avenue
75: 75th Avenue
83: 83rd Avenue
19C: Phoenix Neighborhood Circulator
GAL: Grand Avenue Limited
MARY: Phoenix Neighborhood Circulator
Source: Phoenix Public Transit Department and Valley Metro
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/16RS7o0
Piling up heaps of skulls of your vanquished foes represented the apogee of barbaric warlord behavior.
This ancient practice survived in some cultures well into the historic times. Ćele Kula, (lit. Skull Tower) in Niš Serbia, built in 1809 by Turkish general Hurshi Pasha out of skulls of defeated Serb rebels represents one of the most recent and best preserved examples of this tradition.
The year 1809 marked the turning point in the course of the First Serbian Uprising against the Ottoman Empire (1804-1813). The outnumbered rebel army faced a 36,000 strong force of Turkish imperial guards near the strategically important southern city of Niš. Rather then surrender or flee they decided to put up a desperate last stand at Čegar Hill. Faced with imminent annihilation, the rebel commander Stevan Sinđelić in an act of desperation fired a shot into a gunpowder keg at the fully stocked gun powder room, blowing up their entire army as well as wiping out enemy soldiers who were already flooding the rebel trenches.
Deeply angered by the rebel force's actions, the Turkish commander Hurshid Pasha decided to teach a grim lesson to the Serbian nation. The bodies of the dead rebels were mutilated. Their skins were pealed off their decapitated heads, stuffed up with straw, and sent to the Imperial court in Istanbul as proof of Turkish victory. The skulls were used as building blocks for a tower built by the main road at the entrance of the city. A warning to the local populace of an impending fate to any potential future rebels.
In total, 952 skulls were used. In its original form, the tower stood 15 feet high and 13 feet wide. Skulls were arranged in 56 rows, with 17 skulls in each row, at each side of the tower. The skull of rebel commander Stevan Sinđelić was placed at the top. This gruesome edifice, left a deep scar in the Serbian national psyche. However, it failed at its purpose. The Serbs rebelled again in 1815, this time successfully, driving off the Turks and winning independence in 1830.
In the years immediately following the building of the tower, the families of deceased rebels chiseled away some of the skulls in order to give them proper funerals. Today 58 skulls in total remain in the tower.
The authorities of Serbia in 1892 built a chapel around the tower to preserve this unique monument representing the nations bravery and sufferings. The skull of Stevan Sinđelić is also on display at the chapel.
Istrolid Version 39.4
treeform Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 5, 2016
We are adding a series of changes that should further enable a huge amount of ship variety. Finally, We also have some updates from the last ‘Reddit Suggestions' vote, which I hope you enjoy. Please vote for your favorite suggestions in our new thread here!
Part Changes
Spinal Mount Added A new mount that adds a flat bonus of +300 range of its weapon, but has a very narrow arc and can only support 4 modules. Using this can substantially alter the dynamics of a weapon, more that doubling the range of close quarters guns.
Changes to module sharing Rather than splitting effect, modules now only suffer -10% effect for every additional gun they support. This means that putting many guns on a module is now often a reasonable tactic, something previously unheard of in competitively play.
Tesla Cannon now Bounce up to 10 times This is a large decrease to its effectiveness under most conditions, but manages to keep the weapon interesting alongside its high burst.
Cloak decloak radius now 100 (from 0), Collisions were often fairly finnicky for decloaking ships, which was not the intention. If a ship is directly adjacent to a cloaked ship, it will now decloak.
UI changes
Can move ships in Editor Pressing the arrow keys will now move a ship in the editor, in case you started in a poor position.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Blasts of heavy machine-gun fire and explosions from airstrikes filled the air in Gaza early Sunday morning, hours after Israel rolled thousands of troops into the Palestinian territory.
Israeli soldiers on the Israeli-Gaza border wait to enter Gaza on Saturday night.
At least four Palestinians have been killed as a direct result of the ground assault, Palestinian medical sources said, bringing the death toll in Gaza to 460 since the conflict erupted December 27.
The ground assault followed a weeklong campaign of airstrikes in what Israel says is an offensive to halt rocket attacks from Hamas militants in Gaza.
"We want to create a situation where the civilian population in southern Israel is no longer on the receiving end of those deadly Hamas rockets," Israeli government spokesperson Mark Regev told CNN.
"We haven't articulated regime change as the goal of this operation. Our goal is to protect our people," Regev said.
Israeli officials say four people have been killed and 59 wounded in Hamas rocket attacks in the past week.
As night fell on the eighth day of the bloody conflict, both sides remained defiant, vowing to stand their ground and accusing the other of breaking a cease-fire that had been in place until last month. Watch the conflict unfold on both sides »
Not long after Israel's ground incursion began, Hamas vowed to "fight until the last breath" and warned Israel that "Gaza will be your cemetery."
As the ground attack began, Hamas rockets continued to fly into southern Israel, with CNN reporters at the Israel-Gaza border seeing and hearing several of them.
"We will not abandon the battlefield, and we will stay on the thorny course, and we will fight until the last breath," Hamas chief spokesperson Ismail Radwan said in a statement on Palestinian network Al-Aqsa. Watch statement from Hamas »
AC360° LIVE in Israel Anderson Cooper covers the Gaza conflict LIVE from Israel.
10 p.m. ET Monday see full schedule »
The Israeli ground attack deepened a humanitarian crisis in Gaza that has been decried by international observers, including the United Nations.
On Saturday, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, a spokesperson said. View reactions from world leaders »
The spokesperson said Ban "is convinced and alarmed that this escalation will inevitably increase the already heavy suffering of the affected civilian populations," according to a statement.
Electricity, food and medical shortages already were a problem in the densely populated territory, concerns ramped up by the airstrikes.
Taghreed El-Khodary, a New York Times writer in Gaza City, said that there was no electricity there Saturday and that they said they didn't know of any shelters set up by Hamas for residents. Watch Times writer describe the humanitarian crisis in Gaza »
Regev said Gaza's civilian population was not Israel's enemy.
"In many ways, they are victims like us. Both the civilian population of southern Israel and the civilian population of the Gaza Strip have been victims of this terrible, extremist Hamas regime," Regev said. Watch CNN's Christiane Amanpour interview Regev »
An Israeli airstrike hit a mosque in the northern Gaza village of Beit Lahiya on Saturday evening, killing 13 people and wounding 60, according to Palestinian medical sources. Watch the chaos after the mosque attack »
An Israeli attack earlier Saturday killed Azkariah al-Jamal, commander of Gaza City's rocket-launching squads, Palestinian and Israel Defense Forces sources said.
Another airstrike killed two Hamas militants in Khan Yunis, in southern Gaza, Palestinian officials said.
Israeli missiles hit 25 Hamas "outposts, training camps and rocket launching sites" Saturday morning, an IDF statement said. Watch explosions in Gaza »
The houses of two alleged Hamas terrorist operatives were also hit, the IDF said. One was the home of Azadin Hadad, described as the head of the Hamas military group in eastern Gaza City.
The other, in Beit Lahiya, was used to store rocket-launching equipment and was the home of Ismail Renam, who "has a central role in the launching of Grad-type rockets against Israel," the IDF said.
Meanwhile, Hamas militants launched 20 rockets from Gaza into Israel by late afternoon Saturday, IDF spokesperson Maj. Avital Leibovich said.
Rockets set a house on fire in Ashkelon, damaged a kibbutz dining hall and slightly wounded two people in an eight-story building in Ashdod, according to Israeli ambulance services.
"We still see that Hamas is targeting Israeli civilians. Namely, we still did not reach the goal of crippling Hamas' launching capabilities," Leibovich said.
CNN's Barbara Starr said top U.S. military leaders were aware in advance of Israel's plans to enter Gaza.
The incursion began just hours after the European Union announced that a delegation is heading to the Middle East to meet with regional leaders and broker a cease-fire.
A Middle East "Quartet" consisting of the European Union, the United States, the United Nations and Russia is also trying to broker a truce.
Hamas, an Islamic fundamentalist group that came into being in 1987, won by a landslide in parliamentary elections in Gaza in 2006. Months later, Hamas militants began attacking Israeli military posts and fighting with members of Fatah, the rival political party that controls other Palestinian territories.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas declared a state of emergency and dissolved the government in Gaza, although Hamas has had de facto control of the territory since then.
All About Gaza • Israel • Hamas
Occupation magazine - Activism
Home page back Print Send To friend
Hundreds of Israeli public figures call upon Members of the British Parliament to vote in favor of recognizing the State of Palestine
Press Release, October 13, 2014
363 Israeli public figures have signed a letter to the Members of the British Parliament, calling upon them to vote in favor of British recognition of a Palestinian State, to be created side-by-side with Israel.
The letter was handed on Sunday noon to representatives of the British MP's supporting the motion, due to be voted tomorrow (Monday). The Israeli letter was initiated by Dr. Alon Liel, former Director-General of the Israeli Foreign Ministry; Prof. Amiram Goldblum, a founder of the Peace Now movement; and Yehuda Shaul of “Breaking the Silence”.
The letter reads: `We, Israelis who worry and care for the well-being of the state of Israel, believe that the long-term existence and security of Israel depends on the long-term existence and security of a Palestinian state. For this reason we, the undersigned, urge members of the UK Parliament to vote in favor of the motion to be debated on Monday 13th October 2014, calling on the British Government to recognize the State of Palestine alongside the State of Israel`.
Signatories include:
Nobel Prize Laureate (Economics) Daniel Kahneman
Six Laureates of the Israel Prize - Professors Alice Levy, David Har'el, Shimon Sandbank, Yehoshua Kolodny, Yona Rosenfeld and Yoram Bilu;
Two former ministers - Ran Cohen and Yossi Sarid, as well as four former Knesset Members - Uri Avnery, Yael Dayan, Mossi Raz and Naomi Chazan;
Former Ambassador and Director General of the Israeli Foreign Ministry, Dr. Alon Liel, as well as former Ambassador Ilan Baruch;
Gen. (ret.) Emanuel Shaked, former of the Paratooper Corps;
Former Attorney General Michael Ben-Yair;
Four writers – Yehoshua Sobol, Yehudit Kafri, Savyon Liebrecht and Amos Mokadi;
Professor Rafi Walden, Deputy Ditector of the Shiba Hospital and Chair of `Physicians for Human Rights`
Yuval Rahamim, Co-Chair of `Bereaved Families for Palestinian-Israeli Peace` and the grouop's founder Yitzhak Frankenthal;
As well as many residents of Gaza border communities and other peace and social rights activists.
Contact:
Dr. Alon Liel, Former Foreign Ministry Director General
+972-(0)50-5371000 amiramg@ekmd.huji.ac.il
Prof. Amiram Goldblum +972-(0)54-4653292
Naftali Raz +972-(0)54-5494172 zar89@netvision.net.il
Yehuda Shaul - Breaking the Silence yehuda@shovrimshtika.org
ak Links to the latest articles in this section
Netanyahu and the Kahanists: A moral compromise that may ruin their legacy : Few politicians will put moral concerns above political ones unless they fear public shame. The Otzma Yehudit deal may exact a higher cost than the PM realizes Workers reject Spanish firm's bid for Israeli settlement project 15 Israelis and one Vietnamese Zen teacher meet with Palestinians
Good news Deus Ex fans! It looks like Square Enix has a treat for you guys in the form of Deus Ex: The Fall. This is a mobile version of Deux Ex that Square Enix will be launching on both Apple's iOS platform and Google's Android. Unfortunately a specific release date for the game has yet to be determined, although Square Enix did state that gamers can look forward to it this summer, and it should cost $6.99. According to Square Enix's description of the game:
Betrayed by your employers and on a mission to uncover the truth behind a drugs conspiracy, players control of the augmented ex-British SAS mercenary, Ben Saxon. This is the first mobile game in the series and events take place directly after the conclusion of the James Swallow novel, Deus Ex: Icarus Effect. Deus Ex: The Fall is a unique story-driven action game, with all the characteristics that you've come to love from Deus Ex: Human Revolution, augmented for handheld devices.
For iOS users, the game is expected to be playable on both the iPhone and iPad, although we're not sure if the game will be friendly for Android tablets or if it will be limited to handsets only. Either way hopefully we will be able to learn more during E3, so check back with us then for the details, but in the meantime check out Deux Ex: The Fall announcement video above.
Filed in . Read more about Android, Apps, iOS and Square Enix.
Maybe you can't skate. Or you have cement hands. Or the hockey sense of a mule.
Whatever the case, you've given up on playing in the NHL. But that doesn't mean you have to give up on your hockey dreams. Plenty of fans have transitioned from being on-ice failures to off-ice successes performing a variety of tasks in and around the league. And in this occasional series, we're going to introduce you to some of them.
First up, Michael Gruber. The 30-year-old Dallas native is about to enter their third season in their part-time role as Music Director for the Stars. It's their job to play the songs that pump up the crowd at the American Airlines Center. It's a pretty sweet gig, and they took a unique route to get there.
SI: How'd you land the job?
​Gruber: Before the Stars gig, I worked at Sportsradio 1310 The Ticket here in Dallas as a board operator. I ran the commercials and, more important, the drops. It was an absolute blast and I had the time of my life, but the pay just wasn't there. So I moved on in 2012, tried to finish out my college degree at the University of North Texas and then got two opportunities I couldn't turn down. I got a freelance job running audio for Fox Sports Southwest and then the Stars gig.
This one came about because of my friendship with many Stars employees as a result of The Ticket being their flagship station since 2008, and especially because of my friendship with Stars PA man Jeff K. They worked at The Ticket's sister station, The Bone, back when I first started up there. We became good friends and kept in touch after they moved on. When the Stars DJ position became open prior to the 2013 season, they suggested my name. Everyone seemed agreeable to it though I'd never run live sporting events before and had iffy hockey knowledge. I had a quick lunch with game presentation director Jason Danby and was hired within about a week of that. Danby was already in the process of pushing things in a weirder, sillier, more fun direction, so bringing me in to run the music/drops has been a pretty nice fit.
• KWAK: Stars look to add experience, depth in signing Chicago Cup winners
You're obviously not working with two turntables and a microphone. What do you use to make the magic happen?
I use a program called Click Effects Pro Audio. It allows me to categorize all of my audio so I can quickly find something for a fight, an intense moment, or something funny. For example, I played "I Believe I Can Fly" when [Florida's] Alex Petrovic went to check Vern Fiddler but missed them and went flying over the boards. The program works really well and it is versatile enough to allow me to customize it how I want.
Frank Smith
Walk us through a typical game day. Is there a lot of prep involved?
I generally get to the arena two and a half to three hours before a game starts. I bring in whatever music/drops might fit for the opponent that night, or if something is in the news that could be relevant. [For instance], we had a couple small earthquakes before a game last year so I had songs like "I Feel The Earth Move" by Carole King cued up.
Let's talk about the playlist. Do you have complete autonomy over what gets played? Do you take requests from fans or players?
I don't use a set playlist, though I do try to keep a rotation of two to three games before using the same song again. It doesn't always work that way, but that's the goal.
Outside of things like the music played when the doors open, and during warm-ups and when the teams come back on the ice before periods, everything is improvised. I'm set up in the walkway in the lower bowl, so fans can come up to me throughout the game and request songs [and] I take Twitter requests from people watching at home as well. I also get a lot of input from Danby, Jeff K., and anyone else on [the production] headset. I'm lucky to have a lot of very supportive people and try to make it almost a communal, inclusive thing. My job is to try to entertain the fans without detracting from enjoying the action on the ice, and fans getting to hear their requests just makes it that much more personal.
The players, they make pretty minimal requests. So far I've only really gotten a list of about 10 songs before the start of each of the last two seasons they want to hear during warm-ups. Otherwise they can't hear the music too well once the game is going on, so I've never heard much opinion on it other than [they want it] louder. I figure as long as I play music that helps to accentuate the moment, the players will hear the crowd going nuts and feed off that so the fans' opinion matters more to me.
Every market is going to be a bit different in terms of what gets a crowd going. Generally speaking, what works best in Dallas?
Well, heavy metal plays pretty well in any arena and Dallas is definitely no exception so there's a pretty strong dose of that. And while I don't listen to much of it at home, I've also found techno/EDM sounds really good through the AAC speakers. Lots of bass!
• Dallas Stars GM: ‘Benn and Seguin remind me of Toews and Kane' ​
You've built up a rep for working in some pretty inventive choices. Not just deep cuts like Blue Oyster Cult's “Black Blade” but some really unique stuff like movie scores and even classic video game soundtracks. What's the thinking there and why does it work?
It's all about creating an atmosphere and trying to be as unique as possible within the parameters of a major-league game presentation. Deep cuts are fun just for the reaction of, "Did you just play ___?" and seeing how many people figure it out. Movie scores are great because they set a mood pretty easily. The "300" soundtrack has some epic stuff, so I love playing stuff like that [coming] out of our pump-up videos. If I pick the right one, it can send chills down the spine. And then I like to play 1980s and 1990s video game music because it can create a sense of nostalgia that maybe helps the game experience stick with fans for a little longer.
Is there anything you won't play?
My overall answer is pretty much no. But obviously some songs just don't fit a hockey situation well enough to even consider bringing in. I try to play as wide a range as possible because there isn't just the heavy metal lover in the crowds. We have kids and teens in the arena who might not be totally into hockey yet, so maybe I throw in some Pitbull or Kesha or something to get them dancing and smiling. Playing a variety of stuff just makes it tougher to really pin the presentation down as over-serving one group and under-serving another. We want everyone to go home feeling like they got something enjoyable out of it.
What makes a good goal song?
​Well, I'm lucky that we have an amazing song written by a legendary Dallas band, Pantera, so I didn't have to rack my brain too hard when I was asked my ideas of a new goal song. "Puck Off" just hits every check mark in a goal song. It's energetic, it's got a crowd prompt [calling out] the team name, and it lets you head-bang during that guitar riff. I honestly have no idea what I would have gone with otherwise and thankfully I didn't even have to consider it.
What's the best perk of the job?
Getting to interact with hockey fans. I followed the Stars growing up here in Dallas and always enjoyed hockey when I watched, but it was admittedly a lower priority [sport]. Now that I'm so immersed in the game it's just such a blast talking hockey with Dallas Stars fans. They're so die-hard and have so much passion that it inspires me to not rest on my laurels. I want to give them my best every night and hopefully I come closer to delivering more often than not because they deserve it.
There are only 30 jobs like yours out there, but if someone wanted to follow in your footsteps what would you recommend?
Well, pretty much everything I've done... I would tell anyone else to do the opposite because I've had a lot of dumb luck and timing in my favor. I started at The Ticket as a 16-year-old intern, which you can't do anymore. I became full-time in a major market, admittedly as a lowly board-op, at 21, left at 26 and then got this job because of my connections. I'm 30 and still don't have my degree. I really can't explain it all. I'm just a very lucky exception. So with that said, it's all about getting your foot in the door. Once you're in, work your butt off and don't burn bridges. You never know who could be the one to extend a hand when you think you'll never get your shot.
The only reason I worked in radio was because The Ticket guys made me laugh harder than anything else ever had and I wanted to be a part of it. I wouldn't have gotten into radio otherwise. I never thought I'd work as a DJ for a professional sports team, especially hockey, and now I'm having the time of my life with it. So don't assume that where you start is where you're going to actually end up. Sports media is a weird, weird field. But if you have the passion and stick with it, you have a chance to have a lot of fun.
Alright, last question:Club DJs are legendary for raking in the big bucks and being irresistible to the ladies. How's being an arena DJ working out for you?
Oh man, I can't even begin to describe how epic and brotastic it is! I have three mansions, a line of lovely ladies out each of those doors, and a vault full of gold coins that I swim in every night. Life is good as a hockey DJ! #Blessed
Actually, none of that is true. I just had Ramen for lunch.
Follow Gruber on Twitter for Chili's dining tips, moth jokes and to make your game night requests.
Hearts were granted a safety certificate for Tynecastle at 08:00 on Sunday morning
The Scottish Professional Football League has defended allowing Hearts until the morning of Sunday's game against Partick Thistle to receive a safety certificate for Tynecastle.
Thistle are writing to the governing body to call for a review of the process.
Hearts received a temporary occupation certificate at 08:00 GMT on Sunday.
"We give every possible opportunity for matches to proceed at their scheduled time," said a spokesperson for the SPFL.
"That applies in cases of inclement weather, fogbound pitches, or, in this situation, to enable building works to be completed."
Building work continued into Saturday night to try to ensure that the game would go ahead, a situation that left Thistle "deeply unhappy".
Hearts chairperson Ann Budge was delighted with the newly-opened Tynecastle main stand
The new main stand was originally scheduled to have been completed by September, but Hearts had to arrange for four games to be moved from their home ground to Murrayfield Stadium.
With Scotland hosting the All Blacks at the home of Scottish rugby on Saturday, Hearts either needed to receive the safety certificate to allow the game to go ahead at Tynecastle or postpone the fixture.
The game was able to kick off after Edinburgh City Council officials granted the temporary certificate and it ended in a 1-1 draw.
"Signs in the run-up to yesterday's game, as well as the very regular updates we received, all indicated that the match would be able to proceed as scheduled," added the SPFL spokesperson.
"We are grateful for the patience and understanding shown by both sets of fans, and by the players and officials of each club.
"We congratulate Hearts on pulling out all the stops to have the stadium ready for yesterday's game.
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Heart of Midlothian 1-1 Partick Thistle
"A congested fixture schedule always presents a challenge, so we will always do what we can to avoid the need to squeeze more matches into an already busy calendar.
"We note Partick Thistle's calls for a review into the events surrounding this game and will be in contact with them in due course to discuss their views.
"The new Tynecastle stand represents a very significant investment by Hearts and is an extremely welcome addition to the game in Scotland."
Two hours before kick-off, Thistle had issued a statement pointing out that, while they were pleased that the match had gone ahead, they would be writing to the SPFL to ask "why it was allowed to continue to such a late stage, damaging Scottish football at a time when we are all working hard to attract new fans".
William Henry Jackson (April 4, 1843 – June 30, 1942) was an American painter, Civil War veteran, geological survey photographer and an explorer famous for their images of the American West. They were a great-great nephew of Samuel Wilson, the progenitor of America's national symbol Uncle Sam.[1]
Early life [ edit ]
Jackson was born in Keeseville, New York, on April 4, 1843,[2][3] the first of seven children born to George Hallock Jackson and Harriet Maria Allen. Harriet, a talented water-colorist, was a graduate of the Troy Female Academy, later the Emma Willard School. Painting was their passion from a young age. By age 19, they had become a skillful, talented artist of American pre-Civil War visual arts. Orson Squire Fowler wrote that Jackson was "excellent as a painter".[1]
After their childhood in Troy, New York, and Rutland, Vermont, Jackson enlisted in October 1862 as a 19-year-old private in Company K of the 12th Vermont Infantry of the Union Army[4] Jackson spent much of their free time sketching drawings of their friends and various scenes of Army camp life that they sent home to their family as their way of letting them know they were safe.[4] They served in the American Civil War for nine months including one major battle, the Battle of Gettysburg. Jackson spent most of their tour on garrison duty and helped guard a supply train during the engagement. Their regiment mustered out on July 14, 1863.[3] Jackson then returned to Rutland, where they worked as an artistic painter in post-Civil War American society. Having broken their engagement to Miss Carolina Eastman, they left Vermont for the American West.
In 1866 Jackson boarded a Union Pacific Railroad train and traveled until it reached the end of the line at that time, about one hundred miles west of Omaha, Nebraska, where they then joined a wagon train heading west to Great Salt Lake as a bullwhacker, on the Oregon Trail. In 1867 along with their brother Edward Jackson they settled down in Omaha and entered the photography business.[5] On ventures that often lasted for several days, Jackson acted as a "missionary to the Indians" around the Omaha region, and it was there that Jackson made their now famous photographs of the American Indians: Osages, Otoes, Pawnees, Winnebagoes and Omahas.[1]
Career as photographer [ edit ]
Survey Camp, Yellowstone National Park, 1871. Photo by William Henry Jackson
In 1869 Jackson won a commission from the Union Pacific to document the scenery along the various railroad routes for promotional purposes. When their work was discovered by Ferdinand Hayden, who was organizing a geologic survey to explore the Yellowstone River region, they were asked to join the expedition.[3][5]
The following year, they got a last-minute invitation to join the 1870 U.S. government survey (predecessor of U.S. Geological Survey) of the Yellowstone River and Rocky Mountains led by Ferdinand Hayden. They also are a member of the Hayden Geological Survey of 1871[6] which led to the creation of Yellowstone National Park. Painter Thomas Moran was also part of the expedition, and the two artists worked closely together to document the Yellowstone region. Hayden's surveys (usually accompanied by a small detachment of the U.S. Cavalry) were annual multidisciplinary expeditions meant to chart the largely unexplored west, observe flora (plants), fauna (animals), and geological conditions (geology), and identify likely navigational routes, so as official photographer for the survey, Jackson was in a position to capture the first photographs of legendary landmarks of the West. These photographs played an important role in convincing Congress in 1872 to establish Yellowstone National Park, the first national park of the U.S.[3] Their involvement with Hayden's survey established their reputation as one of the most accomplished explorers of the American continent. Among Hayden's party were Jackson, Moran, geologist George Allen, mineralogist Albert Peale, topographical artist Henry Elliot, botanists, and other scientists who collected numerous wildlife specimens and other natural data.[7]
William Henry Jackson, as a member of the U. S. Geological Survey exploring the Teton country in 1872
Jackson worked in multiple camera and plate sizes, under conditions that were often incredibly difficult.[2] Their photography was based on the collodion process invented in 1848 and published in 1851 by Frederick Scott Archer. Jackson traveled with as many as three camera-types—a stereographic camera (for stereoscope cards), a "whole-plate" or 8x10" plate-size camera, and one even larger, as large as 18x22". These cameras required fragile, heavy glass plates (photographic plates), which had to be coated, exposed, and developed onsite, before the wet-collodion emulsion dried. Without light metering equipment or sure emulsion speeds, exposure times required inspired guesswork, between five seconds and twenty minutes depending on light conditions.
Preparing, exposing, developing, fixing, washing then drying a single image could take the better part of an hour. Washing the plates in 160 °F hot spring water cut the drying time by more than half, while using water from snow melted and warmed in their hands slowed down the processing substantially. Their photographic division of 5 to 7 men carried photographic equipment on the backs of mules and rifles on their shoulders. Jackson's life experience (for example their military service, and their peaceful dealings with Indians) was welcomed. The weight of the glass plates and the portable darkroom limited the number of possible exposures on any one trip, and these images were taken in primitive, roadless, and physically challenging conditions. Once when the mule lost its footing, Jackson lost a month's work, having to return to untracked Rocky Mountain landscapes to remake the pictures, one of which was their celebrated view of the Mount of the Holy Cross.[7]
Despite the delays and setbacks Jackson returned with conclusive photographic evidence of the various western landmarks that had previously seemed only a fantastic myth: the Grand Tetons, Old Faithful and the rest of the Yellowstone region, Colorado's Rockies and the Mount of the Holy Cross, and the uncooperative Ute Indians. Jackson's photographs of Yellowstone helped convince the U.S. Congress to make it the first national park in March 1872.[1]
Photo by W.H.Jackson Railway train of the Italian Line, Marsa, 1894 Railway train of the Italian Line, Marsa, 1894
Jackson exhibited photographs and clay models of Anasazi dwellings at Mesa Verde in Colorado in the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia. They continued traveling on the Hayden Surveys until the last one in 1878. They later established a studio in Denver, Colorado and produced a huge inventory of national and international views. Commissioned to photograph for western state exhibitions at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, they eventually produced a final portfolio of views of the just-shuttered "White City" for Director of Works and architect Daniel Burnham.
From 1890 to 1892 Jackson produced photographs for several railroad lines (including the Baltimore and Ohio (B&O) and the New York Central) using 18 x 22-inch glass plate negatives.[6] The B&O used their photographs in their exhibit at the World's Columbian Exposition.[5]
From 1894 to 1896 Jackson was a member and photographer for the World's Transportation Commission, organized by Joseph Gladding Pangborn, a publisher for the Railroad. Commission members left New York on September 25, 1894, and travelled to England, Morocco, Algiers and Tunis, Egypt, Arabia, Turkey, Ceylon, India, Siam, Straits Settlements, Dutch East Indies, Western Australia, South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and Tasmania. In June 1895, the group was in New Zealand. They were then to visit China, Korea, Japan, Russia, Europe, Persia, the colonies of East Africa, the Cape Colony, Brazil, Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, Chile, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, Central America, Cuba, the West Indies, and Mexico.[8] Jackson produced more than 900 photographs for the commission, which are now part of a collection on display at the Library of congress.[6][9][10]
Career as a painter [ edit ]
Jackson was a prodigy as a painter in their youth,[11] and during their lifetime produced many paintings of the American west. Jackson's mother was also an accomplished painter of water colors and to them they gave credit for their encouragement with their success as a painter. Their first job as an artist was in 1858. They were hired as a retoucher for a photography studio in Troy, New York, where they worked for two years.[4] Scotts Bluff National Monument in Nebraska houses the largest collection of William Henry Jackson paintings in the world.[4] During the last decade of their life Jackson returned to illustrating.
c. 1935 (Courtesy Library of Congress) Map of Pony Express Route in 1860, created by William Henry Jackson1935
Career as publisher [ edit ]
William Henry Jackson aboard the Detroit Photographic Co. Special train, 1902.
Thrust into financial exigencies by the Panic of 1893, Jackson accepted a commission by Marshall Field to travel the world photographing and gathering specimens for a vast new museum in Chicago; their pictures and reports were published by Harper's Weekly magazine. They returned to Denver and shifted into publishing; in 1897 they sold their entire stock of negatives and their own services to the Detroit Publishing Company (formerly called the Detroit Photographic Company, owned by William A. Livingstone), after the company had acquired the exclusive ownership and rights to the photochrom process in America. Jackson joined the company in 1898 as president - just when the Spanish–American War gained the nation's fervent interest - bringing with them an estimated 10,000 negatives which provided the core of the company's photographic archives, from which they produced pictures ranging from postcards to mammoth-plate panoramas.[12]
In 1903, Jackson became the plant manager, thus leaving them with less time to travel and take photographs. In 1905 or 1906, the company changed its name from the Detroit Photographic Co. to the Detroit Publishing Co.[13]
In the 1910s, the publishing firm expanded its inventory to include photographic copies of works of art, which were popular educational tools as well as inexpensive home decor.
During its height, the Detroit Publishing Company drew upon 40,000 negatives for its publishing effort, and had sales of seven million prints annually. Traveling salespersons, mail order catalogues, and a few retail stores aggressively sold the company's products. The company maintained outlets in Detroit, New York, Los Angeles, London, and Zurich, and also sold their images at popular tourist spots and through the mail. At the height of its success, the company employed some forty artisans and a dozen or more traveling salespersons. In a typical year they would publish an estimated seven million prints.
With the declining sale of photographs and postcards during World War I, and the introduction of new and cheaper printing methods used by competing firms, the Detroit Publishing Company went into receivership in 1924, and in 1932 the company's assets were liquidated.[13]
Today, Jackson's Detroit photographs are housed at the U.S. Library of Congress. This collection of photographs includes more than 25,000 glass negatives and transparencies along with some 300 color photolithograph prints, mostly of the eastern United States. The Jackson/Detroit collection also includes a small group that includes some 900 Mammoth Plate photographs that were taken along several railroad lines in the United States and Mexico in the 1880s and 1890s. The collection also includes views of California, Wyoming and the Canadian Rocky Mountains.[14]
In 1936 Edsel Ford, backed by their father Henry Ford, bought Jackson's 40,000 negatives from Livingstone's estate for "The Edison Institute," known today as The Henry Ford in Dearborn, Michigan. Eventually, Jackson's negatives were divided between the Colorado Historical Society (views west of the Mississippi), and the Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Division (all other views).
Later life [ edit ]
Jackson in later life
Jackson moved to Washington, D.C., in 1924, and produced murals of the Old West for the new U.S. Department of the Interior building. They also acted as a technical advisor for the filming of Gone with the Wind.
William Henry Jackson also attended the 75th anniversary commemoration and the 1938 Gettysburg reunion, in July 1938.[15]
In 1942, Jackson died at the age of 99 in New York City.[5] They were honored by the Explorer's Club for their 80,000 photographs of the American West. They were also memorialized by the Adventurers' Club of New York, of which they were an active member. The SS William H Jackson steamship was in active service in 1945. Recognized as one of the last surviving Civil War veterans, they were buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Mount Jackson el. 8,231 feet (2,509 m) just north of the Madison River, in the Gallatin Range of Yellowstone National Park is named in honor of Jackson.[16][17]
Gallery [ edit ]
Media related to William Henry Jackson at Wikimedia Commons
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Complaint. Parents on Thursday stormed the school complaining about the forced circumcision of their children without their consent. They said the circumcision has since driven their children out of school
By JOSEPH EIGU ONYANGO
SOROTI.
Parents have protested the circumcision of their underage children studying at Oderai Primary School in Soroti sub-county, Soroti District.
At least 25 pupils were circumcised on Monday without consent of their parents and most of them have since not returned to school.
The exercise targeted children from Primary Three to Primary Seven aged between 11 to 15. They were circumcised at Soroti Health Centre III. The exercise was facilitated by Baylor Uganda, a non governmental organisation.
Parents said the circumcised children preferred to stay back at their respective homes because they are still feeling pain.
The protesting parents on Thursday stormed the school complaining to the administration about the forced circumcision of their children without their consent.
The situation was rescued after the intervention of police headed by Soroti Police Community Liaison Officer, Mr Otelu Eyatu and the officer in charge of Child and Family Protection Unit at Soroti Central Police Station, Ms Florence Atim.
Parents protest
Most parents were opposed to the circumcision and told the police officers that they wanted the teachers and the health workers to produce the foreskins from their children's reproductive organs.
“I have always advised my children never to get circumcised. I am asking the school and the health workers to produce the foreskin of my son's penis. I want to see it physically,” Ms Hellen Ademun, one of the protesting parents charged at the school administration.
They were overcome by emotion and cried. This prompted police to convene an urgent meeting at the school compound with the school administrators and parents.
Mr Moses Michael Ourum, a father of three circumcised children, told police one of their brother's children had gone missing.
“One of our children is not seen both at home and school because they ran away from Soroti Health Centre III after seeing their brothers yelling in pain,” Mr Ourum said.
A parent, William Okello of Oderai village, said they learnt of the circumcision on Wednesday when their son in Primary Seven refused to return to school.
“I asked the boy to tether the cattle in the bush but they did not come out of bed. When I checked him, I found blood flowing all over their private parts. I asked them what had happened and they told us they had been circumcised,” Mr Okello said.
The parents said they were considering suing the school and health workers for forcibly circumcising their children without their consent.
Mr Eyatu grilled the school head-teacher, Ms Stella Bertha Okello, as to say who authorised the exercise, but they said they had been away on sick leave and their deputy, Ms Catherine Acalo, had been running the school.
Ms Acalo said they authorised the exercise because it was being led by the district medical workers.
However, Mr Eyatu told them it was wrong to allow circumcision of underage children without their parents' knowledge.
They convened a school assembly and told the pupils to focus on their books and not allow to be taken out of school again.
The official in charge of Soroti Health Centre III, Ms Harriet Amuat, insisted they were carrying out a government programme and Soroti District administration had signed a partnership with Baylor Uganda to fund the circumcision exercise in Teso sub-region.
“We have not yet received any complaint from the parents about the sick children. We also have staff monitoring them,” Ms Amuat said.
The biggest takeaway for audiences as they soak in NBC's This Is Us is the element of emotional surprise.
And with the network announcing two more seasons today–a total of 36 episodes–the question is how long can this motif remain fresh.
Rex/Shutterstock
“Our theme on the show is how life will surprise you. We attack it as writers,” said creator Dan Fogelman at TCA today, “you can take your family and the revealing pieces of information aren't necessarily that a young woman wound up with a different husband many years down the line, but it's the order we choose to tell the story.”
While Fogelman wouldn't reveal many details, they did mention two things about the future of This Is Us, “there's a before and after to the family, there's a hinge and it's before and after Jack (‘s death — Milo Ventimiglia's character). That will be interested in future seasons to show where that hinge was slowly and surely.”
In addition, Fogelman mentioned that fans shouldn't expect a spinoff series of This Is Us anytime soon.
“We're still so early,” said the creator, “Rather than doing a spinoff, I'd rather keep it in the series at first.”
Fogelman referenced as an example Tuesday's episode which took place before the pilot when the family's three kids were born, and also featured Gerald McRaney as the doctor who delivered two of the. In addition, there's an upcoming episode that's entirely with Sterling K. Brown's Randall Pearson character.
Said the creator, “If well-executed, what would be a spinoff can just be done as an arc or a couple of episodes in our series. It helps make it so that the series doesn't become the same thing over and over and over again and start boring the audience.”
A block of 86 lines of C# code is creating a buzz online following claims it may make BitTorrent downloads untraceable.
The code, sweetly named SeedFucker, is actually an exploit discovered last November that would allow a BitTorent user to fake the IP address of a server from where a file could be downloaded. It could also be used to flood a BitTorrent with dozens of fake peers. The sudden interest in the exploit follows measures in a new UK law, passed last week, where ISPs may be obliged to provide IP addresses to the authorities of files that are said to be infringing copyright.
Since the Digital Economy Bill passed in a heavily criticised “wash-up” process in the final Parliamentary session before a general election, coders have been working hard on developing a new generation of download software that will make it impossible even for ISPs to identify where files are being stored.
It is unlikely that SeedFucker in its current form would achieve that goal, but the exploit itself has coders excited about the possibilities of a truly anonymous downloading system.
Of course, this is not the first time that heavy-handed action on the part of the authorities has caused a rapid evolution in software used to spread files around the Internet. Most famously, Napster was shutdown by the music industry because it allowed people to share and download music files. The weak point in that case was Napster's own servers which made the connections between users and files.
No sooner had Napster been taken down than a new method of file sharing, BitTorrent, was rapidly adopted. BitTorrent allows people to share files held on their hard drives across the Internet in very small pieces, with every person downloading each piece also becoming a source for download so long as they maintain an Internet connection. (The Napster shutdown also led to a big increase in size of the so-called Dark Net where private Internets are set up and taken down outside the view of any authorities).
The BitTorrent iteration led to extensive efforts to shut down websites that held the initial seed files needed to start a download, with mixed success. The Pirate Bay became the target of international pressure after it thumbed its nose at both the music and film industries after broadband speeds made the exchange of video files a practical reality. The organization's website was briefly taken down after a raid by the Swedish authorities.
With companies now determinedly lobbying governments to force the providers of Internet access themselves – ISPs – to provide details of exchanged files, coders are working on ways to further anonymize the process.
How successful that approach will be, or whether it is an inevitability given enough time, we shall have to see, but watching the enthusiasm surrounding SeedFucker, it is certain that if a solution is found it will rapidly make a mockery of the laws hurriedly passed without sufficient democratic review last week.
And after that, where then? Legally enforced requirements for software to use specific port numbers? Mandatory use of iPads so only Steve Jobs can decide what you can use the Internet for? Who knows? ®
Expansion in the second quarter — faster than the annualized growth rate in the first quarter of 1.1 percent — was driven by gains in consumer spending, exports, private inventory investment, nonresidential fixed investment and residential fixed investment. Residential fixed investment, which reflects the sharp rebound in housing construction, has been one of the brightest spots in the economy so far this year, growing at an annualized rate of 12.9 percent in the second quarter and 12.5 percent in the first.
The shrinking government continues to drag on the economy. State and local government spending has declined almost every quarter for the last four years, and federal government spending fell during about half of those quarters. The upward revision to gross domestic product last quarter primarily reflected the fact that exports turned out to be higher than initially estimated and imports were actually slightly lower.
“The good news is that the economy accelerated in the second quarter to a degree that was even better than expected,” said James M. Baird, chief investment officer for Plante Moran Financial Advisors. “However, it's also clear that wary consumers and businesses haven't fully bought in to an imminent return to more robust growth and will not go ‘all in' on spending and investment.”
The revisions seemed to further convince economists that the Federal Reserve will begin tapering its large-scale asset purchases at its September meeting. The Fed chairperson, Ben S. Bernanke, has said that the central bank would slow these stimulus measures later this year, but did not specify when.
Photo: Kenny Mathieson, Design: Zoe Koperski
I wasn't hugely looking forward to my journey Inside Pussy Riot (until 24 December). Billing itself as an “immersive theatrical punk production” and devised by theatre group Les Enfants Terribles, the hour-long experience takes audiences through the arrest and imprisonment of the post-punk protest group Pussy Riot following their 2012 performance of a “punk prayer” inside Moscow's Cathedral of Christ the Saviour.
The piece particularly draws on the experience of Pussy Riot's Nadya Tolokonnikova, who served 16 months of a two-year sentence for hooliganism mostly in Russia's notorious Mordovia penal colony.
Recreating the humiliation, intimidation and forced labour of a Russian gulag might seem like the ultimate in misery porn—especially when it's taking place in the Saatchi Gallery, just a stone's throw from Sloane Square and the affluent retail mecca of King's Road.
Then there was the converse conundrum that, if it wasn't tough enough, the experience would just be a mildly titillating interlude before popping back to the shops. The prospect of spending a long time wearing a wooly balaclava didn't thrill me, either.
Suffice to say, yes, there are compulsory balaclavas—and prison overalls. And yes, there are episodes of being barked-at by dominatrix-style prison officers and having to perform pointless and laborious tasks. There were also times when exaggerated satire and stylised, Dada-esque theatricality kept uncomfortable company with a simultaneous attempt to convey the dehumanising and inhuman cruelties of the Russian penal system.
Photo: Kenny Mathieson, Design: Zoe Koperski
But while Inside Pussy Riot may be somewhat crude and clunky in parts, more often I found myself surprisingly challenged and shocked, not only by situations presented to me but also by how I responded—or failed to respond—to them.
Towards the end, while we are in “solitary confinement” Tolokonnikova themselves whispers persuasively and intimately into each audience member's ear, reminding us of our individual and collective power. These words were still reverberating when, having finally been released from my brief sojourn in captivity and peeling off my numbered uniform, I spotted a small wall-mounted folder, sarcastically labelled “Homework”.
Inside, single sheets of A4 each list eight simple and straightforward ways in which we can take action to change the status quo. Having been Inside Pussy Riot, your cynical correspondent now resolves to act on some of them—especially as none involve wearing a balaclava. For as the Desmond Tutu quote printed by the exit states, “If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.”
President Donald Trump at a press conference in the White House. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
President Donald Trump's approval rating — at 40%, according to Gallup— is 21 percentage points below the historical average for presidents one month into their tenure, as they end a rocky opening month marked by a high-profile legal battle and the resignation of their national security adviser amid questions over their ties to Russia.
Presidents Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan held the previous lows, at 51% and 55%, respectively, since Gallup began surveying in the 1950s.
"It is clear that Trump has not enjoyed the same honeymoon phase their predecessors had — and to the extent they have had one, it has only been among their fellow Republicans. Trump's approval ratings are substantially lower than any prior president's at this point in their administration," Gallup's Jeffrey M. Jones wrote.
In line with Gallup's poll, a recent Pew Research survey showed that current views of Trump are deeply polarized and much more negative than positive.
That poll of 1,503 adults found that while Trump's approval among Republicans and Republican-leaning voters was in line with past presidents' approval ratings within their own parties, their approval rating among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independent voters were at record lows. Seventy-five percent of those surveyed felt strongly either about their approval of disapproval of Trump.
Trump's now-scrapped executive order on immigration, which banned most travel from seven majority-Muslim nations, was more unpopular — 38% approved and 59% disapproved — in the recent Pew poll than in polling two weeks ago.
The Pew poll also found that large majorities, ranging from 56% to 68%, find fault in Trump's character — saying that they are not even-tempered, not a good communicator, not trustworthy, not well-informed, and does not care about "people like me."
The poll also found that a majority are concerned about Trump's conflicts of interest and respect for democratic institutions.
But on the economy, Trump's approval ratings were higher — 43% approve of how they are handling the economy, while 47% disapprove.
The sharp demographic split among those surveyed reflects patterns in surveys throughout the election, with the majority of racial minorities, people under 49, and women holding unfavorable opinions of Trump and the majority of white people, men, and whites without a college degree holding favorable opinions.
At a press conference on Thursday, Trump cited a 55% approval rating from Rasmussen's daily presidential tracking poll. But the Rasmussen poll stands as an anomaly. The Real Clear Politics average of 11 major polls puts Trump's approval rating at 44.6% and disapproval rating at 50.3%. Coming into office, Trump had the lowest and only net-negative rating for a new president in recent history.
Trump denounced low approval ratings as "fake news" in a series of tweets last week, after dismissing polls in January that showed they would be the lowest-rated incoming president in modern history.
It seems as though Michael Moore is still bitter from last November's election and directing anti-Republican movies as a creative and cathartic outlet. After all, who can forget their movie Fahrenheit 9/11 mocking George W. Bush and their War on Terror. Brent Bozell called it a "flagrant foul on the facts."
Moore has now teamed up with their former collaborators to produce Fahrenheit 11/9, a play on the title of their Bush-bashing movie, though this time the date signifies the day after Donald J. Trump was elected president...and liberals compared it to a "moral 9/11." An announcement about the movie this past Tuesday stated the movie “is aimed at dissolving Trump's 'teflon' shield and their presidency.”
Harvey Weinstein's company the Weinstein Company (TWC) is producing the film, much like the tag team they were back in the days of producing Fahrenheit 9/11. It's no surprise, considering Weinstein is one of the most powerful, influential and richest heavy-hitters in Hollywood, not to mention one of the most liberal. Weinstein oozed over the new project:
“There is no greater part of what we can do right now than to have the power to bring Michael Moore to a mass audience. When we had the opportunity to work with them on Fahrenheit 9/11, we were so persistent that we ultimately had to part ways from Disney and we lost our beloved Miramax, named after our parents, because we believed so strongly in the message. The movie broke all records then [as a documentary, albeit hardly "nonfiction"], and we plan to do so again. This movie will have one of the most innovative distribution plans ever. Now more than ever, Michael's appetite for the truth is crucial. We are ecstatic to be a part of this revolution.
Um, wait a minute. Does anyone remember George W. Bush losing the election in 2004 due to Michael Moore? And yet, Moore thinks their new movie will be the end of Trump:
But Italy may not be at the precipice yet, analysts say. Even though its nearly 2 trillion euros, or $2.7 trillion, in debt is worth 120 percent of its gross domestic product, it is a far stronger and wealthier economy than Greece or the other smaller nations. Italy's relatively small budget deficit compares well to some other larger nations elsewhere in Europe , like Britain .
Italy could withstand interest rates at this level longer than weaker countries like Greece, analysts say, and there are a number of things that may yet happen to ease the crisis — for example, if Italy elected a new government credibly committed to fixing its debt woes and restarting growth. Also, European leaders could more clearly formulate the terms of a proposed, much-vaunted bailout fund and put it to work, or the E.C.B. could step in more vigorously to buy Italian debt.
“Italy is not nearly in as bad of a situation as some observers may suspect,” said Marc Chandler, an economist at Brown Brothers Harriman.
The sharp market moves sent shudders across Europe, raising concern that this could be a moment when its markets would finally seize up in the way they did after Lehman Brothers collapsed in the United States in 2008. But they did not appear to set off quick policy reactions from European officials or, apart from bond buying by the European Central Bank , by central banks around the world including the Federal Reserve.The new euro-era record for Italian bond yields of 7.48 percent is close to the level that earlier prompted financial bailouts for Greece, Ireland and Portugal. One of Europe's big clearing houses, where traders settle bond purchases, raised its margin requirements in response to the perceived increased riskiness of Italian debt, further unnerving investors.
Photo
The stocks of European bank that hold large amounts of Italian debt fell. And the cost of insuring Italian debt as measured by credit default swaps rose to record levels.
The bond interest rates later fell back slightly to about 7.3 percent, but only after the European Central Bank was reported to be buying Italian bonds again. This suggests many private investors are fleeing Italian debt, raising worrying questions about how Italy will finance itself when it needs to sell billions of dollars of debt at a key auction next week.
A spokesperson for the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday that the fund currently had no plans to offer Italy financial assistance.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's really up to Italy to act,” said one European official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Another senior European official, who also spoke on condition of anonymity, said: “It's not a time for bailouts, it's a time for them to implement policies.”
There is a feeling among several European leaders that all the E.C.B. buying so far has only allowed Italy to stall its fiscal and political reforms, and perhaps the market pressure on Italy is needed to make its government react as it should, the officials said.
The crisis in Italy started in July when investors began to fear financial contagion could spread from Greece. As bond yields began to march steadily higher, the European Central Bank stepped in to buy Italian debt.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
With French banks among some of the biggest holders of Italian debt, the fear is that the crisis could now spread forcefully from Italy into the heart of the euro zone. French yields also rose worryingly on Wednesday to above 3 percent.
The only way to save Italy and stop the contagion, many economists believe, is for the E.C.B. to buy Italian bonds on a much more aggressive scale than it has so far been prepared to do. But while the E.C.B. will not let the euro fail, analysts said it would avoid bailing out Italy as long as possible, to keep the pressure on Mr. Berlusconi and other Italian leaders to make reforms by cutting spending and removing impediments to growth.
Italy poses “the real danger to Europe and the world economy,” Barclays Capital said in a research note. “Yields on Italian government debt have reached new highs, and are at levels that we consider clearly unsustainable.”
Video
As painful as a Greek default would be, the world economy faces a much graver threat if investors abandon Italian debt and the cost of borrowing for the Italian government becomes prohibitive. Italy is the world's fourth largest borrower after the United States, Japan and Germany . Indeed, it owes more than the other troubled countries on the periphery of Europe — Greece, Ireland, Portugal, and Spain — put together.
On the Continent, French banks are the most exposed, holding more than $100 billion worth of sovereign Italian bonds and on the line for another $300 billion loans to private borrowers like Italian companies and consumers.
French banks are heavily exposed because they moved aggressively into Italy over the last decade buying Italian rivals, and operating extensive branch networks. BNP Paribas , which bought Italy's Banca Nazionale del Lavoro five years ago, holds 12.2 billion euro worth of Italian sovereign debt, despite reducing its Italian bond holdings by 40 percent since the summer.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Crédit Agricole, another Gallic financial giant, holds 8.7 billion euros worth of Italian bonds. Société Générale , whose shares have been pounded in recent months on fears of a Greek default, holds roughly $1.6 billion in Italian bonds.
Shares of all three French giants were down more than 2 percent in trading in Paris on Wednesday.
French banks could also serve as transmission lines for problems at American institutions if the debt crisis on the Continent worsens. Unlike Greek banks, or even Italian banks, French banks are global giants who trade hundreds of billions of dollars each day with their American counterparts, especially through complex derivatives trades where Société Générale and BNP Paribas are among the world's biggest players.
Indeed, the heightened European fears took a sharp toll on American bank stocks Wednesday. In midday trading, shares of Citigroup were down 5 percent, while JPMorgan Chase was off 4.3 percent.
A senior investment banker at a large European institution said that the E.C.B. was buying some Italian bonds on Wednesday, but the amounts were not large. But another banker in London said the E.C.B. had bought an estimated 2.75 billion euros in bonds on Wednesday, of which 2.5 billion euros was Italian debt, a large number by E.C.B. standards.
According to one Rome -based banker who speaks regularly with the Italian government, it has been foreign investors more than their local counterparts that have been the majority sellers of Italian debt. They pointed to two main reasons for this: the fact that the European Banking Authority is making a push for European banks to mark their sovereign debt to market levels as well as increased margin requirements from clearing houses.
But analysts point to another factor as well. Italy is the only country among Europe's weaker nations that offers investors the opportunity to buy or sell futures contracts tied to Italian bonds. Though the feature was presented initially as a way for investors to hedge their exposures, investors who want to make a negative bet on the euro zone can sell Italian bond futures — which adds to the already significant downward pressure coming from investors who are unloading their bond holdings directly.
Courtesy of Fortis Hospital It sounds like something out of a horror flick, but doctors in India say they found and removed a 5-inch live worm from a man's eye.
PK Krishnamurthy, 75, came to Fortis Hospital in Mumbai complaining of "itching and irritation" in their right eye for the past two weeks, BBC News reported.
More from GlobalPost: Talking urinal cakes used to curb drunk driving in Michigan
Eye expert Dr V. Seetharaman told Agence France-Press they were shocked by what they found -- a writing, threadlike parasite swimming around in the man's eye.
"It was wriggling there under the conjunctiva," they told AFP. "It was the first time in my career of 30 years that I had seen such a case."
More from GlobalPost: Israel: Miss Holocaust Survivor, 79, crowned amid controversy
Doctors rushed Krishnamurthy to surgery, fearing serious damage, but were able to safely removed the creature as their horrified wife, Saraswati, watched, the Mumbai Mirror reported.
"It just kept moving and jumping," they told the Mirror. "It was scary for a bit."
The worm has been sent to the hospital's microbiologists for testing, AFP reported.
The case was "extremely unusual" and Krishnamurthy was lucky the worm did not end up in their brain, Dr. S Narayani, the hospital's medical director, told the BBC.
It's not clear how the worm got there, but such parasites often enter a person's body through their bloodstream, Narayani told the BBC.
By David Jacobson, Temblor
Check your hazard rank
At 12:30 a.m. local time early this morning, a M=5.8 earthquake struck western Montana, and based on felt reports from the USGS was felt as far away as Seattle and Portland, which are both over 730 km away. By 8:30 a.m. in Montana, over 13,000 people had filled out a felt report on the USGS website, highlighting how widely felt this quake was. Despite this, no reports of damage or injuries have been reported, though there were power outages in the small town on Lincoln 11 km from the epicenter. Additionally, a gas leak was reported in the state capital of Helena 53 km away. According to the ShakeMap, very strong shaking was felt close to the epicenter, with seismic energy quickly dissipating. So far, there have been 14 aftershocks with magnitudes ranging from 2.5-4.9. What should also be pointed out in the map below is that in the last two weeks, there were two small magnitude quakes in this area. One of these was only a day ago. While not necessarily foreshocks, these small quakes show that the area is indeed active.
This morning's earthquake occurred at a depth of 13.6 km, and had a focal mechanism suggesting strike-slip motion. According to the USGS, this is consistent with right-lateral faulting within the Lewis and Clark line. This is a zone that extends for approximately 400 km from northern Idaho to east of Helena, Montana. Faults within the Lewis and Clark line have strike-slip, dip-slip, and/or oblique-slip motion. In close proximity to today's earthquake is the St. Mary's-Helena Valley Fault, a large right-lateral strike-slip structure. However, this fault is to the east of the epicenter, meaning today's quake was likely on an unmapped structure.
In the Temblor map above, which shows the USGS Quaternary Fault Database, one can see that there are very few mapped faults in the immediate vicinity of the quake. However, we believe that this mapping is incomplete, as is evident by the additional faults added in. These faults were added based on the geomorphology, and old structural maps of the region. Despite this, based on strain accumulation and the last 40 years of earthquakes, which the Global Earthquake Activity Rate (GEAR) uses, today's quake is an extremely rare event, and the largest event in western Montana since the 1959 M=7.3 Hebgen Lake earthquake. In the Temblor map below, the GEAR model is shown, highlighting the rarity of the earthquake. Furthermore, USGS geophysicist Robert Sanders said in an interview to the Los Angeles Times, “It's not impossible, but it is a very rare event.”
References
USGS
University of Utah Seismograph Stations
C. A. WALLACE, D. J. LIDKE, R. G. SCHMIDT, Faults of the central part of the Lewis and Clark line and fragmentation of the Late Cretaceous foreland basin in west-central Montana, GSA Bulletin, August 1990.
R.G. Schmidt, J.S. Loen, C.A. Wallace, and H.M. Mehnert, Geology of the Elliston Region, Powell and Lewis and Clark Counties, Montana, USGS Bulletin 2045, , 1994
LA Times
CNN
It's not often an ecologist gets to play sleuth in so adventurous a fashion—picking through musty papers in the Midwest for 100-year-old hand-drawn maps that lead through dense Alaskan underbrush populated by wolves and brown bears. But that's how scientist Brian Buma tracked down the work of a legend—a godfather of modern ecology so prominent in their field that the Ecological Society of America has an award named after him.
Buma, a University of Alaska, Southeast, assistant professor, was hunting for nine tiny patches of land in the enormous wilderness of Alaska's Glacier Bay National Park. These square-meter-sized plots first mapped in 1916 by botanist William Skinner Cooper were central to one of the longest-running natural experiments in science, and to our understanding one of the most-studied and dynamic places in the country.
Cooper knew the rich history of Glacier Bay, had read the expedition diaries of Capt. George Vancouver from the 18th century, had followed naturalist John Muir's canoe trips, when Muir compared its geology to Yosemite Valley's. Cooper even had led the charge to have the region declared a national monument, 55 years before it became a national park in 1980.
Climate 101: Glaciers
But the hidden patches where Cooper had done groundbreaking work that still makes it into college textbooks somehow had been lost to time. Buma aimed to find it.
"I grew up with Indiana Jones and I've always liked discovery and finding old things, chasing down forgotten places, pushing the boundaries," Buma says. "This had it all."
So, last summer, a century after Cooper began, Buma carted historical photos, a metal detector, and bear mace, and, funded by a National Geographic grant, they uncovered Cooper's worksites. Now he's using them to reframe our thinking about the surprising ways plant communities may shift with climate change. In a paper published Thursday by the Ecological Society of America, they showed, as Cooper before him, that as glacial ice in the bay recedes faster than almost anywhere on Earth, new shrubs and forests are springing up, just not as simply and uniformly as one might expect.
"People used to assume that plant communities change in a very orderly way, that every time you go to a forest that's a thousand years old, everything got there in the same way," Buma says. "But there was no way to test that assumption without observing a landscape over a long time, which is what Cooper tried to do. And now we've revived it."
View Images These images show how specific plots have changed dramatically over the decades. Courtesy Brian Buma
Chasing an Old Mystery
For Buma, it started as a mystery. The first non-indigenous recorded sighting of Glacier Bay came in 1794, when British explorer Vancouver's expedition described a 20-mile wide patch of ice some 4,000 feet thick, a shoreline "terminated by solid compact mountains of ice." By 1879 when the region was visited by Muir, who was hoping to see in real time how glaciers carve landscapes, that ice had retreated almost 50 miles as part of its natural process.
In 1916, Cooper came along, and in the sterile rubble beneath the melting ice they used maps drawn by Vancouver to walk off small plots in which to track, over time, what grew in their place. Over the years and then decades, as rich soils and spruce seedlings and willows emerged, they and their students noted the randomness of the new landscapes, how each section began to appear slightly different than the others, based on the vagaries and randomness of nature. As they aged, their students took over documenting in detail how the region grew and changed.
"That's what Cooper recognized right away," says Lewis Sharman, an ecologist with the park. "Here's this opportunity to conduct this long-term experiment and learn about this dynamic landscape over time."
Says Buma, "He established the longest-running successional plot network in the world; information from those plots forms our understanding of ecology today. It was foundational stuff."
But by the early 1990s, the plots had been abandoned. The last person who knew where they were had died. This famous landscape was still shifting, but this unique window was gone.
So Buma traveled to the University of Minnesota archives. They unearthed Cooper's original data, including old photographs, hand-written notebooks from 1916, and sketched maps. Cooper's directions were like those on a pirate map: Go to a big rock and turn 15 degrees north and at 45 paces you'll find a smaller rock. Buma photocopied every scrap.
They trekked to Alaska and kayaked to the farthest reaches of Glacier. But, of course, everything had changed. Magnetic north had moved. The rocks had been replaced with iron spikes. They waded through willows as thick as a child's jungle gym. "Sometimes it took an hour to go half a mile." They saw bears and wolves.
But they also found the plots. And they were revealing.
View Images Forest has quickly sprung up in this area over the course of the study. Courtesy Brian Buma
Rewriting Textbooks?
One plot was thick with 8-foot willows, with old dead trees forming a dense thicket on the ground. Sixty feet away another plot, now shaded by the bow of a large spruce, held barely anything but needles. Some willow sections looked the same as they did 100 years ago. Others were now parts of an alder forest.
"For a layperson it's a fascinating thing. It shows how unpredictable nature can be," Buma says. "The chance fall of willow seeds in one spot and other seeds in another can really make a difference. You kick a rock in here and see the effects 100 years later."
Many ecology books that talk about plant succession suggest "first you get herbs, then mat-forming plants, then shrubs and early successional trees," Buma says. "These assumptions are built into many models"—including many of the ones scientists use to predict the effects of climate change. Cooper's purpose, Buma says, was a rejection of this tendency to rely so heavily on such inference in favor of direct observation.
As glaciers retreat and plants move north and uphill, many scientists suspect forests will expand. But Buma says it might not be so simple. "We're not seeing much of that," they say. "We're seeing willows and shrubs take over and monopolize."
They know it's impossible to draw landscape-scale conclusions from such small plots, but that doesn't mean there aren't lessons. Species will respond differently to warming, and some moving north will block others. "It's often the little ones that inhibit the big ones because they can move faster," Buma says.
In other words, Buma says, "models that predict an orderly process may be naive."
Sharman, for one, is grateful that Buma now plans to continue where Cooper left off.
A team of UC Davis scientists has found that a product resulting from a metabolized omega-3 fatty acid helps combat cancer by cutting off the supply of oxygen and nutrients that fuel tumor growth and spread of the disease.
The scientists report their discovery in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS). The groundbreaking study was a collaboration among multiple UC Davis laboratories and Harvard University.
The metabolite is epoxy docosapentaenoic acid (EDP), an endogenous compound produced by the human body from the omega-3 fatty acid named docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which is found in fish oil and breast milk. In animal studies, the UC Davis scientists found that EDP inhibits angiogenesis, the formation of new blood vessels in the body.
Tumors grow and spread by hijacking the normal biological process of angiogenesis, which plays a role in wound repair as well in growth and development. The UC Davis researchers determined that by inhibiting angiogenesis, EDP reduces the growth and spread (metastasis) of tumors in mice. The research provides the first scientific evidence about EDP's potent anti-cancer, anti-metastatic effects.
EDP works by a different mechanism than many current anti-cancer drugs that block angiogenesis.
“Our investigation opens up a new understanding of the pathways by which omega-3 fatty acids exert their biologic effects,” said Guodong Zhang, the lead author of the article and a postdoctoral researcher in the laboratory of Bruce Hammock in the Department of Entomology and the UC Davis Comprehensive Cancer Center.
The researchers said that future studies hopefully will determine that stabilized EDP can be safely and effectively combined with other current anti-angiogenesis drugs in the treatment of cancer.
“As far as we know, EDPs are the first signaling lipids that have been discovered to have such potent anti-cancer effects. Researchers may be able to use EDPs as structural targets to develop stable analogs as anti-cancer agents,” Zhang said.
“The study by Zhang and colleagues has uncovered a previously unrecognized anti-cancer effect of omega-3 fatty acids, which are an important lipid component of diets that have been developed to prevent heart disease and cancer,” said Jonathan R. Lindner, professor of medicine at Oregon Health & Sciences University.
“The authors have demonstrated that metabolites of these lipids can act to suppress the growth of new blood vessels that are necessary to feed tumor growth,” added Lindner, who was not involved in the study. “By shutting off a tumor's blood supply, these compounds can act to dramatically slow tumor growth and prevent spread. The results from this study suggest that new drug strategies for fighting cancer could emerge from knowledge of how the body uses nutrition to promote health.”
The EDPs are broken down in the body by the enzyme soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH). In previous research, Hammock's lab showed that inhibitors of the sEHI enzyme (sEHIs) help to normalize physiological activity. In the current study, UC Davis researchers determined that the addition of sEHI stabilized EDP in circulating blood thereby producing EDPs' anti-tumor effects. The FDA-approved anti-cancer drugs sorafenib and regorafenib are also potent sEHIs.
“It may be possible to improve the efficacy of these anti-cancer drugs by combining them with a diet high in omega-3 and low in omega-6 fatty acids,” Hammock said.
The researchers also found that a metabolite of arachidonic acid (ARA), an omega-6 fatty acid, has the opposite effect of EDP. The ARA metabolite, epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs), slightly increases angiogenesis and tumor progression in mice.
“There is no free lunch,” said Katherine W. Ferrara, professor in the UC Davis Department of Biomedical Engineering. “The EETs encourage wound healing, while the EDPs block the growth and metastasis of solid tumors.
“Our results designate EDPs and EETs as unique mediators of an angiogenic switch to regulate tumorigenesis,” Ferrara said. "They also implicate a novel mechanistic linkage between omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and cancers."
UC Davis scientists determined that EDP starves tumors by inhibiting vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and fibroblast growth factor-2 (FGF-2)-induced angiogenesis in mice. In laboratory cultures, EDP also suppresses the endothelial cell migration needed for new blood vessels.
Thus, EDP-based angiogenesis inhibitors offer an advantage over angiogenesis inhibitors that target the VEGF-VEGFR2 pathway. The drugs that target the VEGF-VEFGFR2 pathway increase patients' risk for high blood pressure.
Because EDPs widen the blood vessels, a medication based on the UC Davis researchers' discovery should not increase the patient's risk for high blood pressure.
Harvard researchers Mark Kieran and Dipak Panigrahy conducted the metastasis studies. The in vivo imaging work that allowed the scientists to monitor tumors in living mice was done in Ferrara's UC Davis laboratory.
Sen. Bob Corker said in a statement that current threats make it “perhaps more important than ever that we have a sober national conversation about Congress' constitutional role in authorizing the use of military force.” | Jacquelyn Martin/AP Photo Niger attack fuels new push for war vote Calls to update the 2001 authorization come as the Pentagon telegraphs more such missions in more places.
Some lawmakers, citing the deaths of four U.S. soldiers ambushed by terrorists in Niger, called on Congress on Friday to reconsider the broad war authority it granted in 2001 — as the Pentagon telegraphed that more such missions in more places are likely in the offing.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee announced it will hear testimony next week from Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on the 16-year-old Authorization for Use of Military Force that is now being used to justify military operations in numerous countries.
Story Continued Below
Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said in a statement that current threats make it “perhaps more important than ever that we have a sober national conversation about Congress' constitutional role in authorizing the use of military force.”
For some on Capitol Hill, the attack in Niger highlights the need for updated legislation that takes into account the myriad operations against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups on several continents.
"The many questions surrounding the death of American service members in Niger show the urgent need to have a public discussion about the current extent of our military operations around the world," said Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), another panel member.
Such far-flung counter-terrorism missions are what critics like Kaine contend were never conceived of when Congress voted after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks to invade Afghanistan, where the Al Qaeda plot was conceived.
Morning Defense newsletter Sign up for Morning Defense, a daily briefing on Washington's national security apparatus. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“The 2001 AUMF is not a blank check giving U.S. presidents the sole power to decide whether, where, and against whom our troops will fight,” said Ed Markey (D-Mass.), another Foreign Relations Committee member.
Kaine and Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona are pushing a new authorization to govern the military campaigns against organizations like ISIS and Al Qaeda and repeal the 2001 AUMF.
"For sixteen years, Congress has remained largely silent on this issue, allowing administrations to go to war anywhere, anytime," Kaine added. "A new AUMF is not only legally necessary, it would also send an important message of resolve to the American public and our troops that we stand behind them in their mission.”
Lawmakers briefed by Mattis on Friday said one message they heard was to expect more such military operations in the future.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) told reporters that the Trump administration plans to step up its counter-terrorism operations and loosen its military rules of engagement.
"The war is morphing," Graham said after meeting with Mattis. "You're going to see more actions in Africa, not less. You're going to see more aggression by the United States toward our enemies, not less. You're going to have decisions being made not in the White House, but out in the field, and I support that entire construct."
"So the rules of engagement are going to change when it comes to counter-terrorism operations," they added.
But while there is wide agreement among members of both parties that the 2001 AUMF has been stretched well beyond its intent, efforts to repeal it have fizzled with no clear consensus on a replacement.
Mattis and Tillerson, who testified at a closed Senate hearing in August, have said they have the appropriate legal authority to conduct military operations — though Mattis has called on lawmakers to pass a new resolution as a show of congressional support for the ISIS campaign.
Yet Graham, a leading hawk, said they wouldn't support a new war authorization they consider “micromanagement.”
"There's going to be an AUMF debate to come out of this because some people are going to say, 'Wait a minute, you can designate anybody you want to designate [as terrorists]?'" Graham explained. “And here's the answer: the Congress is not set up to be military commanders."
The catastrophic consequences of the non-Neutral Net will be very hard to spot, until it's too late
O
Stanford's Futurity interviews Stanford Law expert Ryan Singel and International Studies expert Didi Kuo about the meaning of a non-Neutral internet, and the pair make an excellent and chilling point about the subtle, profound ways that Ajit Pai's rollback of Net Neutrality rules to pre-2005 levels will distort and hobble the future internet.
The Pai rules allow ISPs to block rival services, but the real impact is likely to be much more subtle (and thus harder to spot in the moment and stop while there's still time).
The ISPs are much more likely to approach the existing internet services like Netflix and demand money in return for a guarantee that their bits will reach you, the ISPs' customers. The services, in turn, will simply raise their prices to make up the difference, resulting in you paying your ISP twice: once to connect to the internet, and a second time to subsidize the blackmail payments the internet services you make are now obliged to make to your ISP.
There's another, even subtler and scarier distortion at work here. The ISPs want to create steady revenue streams from these services, and so the blackmail payments they demand will not exceed the services' ability to pay. But they will limit who else can enter the market: Netflix and Youtube and the other established players were able to start because the capital needs of a video-on-demand service did not include a line item for blackmail to ISPs.
Future Netflix and Youtube challengers will have it different: their startup costs will include millions for hard-drives and marketing and bandwidth -- and millions more for bribes to the telcos.
This is bad news for people who like watching videos, but it's even worse news for people who make videos. With upstarts permanently, structurally frozen out of the market, today's incumbent providers will become much like the telcos themselves: cozy, cooperative, and more interested in colluding than competing. Some of that will take the form of explicit conspiracies, but highly concentrated, stable industries can collude without conspiring: the executives tend to have worked at all the major firms at some point in their careers, know each other socially, understand one-another's turf and territories, maintain out-of-work friendships and even intermarry. Without anyone having to draw up an agreement, these industries are perfectly capable of creating arrangements that are mutually beneficial and that freeze out any new entrants.
The online service providers understand that Pai's rules mean that they're just going to have to divert some profits to the telcos, but will not face an existential threat. They'll always have a seat at the table: but the companies that don't exist yet? They never get a seat at the table.
Here's how to understand Net Neutrality: you get in a cab and ask it to take you to a Safeway, and you notice that it's circling the block for no reason, delaying your arrival. "What gives?" you ask. The cabby explains that Whole Foods has paid for "premium carriage" by the cab firm, and so it gets "fast lane" service -- which means that everyone else gets the slow lane. The cab driver explains that running a taxi is expensive and hard work, and that choosing one grocer over another helps the cab company fund its maintenance, operations and upgrades.
That's nice for the cab company, but you didn't get into the cab to be taken to the most profitable destination for the cab company -- you got in to be taken to the place you wanted to go.
The cabbie says, "Hell, why are you being so particular? Safeway and Whole Foods aren't that different. Besides, Safeway makes decisions about what food you buy: they don't carry every possible grocery item, and they arrange their groceries in the way that suits them, not you. Why do you get pissed off when the cab company steers you toward the stores of its choosing, but you're happy to shop at a store that sends you to the items of its choosing?"
The answer, of course, is that it's none of the taxi's business. Maybe Safeway is gouging its suppliers for endcaps, and maybe it isn't, but that's between you and Safeway. You might choose to tackle that yourself, or it might not matter to you. It's not the cab company's job to tell you where to go: it's their job to go where you tell them.
Singel: The effects we're likely to see will affect users secondarily. Verizon, for instance, can now go to a Yelp or a Netflix and say, “You need to pay us X amount of money per month, so your content loads for Verizon subscribers.” And there's no other way for Netflix to get to Verizon subscribers except through Verizon, so they'll be forced to pay. That cost will then get pushed onto people that subscribe to Netflix. So what users do online will become more expensive, we'll see fewer free things, and thus the internet will become more consolidated. Websites, blogs, and startups that don't have the money to pay won't survive. I like to think of it as the internet is going to get more boring. Kuo: The worst-case scenario would be if ISPs blocked access to websites based on their content, but that scenario seems unlikely outside of a few limited applications, such as file-sharing. The ISPs have an interest in being apolitical and letting the internet remain “open,” at least in the ways that will be most apparent to consumers. More likely, the rollback of net neutrality will have consequences for start-ups and companies with a web presence. It will allow ISPs to charge companies more to reach consumers. While large technology platforms can afford to pay for fast access, start-ups and competitors will have a far more difficult time.
What could net neutrality's end mean for you? [Futurity]
(via Naked Capitalism)
Today, Mozilla is announcing a plan that grows collaboration with Microsoft, Google, and other industry leaders on MDN Web Docs. The goal is to consolidate information about web development for multiple browsers – not just Firefox. To support this collaboration, we're forming a Product Advisory Board that will formalize existing relationships and guide our progress in the years to come.
Why are we doing this? To make web development just a little easier.
“One common thread we hear from web developers is that documentation on how to build for the cross-browser web is too fragmented,” said Daniel Appelquist, Director of Developer Advocacy at Samsung Internet and Co-Chair of W3C's Technical Architecture Group. “I'm excited to be part of the efforts being made with MDN Web Docs to address this issue and to bring better and more comprehensive documentation to developers worldwide.”
More than six million web developers and designers currently visit MDN Web Docs each month – and readership is growing at a spectacular rate of 40 percent, year over year. Popular content includes articles and tutorials on JavaScript, CSS and HTML, as well as detailed, comprehensive documentation of new technologies like Web APIs.
Community contributions are at the core of MDN's success. Thousands of volunteers have helped build and refine MDN over the past 12 years. In this year alone, 8,021 users made 76,203 edits, greatly increasing the scope and quality of the content. Cross-browser documentation contributions include input from writers at Google and Microsoft; Microsoft writers have made more than 5,000 edits so far in 2017. This cross-browser collaboration adds valuable content on browser compatibility and new features of the web platform. Going forward, Microsoft writers will focus their Web API documentation efforts on MDN and will redirect relevant pages from Microsoft Developer Network to MDN.
A Broader Focus
Now, the new Product Advisory Board for MDN is creating a more formal way to absorb all that's going on across browsers and standards groups. Initial board members include representatives from Microsoft, Google, Samsung, and the W3C, with additional members possible in the future. By strengthening our relationships with experts across the industry, the Product Advisory Board will ensure MDN documentation stays relevant, is browser-agnostic, and helps developers keep up with the most important aspects of the web platform.
“The reach of the web across devices and platforms is what makes it unique, and Microsoft is committed to helping it continue to thrive,” said Jason Weber, Partner Director of Program Management, Microsoft Edge. “We're thrilled to team up with Mozilla, Google, and Samsung to create a single, great web standards documentation set on MDN for web developers everywhere.”
Mozilla's vision for the MDN Product Advisory Board is to build collaboration that helps the MDN community, collectively, maintain MDN as the most comprehensive, complete, and trusted reference documenting the most important aspects of modern browsers and web standards.
The board's charter is to provide advice and feedback on MDN content strategy, strategic direction, and platform/site features. Mozilla remains committed to MDN as an open source reference for web developers, and Mozilla's team of technical writers will continue to work on MDN and collaborate with volunteers and corporate contributors.
“Google is committed to building a better web for both users and developers,” said Meggin Kearney, Lead Technical Writer, Web Developer Relations at Google. “We're excited to work with Mozilla, Microsoft, and Samsung to help guide MDN towards becoming the best source of up-to-date, comprehensive documentation for developers on the web.”
MDN directly supports Mozilla's overarching mission. We strive to ensure the Internet is a global public resource that is open and accessible to all. We believe that our award-winning documentation helps web developers build better web experiences – which also adhere to established standards and work across platforms and devices.
MDN Board Members
A doctor affiliated with a Catholic hospital in a small British Columbia community says the facility's likely ban on assisted-dying is a violation of terminally ill patients' charter rights.
Dr. Jonathan Reggler said St. Joseph's General Hospital is the only hospital in the Comox Valley and as a Catholic facility it generally forbids doctors from helping patients die, although a formal policy has not yet been adopted.
Reggler said terminally ill patients in hospital who want a doctor's help to die will either be denied that right or have to be moved 50 kilometres to the nearest hospital in Campbell River.
Story continues below advertisement
"It is totally wrong to take this very, very vulnerable, very, very sick population and start moving them around because the owner of a hospital doesn't want this charter right available," they said in a phone interview Monday.
The hospital did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The Supreme Court of Canada struck down a ban on physician-assisted dying last year and the federal government has until June 6 to come up with replacement legislation.
Reggler is calling on the government to require all publicly funded hospitals and hospices, including faith-based organizations, to provide assisted-dying.
"This is something that the Supreme Court has said is a charter right for all Canadians, and hopefully the new federal government legislation is going to reflect that," they said. "It is not OK for a faith-based institution to say, 'It may be a charter right, but it's not available to Canadians here.' "
Reggler is a family doctor who has had privileges at St. Joseph's hospital since 2003. The 241-bed facility in Comox, B.C., serves the region of Comox Valley, with a population of about 65,000 people, on the east coast of Vancouver Island.
They said the Catholic Health Alliance of Canada has created a draft policy that they expect the hospital to adopt unless the legislation forces them to offer assisted-death.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The draft policy, available online, says while hospital staff do not condone assisted-dying, they are to treat requests without judgment or coercion and to inform patients of palliative-care options. If the patient still wants to pursue assisted-dying, they can be transferred to another facility or discharged home.
The alliance did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Reggler said many people will choose to die at home, but there will be some who don't have that option and who will need to die in a care facility.
Shanaaz Gokool, CEO of Dying With Dignity Canada, said there could be many communities across Canada where access to assisted-dying could be restricted because they are only served by faith-based hospitals.
Even in urban centres, faith-based hospitals tend to have the best palliative care wards, where people are likely to request assisted-dying, they said.
"Does religious belief trump someone's ability to access their charter right?" they asked. "We're talking about people who are desperately ill, who should be treated with as much compassion and dignity as possible."
Story continues below advertisement
Providence Health Care, a Catholic health-care provider in Vancouver that operates 10 facilities, reminded its leadership team in an internal memo last month that physician-assisted dying violates the Catholic faith and until the law changes the service will not be provided.
The Archbishop of Toronto read a statement on assisted-dying at a mass Sunday that was presented via video or written statement to more than 200 Catholic churches across the city.
In the statement, Cardinal Thomas Collins called assisted-dying "destructive to our society" and said forcing Catholic doctors to refer patients to physicians who will perform assisted suicide is tantamount to religious discrimination.
Six percent of online adults are reddit users, according to a nationally representative survey by the Pew Research Center's Internet & American Life Project. This is our first survey that specifically examines reddit as a standalone platform, and it finds that young men are especially likely to visit the site. Some 15% of male internet users ages 18-29 say that they use reddit, compared with 5% of women in the same age range and 8% of men ages 30-49.
Self-described as the “front page of the internet,” reddit is a bulletin of user-submitted text, links, photos, and videos. The site hosts active sub-communities on a wide selection of topics, ranging from world news headlines, to animal GIFs, to fan forums and various niche topics. The popularity and prominence of material on the site is determined by voting from the reddit community. reddit gained widespread publicity when President Barack Obama took part in the site's “Ask Me Anything” series in August 2012, and again in April 2013 when the site was used as a collaboration space for amateur sleuths attempting to identify the perpetrators of the Boston Marathon bombings.
Overall, men are twice as likely as women to be reddit users, those under 50 are significantly more likely to use reddit than those 50 or older, and the site is much more common among urban and suburban residents than among those living in rural areas. Indeed, just 2% of internet users ages 50 and older—and 2% of rural residents—say they use the site.
More about reddit
reddit features a user-voting system (called up- and down-voting) to rank posts, comments, and links within its sub-communities (known as subreddits). Subreddits and posts can range from the serious to the absurd, and from general topics to niche interests. The front page of reddit features popular submissions from across the site and typically rotates top posts regularly throughout the day. People who use reddit are called redditors.
reddit is often pivotal in the spread of popular memes, like Ridiculously Photogenic Guy, Overly Attached Girlfriend, and Sudden Clarity Clarence.
One of the most popular subreddits, IamA (“I am a”) features a popular question forum called Ask Me Anything (AMA). redditors with “something uncommon that plays a central role in your life” or who have experienced “a truly interesting and unique event” host a session with the prompt “I am a…..ask me anything.” Other redditors can then submit questions and comments. Examples vary from “IAmA prison guard at a maximum security prison, AMA” to “IAmA wildlife cameraman. AMA” and “IAmA Liberal Saudi Woman Living in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. AMA!” Celebrities have also participated in AMA, including Stephen Colbert, Judy Blume, Paul Krugman, and Bill Gates.
For a more in-depth overview of the site, visit Mashable's “Reddit for Beginners” or poke around the site at reddit.com.
15th episode of the sixth season of Star Trek: Voyager
"Tsunkatse" is the fifteenth episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager. The episode first aired on the UPN network on February 9, 2000. Directed by Mike Vejar, it was developed from a story by Gannon Kenney and turned into a teleplay by Robert Doherty. The episode featured Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson in a guest role as a Pendari fighter, and former Star Trek: Deep Space Nine actors J. G. Hertzler and Jeffrey Combs.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the Starfleet and Maquis crew of the starship USS Voyager after they were stranded in the Delta Quadrant far from the rest of the Federation. In this episode, Seven of Nine (Jeri Ryan) is abducted, along with Tuvok (Tim Russ), while on a survey mission and forced by their captors to fight in an arena for the entertainment of others.
The episode had originally been called "Arena". The crossover between Voyager and the UPN wrestling show WWF Smackdown was described as a "clever marketing ploy" by Russ,[1] but received a negative fan reaction on broadcast. However, it received the highest ratings of the season having been watched by 4.1 percent of all Nielsen households during sweeps month. It received mixed reviews by critics, with praise reserved for Combs and Hertzler. The fight scenes were praised by Black Belt magazine.
Plot [ edit ]
The crew are granted shore leave on an alien planet. Commander Chakotay (Robert Beltran) and Lt. B'Elanna Torres (Roxann Dawson) attend a mixed martial arts ring sport called "Tsunkatse," while Captain Kathryn Janeway (Kate Mulgrew) visits a neighboring system in the Delta Flyer. Following the match, Seven of Nine (Jeri Ryan) and Lt. Cmdr Tuvok (Tim Russ) ask Chakotay if they can study a micro-nebula on an away mission. They grant them permission, telling them that they can spend their shore leave in whatever manner they choose. Seven and Tuvok depart in a shuttle, but are captured by an alien vessel en route and Tuvok is injured. Seven is brought to Penk (Jeffrey Combs) who blackmails them into fighting in the Tsunkatse matches or else Tuvok will be refused medical treatment.
Chakotay invites other crew members to join them at the next Tsunkatse match. These include Neelix (Ethan Phillips), who is forced to restrict their activities following an allergic reaction to a homeopathic medical treatment. They arrive at the bout and Chakotay explains the rules of the fight to Neelix. The first challenger walks out, a Pendari man (Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson), and the Voyager crew are surprised when they are followed by Seven. As the two circle each other, Chakotay contacts Torres on the ship and updates them on the match, ordering them to transport Seven back to Voyager. Torres discovers that Seven is not on the planet's surface, and the fight is actually a holographic projection. Seven is defeated by the Pendari and later wakes up in the fighter's barracks where a Hirogen (J. G. Hertzler) is healing them with a dermal regenerator. Penk visits the duo and informs Seven that their next match will be to the death. After they leaf, the Hirogen promises to train them Seven accepts their training, realizing that even if Voyager can rescue them, they and Tuvok must still survive until then.
On Voyager, the crew track down the source of the holographic transmission – a much larger ship. Seven is led out for the next Tsunkatse match, and discovers that the Hirogen themselves is their opponent. As they start to fight, Voyager attacks the Tsunkatse vessel and destroys a localized shield generator. Torres transports Tuvok off the ship, but Seven isn't in the unshielded area of the ship. The Hirogen takes the advantage in the match, and Voyager's weapons are taken offline. Janeway arrives in the Delta Flyer and destroys the Tsunktase ship's signal generators which broadcast the matches. Penk reroutes power to another transmitter, thus weakening their shields. As Seven takes their position to reluctantly kill the Hirogen, both are transported onto Voyager. Afterwards, Chakotay tells the Hirogen that they are en route to transfer them to a vessel of their species. The Hirogen thanks the crew and tells them that they plan to look for their son.
Production [ edit ]
"Tsunkatse" featured The Rock, real name Dwayne Johnson, as the Pendari Champion
An early version of the script had Tuvok involved in the fighting, but it was decided that it would be more dramatic if there was a character involved who was not as adept at fighting. Instead, it was decided to have the character of Seven of Nine featured in this way which Tim Russ later described as a "clever marketing ploy" as UPN promoted that character heavily at the time.[1] The episode was originally entitled "Arena", but was subsequently renamed to "Tsunkatse".[1]
WWE wrestler and actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson appeared as the Pendari Champion in a guest role. Johnson performed their own stunts in the episode, although the other actors were represented in the fight scenes by stunt doubles.[2] They used one of their signature moves, the "Rock Bottom", during the fight scenes against Ryan's Seven of Nine as well as other wrestling moves.[3] Despite the use of stunt doubles and the choreography of the fight scenes, Ryan was still reportedly quite sore after the first day's shooting completed.[4]
The episode also featured guest appearances by actors J. G. Hertzler and Jeffrey Combs best known to Star Trek fans from the series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine where they respectively played Martok and the double role of Weyoun and Brunt.[2][4] Combs described their character as the "Don King of my quadrant",[4] but was a little uneasy about appearing on Voyager after 35 episodes of Deep Space Nine as some of the sets from their former show had been re-used in a different manner, saying "It felt like how an old person might feel going home, but things are not quite the same."[4]
Hertzler said in an interview that they based their character on the role played by Morgan Freeman in the film The Shawshank Redemption (1994). They said that "Freeman plays a lifer. A guy that's been a lifer in prison has a different attitude toward life and death."[2] Other influences included Tony Todd, who had appeared as a Hirogen in the fourth season episode "Prey", and Hertzler subsequently compared the costumes that they and Todd wore in their roles, saying "The frustrating thing for me was that Tony got to wear shoulder pads, a huge chest piece, a fabulous helmet. I didn't get any of that. I was in a skintight rubber suit. Had I been 23, I would have been much happier, but at 49?"[2]
Reception and home media release [ edit ]
"Tsunkatse" was first aired on February 9, 2000, on the UPN network during the sweeps month.[4] It received a Nielsen rating of 4.1/6 percent, meaning that it was seen by 4.1 percent of all households, and 6 percent of all of those watching television at the time of the broadcast. This placed it in sixth place during the timeslot, but was the most watched episode of the sixth season.[5][6][7] It was a slight increase in ratings compared to the previous year's episode "Bliss", which received ratings of 3.9 percent. However, it was the only episode broadcast in 2000 which saw an improvement from the same sweeps month during the previous year.[8] The episode suffered from a negative fan reaction upon release, with it seen as an attempt to crossover between Voyager and UPN's other show, WWF SmackDown.[9]
Michelle Erica Green, in their review for TrekNation, described the episode as the opposite of Gene Roddenberry's original ideals for Star Trek but enjoyed the performances of Combs and Hertzler. They thought that Chakotay was poorly characterized in the episode, and predicted that the events portrayed would typically be forgotten by the next episode.[10] Jamahl Epsicokhan at their website "Jammer's Reviews" said that they thought that the episode would be a "ratings-stunt disaster" but that it turned out to be "surprisingly okay".[11] However, they thought that the plot was absent but the episode was carried by strong guest stars and gave it a score of two and a half out of four, calling it "entertainingly assembled trash".[11]
Peter Franks reviewed the VHS release of the episode for Dreamwatch magazine, saying that it was "below average" and could have been a plot used on Star Trek: The Next Generation with Data replacing Seven of Nine.[12] In the season six review by Dreamwatch, "Tsunkatse" was given a rating of three out of five.[13] The fight scenes in the episode were reviewed by Robert W. Young for Black Belt magazine. Young described it as being "uncharacteristically cool from a martial arts perspective" and that "it was nice to see a value-judgement-free depiction of no-holds-barred competition on such a respected TV series."[14] They thought that the combat itself was believable and that Seven may have been using moves taken from Jeet Kune Do,[14] a style founded by Bruce Lee.[15] They summed it up by saying that in this episode "The martial arts of Star Trek have finally gone where no one has gone before."[14]
"Tsunkatse" was first released as a two episode VHS cassette alongside "Collective" in the United Kingdom on October 2, 2000.[16] It was included in the season six DVD set, released in the United States and Canada on December 7, 2004.[17]
See also [ edit ]
Your first name
Donald Trump is firing back after Bill Clinton said they only knew how to appeal to “angry white men.”
When the former president ran into the editor of the Bedford-Pound Ridge Record Review in Katonah, New York recently, they said that the president-elect “didn't know much.”
“One thing they do know is how to get angry, white men to vote for him,” Clinton said.
Trump didn't take the criticism sitting down.
“Bill Clinton stated that I called them after the election,” Trump tweeted Tuesday morning. “Wrong, they called me (with a very nice congratulations). They ‘doesn't know much' …”
Bill Clinton stated that I called them after the election. Wrong, they called me (with a very nice congratulations). They “doesn't know much” … — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2016
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2016
During their chat with the editor of the Bedford-Pound Ridge Record Review, Clinton also blamed Hillary Clinton's loss on FBI Director James Comey. (RELATED: Bill Clinton Blames Hillary Clinton's Loss On James Comey)
“James Comey cost them the election,” Clinton said. “We were seven percentage points up” in national polls at the time.
17 Galleries: Rutgers joins Big Ten Conference
Sitting at their desk one morning in late September, Tim Pernetti took a call from Jim Delany, commissioner of the Big 10 Conference. The message was simple and understated:
"I'm not sure we're going to do anything, but we should talk," Delany told the Rutgers athletic director.
With that one phone call, a series of events with stakes reaching into the tens of millions of dollars was set in motion — including a flurry of phone calls, hastily arranged meetings in Chicago, a gathering in Washington, called with just a few hours' notice, at least a dozen conferences with lawyers and a simultaneous series of meetings between Delany and officials from the University of Maryland.
Rutgers' future would hinge as much on those talks as their own.
Finally, last Tuesday — one day after the Big Ten officially invited Maryland to join the conference — an announcement came that surely sounded more like fantasy than reality to Rutgers' alumni, students and fans who have long craved for respect.
Rutgers would be leaving the faltering Big East Conference and in 2014 join the vaunted Big Ten, the oldest — and by some measures, richest — conference in collegiate sports.
After decades of struggling to claim a place in big-time, big-money college sports, it took just six breakneck weeks to have everything fall into place for Rutgers.
"A perfect marriage," university President Robert Barchi said of the move.
Accounts provided to The Star-Ledger by Barchi, Greg Brown, a member of the Rutgers Board of Governors, and others familiar with the talks, reveal a process that took rapid flight but nearly failed to lift off.
CRITICAL PIECE OF PUZZLE
To seal the deal that will forever change the face of Rutgers athletics, Pernetti needed poker table cool and the quick-draw sense of when to act. But no matter how badly they wanted to make it happen, Pernetti also knew there was much that was beyond their control.
The first — and most critical — piece of the puzzle came Sept. 13, when the University of Notre Dame severed its ties to the Big East and announced it was joining the Atlantic Coast Conference for all sports except football.
For years, the Big 10 has dreamed of having Notre Dame join the conference. When Notre Dame announced it was going to the ACC, Delany said publicly they were satisfied with keeping things in the Big 10 status quo. But two officials familiar with the discussions said the commissioner was upset the years-long flirtation with Notre Dame had fallen apart.
The officials requested anonymity because they are not authorized to discuss the talks publicly. Through a spokesperson, Delany refused to comment and Pernetti would not discuss specifics of the negotiations.
After the Notre Dame announcement, Pernetti saw an opening. A onetime Rutgers tight end with a reputation as a steely competitor, they own a set of credentials suitable for these times. As part of the executive team that launched CSTV, the first network devoted soley to college sports, the 42-year-old Pernetti had overseen television packages with several conferences around the country.
"I'm on the deal-making side of the business," they said in a phone interview.
Pernetti had been down this path before, in the summer of 2010 when talks between Rutgers and the Big 10 grew serious only to fizzle. Their relationship with Delany, forged over their television years, remained strong.
A few days after Notre Dame's move, Delany placed the call to Pernetti, who quickly relayed the conversation to Barchi. The newly hired Rutgers president said Pernetti routinely kept them informed on the latest turnabouts in college sports.
The two flew to Chicago during the first week of October for a meeting with Delany and other Big Ten officials at the Chicago O'Hare Hilton, Barchi said.
The first order of business was signing confidentiality agreements. Though no one mentioned Maryland specifically, the two officials familiar with the talks said Delany indicated any deal to bring Rutgers into the Big 10 hinged upon their ability to recruit another school.
At the outset, Delany floated the possibility that Rutgers build a new football stadium, the two officials said. The commissioner quickly pulled back when Rutgers pointed out it had recently poured millions into renovations of High Point Solutions Stadium in Piscataway, the officials said.
Had the Big Ten insisted on a new stadium, Barchi said, "it would have been a non-starter."
Barchi, Pernetti and Delany, all of whom grew up in New Jersey, found an easy rapport at that first meeting, and discussions moved quickly over a range of issues, the two officials familiar with the talks said.
Delany wasted no time in raising the potential of a new television deal for the conference that could capitalize on the New York-New Jersey market, they said.
TV REVENUE
The picture that emerges underscores how the talks focused on raw numbers — namely how to divide the untold bounty anticipated from fresh television contracts among the Big 10 schools.
The Big Ten Network brings each of its schools as much as $24.6 million a year. With greater access to the new college football playoffs beginning in two years, the possibility exists for millions more.
But as a new member of the conference, Rutgers would not receive a full share of the television revenue for six years. The same would hold true for Maryland.
At that Chicago meeting in early October, Rutgers officials wanted to know how much they would receive until then, the two officials said. While no one would provide an exact dollar amount, the two officials indicated that the initial payouts would nonetheless be a boon for the school, which now receives about $3.1 million a year from Big East's television revenues.
After the meeting, Pernetti and Delany talked nearly every day, the officials said. Brown, of the Board of Governors said Barchi and Pernetti kept them and other board members informed on the progress. They would not discuss specifics of those conversations.
During the first week in November, Barchi said, they and Pernetti were summoned by the Big 10 to a hastily called meeting in Washington, not far from the Maryland campus.
According to the two unnamed officials, Delany told the Rutgers contingent any deal was at least several weeks away. They still did not identify the other school they were courting. But less than a week later, on Friday, Nov, 9, Pernetti received a call from Brad Traviolia, the Big Ten's deputy commissioner, who wanted to know if Rutgers could adjust to a speeded up timetable. Pernetti told them this was not a problem, the two officials said.
dealbreaker
Unknown to Rutgers officials, Delany was holding similar talks with Maryland but they feared the deal could fall apart because of growing opposition on the Maryland campus. A charter member of the Atlantic Coast Conference, the school faces a $50 million exit fee from the league.
If the talks with Maryland collapsed, then the deal with Rutgers would be off.
Last weekend, Pernetti, in Cincinnati with the Rutgers football team, was busy with a flurry of final arrangements, one of the officials familiar with the talks said. They spoke with Delany on Friday night and again on Saturday morning, the 17th, the official said.
Delany was concerned word of the Big 10's plans were beginning to leak and they wanted to know if Rutgers officials could be nimble enough to make an announcement early in the coming week, the official said.
Just hours after Rutgers defeated Cincinnati, news broke that Maryland and Rutgers would be invited to join the Big 10.
As the Rutgers team plane landed in Newark on Saturday night, Pernetti, the coaches and players turned on their phones. Throughout the cabin rose a symphony of beeps and rings from friends and family who had heard the reports.
Last Monday morning, the Maryland Board of Regents accepted the Big 10 invitation. Hours later, Pernetti went before the Rutgers Board of Governors in what was mostly a formality. Board members were concerned about whether the university would have to pay the full $10 million exit fee required by the Big East, an amount still being negotiated, one of the officials familiar with the talks said. In what became an historic meeting, the Rutgers board ratified a merger with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and voted to accept the Big 10's invitation.
After a frantic six weeks of negotations, the deal was done and, Pernetti said, they could finally begin to relax.
At about 5 p.m. Tuesday, a few hours after standing before the cameras to announce Rutgers' new home, Pernetti brought their staff into their office and popped the champagne.
Star-Ledger staff writer Tom Luicci contributed to this report.
Follow @starledger
Yemen is facing a food crisis of "catastrophic proportions", with almost half the population going hungry and a third of children in some areas severely malnourished, aid agencies have warned.
A coalition of seven humanitarian organisations – Care International, International Medical Corps, Islamic Relief, Mercy Corps, Merlin, Oxfam and Save the Children – is urging the international community to step up aid before Yemen slides further into poverty and political instability.
The Middle Eastern country's already precarious state was highlighted on Monday when a suicide bomber attacked a military parade, killing more than 90 people and wounding at least 220. The bombing, one of the deadliest in recent years, was a setback in Yemen's battle against al-Qaida-affiliated Islamists and has heightened concerns over a country in the front line of the US global war on militants.
The aid agencies – which point out that the UN's humanitarian appeal has received only 43% of the funding it needs – are urging delegates at Wednesday's international Friends of Yemen conference to do more to tackle the food crisis.
The agencies say hunger in Yemen has doubled since 2009 and was exacerbated by last year's political upheaval, which saw the dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh ousted from power after 33 years and replaced by President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
Penny Lawrence, Oxfam's international director, said that although donors were concentrating on politics and security, they had to focus on more basic and pressing issues. "Yemeni families are at the brink and have exhausted their ways of coping with the crisis," they said.
"Failure to respond adequately to the humanitarian needs now will put more lives at risk, further entrench poverty and could undermine political transition in the country."
Them fears were echoed by Jerry Farrell, Save the Children's director in Yemen. "Political instability, conflict and high prices have left families across the country going hungry," they said. "We know that children always suffer the most when food is in short supply, and unless urgent humanitarian action is taken, Yemen will be plunged into a hunger crisis of catastrophic proportions."
Fighting in the north and south of the country has forced nearly 95,000 people to leave their homes over the last two months, bringing the total number of those displaced in the country to close to half a million.
UN estimates, meanwhile, put the number of children facing life-threatening levels of malnutrition at 267,000. Oxfam has also reported an increase in early marriage as families marry off their daughters young in order to ease the burden of the crisis.
Although the UN has so far asked for $447m [£283m] of aid, it is thought it will increase its appeal substantially next month as the situation in Yemen worsens.
"The hungry of Yemen cannot wait," said Hashem Awnallah, country director of Islamic Relief Yemen. "Donors need to heed the lessons of the Horn of Africa and respond now before the crisis further deepens."
Britain, which will co-chair the Friends of Yemen conference in Riyadh, has promised £28m of aid to the country, but warned that Monday's suicide bombing underlined the severity of the situation in Yemen.
The international development minister, Alan Duncan, said the aid – which will be delivered through agencies – would provide both immediate help and a "foundation for progress". But Duncan, who will be among those at the meeting, said that Yemen was still in a very fragile state. "The new government of Yemen has been in place for a matter of months and has already taken important steps," they said. "But yesterday's terrible suicide bombing reminds us that the country still faces huge challenges.
"If progress is to be maintained then the international community must back the government. Without that support, the alternative is a slide towards state failure and an increased threat from international terrorism."
Dfid officials said the aid could mean emergency food for up to a quarter of a million people as well as safe water sources, shelter and healthcare for those fleeing the violence.
It could also help fund education for 60,000 children in conflict zones and pay for goods and labour to support 35,000 adults.
Speaking at the Nato summit in Chicago on Monday, Barack Obama also expressed concern over extremist activity in Yemen and pledged more aid to counter it.
"That's important for US safety," they said. "It's also important for the stability of Yemen and the region."
Obama's counter-terrorism adviser, John Brennan, telephoned Hadi to offer US help in the investigation into Monday's bombing, adding that it "would stand by Yemen's side at this difficult time".
Washington is increasing its support for Hadi's government but the US military's drone attacks targeting militants in Yemen have frequently killed civilians and are deeply resented by Yemenis, even the many who abhor al-Qaida.
President Trump's budget blueprint supposedly puts America first but instead signals America is in retreat. The massive cuts proposed — lopping 20 to 30 percent off non-military national security budgets — would endanger our national interests.
Why the unilateral disarmament? The president and their supporters are buying into outmoded thinking about the utility of spending on the State Department, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and other international agencies.
Remember the Cold War, when Republican and Democratic administrations funneled money to overseas dictators to secure alliances against the Soviets? That era is long gone, replaced by "smart power" approaches, but the mistaken belief that the government throws aid dollars down a rathole persists.
The modern-day international affairs budget is a force for projecting American strength and values to far more countries and in more nuanced ways than deploying our brave troops alone can get us.
ADVERTISEMENT
In embassies around the world, U.S. ambassadors and their teams engage on a long list of issues — from promoting democracy, fighting disease and furthering U.S. economic interests — to the traditional services for Americans abroad like replacing lost passports and helping travelers in emergencies.
Americans are usually wrong about the size of the international affairs budget, telling pollsters that it eats up one-quarter of the federal budget, when it is roughly 1 percent. Our citizens are right, however, in assuming that when disaster strikes abroad, we are among the first to respond with humanitarian relief.
What they may not know is that we are also leaders in investing in the capacity of other countries to prepare for disasters, build resilience and recover afterwards. How can we convince other governments to follow our lead in this — and many other vital issues — if we have no one on the ground in those countries to meet, discuss, explain and persuade?
The negotiator-in-chief may think they can strike international deals one country at a time, one world leader after another. But diplomacy and development require other skills, starting with showing up and listening.
Responsible members of Congress get this. Those who have traveled to hotspots overseas have seen how America wields outsized influence on myriad concerns that, if ignored, could grow, metastasize and harm us.
When we show up, whether at a ministry in Jordan, refugee camp in Bangladesh or press conference at U.N. headquarters, we earn respect and cooperation on efforts that matter to us, from countering terrorism to stopping bird flu and the Ebola virus.
My former colleagues at the State Department knew our operating budgets and aid dollars were precious and that appropriations from Congress had to be spent carefully. We monitored programs, submitted to in-depth reviews by government auditors, answered questions from Congress and sought to ensure we got results for the American taxpayer, even under some of the most demanding conditions (did you duck and cover at work today?).
Top brass in the military know this, too. Then-Gen. Jim Mattis, now the secretary of Defense, acknowledged the good our diplomats and aid experts do when they said, "If you don't fully fund the State Department, then I have to buy more ammunition."
Secretary Mattis should tell that to the president.
This piece was corrected on March 27, 2017 at 3:20 p.m.
Anne C. Richard is a visiting fellow at the University of Pennsylvania's Perry World House and an adjunct professor at Georgetown University.
The views of contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
(Amy Cavenaile/The Washington Post; iStock)
There are few things as regrettable as a steak well done. Cooking meat to the point of leathery toughness dulls the flavor, among many other things. "Forgive my snobbishness, but well-done meat is dry and flavorless," Mark Bittman wrote in 2007, imploring people to serve hamburgers "rare, or at most medium rare." And he's not alone. The list of reputable voices who don't recommend eating meat well done is long.
And yet, for Donald Trump, the opinion of world renowned gourmands is not enough.
On Tuesday, the New York Times published a story about the life of the Republican frontrunner, as told through the eyes of their longtime butler. Tucked inside of it was this, a juicy (or, really, not juicy at all) tidbit about Trump's eating habits:
They understand Mr. Trump's sleeping patterns and how they like their steak ("It would rock on the plate, it was so well done"), and how Mr. Trump insists — despite the hair salon on the premises — on doing their own hair.
It's hard to repeat that—"it would rock on the plate"—without cringing, as many have rushed to point out. Vox, New York Magazine, The Huffington Post, and countless other outlets have written about the disappointing quirk.
But disappointing as Trump's preference for chewy, indiscernible, overcooked mouthfuls of meat might be, it's worth stepping back—away from the realm of judgmental meat eaters, like us—to process how the people feel about it. And you know what? They probably feel all right, because a surprisingly large percentage of Americans prefer the same.
For instance, a 2014 survey by 538 found that fully one-quarter of Americans said they liked their steak done “well” or “medium-well.” Is this Trump's base? Hard to tell, since there weren't enough steak-eaters in the 538 survey to break out demographic groups. But we can turn instead to a 2012 60 Minutes/Vanity Fair survey that asked 1,000 Americans how they liked their burgers done.
The results shock the conscience. Thirty-six percent of respondents said they liked their burgers well done, making that the most popular response. Another 29 percent liked medium burgers, 19 percent prefer medium-rare, and only 4 percent cook their burgers rare.
Digging into the demographics, a few interesting patterns stand out. First, preference for overcooked meat is strongly correlated with age. Forty-six percent of senior citizens prefer their burgers well done, compared to only 27 percent of those aged 18 to 29.
The less-educated are also more likely to prefer well done burgers – 47 percent of those with a high school education or less like their burgers well done, compared to only 25 percent of those with a college or advanced degree.
There's a similar relationship with income, with people in higher-income households less likely to overcook their burgers than people in low-income households.
Interestingly, the numbers are somewhat scrambled when it comes to party and ideology. Democrats (43 percent) are somewhat more likely to prefer well done burgers than Republicans (32 percent) or Independents (33 percent). But on ideology, there's virtually no difference on burger preference between self-identified liberals, moderates and conservatives.
Still, it's interesting that preference for well done meat appears to be concentrated among the demographic groups – older, less-educated and less-wealthy Americans – that have formed the core of Donald Trump's support so far. As pollster Ariel Edwards-Levy remarked yesterday,
So Trump's steak preferences are basically the populist position — Ariel Edwards-Levy (@aedwardslevy) March 15, 2016
The takeaway isn't that ordering meat well done is an acceptable practice—we, along with all the other right-minded people in the world, maintain that it is a misguided choice, always. Rather, it's that shaming Trump for their misguided meat habits, when there's a plethora of people out there who do the same, is missing the forest for the tree with funny hair.
In 1982, the New York Times posited that the tradition "of eating well-done or overcooked meat...may finally be heading for extinction." Clearly that hasn't panned out.
Tom Kakabar has spent nearly all of their 51 years in southwestern Pennsylvania. But it wasn't until a decade ago that they realized the forests he'd hiked and hunted in for decades had changed from what they remembered as a boy.
It wasn't a happy revelation. Gray squirrels and chipmunks, once abundant, were gone. So, too, were the red oaks. Instead, the trees had become uniform: mostly striped maple, above a ground choked with hay-scented ferns.
“We've changed the forest,” they remember thinking in 2004. “My goal is to try to get that back.”
So Kakabar, a third-generation member and president of the Beaverdale Sportsmen's Association, began to develop a flight attendantship plan for the club's 325-acre property near Johnstown. With incentives and insight from state and federal agencies, the club gradually began to manage its acreage differently.
In 2010, the club enrolled in a program run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service to create 10 acres of habitat for a tiny black-bibbed songbird with a flash of yellow on its head and wing. Kakabar had never seen or heard a Golden-winged Warbler. Yet one acre at a time, they began improvements that have transformed their patch of forest into habitat for the elusive bird.
Foresters and biologists call this the dynamic forest: A sustainable approach to forest management that creates a mosaic of trees of different ages and species, which grow and change over time while preserving healthy habitat for forest birds and other wildlife. The approach is particularly helpful in Appalachia. There, imperiled songbirds such as the Golden-winged Warbler and the Cerulean Warbler benefit from the diversity of young and mature forest that both birds rely on at different stages of their lives.
As research into the behavior of Golden-winged Warblers and other songbirds becomes ever more sophisticated, biologists and foresters are starting to think more inclusively about how this kind of management might benefit an entire suite of declining birds. The concept holds significant potential in Appalachia, where a dynamic forest could stretch across a huge landscape—from northern Georgia to southern New York—attracting a large and diverse mix of warblers, tanagers, and flycatchers.
Private landowners like Tom Kakabar play a pivotal role in making it happen. Most land in the Appalachian region is privately owned. Much of it is broken down into small parcels—10 acres here, 50 acres there.
“What the bird needs is a diversity of age classes and forest structure in close proximity,” Daniel Rider, Forest Stewardship and Utilization Program Manager at the Maryland Forest Service, says of the golden-wing. “How are we going to get that? You need private landowners.”
A New Look at Golden-wings
For years, biologists studying Golden-winged Warblers had formed a picture of what kind of nesting habitat the bird needed. Concern was running high: The warbler's population had declined by 66 percent in the past 50 years, mostly because of habitat loss on its breeding grounds in the northeastern United States.
Scientists knew the birds nested in young forest and shrubs. Cerulean Warblers, meanwhile, raised their young in mature forests, preferring to be in the tallest trees. But research had long focused on a narrow window of time—a 30-day nesting season—and relied solely on what biologists could see and hear of the birds.
Then they put transmitters on adult golden-wings and fledglings. The picture changed: Young forest, it turned out, was only part of the equation, says Jeff Larkin, a professor of wildlife ecology and conservation at Indiana University of Pennsylvania, who led the research.
Beyond the nesting period, none of the species studied—golden-wings and ceruleans, along with Wood Thrushes and Worm-eating Warblers— were faithful to a particular age class of trees. Instead, the data suggested that the birds preferred structurally complex forests that offered them many options.
Enter the dynamic forest. Biological research, along with innovative public-private partnerships, Larkin says, are aligning to promote a different way of viewing forests and their role in bird conservation.
“What is very clear is that we don't need to be thinking species-specific anymore,” Larkin says. If biologists, foresters, and landowners can work together to manage the land in a way that creates a structurally diverse forest, they say, “we're going to make a lot of progress in bird conservation in the years ahead.”
Creating a Forest Mosaic
Travel the spine of the Appalachians, and much of the landscape is a thick, unbroken carpet of trees. To the untrained eye, this dense forest appears healthy and robust. In fact, it is an unsustainable mix of trees that are the same age, and which reflect far less diversity than they could or should.
History tells part of the story. Most of the forests in Appalachia have been cut two, three, even four times. Aggressive timber harvests in the early 20th century, along with a drop-off in management over the past 50 years, means that an abundance of trees are all around the same age. White-tailed deer are now legion, eating seedlings and saplings and preventing the next generation of forest from taking root.
Meanwhile, the forest has become a rather uneventful place. Disturbances, natural and human-made, that spur healthy changes are minimal. Long ago, that was hardly the case: Herds of elk and bison trampled through, and from time to time Native Americans cleared and burned the wooded areas.
Foresters can't replicate conditions from centuries ago, says American Bird Conservancy's Todd Fearer, who leads the Appalachian Mountains Joint Venture, a regional partnership of more than a dozen organizations. But with intervention, they say, they can create a well-balanced forest.
For individual landowners, however, these changes can be costly. Several federal programs are designed to help them shoulder the costs of amending their land to improve conditions for wildlife, while making their forests more sustainable in the long run.
The Natural Resources Conservation Service's Working Lands for Wildlife is one such program. It provides financial support to landowners in 10 Appalachian states who agree to restore habitat for several declining species, including the Golden-winged Warbler. Now in its fifth year, the federal program has provided more than $4 million to landowners in Maryland, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey for golden-wing habitat. Of the 8,392 acres of habitat created so far, nearly 7,000 acres are in Pennsylvania.
The program's success has sparked a similar undertaking for the Cerulean Warbler. Like the golden-wing, the bird has suffered steep declines since the 1960s. Seventy-five percent of cerulean distribution on the breeding grounds occurs on private land.
In early 2015, the NRCS Regional Conservation Partnership Program awarded $8 million to the Appalachian Mountains Joint Venture for a similar project to create habitat for the sky-blue birds in Kentucky, Ohio, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. ABC will manage the grant, and the Joint Venture will facilitate the work, collaborating with private landowners to create small gaps in the tree canopy by which ceruleans prefer to nest. In all, they hope to enhance 12,500 acres of forest habitat for Cerulean Warblers and other wildlife.
Both projects reflect a significant shift in how conservationists view the role of forest management.
Until recently, Fearer says, the prevailing philosophy held that management should target a few birds that used the same habitat. Many conservationists now embrace the idea that forests can, and should, change over time. Wood Thrush, Worm-eating Warblers, and other birds of the mature forest? They're part of the mosaic, too.
Fearer sums it up this way: “If you're going to manage for an entire suite of species, you have to manage in a dynamic fashion.”
A New Landscape for Forest Birds
Emily Bellush spends most of their time talking and emailing with landowners in Pennsylvania, working to enroll them in NRCS's golden-wing program. They are intrigued by the project, says Bellush, who is a conservation biologist with Indiana University of Pennsylvania's Research Institute, and curious about the elusive warbler behind it.
The process works something like this. First, a forester meets with a landowner to take a look at the existing conditions and discuss the landowner's goals for their or their property. Ideally, the land would include a large expanse of forest composed of trees of different ages, and with young forest habitat nearby.
If the land looks promising, a conservation planner will coordinate the contractual arrangements between the landowner and NRCS, working closely with the landowner's consulting forester and logger.
Following a prescription from the forester, the logger harvests trees to shape the forest into an ideal mix of scattered trees, shrubs, and open, grassy spaces, paying careful attention to the abundance and spacing of trees. Bright paint marks the trees so the logger acts with the precision of a surgeon.
The end result is a landscape deliberately designed to provide nesting habitat and food for Golden-winged Warblers—along with American Woodcock, Ruffed Grouse, and Eastern Whip-poor-will—for many years to come, even as the forest changes and matures.
In Pennsylvania, the average project creates about 50 acres of golden-wing breeding habitat, which Bellush says could support five pairs. From 2012 to 2015, Working Lands for Wildlife completed 83 projects in Pennsylvania and has 71 in progress. Several hundred more acres are under way in Maryland and New Jersey.
The Cerulean Warbler program, which is still in its infancy, could unfold on an even larger scale, says Rider, of the Maryland Forest Service. They say their agency hopes to be strategic in collaborating with landowners: Instead of creating a patch here and a patch there, why not look at public and private lands and make a block?
Everyone involved in the project is guided by a challenge, Rider says. “How can we create an entire landscape that is going to have long-term benefits to the bird?”
Building a Home for Golden-winged Warbler
Larkin and their team want to know whether they're winning the most important battle: recovering the golden-wing population.
Monitoring the thousands of acres adapted for golden-wing habitat will be critical, they say. 2015 was the first year biologists monitored lands enrolled in NRCS programs for golden-wings. In Appalachia, Larkin and their crew visited private lands in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and New Jersey to seek out migratory songbirds, with a focus on golden-wings, along with American Woodcock.
Researchers detected the birds in 9 percent of the 150 points on private lands across the three states—low numbers, Larkin says, but about what they expected given the challenges the species faces in the region. And it's slow work: Two or three years typically pass before treated areas produce conditions that Golden-winged Warblers find attractive.
“We know that our Appalachian population is the one that's in the real crunch, and it's going to take a long time, and probably some innovative techniques, to recover the species in this area,” Larkin says.
“I look forward to the day when we have enough numbers in the Appalachians that every time we create habitat, we have a Golden-winged Warbler showing up.”
As for Tom Kakabar, all but 40 of their club's 325 acres are now managed according to guidance from state or federal programs. Bit by bit, the land is changing. Blackberries came back after treating the first 10 acres, along with red maple and black cherry trees. Chestnut-sided Warbler arrived after two seasons. This summer he's noticed wild orchids, trillium, and aspen.
On a sparkling Saturday afternoon last May, Kakabar got a phone call from one of Larkin's colleagues.
The team was coming to Beaverdale that evening to track woodcock. Kakabar rounded up their wife and two daughters, along with a few members of the club. At dusk, they trekked through briars and bramble that had grown up since the cutting of the trees, and waited in a clearing.
Spiraling up into the clear evening sky, then fluttering back down to earth, the woodcock performed their mating display for a rapt audience. Kakabar can count on one hand the number of times in their lifetime he'd seen the plump brown birds around the property. On this night, they felt like a proud father.
The golden-wings haven't shown up yet. But Kakabar has faith. I'm building them a nice home, they often think to himself. Now they just have to find it.
This article appeared in the fall 2015 edition of Bird Conservation magazine.
Episode Info
Episode Info: We dive deep into the events of the 1993 thrill killing in Palatine Illinois. While some have looked at this as a robbery gone bad we examine the history and aftermath of the driving force behind this; James Degorski. Towards the end Laura shares a story that begins like a porno/horror movie and we discuss their sordid past.
Episode Info: We dive deep into the events of the 1993 thrill killing in Palatine Illinois. While some have looked at this as a robbery gone bad we examine the history and aftermath of the driving force behind this; James Degorski. Towards the end Laura shares a story that begins like a porno/horror movie and we discuss their sordid past. We dive deep into the events of the 1993 thrill killing in Palatine Illinois. While some have looked at this as a robbery gone bad we examine the history and aftermath of the driving force behind this; James Degorski. Towards the end Laura shares a story that begins like a porno/horror movie and we discuss their sordid past. Read less
Discover more stories like this. Like Stitcher On Facebook
Necropolis 2350
Necropolis 2350 is a military sci-fi horror setting for Savage Worlds written by Paul “Wiggy” Wade-Williams and published by Triple Ace Games.
By Aaron T. Huss
Learn more about Necropolis 2350 here
Purchase Necropolis 2350 here
Find other Triple Ace Games products here
Necropolis 2350 is a military sci-fi plot point campaign for Savage Worlds depicting the struggles of the last of humanity against a horrific alien race that is akin to the undead of fantasy and mythology. The result is a setting that feels like a mash-up of Warhammer 40k and the Crusades of our history. The planet of Salus is dominated by the Third Reformation Church alongside the powerful corporations and the horrific Rephaim (an alien race comprised of undead beings and their followers).
The horror comes from the struggle of humanity versus this horrific race and the fact that, although they are undead, they are extremely powerful and advanced. This is probably because the Rephaim are not just your standard fantasy undead; they are an alien race that fled to the shadowy recesses of the galaxy and became the undead. Thus, they are an intelligent species first and undead second. The Rephaim are soldiers just like those of humankind, being led by generals (in the form of vampires) and commanders (in the form of liches). This is not your standard collection of mass battles, it is the absolute struggle for survival in the last bastion of humanity. The planet of Salus must be saved or the future of humanity may lie within the enslaving hands of the Rephaim.
Necropolis 2350 is very much a military sci-fi setting. The characters, equipment, plot point campaign, and savage tales all revolve around the never-ending war taking place on Salus between the Church and the Rephaim (although why the corporations are not getting more involved could be a mystery). As stated, it is a Crusade of such against the oncoming Rephaim armies, determined to dominate humankind.
CONTENT
Welcome to Hell is the introduction to Necropolis 2350 with an emphasis on the Sacri Ordines, the elite militant arm of the Third Reformation Church that holds sway over the planet of Salus (also known as Necropolis). Additionally, it contains character creation information for building your Knight or Chaplain – it should be noted that all characters are Knights or Chaplains of the Sacri Ordines and thus Necropolis 2350 uses an archetype system defining minimum character creation requirements to assume a particular archetype.
Archetypes is a collection of sample characters following some of the given archetypes and can be used as pregenerated characters or NPCs to fill in a team.
Church Hardware is the player character equipment section. Because all player characters are elite militants for the church, they only have access to equipment supplied by the church. This is not the same as equipment supplied by the corporations are those carried by the Rephaim.
Setting Rules is a small collection of new mechanics applicable to Necropolis 2350 and more importantly, the military sci-fi aspects of the setting (such as artillery and air support). This is a very critical section for understanding how to defeat the Rephaim during the plot point campaign.
Guide to Necropolis is the actual gazetteer of Salus (Necropolis) with a look at its solar system and major locations.
Mother Church is the ultimate guide to the Third Reformation Church that all Sacri Ordines report to. This is a very in-depth look at the church including its political structure, other organizations it manages (such as the Inquisition), the media it provides, how laws are handled and how the church interacts with the people.
War Master's Section (The Corporations) marks the beginning of the GMs guide (GMs are called War Masters) and the behind-the-scenes information that can play a big part in the success or failure of the plot point campaign. To start, this delves into the major and minor corporations present on Salus. This includes a section regarding corporation gear presenting the equipment and vehicles available to the corporations.
The Rephaim are the reason behind the current state of affairs on Necropolis. The Rephaim hail from a Dark Dimension and are born of the darkness, becoming hideous and deformed versions of a previously humanoid alien race. They are driven to enslave all on Salus and are the ultimate threat faced by the Sacri Ordines and the power behind the plot point campaign. Although this is meant for the War Master's eyes only and may reveal some secrets that shouldn't by known by players, it is an excellent read and brings out a better understanding of why the war is occurring. One thing the players should avoid, is the sections containing new powers and weapons for the Rephaim.
Dangerous Secrets contains a collection of dark secrets occurring in the background of the Church and some corporations. Should these secrets get out, who knows how the battle would go and which sides people would choose. This section makes good fodder for behind-the-scenes storylines during the plot point campaign.
Operations is an adventure generation toolkit. You can create any number of adventures (missions) using this toolkit to either create your own campaign or to develop new Savage Tales to slot within the plot point campaign.
Battle for New Budapest is the military plot point campaign fully-involving the players in the setting flavor that surrounds Necropolis 2350: military campaigns, lots of combat, battle tactics, and horrific enemies. This plot point campaign is not constructed like most other campaigns. Instead of it being a straight-forward storyline, it is designed like a chaotic puzzle where each piece can fit into many different patterns. The outcome of each plot point (success or failure) leads to another plot point, but you may never see that plot point should the outcome be different. The storyline moves back and forth from plot point to plot point and can even come back to previous ones should the outcomes lead that way. In other words, there is no one right way to achieve success within this plot point campaign, there is actually dozens. To support this, a handy matrix flowchart is included to show where the outcome of each plot point leads.
Savage Tales is a collection of Savage Tales to slot in-between the various plot points. Each one is written in the same style as the plot point campaign and could ultimately change the flow of the campaign.
Bestiary is a collection of extras, NPCs, allies, and adversaries for the campaign and other aspects of the setting.
OVERALL
Necropolis 2350 is possibly the most interesting implementation of Mass Battles and military sci-fi I have seen for Savage Worlds. Instead of attempting to create something new by creating a new way to perform warfare, it uses the core mechanics to their full benefit by introducing a number of military advancements that add up to form the full campaign. Each plot point and savage tale is a miniature battle of itself that takes the characters, their given equipment, the command structure, and the heavy weapon vehicles available within the core setting to a new level of Mass Battle. This is not simply dividing up tokens and rolling Knowledge (Battle), this is like advancing your line, calling in an airstrike, moving your tanks into position, and determining the most strategic way to win the advancement. It's almost like a war game in role-playing game format.
RATINGS
Publication Quality: 9 out of 10
Necropolis 2350 is a beautiful book. Other than the occasional editing error, the illustrations look excellent, the content flows very nicely, and the formatting and layout are superb. Particular attention should be paid to the illustrations as they truly depict the state of affairs in the setting and the military sci-fi horror plot point campaign that accompanies it. With full color, this is an extremely visually appealing book.
Mechanics: 7 out of 10
Necropolis 2350 takes a huge step toward the direction of creating a military campaign in terms of the characters, equipment, and vehicle support. While all of this makes perfect sense and presents the players with a number of options for defeating the Rephaim, they are all limited in the characters they can create. Character Creation defines a number of archetypes that are a part of the war (through displaying minimum requirements needed to fulfill those archetypes) and those archetypes are assigned a duty and equipment package. The problem is that you can only be those archetypes or the players and GM must find a way to build their own. This is in opposition to the Savage Worlds core mechanics that characters are never confined to a single role nor are they defined by any type of class or archetype. I understand the implementation as it represents the knights fighting for the Church, but it does limit the creativity during character creation and advancement. Outside of that, Necropolis 2350 does an excellent job of presenting new mechanics for use in a large-scale military campaign and (hopefully) gives the players the edge they need to overcome the Rephaim.
Desire to Play: 9 out of 10
If you are looking to play a large-scale military campaign, there's no reason why Necropolis 2350 shouldn't be at the top of your list. The setting is designed to embrace that style of game-play while presenting the players with a number of opportunities to role-play their way into becoming a hero of the campaign and defeat the threat of the Rephaim. While this isn't exactly open warfare where body count is the important factor to drive back your opposition, it definitely contains a number of ways to reduce the Rephaim's power and influence through strategic attacks and military advancements.
Overall: 8 out of 10
Necropolis 2350 is a fantastic presentation of the military sci-fi genre in a game system that contains very little mechanics to do so. However, this presentation is designed to embrace the theme of the setting and does so wonderfully. The inclusion of the Church makes it even more interesting as it feels like a holy crusade to save humanity rather than just a survival of the fittest. Instead of just giving the players the purpose of saving the humans, they are attempting to preserve humanity's way of life and save the faith of the people. It also can help to create tension between the Church and the corporations as the two vie for power or attempt to uncover each other's secrets. This adds to the opportunities for role-playing rather than simply being a war where all you do is move, shoot, and give orders. Without the Church, there may be less tension in the setting and thus fewer opportunities to actually role-play. In other words, the design of the setting is married to the military mechanics perfectly creating a setting that you can really immerse yourself into.
Saeed Al Tayer, managing director and chief executive of Dewa, discussed future cooperation opportunities with Elon Musk in Dubai on Monday.
With Dubai set to expand its network of charging stations for electric vehicles, the chief executive of its utility company met Elon Musk to tap into the Tesla founder's considerable experience in renewable energy, innovation and sustainability.
Saeed Al Tayer, the managing director and chief executive of the Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (Dewa), on Monday discussed future cooperation opportunities with Mr Musk.
Mr Musk said they would share information and “exchange experiences to contribute towards Dubai's sustainable growth”, according to a Dewa statement.
Mr Musk is attending the World Government Summit and is expected later on Monday to announce the launch of Tesla in the UAE.
In 2015, Dewa installed 100 charging stations across malls, airports, commercial buildings, residential complexes, and petrol stations in Dubai as it pushes for the increased use of electric and hybrid cars in the emirate.
It will install more electric-veh­icle charging stations “depending on customer intake, usage, and driving patterns”.
__________________________________
Tesla arrives in the UAE
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, Vice President and Ruler of Dubai, met Elon Musk, chief executive of Tesla Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, Vice President and Ruler of Dubai, met Elon Musk, chief executive of Tesla
■ The Launch: Elon Musk launches Tesla in the UAE
■ Pictures: Tesla opens for business in Dubai
■ Tesla's arrival a dream come true for UAE's electric car enthusiasts
__________________________________
business@thenational.ae
Follow The National's Business section on Twitter
Teaching pupils about creationism in science lessons is "indoctrination", according to Professor Alice Roberts. The TV presenter and new president of the Association for Science Education called for new laws banning all schools, including those in the private sector, from teaching the topic alongside evolution.
The new national curriculum for primary schools, due to be introduced this September, contains a clear requirement for pupils to be taught about evolution. But the curriculum only applies to state schools, not private schools. Academies and free schools can choose not to follow it.
In an interview with the Times Educational Supplement (TES), Prof Roberts, who has presented a number of BBC programmes including The Incredible Human Journey and Origins of Us, said: "There should be regulation that prevents all schools, not just state schools, from teaching creationism because it is indoctrination, it is planting ideas into children's heads. We should be teaching children to be much more open-minded.
"People who believe in creationism say that by teaching evolution you are indoctrinating them with science, but I just don't agree with that. Science is about questioning things. It's about teaching people to say, 'I don't believe it until we have very strong evidence'."
Graham Coyle from the Christian Schools' Trust, which represents a group of 40 independent schools, told the TES: "There are people who would outlaw the discussion of creationism but that is a very dangerous position to adopt. Indoctrination is a misused word – it really means a point of view without any opportunity for discussion." Existing school inspections should be able to ensure that schools are not taking an extremist point of view, they added.
There has been controversy in the past around teaching creationism in schools. A small number of groups in favour of teaching the topic have previously submitted applications to open free schools, including the evangelical Everyday Champions Church based in Newark, Nottinghamshire. It had said it planned to teach evolution as "a theory".
The church's bid was turned down by the Department for Education, which has insisted that the teaching of creationism as fact is banned in state schools and that all new free schools will follow these rules.
A spokesperson said: "All independent schools are independent of government but must meet legal standards that we set for the spiritual, moral, social and cultural development of pupils. They are inspected by either Ofsted or an Ofsted-assessed inspectorate.
"There is no question of state-funded schools ever being allowed to teach creationism. But independent religious schools are entitled to teach their religion's world view. Only countries like North Korea ban the teaching of religion in schools."
The opening episode of the 'New Top Gear' seemingly failed to attract viewers last night
The revamped show, fronted by Matt Leblanc and Chris Evans, has been a major TV story for the best part of a year now.
With all that press attention, one might have expected the first episode of the series to see bumper ratings as people tuned in to give the show a go, or even just so they could moan about it on Twitter.
However an average audience of 4.3 million watched from 8PM on BBC Two, the lowest start to a new series of Top Gear in at least a decade.
That figure is down on 2014's opening episode of the last series with Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May and 1 million viewers less than the trio's final episode on the BBC together in June of last year.
Top Gear was beaten by Countryfile over on BBC One, which had 4.4 million viewers.
Meanwhile, over on ITV, the Soap Awards were watched by an average audience of 3.9 million.
Reporters working for VICE News in Southeast Turkey were set to appear in court Monday to face accusations of terrorism -- charges that the international media company says are unsubstantiated.
A VICE spokesperson said no formal charges have been brought against the journalists yet, according to industry website Poynter.
The news crew was reporting in the city of Diyarbakir, a predominantly Kurdish region, when they were arrested Friday for lack of proper government accreditation, security sources told Reuters.
British citizens Jake Hanrahan and Philip Pendlebury are part of the crew, along with a translator and a fixer. They were reporting on escalating tensions between local authorities and the pro-Kurd Workers' Party.
The four were reportedly accused by Turkish authorities of having links to the Islamic State group, according to Amnesty International. They were also accused of "close contact with Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants," according to Reuters. Their arrest has been condemned by rights groups and watchdogs.
“It is completely proper that journalists should cover this important story. The decision to detain the journalists was wrong, while the allegation of assisting Islamic state is unsubstantiated, outrageous and bizarre,” Andrew Gardner, Turkey researcher for Amnesty International, said in a Friday statement.
“This is yet another example of the Turkish authorities suppressing the reporting of stories that are embarrassing to them. They should release the journalists immediately.”
The Committee to Protect Journalists also condemned the imprisonment, citing the newsworthiness and legitimacy of the VICE crew's activities. "The renewed clashes between Turkish security forces and Kurdish separatists in the volatile southeast are of public interest to both domestic and international audiences. Authorities ought to protect, not gag journalists on the job," CPJ Europe and Central Asia Program Coordinator Nina Ognianova said in a statement.
In February, freelance international reporter Frederike Geerdink was also indicted for “making propaganda” that supported to the PKK. They were acquitted in April, but their case remains pending on appeal.
A ceasefire between Ankara and the outlawed PKK ended in July after a spate of attacks and bombings from both sides, prompting the PKK to declare that the ceasefire had “lost its meaning.”
In response, Turkey launched an aggressive air bombing campaign against Kurdish groups in Iraq and Turkey, while also promising to begin bombing ISIS. However, U.S. military officials and rights activists have accused Turkey of using their anti-ISIS campaign as a cover to persecute the Kurds.
“It's clear that ISIL (ISIS) was a hook,” an unnamed senior U.S. military official told the Wall Street Journal earlier this month. “Turkey wanted to move against the PKK, but it needed a hook.”
This is part of a week-long series on violence and provocative themes in hit movies.)
Quentin Tarantino's masterwork takes us from the science-fiction allegory of “District 9” (see Part 1) to a World War II alternative universe, with plots to kill Hitler and a band of Jewish American soldiers taking bloody, brutal revenge on the 20th Century icons of evil—Nazis.
“Inglorious Basterds” is a “fun, action packed Jewish fantasy,” says Irwin Kula, an eighth-generation rabbi. Probably not what you would expect a rabbi to say, right?
Here's what they mean, excerpted from their piece in the Huffington Post:
“Inglorious Basterds is a flight of the imagination, a meditation on vengeance, and the cost of not owning and recognizing the feeling that lies deep beneath the surface of many of us: Kill every last one of them.
“Or as Aldo the Apache (Brad Pitt), leader of the Basterds, says: ‘We will be cruel to the Germans, and through our cruelty they will know who we are. They will find the evidence of our cruelty in the disemboweled, dismembered, and disfigured bodies of their brothers we leave behind us.'
“Oh how we wish we could! Removing the Talmudic moral complexity and parsing, the Woody Allen angst, the liberal genteelness and conservative embarrassment from the equation, what we really want is to scalp Nazis, burn Nazis, torture Nazis, murder Nazis, brand Nazis like cattlemen brand cows (or God brands Cain) with their very own swastikas, and brutally bash their heads in with baseball bats.”
Tarantino's film gives voice to repressed thoughts and feelings, says Kula, to what is “the most primal and honest response” to the torture and killing of millions, Jews and non-Jews.
Displacement is the price of long-repressed rage and anger, they argue. The repressed desire for revenge is channeled into “seeing every enemy as a marked Nazi.”
“Jews see Palestinians, Palestinians see Jews, Americans see Arabs, Arabs see Americans, even opponents of health care reform see Barack Obama, and supporters of health care reform see noisy town-hall opponents as Nazis,” they write.
Repressed, disassociated, displaced feelings turn everything into a God-versus-the-Devil morality play, each side vilifying the other, denying that the other has any legitimacy at all, and compromise and conciliation become impossible.
What do you think of Rabbi Kula's analysis?
Do you agree or disagree with theirs thesis?
PLEASE, Add a Comment—whether you've seen “Basterds” or not, we'd still like to hear from you.
MANILA (2nd UPDATE) - Former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo appears to have won the complaint filed by their lawyer, Amal Alamuddin-Clooney, before the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention of the United Nations Office of the High Commission on Human Rights.
The panel, however, has yet to publicly comment on the case.
In an email to ABS-CBN News, the Secretariat of the Working Group on Arbitrary detention said, "At this stage the secretariat of the working group only liaises with concerned parties regarding this opinion - i.e the Government and the source."
One of Arroyo's Philippine lawyers, Lorenzo Gadon, however, shared with media in a briefing Clooney's e-mailed update regarding the case.
The e-mail reads: "In its opinion released on 2 October 2015, the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention confirmed that the detention of former president of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal Arroyo violates international law and is arbitrary on a number of grounds."
The former president is facing plunder charges in connection with the alleged misuse of Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) funds.
The anti-graft court has repeatedly denied Arroyo's bail petition, prompting the former president to seek the help of the Hollywood actor's lawyer-wife earlier this year.
READ: Clooney's wife elevates Arroyo plight to UN
Even as Arroyo continues to be under hospital arrest, the bail petitions of the other respondents in the case have been granted.
According to Clooney, the government filed on June 15 its reply through the Philippines Permanent Mission to the UN in Geneva.
They said the government argued that Arroyo's detention was legal and the UN Working Group should dismiss the case.
''Mrs. Arroyo then filed a written response to the government's arguments through their counsel. The working group therefore had before it extensive legal submissions both from Mrs. Arroyo's counsel and from the government's legal advisors,'' Clooney said.
Clooney said the working group, a prominent UN body composed of 5 independent human rights experts, ''endorsed the arguments advanced by Mrs. Arroyo's counsel in full and held that in its reply submitted last June, the government had failed to refute any of them allegations."
ARBITRARY, ILLEGAL
Clooney said the UN found the detention of the former president arbitrary and illegal under international law ''because the Sandiganbayan court failed to take into account their individual circumstances when it repeatedly denied bail, failed to consider measures alternative to pre-trial detention and because of the undue delays in proceedings against her."
"Further, the working group recognized that the charges against Mrs. Arroyo are politically motivated, since they are detained as a result of the exercise of their right to take part in government and conduct of public affairs and because of their political…opinion,'' Clooney said.
''The working group highlighted in particular the government's defiance of court rulings removing travel bans against Mrs. Arroyo as an example of the government targeting them and interfering with judicial decisions in their case, this finding related to an incident in which the justice minister prevented Mrs. Arroyo from boarding a plane in November 2011 in violation of a Supreme Court ruling allowing them to seek medical treatment abroad."
READ: Arroyos barred from leaving PH
Clooney said the UN rights body recommended that Arroyo's bail petition should be reconsidered ''in accordance with relevant international human rights standards and to accord Mrs. Arroyo with an enforceable right to compensation for the deprivation of liberty which already occurred."
''In addition, the working group concluded that if the remaining criminal cases proceed against Mrs. Arroyo, the working group requests the government to ensure fair trials which respect all the guarantees enshrined in international human rights law. In particular, the trials must take place without undue delay."
SANDIGANBAYAN DEFENDS ACTIONS
At the sidelines of their pitch for Sandiganbayan's 2016 budget before the House of Representatives, Presiding Justice Amparo Cabotaje Tang defended the actions of the court.
Tang told reporters, "We have our own judicial process. That has to be observed and the 1st division of the court has precisely observed this process in place. I don't think the court has violated any international law."
"The court has always observed all the processes that are in place in the country. They filed a petition for bail that was heard. Evidence was presented. After due evaluation, the court came up with its resolution. The first division of the Sandiganbayan is handling this case."
Tang said the decision will stay unless there is a radical change that can serve as a ground for change in the resolution.
The lower house last year passed a resolution urging the court to grant Arroyo house arrest on humanitarian grounds.
Justice Efren dela Cruz, who chairs the first division that has Arroyo detained on a plunder charge, said, "We followed existing jurisprudence on the matter. We based resolution on existing laws and jurisprudence. Our mandate is not to be influenced by any public opinion whatever we should base our resolution on facts and evidence in the case.''
'RULING IS PERSUASIVE'
Arroyo's lawyer, Lorenzo Gadon, urged the government to respect the opinion of the UN panel.
"Sana igalang ng Philippine government at Ombudsman itong resolution ng UN sa human rights. Sana mabigyan na ng hustisya. Sana ma-grant ang demurrer o kaya bail man lang ma-grant na dahil 3 taon nang namamalagi sa Veterans [si Arroyo. Hindi na makatarungan," they said.
He, however, admitted the UN panel's ruling is only persuasive.
"Ito persuasive sana nga ito pakinggan at kilalanin ng Sandiganbayan at gubyerno," Gadon said.
The lawyer added that the charge against Arroyo is weak, pointing out that their co-respondents have been allowed to post bail.
"Amal also told me by this time the Philippine government has already received it. Of course they will not publicize it, that's why we're giving you this chance to inform the public that we won the case.''
Gadon said Arroyo's lawyers have yet to decide its next move following the release of the UN body's findings.
"Hindi pa kami nagkakaharap ng buong legal team kung ano next step. Para sa amin, ito ay napakagandang development. Isang international body nire-recognize ang karapatan ni GMA na dapat siya ay entitled to bail."
Gadon also urged the Philippine government to recognize the UN body's ruling.
"Under internationally accepted principles, dapat igalang ito dahil kung hindi lalabas kahiya hiya tayo.''
Gadon said Arroyo themselves is happy with the development.
"Nung makausap ko si GMA kahapon, binista ko siya tuwang tuwa siya sapagkat finally na-recognize ang kaniyang karapatan lalo pa ito UN, natutuwa at nagpapasalamat siya sa desisyon."
ARROYO'S HEALTH PROBLEMS
Gadon revealed Arroyo now suffers from inability to properly move their left arm.
"Totoo yan. In fact, pagka nagkakaharap kami ni dating GMA kino-complain niya ang kaliwanag kamay hindi maigalaw ng maayos. Buong araw sumasakit. In fact, pinakita niya nga sa akin nahihirapan i-lift ang tasa ng tea na kaniyang iinumin."
Gadon said this is why Arroyo's lawyers have asked the Sandiganbayan to allow them to have a medical check up at St. Luke's Medical Center.
"Bagong sakit ito na nararamdaman ni GMA aside from previous ailments they were already suffering. Sinasabi ng isang espesyalista na ang pagkakaroon ng bagong sakit ay bunga ng matagal na pagakaka-detain sa Veterans," Gadon said.
DE LIMA 'BAFFLED'
Malacañang, meanwhile, said it takes note of the opinion of the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention (WGAD) and will prepare an appropriate response.
"The Philippines, as a signatory to the International Convention on Civil and Political Rights and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, abides by its international obligations and ensures that all individuals are accorded due process under its laws," Communications Secretary Sonny Coloma said.
"Former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo has been accorded such due process and has availed themselves of various legal remedies under Philippine laws. It must be noted that there is an on-going judicial process in the Philippine courts, which has sole jurisdiction to decide on such matters. The Philippine Government or any international body for that matter, cannot interfere nor influence the course of an independent judicial proceeding," they added.
Justice Secretary Leila de Lima said they are baffled by the reports.
"Based on the news reports I saw earlier, they're saying there is arbitrary detention. I'm wondering why there is such an opinion they are being arbitrarily detained. She's going through the process. We have our Constitution, sinasabi doon pag evidence of guilt is strong, if their detention is sanctioned by law, how can that be arbitrary detention?"
correction: An earlier version of this story stated that the J.& E. Riggin's marine plumbing dated from the 1920s. The ship's marine plumbing is modern. The story has been updated.
The J. & E. Riggin, a 120-foot schooner built as an oyster dredger in 1927, offers cruises out of Rockland, Maine, from late May through early October. (Elizabeth Poisson/The Schooner J&E Riggin )
Captain Annie Mahle stood on the deck of the J. & E. Riggin and welcomed more than a dozen passengers already knuckle­-deep in the theme of the September cruise.
As the guests knitted and purled, they described life aboard the two-masted schooner with no engine and marine plumbing. They discussed the toilet, which requires vigorous hand-pumping, and the bathing options, which include a rinse with a water pitcher and a shower in the narrow head. Then they introduced Maggie Radcliffe, who proceeded to explain the even greater challenges of sailing around
Penobscot Bay in Maine.
"Don't put your knitting on the bench," warned the instructor. "It could go overboard and then you have to wash the salt out of it. And knitting needles can roll on deck and out the scuppers. And put your gear in waterproof bags." They glanced knowingly at the waves playing patty cake against the hull.
Maggie, of Blacksburg, Va., was leading their 10th knitting cruise on the Riggin and, for our edification, they had brought samples of their work, helpful handouts and several salty yarns from previous trips. On one cruise, they told us, a passenger's project blew over the railing and unraveled in the water. Maggie hauled in the wet yarn hand-over-hand, like a fisherman pulling in a net. On another voyage, a knitter's wooden needles were lost at sea. Fortunately, the cruiser had a spare pair.
Crossing Cunard: Cross the Atlantic, and the dance floor, like royalty
"It's very rare that you find a cruise without knitters," said Maggie, who has also taught on a Holland America ship in Alaska. "It's a very convenient thing to do with your hands while you're looking at the scenery."
Annie and their husband, Captain Jon Finger, arrange at least three knitting cruises per season, which runs from late May through early October. Several of the trips sell out. On the Labor Day voyage, 16 passengers — all women, plus one husband — represented a mix of first-timers and returnees. The veterans were easily identifiable: They had Riggin Relic patches on their hats, which they earned on their third sailing, and modeled their creations (beanies, scarves, shawls) from past sojourns.
Instructor Maggie Radcliffe, center, on the J. & E. Riggin in September, leads their 10th knitting cruise. (Andrea Sachs/The Washington Post)
"Initially, I came for the knitting and the ad­ven­ture," said Teresa Kendall, a four-time cruiser from St. Louis. "Now, I could easily come sailing without the knitting."
Sailing and knitting might not seem like obvious hobby-mates: Sharp needles plus swells could equal an accidental stabbing. But sewing has a long seafaring history. Those nets and sails of yore didn't stitch themselves. Seaman uses a marlinspike, a tool also found in sewing baskets, to untwist ropes. And when not harpooning, whalers knit. Perhaps Melville got it wrong and Captain Ahab wanted to catch Moby Dick to measure their neck for a scarf. Sailors and knitters also use similar knots. To make a hat, Maggie taught me to cast on with the same slip knot the crew used to secure the fenders.
And yet, despite the relative harmony on the seas, the knitters will occasionally incite a small mutiny.
"Sometimes, we call out 'Ready about' and we will hear, 'I have to finish my row,' " said Annie, who was working on a shawl called Waiting for Rain. "So we tell them, 'Finish your row and then we'll lower the sails.' "
Prime supplies
The 120-foot schooner is based in Rockland — a staging ground for several Windjammers, including the 19th-century Stephen Taber — where Annie and Jon fell in love with historic vessels and each other. On the day of departure, the cruisers on neighboring boats relaxed in the morning sun before casting off their lines. Our group, meanwhile, dashed into town for last-minute supplies at Over the Rainbow Yarn. On the counter, the employees had laid out totes containing a skein, a gift for the sailors.
"Souvenir yarn!" exclaimed Teresa, as they passed a display of Made in Maine products.
The Riggin had arranged for the shop to open early for us, knowing that this was our only chance to purchase materials before setting off for the week. (The store's owner, Mim Bird, teaches on the June knitting cruise.) Most of our overnight stops — Bucks Harbor, Pulpit Harbor and Owls Head — were short on shopping opportunities. We could stock up on beer, lighthouse magnets and fishing line at the general store, but were out of luck if we needed stitch markers or crochet hooks.
The group happily skipped through the thicket of yarn and tools. Lesley Watts, of Cambridge, Mass., eyed a kit called the Lobster on the Rocks Hat. Christina Cardone, of Philadelphia, headed for the ball winder. (On the Riggin, I looped the hank around the legs of a bar stool in the saloon, a Maggie-tested trick.) I picked up a starter pack because, big confession, I have only tried knitting once. In a pre-trip message, Maggie suggested that we bring along any unfinished projects. I resurrected a nubby green scarf I had started on a long-ago visit to the Rockland-Camden area. The purple plastic needles resembled a Pompeii artifact, frozen in the same stitch for nearly a decade.
Back on the schooner, with our packages stowed away in our berths, we took our places on deck. Some passengers settled into stadium seats beneath the boom; others sat on benches wedged between the rigging. Fingers moved rhythmically, hypnotically. The sails puffed their cheeks. Abstract shapes started to transform into recognizable forms. The bowsprit bounced in the waves. I sat quietly, hands still, a nest of yarn in my lap.
"Is there any knitting going on?" Maggie shouted over the wind. "Should I be circulating and mentoring?"
By the time we reached Warren Island, our first anchor site, my fingers were fluttering, too.
Roughing it
If you have cruised on a large vessel or chartered a sailboat, consider yourself pampered. The Riggin has more in common with camping than traditional cruising. The most modern amenity on the former 1927 oyster dredger with National Historic Landmark status is an iPhone charger attached to a 12-volt battery.
Think Freeport is all outlets? Made in Maine shops will show you otherwise
The Riggin can carry up to 24 guests, who sleep in 11 subterranean cabins accessible by steep steps. A sign reminded us to descend backward; the "or else" was implicit. In the morning, we resembled prairie dogs, popping out of our holes for coffee and homemade toaster tarts or steel-cut oats with Maine blueberries. On sold-out cruises, strangers will sometimes bunk with strangers in staterooms containing two or three beds. Returning guests will room with friends they haven't seen since the last knitting cruise. Depending on the cabin, they often have to take turns standing up.
Going solo
The Riggin's matchmakers had originally paired me with a Virginian named Turtle, until they discovered that they were traveling with a North Carolinian sheep shearer named Charlotte, so I scored my own room in the bow. The sleeping section in the ship's nose accommodated four cabins, plus the captains' digs. I met Lesley, my across-the-hall neighbor, while they were debating the upper vs. lower bunk. In my stateroom, a leak over the top bed made the decision for me. I stored my bags around the wet spot and placed my knitting paraphernalia on a shelf by my feet. The cabin was snuggly, especially when I built a cocoon out of the two sets of wool blankets and quilts. I didn't even have to risk cold feet to brush my teeth. I could reach the sink from my bed.
Captain Annie Mahle prepares elaborate meals, including breakfast, that the crew places out on deck for passengers. (Andrea Sachs/The Washington Post)
After eight years, the author's finally finished green scarf gets to wave in the breeze — thanks to the help of more-experienced knitters. (Andrea Sachs/The Washington Post)
Unlike on the major cruise lines, we didn't receive newsletters under our doors listing the day's events. No ballroom dancing or zip lines or even swimming, unless you cared to brave the frigid Maine water. The Riggin's main activities could fit on the corner of a cocktail napkin: Sleep, eat, sail, knit. The quartet repeated itself several times throughout the day.
Eating started early, with breakfast served at 8 a.m. Annie is an accomplished chef who has published several cookbooks. (She sells them onboard, along with Riggin clothing and souvenirs, and Maggie's books.) Before every meal, which they signaled with a ring of the bell, they would describe the menu in the voice of a town crier delivering urgent news.
Annie and their assistant, Betsy Maislen, a retired nurse from Vermont, cooked on a Cottage Crawford wood stove that, under their command, performed like a Viking range. They assembled elaborate meals, such as a New England boiled dinner with brisket brined in salt and pickled with spice; a medley of savoy cabbage, onions and kohlrabi harvested from the captains' garden in Rockland; homemade Irish soda bread; and, for dessert, raspberry galette with ricotta and maple cream. Annie and Jon don't serve alcohol, but we could bring our own. Every night was open bar, with the knitters sharing their cider, boxed wines and vintages purchased at the Rite-Aid in Rockland.
We ate all of our meals on the ship except at Warren Island State Park, where the crew dinghied over the fixings for a lobster bake. Before motoring over to the picnic grounds, Jon ran down the items we should bring ashore: "Knitting, good footwear, bathing suit, something warm to wear and cold beverages of sorts. But you don't need your mugs." (We each adopted a mug that served as our drinking vessel for the week.)
On the last night of the cruise, in Maine's Penobscot Bay, passengers gather in the saloon to knit and listen to the captains sing and strum a guitar. (Andrea Sachs/The Washington Post)
Carol Thomas, a New Jersey garden center owner on their eighth Riggin cruise, prioritized the list. "The two most essential items are knitting and wine," they said. "Maybe that explains why my knitting is so erratic."
At the state park and on the ship, Maggie held classes based on this year's theme, "Knitting Without Boundaries." (Translation: Knitting without a pattern or plan, which is how I roll anyway.) They taught us to knit triangles, squares and crescents, and how to make sweaters with boat necks, evening bags with tassel closures and shawls with eight balls of yarn. They personalized the lessons to address our specific projects, such as Teresa's sweater, Lesley's sock, Turtle's water-bottle carrier and my scarf. They would interrupt themselves so we could watch lobster fishermen haul up their traps, help the crew raise the 500-pound anchor or refuel after an intense knitting session.
"Do you want hors d'oeuvres or do you want to hear Maggie talk?" Annie asked during our evening in Smith Cove.
Our answer: both.
We knitted anytime and everywhere. Before breakfast and after dinner. In the saloon warmed by the stove and crush of bodies, and on the deck lit by gas lanterns and the rising moon. When the boat was heeling and when they were as still as a pine tree on a windless day. Alone and together. As bald eagles were our witnesses, we knitted.
I completed my scarf on the second day. Dinah Smith, a Vermonter logging their third schooner cruise of the summer, knitted me a fastener. I called my creation the Donna, a cowl-neck version of the Dickie. The next day, I made a hat that I accessorized with a sailboat-shaped button purchased in Rockland. I wore it the entire next day, as armor against the chilly fog. At this point in the cruise, I was adept enough to knit, talk and gaze at the landscape without dropping too many stitches.
On the final night, we gathered below to hear Annie sing and Jon strum guitar. Around the room, knitting needles clicked softly. Like the slap of the waves and the creak of the masts, this was the sound of sailing.
More from Travel:
Behind the scenes with a Fodor's Travel hotel reviewer
A grandson sets off to identify their grandpa's travel photos. Help them place the last two.
'Do you have guests asking about ghosts?': Behind the scenes with a New Orleans hotel reviewer
COMMENT: The Brisbane Lions board met on Tuesday afternoon to review its football department, conducting interviews with all senior figures as part of CEO Greg Swann's promised top-to-bottom review of its operations. The board will also doubtless be contemplating how it can best handle the exit of its beleaguered coach, Justin Leppitsch.
Leppitsch – along with many of their assistants – is all but certain to coach their last match for the club on Sunday against St Kilda, in a major clean out of the club's coaching and development staff. But there are also other, thornier questions to be resolved at the Lions. And the biggest one is what to do about their captain, Tom Rockliff.
Rockliff is 26. They have had an up-and-down year, but is otherwise at the peak of their career.  They are reputed to be asking the Lions for up to $750,000 per season to stay, and apparently they want to. It's far less clear as to whether the club is as keen on retaining their services.
Moving Rockliff on would represent the nuclear option for the Lions, who have so few senior players. But they also have a shortage of elite talent. Rockliff could command a top-10 draft pick, or alternatively a very good up-and-coming player in the 21-23 age range, plus perhaps a lower pick from another club.
Stockholm + FÖLJ
Man ville förstora sin penis på svensk klinik – dog vid ingreppet
avJoakim Magnå , Katarina Wendelin
NYHETER 1 augusti 2017 09:42
Den 30-årige mannen skulle förstora sin penis på en privat plastikklinik i Stockholm.
Trots att han var fullt frisk avled han till följd av ingreppet. Enligt en svensk rapport är det första gången någon dör vid den här typen av penisoperation.
Nu varnar experter för att metoden kan vara farligare än man trott.
– Man ska vara medveten om riskerna. Jag tycker inte att man ska göra onödiga ingrepp, säger Brita Zilg, rättsläkare på Rättsmedicinalverket.
1 av 3 | Foto: Gustav Mårtensson Man ska vara medveten om riskerna säger experten på Rättsmedicinalverket.
Mannen – som bortsett från mild astma var frisk – ville öka både längd och omkrets på sin penis, och valde ett ingrepp där fett från buken förs över till penis med hjälp av injektioner. Det framgår av en svensk rapport publicerad i Journal of forensic sciences.
Kirurgerna på privatkliniken i Stockholm valde att först genomföra förlängningen, vilket innebär att ett snitt för att lösgöra ett ligament görs i roten av penis. Därefter skulle fettcellerna ur buken injiceras för att göra själva förstoringen.
Men innan kirurgerna hunnit bli klara med injektionen drabbades mannen av en hjärtattack. Trots insatser för att rädda hans liv, och transport till akuten, avled han mindre än två timmar senare.
– Det var en vanlig svensk ansedd plastikklinik. Ingen har gjort fel, det är ingen felbehandling. Det här är bara en väldigt sällsynt och olycklig sak som kan hända vid en operation, säger Brita Zilg, rättsläkare på Rättsmedicinalverket, som skrivit den vetenskapliga artikeln tillsammans med kollegan Petra Råsten-Almqvist.
Vill varna om riskerna
Dödsorsaken har fastställts till fettemboli. Det innebär att fettvävnad hamnat i blodomloppet och blockerat kärl i till exempel lungorna, vilket leder till andningssvikt.
– Anledningen till att jag skrev artikeln är att varna, kanske framför allt andra plastikkirurger, för att alla som jobbar med detta ska veta att det kan hända. Och att man pratar om riskerna med sina patienter innan ingreppet, säger Brita Zilg.
”Det är förvånande”
Fettemboli är en av de kända, om än ovanliga, riskerna vid fettsugning. Men det här är det första kända fallet då en penisförstoring genomförd med ingreppet leder till döden.
– Det är förvånande. Jag har naturligtvis tittat på om det hänt tidigare. I de fall där det har hänt tidigare rör det sig om större fettransplantationer där man sprutar in fett i exempelvis rumpan, brösten eller ansiktet. Då är det helt andra volymer. Det här är en liten volym som man sprutar in i penisen. Jag kan inte säga att det aldrig hänt, men det finns inga publicerade fall, säger Brita Zilg.
– Vad jag förstår är det här det första fallet av det här slaget.
Experten: Gör inte onödiga ingrepp
Brita Zilg och Petra Råsten-Almqvist skriver i sin artikel att det eventuellt är riskfyllt att injicera fett i vävnad som redan genomgått ett trauma, i det här fallet ett kirurgiskt snitt.
Ingreppet i fråga är relativt litet.
– Det är under narkos, men exempelvis en bröstförstoring är ett större ingrepp. Man ska vara medveten om riskerna. Jag tycker inte att man ska göra onödiga ingrepp.
LÄS OCKSÅ GUIDE: Så vet du om din penis är normal
LÄS OCKSÅ ”I majoriteten av fallen fungerar tekniken utmärkt”
1 augusti 2017 09:42
Thanking Forward [Monday Meeting Notes]
Monday Meeting
Well, it's the week of Thanksgiving and the last week of the month, so our month of thanks, much like the battle depicted in this sneak peak of Exalted 3rd Edition art above, is almost at an end. I'm going to give some thanks for things yet to come, and for the people who will get us there.
– It might not be the popular thing to do, but thanks to CCP. Not only for continuing our license and being open to us pitching a schedule through 2017, which is always good news, but for the whole fact that they were willing to trust us with shepherding the WW game lines three years ago. That was a big jump to make, but they wanted to do right by the WW fans and trusted us to follow through.
– Thanks to our amigos in blood at By Night Studios, for introducing our Onyx crews to a great group of folks and players who are engaged in the live action side of our hobby. I've been able to talk with fans and creators I might not have had a chance to due to their connections between the X by Night conventions and now Mid Winter in January, where I'll be Guest of Honor and have a whole day of panels- more on that in December's blogs, and the good will created by BNS‘s focused and professional handling of the new live action V20, and soon W20, rule books.
– Speaking of the 2016-2017 schedule, that is certainly something important we're looking forward to, and I must give thanks to all the line developers who have already pitched their ideas for their game lines, and the writers whose turn it now is to pitch their product ideas. These are the folks who enable us to innovate and grow the White Wolf lines in particular, and I am always in awe each Pitch Season at the sheer wealth of ideas I get to read through.
– Not to be forgotten are Dave Brookshaw, Stew Wilson, and Neall Raemonn Price, who took upon themselves the massive work needed to create a dice-pool system for Scion and the Trinity Continuum. The work they are doing will pave the way for the greatness of both those game lines in this coming next year.
– I'm grateful to be able to work with Eddy Webb on Pugmire, and with Rose Bailey on Cavaliers of Mars (and the select handful of you other amazing creators I'm talking to about similar projects), because these are the people who enable Onyx Path Publishing to be the sort of “house of ideas” I've always wanted to be a part of. It's really hard to balance growth and creativity and giving current fans more of their favorites, but I think Onyx is headed in the right direction because of these creators trusting us with their game-babies.
– I'm also thankful to be able to reconnect with writers and artists stretching all the way back to our early years at WW and bring them with us into this new era of RPG publishing, and right now in the immediate future that includes the artists from the classic Wraith: the Oblivion run. If any of you out there in the ether know of, or are friends with, a classic Wraith artist, please let them know we'd love to have them contribute to the Wraith: The Oblivion 20th Anniversary Edition. I've talked to a lot of our classic artists, but there's a larger number of them unaccounted for than with our previous 20th books. Point them to richt@theonyxpath.com. And Wr20 also was great for giving me a reason to talk much more with my old friend Rich “The Deadguy” Dansky culminating in what is always the most intense of experiences as we work on the Deluxe Wr20 Kickstarter that we expect to go live next week at 12 Noon EST on Tuesday, December 2nd.
– And, of course, but never to be taken for granted: all of you. My heartfelt thanks to each and every one of you who have supported us so far and who are excited for what we've got coming up. Kickstarter backers, Twitter followers, Open-Dev commentators, Facebook friends and likers, Forum posters, Mailing List subscribers, all of you who talk to me every week on this blog, and those of you in our community who don't yet interact with us other than by buying (and hopefully enjoying) our projects. You are all great and the reason we can look into the future and expect even more fun and fascinating developments yet to come.
So in return for your incredible support, we've been working with our friends at DTRPG to put together some Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday sales to express our appreciation:
– Black Friday, November 28th only, we'll have the Changeling the Dreaming 2nd Edition PDF on sale for $4.99, as well as additional blackened special offers.
– From Black Friday, November 28th, through Cyber-Monday, the 1st of December, all Scion PDFs will be 25% off.
– Cyber-Monday, December 1st only, the God-Machine Chronicle PDF will be on sale for $4.99, and there will be other techno-special offers as well.
– Finally, we will be sending out to our Onyx Path Mailing List subscribers a coupon code for a free copy of the original Trinity rulebook good from Thanksgiving, November 27th until mid-December, as our way of saying how much we appreciate you folks who knowingly signed up for more of our insane communications! You might be gluttons for punishment, but we love you for it!
Speaking of the combination of punishment and love, our ongoing project updates:
DEVELOPMENT STATUS FROM ROLLICKING ROSE (Projects in bold have changed listings)
First Draft (The first phase of a project that is about the work being done by writers, not dev prep)
Beast: the Primordial core book (Beast: The Primordial)
W20 Pentex Employee Indoctrination Handbook (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
M20 Book of Secrets (Mage: the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition)
Cursed Necropolis: Rio (Mummy: the Curse)
Secrets of the Covenants (Vampire: The Requiem 2nd Edition) – In Open Development
Wraith: the Oblivion 20th Anniversary Edition
V20 Black Hand: Guide to the Tal'Mahe'Ra (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition) – In Open Development
W20 Novel by Mike Lee (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
Exalted 3rd Novel by Matt Forbeck (Exalted 3rd Edition)
W20 Changing Ways (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
Demon Storytellers' Guide (Demon: the Descent)
Redlines
Mummy Fiction Anthology (Mummy: the Curse)
Exalted 3rd Fiction Anthology (Exalted 3rd Edition)
Arms of the Chosen (Exalted 3rd Edition)
W20 Shattered Dreams (Werewolf: the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition)
Mage: the Awakening 2nd Edition, featuring the Fallen World Chronicle (Mage: the Awakening) – In Open Development
Second Draft
Promethean: the Created 2nd Edition, featuring the Firestorm Chronicle (Promethean: the Created) – Playtesting
Development
V20 Red List (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
V20 Ghouls (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
World of Darkness Dark Eras- Vampire chapter (WoD Dark Eras)
Sothis Ascends (Mummy: the Curse)
Fallen World Chronicle Fiction Anthology (Mage: the Awakening)
M20 How do you DO that? (Mage: the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition)
Editing
Werewolf: the Forsaken 2nd Edition, featuring the Idigam Chronicle (Werewolf: the Forsaken)
Exalted 3rd Edition core book- From Holden: editing is still working methodically through the Charms chapter. (Exalted 3rd Edition)
Firestorm Chronicle Fiction Anthology (Promethean: the Created 2nd Edition)
V20 Lore of the Clans (Vampire: the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition)
Development (post-editing)
World of Darkness Dark Eras core book (WoD Dark Eras)
Mage: the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition core book (Mage: the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition)
ART DIRECTION FROM MIRTHFUL MIKE
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has temporarily stepped aside from the committee's probe into Russia's interference in the US election and whether President Donald Trump's campaign was involved.
Their announcement comes as they have become the subject of an ethics investigation.
Nunes has come under intense scrutiny after their decision last month to bypass the rest of their committee and brief Trump on classified executive-branch documents they said showed that members of Trump's transition team had been swept up in government surveillance.
Nunes repeatedly had said they did not intend to step aside, but there have been questions about their ability to lead an independent investigation. Reports have said they obtained the documents from White House officials, despite their claims to the contrary.
But in a statement on Thursday, Nunes said they would allow Rep. Mike Conaway to lead the investigation while they waited for the House Ethics Committee to look into complaints filed against them by what they said were "several left-wing activist groups."
Those groups, Democracy 21 and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, requested the Office of Congressional Ethics investigate whether Nunes "publicly revealed classified information in violation of Rule 23 Clause 13" when they told reporters last month that they had obtained information about "American intelligence monitoring foreign officials" who may have "incidentally picked up communications of Trump transition team members."
Rule 23 Clause 13 of the House rules says:
"Before a Member, Delegate, Resident Commissioner, officer, or employee of the House may have access to classified information, the following oath (or affirmation) shall be executed: 'I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will not disclose any classified information received in the course of my service with the House of Representatives, except as authorized by the House of Representatives or in accordance with its Rules.'"
Nunes acknowledged that the documents they had obtained, and on which they had briefed the press, were classified. But they insisted that they did not break any rules because they did not go into detail about the content of the intelligence reports.
The House Intelligence Committee's probe into Trump and Russia had all but stalled by the end of last month, with Nunes blaming Democrats — and vice versa — for the impasse.
But Nunes had refused to step aside even as the committee's top Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff, said it would be difficult, if not impossible, to conduct a "credible investigation" as long as Nunes refused to share the information they had obtained with the rest of the committee.
About the investigation's credibility with Nunes at the helm, Schiff told CNN on March 29, "I'd love to get back on track, but I'm not willing to say something is legitimate if it's not."
On Thursday, Schiff told reporters that Nunes' recusal was "in the best interest of the investigation."
"It will, I think, allow us to have a fresh start," they said.
NOW WATCH: People on Twitter are turning Paul Ryan's healthcare presentation into hilarious memes
More From Business Insider
It took little more than a week in office for President Donald Trump to thrust the nation to the brink of a constitutional crisis.
Late Friday, Trump issued an executive order forbidding millions of refugees, hundreds of thousands of visitors and 500,000 legal immigrants from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the United States. Over the following 48 hours, massive protests erupted in cities and airports nationwide, courts temporarily blocked major parts of the order, the administration defied the courts and Democrats called for an investigation into the administration's defiance. As the weekend drew to a close, an anonymous White House official proclaimed the whole episode a “massive success story.”
The federal courts thought otherwise. On Saturday night, a judge in Brooklyn ordered the Trump administration to stop deporting refugees and visitors immigration authorities had previously cleared to enter the country. Two judges in Massachusetts ordered that travelers who were legally authorized to be in the United States shouldn't be detained at or deported from Logan International Airport for a period of seven days. A judge in Seattle halted the deportation of two travelers. And a judge in Virginia issued an order requiring the administration to allow lawyers access to lawful permanent residents — also known as green card holders — whom Customs and Border Protection agents had detained at Dulles International Airport on Trump's instructions.
When federal judges rule, government officials — up to and including the president — are supposed to obey or risk being held in contempt of court. A government that ignored the courts would be able to violate the law and the Constitution at will. So for more than two centuries, the nation's courts have had the last word on what's legal and constitutional — and what is not.
“We are and will remain in compliance with judicial orders,” the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement Sunday evening.
DHS added that it was working with airlines to prevent people it didn't want to enter the U.S. from even boarding planes. Since the broadest federal court order only applied to people inside the U.S. or in transit, and since federal court orders generally don't apply outside the U.S., this move will allow the administration to enforce the executive order as it chooses with less risk of flouting judicial directives. It's not yet clear whether the Massachusetts judges' order, which applied to people traveling through Logan International Airport in Boston, requires airlines to allow people affected by the executive order to board.
And over the weekend, at least, there was little indication that the Trump administration had fully complied with the court orders — or that Trump's inner circle even believed the administration had to do so.
“Saturday's ruling does not undercut the president's executive order,” a senior White House official told NBC News midday Sunday in reference to the Brooklyn judge's decision. “All stopped visas will remain stopped. All halted admissions will remain halted. All restricted travel will remain prohibited.”
Customs and Border Protection officials refused throughout the weekend to obey the Virginia judge's order to allow lawyers access to detainees at Dulles. “It's not going to happen,” they told attorneys who hoped to represent the detained people. When Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) showed up at the airport shortly before midnight Saturday, CBP officials refused to meet with him, according to reporting by The Daily Beast's Betsy Woodruff.
“I am now of the belief that though this was issued by the judicial branch, that it was violated tonight,” Booker said, brandishing the order. “And so one of the things I will be doing is fighting to make sure that the executive branch abides by the law as it was issued in this state and around the nation. This will be an ongoing battle ... I believe it's a constitutional crisis, where the executive branch is not abiding by the law.”
The next morning, four Democratic members of the House of Representatives went to the airport and tried and failed to convince CBP to obey the order.
Or: Do “byproduct” animals of food animal production significantly affect estimates of comparative suffering caused by those foods? No.
[Image adapted from this image by Flickr user Sadie_Girl, under a CC BY-SA 2.0 license.]
See, relatedly: What happens to cows in the US?
Short version
There's a shared belief in animal-welfare-oriented effective altruism that eggs and chicken meat cause a great deal more suffering than beef or dairy (1). You can make big strides towards reducing the amount of suffering caused in your diet by eating fewer eggs and chicken, even if you don't go fully vegetarian or vegan.
Julia Galef, Brian Tomasik, and William MacAskill have made different versions of this calculation, with different metrics, and have come to the same conclusion. These three calculations include only the animal used directly for production. (Details about the calculations and my modifications are in the long version below.) But the production of several kinds of animal product require bringing into existence animals that aren't used for that product – like male calves born to lactating dairy cows, or male chicks born when producing egg-laying hens. I wondered if including these animals would significantly change the amount of suffering in various animal foods.
It turns out that even accounting for these other animals indirectly created during production, the amount of suffering relative to other animal foods doesn't change very much. If you buy the premises of these quantitative ethical comparisons, beef and dairy make so much product using so few animals that they're still 1-3 orders of magnitude better than eggs or chicken. Or rather, the message of “eat less chicken” and “if you're going to eat animal products, eat dairy and beef” still makes sense even if we account for the maximum number of other animals created incidental to production of each food animal. I'm going to call these the “direct and incidental animals” (DIA) involved in a single animal's worth of product.
The question is complicated by the fact that “incidental” animals still go into another part of the system. Day-old male chicks are used for pet and livestock food, and male dairy calves are raised for meat.
Given that these male calves are tied to dairy production, it seems unlikely that production of dairy and meat is what it would be if they weren't connected. For instance, if there is less demand for dairy and thus fewer male dairy calves, it seems like one of the following should happen:
No change to meat calf supply, less meat will be produced (DIA estimates seem correct) Proportionally more meat calves will be raised (original estimates seem correct) Something between the above (more likely)
Reframed: It depends on whether demand for dairy increases the meat supply and makes it less profitable to raise meat cows, or whether demand for meat makes it more profitable to raise dairy cows, or both. I'm not an economist and don't go into which one of these is the case. (I tried to figure this out and didn't make much headway.) That said, it seems likely that the actual expected number of animal lives or days of suffering is somewhere between the initial numbers and my altered values for each source.
The most significant change I find from the original findings suggest that meat cows cause a fair bit more suffering over a longer period of time than the original calculations predict, only if demand for meat is significantly propping up the dairy industry. But even if that's true, the suffering caused by beef is a little smaller than that caused by pork, and nowhere near as much as smaller animals.
Modifications to other estimates including direct and incidental animals (DIA)
Tomasik's original estimate DIA Tomasik's estimate Galef's orginal estimate DIA Galef's estimate Milk 0.12 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.14 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.000057 max lives per 1000 calories of milk 0.00013 max lives per 1000 calories of milk Beef 1.9 max equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 4.74 max equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.002469 max lives per 1000 calories 0.0029 max lives per 1000 calories Eggs 110 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 125 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.048485 lives per 1000 calories 0.048485 lives per 1000 calories
That's basically it. For a little more info and how I came to these conclusions, read on.
Longer version
On the topic of effectively helping animals, one thing I've heard a few times is that eating dairy and beef aren't terribly harmful, since they come from such large animals that a serving of beef or milk is a very small part of the output of the animal. On the other hand, chickens are very small – an egg is a day's output of an animal, and a family can eat an entire chicken in one dinner. Compare that with the fact that most chickens are raised in extremely unnatural and unpleasant conditions, and you have a framework for directly comparing the suffering that goes into different animal products.
This calculation has been made by three people I'm aware of – Brian Tomasik on their website, William MacAskill in their book Doing Good Better, and Julia Galef on their blog. The organization One Step for the Animals also recommends people stop eating chickens, on these grounds, but I didn't find a similar breakdown on their website after a few minutes of looking. It's still worth checking out, though. (Did you know chicken consumption, in pounds/year, has surpassed beef consumption and is still climbing, but only over the last 20 years?)
Galef compares calories per life. They include the male chicks killed for each egg-laying hen.
Tomasik looks at “days of suffering caused per kg demanded”.
Macaskill briefly examines three factors: the number of animal years and lives that go into a year of eating in the average omnivorous American diet, and also numerical “quality of life” estimates from Bailey Norwood. (He doesn't combine these factors numerically so much as use them to establish a basis for recommending people avoid chicken. I didn't do an in-depth analysis of his, but safe to say that like the others, adding in other animal lives doesn't seem to change their conclusions significantly.)
With pigs and meat chickens, the case is straightforward – both sexes are raised for meat, and suppliers breed animals to sell them and retain enough to continue breeding. The aged animals are eventually slaughtered as meat as well.
But only female hens lay eggs. Meat chickens and egg chickens raised at scale in the USA are two different breeds, so when a breeder produces laying hens, they wind up with more male chicks than are needed for breeding. Similarly, dairy cows have to give birth to a calf every season they produce milk. The average dairy cow gives 2.4 calves in their lifetime, and slightly less than 1.2 of those are male. The male egg chicks and male dairy calves are used for meat.
Aged dairy cows and egg-laying chickens are also sold as meat. “Spent hens” that are no longer commercially profitable, at 72 weeks old, are sold for ‘processed chicken meat'. (Other sources claim pet food or possibly just going to landfills. Pet food sounds reasonable, but landfills seem unlikely to me, at least for large operations.) There aren't as many of these as either cows or chickens raised directly for meat, so they're a comparatively small fraction, but they're clearly still feeding into the meat system.
🐔
When talking about this, we quickly run into some economic questions, like “perhaps if the demand for dairy dropped, the meat industry would start raising more calves for meat instead?”
My intuition says it ought to shake out one way or the other – either decreasing demand for dairy cows results in the price of meat going up, or decreasing demand for meat results in demand for dairy cows going down.
In the egg case, male chicks aren't literally put in a landfill, they're ground and sold for pet food. Without this otherwise unused source of protein, would pet food manufacturers increase demand for some other kind of meat? It seems possible that both this would happen and that the price of pet food would increase. Then, maybe less would be bought to make up for the difference, at least in the long term – cheap pet food must be somewhat inelastic, at least in the short term?
My supply and demand curves suggest that both demand should decline and price should increase. That said, we're leaving the sphere of my knowledge and I don't know how to advise you here. For the moment, I'm comfortable folding in both animals produced in the supply chain for a product, and animals directly killed or used for a product. But based on the economic factors above, these still don't equate to “how many animal lives / days are expected to be reduced in the long term by avoiding consumption of a given product.”
At the most, though, dairy cows bring an extra 1.2 meat cow into existence, meat cows bring an extra .167 dairy cow, and each egg-laying hen brings an extra 1 male chicken that is killed around the first day. These are the “direct and incidental animals” created for each animal directly used during productive.
Some notes on the estimates below:
I ignored things like fish and krill meal that go into production. Tomasik notes that 37% of the global fish harvest (by mass) is ground and used for animal feed for farmed fish, chickens, and pigs. But this seems to be mostly from wild forage fish, not farmed fish, and wild populations are governed by a different kind of population optimum – niches. We'd guess that each fish removed from the environment frees up resources that will be eaten by, on average, one new fish. (Of course, populations we're fishing seem to be declining, so something is happening, but it's certainly not one-to-one.)
I also only looked at egg-laying chickens, meat cows, and dairy cows. This is because pork and other industries aren't sex-segregated – all babies born are raised for the same thing. A few will be kept aside and used to produce more babies, but even the breeding ones will eventually be turned into meat. The amount of days these animals live probably affect Tomasik's calculations somewhat, but the breeding animals are still the minority.
I also didn't include a detailed analysis because if you're concerned about animal welfare, you probably already don't eat veal. (I'm going to assert that if you want to eat ethically treated food, avoid a meat whose distinguishing preparation characteristic is “force-feed a baby”.) Veal is a byproduct of the dairy industry, but a minority of the calves. Foie gras does have a multiplier effect because female geese don't fatten up as much, and are killed early, so for each goose turned into foie gras, another goose is killed young.
Old dairy cows and laying hens are used for meat, but it's a minority of the meat production. I didn't factor this in. See What happens to cows in the US for more on cows.
Modifications to other estimates including direct and incidental animals (DIA)
Tomasik's original estimate DIA Tomasik's estimate Galef's orginal estimate DIA Galef's estimate Milk 0.12 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.14 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.000057 max lives per 1000 calories of milk 0.00013 max lives per 1000 calories of milk Beef 1.9 max equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 4.74 max equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.002469 max lives per 1000 calories 0.0029 max lives per 1000 calories Eggs 110 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 125 equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded 0.048485 lives per 1000 calories 0.048485 lives per 1000 calories
DIA modifications to Tomasik's estimate
(Days of equivalent suffering / kg)
To adjust this estimate, I added the extra “equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded” for the other animals:
Egg-laying chickens
(4 suffering per day of life in egg-laying chickens * 501 days of life) + 1 * (3 suffering per days of life in meat chickens * 1 day of life) / 16 kg of edible product over life of egg-laying chicken = 125 max equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded (vs 110)
Dairy cows
(2 suffering per day of life in milk cows * 1825 days of life) + 1.2 * (1 suffering per day of life in meat cows * 395 days of life) / 30000 kg of edible product over life of dairy cow = 0.14 max equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded (vs 0.12)
Meat cows
(1 suffering per day of life in meat cows * 395 days of life) + 0.167 * (2 suffering per day of life in dairy cows * 1825 days of life) / 212 kg of edible product over life of meat cow = 4.74 max equivalent days of suffering caused per kg demanded (vs 1.9)
The meat cow number is the only very different one here.
DIA modifications to Galef's estimate
I adjusted this by adding other lives to Galef's estimate of lives per 1000 calories:
Egg-laying chicken
Galef included this in their calculation of 0.048485 lives per 1000 calories of eggs.
Dairy cows
[0.000057 lives per 1000 calories of milk] * 2.2 = 0.00013 max lives per 1000 calories of milk
[0.000075 lives per 1000 calories of cheese] * 2.2 = 0.00017 max lives per 1000 calories of cheese
Meat cows
[0.002469 lives per 1000 calories of beef] * 1.167 = 0.0029 max lives per 1000 calories of beef
Other economic notes
I'm hoping someone who knows more here will be able to make use of the information I found.
The number of meat cows in the US has been broadly decreasing since 1970. The number of dairy cows has also been decreasing since at least 1965, but dairy consumption is increasing, because those cows are giving far more milk.
When dairy prices drop, dairy farmers are known to kill some of their herds and sell them for meat, leading to a drop in meat prices.
We would also expect dairies and beef farms to compete with each other for some of the same resources, like land and feed.
A friend wondered whether dairy steers are much smaller than beef cows, so if shifting the same volume of meat production to these steers would mean more animal lives. It turns out that dairy steers and beef cows are about the same weight at slaughter.
(1) With fish perhaps representing much more suffering than eggs or chickens, and other large meat sources like pigs somewhere in the middle.)
This blog has a Patreon. If you like what you've read, consider giving it a look.
Advertisements
1. Reduce your usage/Increase efficiency
The first thing to do before going solar is to see if there are ways to optimize/reduce your energy consumption. Check for all conventional equipment in your home and see what you could make more efficient or reduce. CFLs are 4 times more efficient and last 10 times as long as an incandescent bulb, so replacing regular lamps with CFLs and LEDs can bring huge energy savings. Check if you are using energy-star rated equipment. These might cost more in the beginning but will pay for themselves in a few years compared to equipment that has no energy rating. Reducing your energy consumption makes it easier to go off the grid and convert your energy source to solar power.
2. Check on how much space you have
The amount of space you have in your home fundamentally decides how much you can go solar in your house. Find out how many sq.ft of roof/balcony area you have in order to install a solar panel. It is optimal for solar panels to face South so that they get sunlight throughout the day. Solar Panels usually come in standard 250Wp (Watt Peak) to 300Wp panels for larger home installations. Even some medium to large installation use multiple 74Wp or 100Wp panels. It depends on the installer, the space availability and the system design.
3. Measure how much electricity you use everyday
A 3000Wp of solar panels, charged through the day, can provide about 8000 Watts of power, subtracting inefficiencies. A typical Solar Cell provides around 0.5 Volts and around 36 and 72 Solar Cells make up a typical solar panel which implies 12 and 24 Volts. With one panel, you can choose a combination you want to power – all fans or all lights or just the kitchen. The first step is to study your electricity bill. Always go for genuine suppliers. A regular 2/3BHK household using a microwave, will need about 15,000 Watts of power everyday.
The India Solar Homes from Bridge to India can estimate your solar power cost by looking at your State, your last month's electricity bill, power backups you have and reliable power you get. The Bijli Bachao site helps you analyze your electricity bill. It also has information about equipment and power used, so get an approximate usage per room and by device before you plan your solar lighting in your home. Anu Solar has a comprehensive water heating/lighting/power backup calculator.
4. How much will you pay for the sun?
Though solar power can cut down your electricity bills, it does require some installation cost and initial investment. Figure out how much you can spend and plan your solar implementation accordingly. The cost of solar varies from Rs.40,000 to Rs.6,00,000 depending upon how much of the energy you would like to generate from solar. You can calculate your cost by following method (simplistic way of arriving at approximate)
Calculate your approximate load (in watts) for a day
Divide it by 3 (avg. no of hours of sun)
Multiply by Rs. 110
Eg: For 1800 Watts a day, you need solar panels that can produce 600 Watts. The cost will be 66,000 for this installation.
5. Servicing and maintenance
The life of a solar panel is 25 years. Solar panels have no moving parts or electronics and require practically no maintenance throughout its life of 25 years or so. While buying, ensure you are picking up reliable equipment from genuine certified suppliers. Question the dealer about how they have built the structure of the panel and what is the guarantee.
6. Get a good battery
A typical solar power installation has 4 components: the solar panels, the charge controller (to convert DC to AC), battery charger (for storage) and the actual equipment.
Make sure you buy your battery from a known brand and it is kept at an airy space otherwise t will get heated up and the life will get reduced.
Information put together by The Alternative with the help of Ifthikar Javed of myecoday.com. If you have further queries, write in to us at editor@thealternative.in with Green Homes in the title.
Schumacher College in the UK is known to many as an environmental science college, but recently the institution has seen the potential of opening a channel of communication with big business. Forging connections between the business world and the contemporary environmental movement is one of the key challenges of moving sustainability into the mainstream.
TreeHugger has actively encouraged business leaders to contribute to, comment on and become involved with the green community, in an effort to help them feel engaged with the key sustainability issues of our times. In the same spirit of inclusion this autumn Schumacher College is offering a series of short courses designed for leaders in business. Click over the page to find out which course is for you.The Programme's Overview
"Leaders need a personal route towards inner and outer sustainability. Furthermore, achieving real progress towards sustainability requires identifying the right goals and strategies, and creating ownership of these processes within organisations."
The Sustainability and Leadership courses:
1. The Personal Challenge, October 14 – 17 2008
This experiential course is designed for senior executives and will be lead by Richard Olivier, artistic director of Olivier Mythodrama. "Mythodrama is a new and highly successful form of leadership development. Its unique methodology combines great stories, theatre practice, psychology and philosophy with organisational development techniques to provide transformational learning events.
"The sessions utilise Shakespeare's timeless play As You Like It. Participants will explore for themselves a fascinating journey of renewal, philosophical thinking, creative expression and new possibilities, an invaluable process for leaders in sustainability."
2. The Organisational Challenge, October 27 – 31 2008
"This course will provide participants with first-hand experience from different organisations and businesses showing creativity in leadership for sustainability. Expert teachers and facilitators, who have, in exceptional ways, pioneered successes within different challenging environments, will lead the course. Participants will be inspired by these examples and supported in developing an innovative approach to their own leadership challenges."
The course leaders are Allan Jones, CEO of the the London Climate Change Agency, Gaynor Coley, Managing Director and Deputy CEO of the Eden Project, Nick Robins, Head of HSBC's Climate Change Centre of Excellence, Paul Dickinson, CEO and Founder of the Carbon Disclosure Project,
3. Systems Thinking in Practice, 9 – 27 March 2009
This three-week course (you can choose the number of weeks you attend) is intended for: "social entrepreneurs, community leaders, designers, policymakers at all levels, and concerned individuals who want insights into the most effective ways to become active for social change."
The course will take the following format: Week 1 - Gunter Pauli, head of the ZERI Foundation, takes the theme Nature as Inspiration; Week 2 - Don Beck, developer of Spiral Dynamics, will address Social Transformation, Week 3 - John Wood, Professor of Design at Goldsmiths, will discuss how designers can think more innovatively and responsibly about their practice and Rob Hopkins will talk about the Transition Towns movement.
A community experience
All three courses offer expert knowledge, ground-breaking thinking and use innovative workshop methods, but it is not just the course's content that business leaders will benefit from during their time at Schumacher. The College prides itself on 'the whole experience' and participants on these residential courses will have a chance to engage with the stunning Dartmoor landscape, get active in the garden and cook meals for the group. There is a community atmosphere that is a key part of the course and many people leave the College feeling like they've had a transformative experience.
Visit the Schumacher website to book a place on one of these courses.
:: Schumacher College
More on Sustainability and Education:
Biomimicry Course: Learn About The Amazing Potential of Design Inspired by Nature
Grading Green Schools: The College Sustainability Report Card 2009
Green College Rankings Now Available From The Princeton Review
Ben & Jerry's Climate Change College
Bachelor's Degree in Alternative-Energy at Canton College
Environmental Education at St Francis of Assisi Academy
The Home Depot hack was even worse than authorities originally thought, according to a new report. Along with compromising 56 million credit-card accounts, the hackers also exposed 53 million customer email addresses.
Two months ago, the hackers accessed the retailer's system through usernames and passwords they stole from a refrigeration contractor's electronic billing account. Target and other companies have been infiltrated in a similar fashion. Authorities who investigated the Home Depot incident revealed the full scope of the hack to the Wall Street Journal on Thursday.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The Home Depot hackers took aim at 7,500 of the company's self-checkout lanes. The software hid itself for five months, collecting data and transmitting it to an outside system.
[WSJ]
Write to Eliana Dockterman at eliana.dockterman@time.com.
To understand DC Comics' move to day-and-date with digital editions of their print comics, you have to understand the intent behind their relaunch.
One crucial thing hasn't changed. For as long as I've known him, Dan Didio has believed the key to a resurgent DC is reclaiming all the readers the commercial medium lost in the 90s. On the DC Retailer Roadshow, he's been hammering this home. Recent statements about how commercial comics have gotten boring and that there should be more visual punch in the mode of 90s comics movements like the early Image Comics work and (unspoken, but certainly associated) the Marvel style of that general period… have made their mark, but have also misled a bit. It's all about accessing that hypothetical lost fan base. The impression the recent statements have left is Dan saying “comics used to sell loads back then, let's do that again.” And that can't happen in print.
Comics used to sell loads back then, yes. But a big part of that — and this is the part they aren't mentioning — is that there were ten thousand comics shops back then. And now there are, optimistically and rounding up, about two thousand. There simply aren't the number of outlets left to sell the kind of volume comics could shift in the 90s.
The gamble here is this: that hypothetical lost fan base is older, has credit cards and disposable income, and an internet connection that can bring the DC Comics section of a notional comics store right to their desks. That, in fact, digital comics services will do the work of those eight thousand stores that don't exist anymore.
It was in DC's core DNA to protect and serve physical comics stores. To the point where every 18 months or so they'd pay for a hundred comics retailers to attend a special DC conference, where the retailers could moan at them for two days and then go home and order more Marvel comics. (In broad and crude terms, DC were the attentive suitor, while Marvel Comics treated retailers mean to keep them keen.) Now, there is a fascinating situation where DC will polybag special issues of JUSTICE LEAGUE #1 with a digital-comic download code, a book that will cost an extra dollar. Comics are done on firm sale. Which means, as far as I can see, that the retailer is being charged extra money on each copy of that edition too. Maybe I'm wrong, and comics retailers aren't being offered a reacharound while getting an mild yet unwelcome pegging. But it's an interesting kind of support. DC are offering support to retailers in other ways and are making sympathetic noises, but other quotes from this roadshow — one from Bob Wayne, DC's head of sales, boiled down to “if you're not selling enough of our comics you're not doing your job” — tend to suggest that someone at the company has realised that the comics retailers already have a girlfriend and never liked DC anyway.
(Also, Dan and Jim? I love you guys, and I'm greatly enjoying watching you start some shit. But you can't keep talking about how the old comics were boring when you in fact were the old management too. Someone's eventually going to call you on it, and you're not going to have a good answer. That said: keep starting fires. It's good.)
sent from [device: spacebook]
Posted via email from warrenellis's posterous
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump continued their attacks on Republican Party insiders and the delegate process Friday, first penning an op-ed ripping "the system" and hammering the party at two campaign stops.
The comments were swiftly condemned by Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, who insisted this was the same nominating process the party has "been using for many years."
Headlined "Let me ask America a question," Trump wrote in a Wall Street Journal op-ed Thursday night, "How has the 'system' been working out for you and your family?"
Trump condemned Colorado's delegate selection process as undemocratic. "One million Republicans in Colorado were sidelined," they wrote, challenging Americans to judge the current "system."
"I, for one, am not interested in defending a system that for decades has served the interest of political parties at the expense of the people," the Republican front-runner declared. "No one forced anyone to cancel the vote in Colorado. Political insiders made a choice to cancel it. And it was the wrong choice."
The Republican Party in Colorado last year decided to forgo holding an open presidential primary or caucus contest for the 2016 cycle due to cost concerns, choosing instead to have party members select delegates at the state convention.
Photos: Hide Caption 1 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 3 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 4 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 5 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 6 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 7 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 8 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 9 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 10 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 11 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 12 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 13 of 14 Photos: Hide Caption 14 of 14
Trump also sought to link primary rival Texas Sen. Ted Cruz to those insiders seeking to deny them the nomination. "The great irony of this campaign is that the 'Washington cartel' that Mr. Cruz rails against is the very group they are relying upon in their voter-nullification scheme," they wrote.
"My campaign strategy is to win with the voters," Trump wrote. "Ted Cruz's campaign strategy is to win despite them."
But Priebus defended the nominating process Friday in an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, saying that if Trump doesn't like the rules, they can change them.
"This is a very normal system that we've been using for many years," Priebus said on "Wolf." "And by the way, if anyone wants to reform the system, they can do so on the Rules Committee, because every four years, the Rules Committee gets together and they write the rules for the nomination of our party. So that's who writes the rules. It's not the RNC that writes the rules to determine the system."
Also on Friday, Sean Spicer, the RNC communications director, reiterated that "the rules surrounding the delegate selection have been clearly laid out" for months, and noted that delegates can be awarded "through a primary, caucus, or convention" -- the last being the particular target of Trump's frustration.
But despite Trump's charge in their piece that "what we are seeing now is not a proper use of the rules, but a flagrant abuse of the rules," the RNC adamantly resisted those claims. "The RNC is transparent about the rules and works with campaigns on a consistent basis to address any questions surrounding the process," Spicer wrote in Friday's memo.
Seeming to respond indirectly to Trump, they also wrote, "it ultimately falls on the campaigns to be up to speed on these delegate rules."
"Each process is easy to understand for those willing to learn it."
Later Friday afternoon, Steve House, the chairperson of the Colorado Republican Party, said in a statement that "the notion that any secret group of politicians colluded behind closed doors against one presidential candidate last August by eliminating the straw poll is completely false."
"Considering turnout at caucus was about the same in 2016 compared to 2012, it's clear the straw poll is not what 'sidelines' Colorado Republicans -- it is state law which does not provide Coloradans with a presidential primary," said House, who added that the state party "stands with all those today calling on the state legislature to open up the presidential voting process by instituting a true primary."
Speaking in Plattsburgh, New York, Friday afternoon, Trump continued their criticism of the delegate process in Colorado.
"They changed the system," Trump said. "And they went to a deal where the bosses picked the delegates. And the people never got to vote. And the people didn't know in Colorado that their vote was being taken away from them and let me tell you, you have some angry people in Colorado right now. And you want to know the truth? It's a beautiful thing to watch because they're 100% right."
Trump kept up their attacks later in the evening, telling an audience in Hartford, Connecticut, "If I don't make it, you're going to have millions of people who don't vote for a Republican."
Trump then seemed to allude to a comment they made last month in which they warned of riots if the GOP establishment has a contested convention.
"You're going to have millions of people that aren't going to vote -- and hopefully that's all. Hopefully that's all," Trump said Friday.
Billionaire Tom Steyer directly rebuked the cancellation in a statement released Friday. | Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Steyer claims breach of contract after Fox News pulls their Trump impeachment ads
Billionaire political donor and activist Tom Steyer has accused Fox News of breaching its contract to air ads on the network calling for President Donald Trump's impeachment, according to a letter sent to the network by Steyer's legal team.
Brad Deutsch, a lawyer for the California philanthropist and prominent Democratic booster, called Fox News' decision to pull the 60-second TV spot that began airing in October "baseless and unethical" in a memo addressed to Fox News co-president Jack Abernethy on Nov. 3.
Story Continued Below
Deutsch wrote that the network had "unconditionally" agreed on Oct. 27 to air the ads another week and that the move to pull them signaled "a profound failure of journalistic integrity, a suppression of constitutionally protected speech, and likely a consequence of inexcusable political pressure."
Fox News cited concerns over the response from their viewership in moving to cancel the ads last week.
“Due to the strong negative reaction to their ad by our viewers, we could not in good conscience take their money," Abernethy said in a statement provided to POLITICO.
The spot, part of an ad buy of more than $10 million by Steyer calling for the president's impeachment, slammed Trump for bringing the U.S. “to the brink of nuclear war” with North Korea and for potentially "obstructing justice” by firing former FBI Director James Comey in May as they conducted a federal probe into potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russian operatives.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Trump personally pushed back against the impeachment call from the California billionaire on Twitter on Oct. 27.
“Wacky & totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!” Trump tweeted, shortly after the ad had aired on "Fox & Friends," which the president frequently watches.
The timing of Trump's tweet, which came just prior to the ad's cancellation, did not go unchallenged by Steyer's legal team.
"It is no coincidence that the Cancellation of the Advertisement, in the second week of its run, came on the heels of a tweet from President Trump, criticizing the spot and Mr. Steyer personally," Deutsch wrote in their letter to Fox.
Steyer directly rebuked the cancellation in a statement released Friday.
"Millions of Americans have raised their voices in opposition to Donald Trump," Steyer said. "If Fox News is siding with Trump and trying to silence us, they must be afraid of what we have to say. It shows no respect for democracy."
Congressional Democratic leaders have resisted joining Steyer in calls to impeach Trump. Asked about Steyer's ad and whether Democrats would prioritize impeachment proceedings if they were to retake a majority in Congress, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Sunday said, "It's not someplace that I think we should go."
Buckland
Paula Parsons “aka” Paula C. Parsons to Parsons Investment Trust of Shelburne Falls, Paula C. Parsons and David T. Parsons, Trustees. 103 North Street. $1.00
Paula C. Parsons and David T. Parsons to Parsons Investment Trust, Paula C. Parsons and David T. Parsons, Trustees. 83A North St. $1
Conway
Patricia A. Morey-Walker of Greenfield, to Ellen MacLeish Zale. 54 Maple St. $165,000
Deerfield
Seth A. Worcester to RPF, LLC. 5 Cross St. $1
David Pietrowski and Rose M. Pietrowski, “fka” Rose M. Kennedy, to Timothy G. O'Neil and Michelle M. O'Neil. 5 Kelleher Drive. $257,000
Michael A. Davey, to Michael R. Carey and Lynn M. Carey, of Swanzey, N. H. 22B Mill Village Rd,Unit 4A Mill Village East Condominium. $185,000
Niemiec 2014 Revocable Trust, Francis E. Niemiec, Trustee, to Nicholas M. Orsini, of Hadley. 34 Thayer St. $239,900
Erving
Henry L. Deso and Anita A. Deso by US Bank NA, trustee, by Attorney, Orlans Moran PLLC, Attorney to US Bank NA, Trustee. 93 Old State Road “aka” 195 State Road. $148,000
Greenfield
Alan P. Marcus of Baltimore, Md. and Patricia P. Marcus to Patricia P. Marcus. 171 High St. $1
Brandon J. Grover and Gretchen L. Kelton of Bernardston to Robert C. Mallin. 12 Miner St. $188,000
John F. Wysocki of Southborough to Christopher B. Pike. 17 Western Ave. $165,000
Norman H. Sims to Darrell L. Slover and Delrae M. Slover. 16 Linden Ave. $186,000
Amber Gurley “aka” Amber Mansfield to Elizabeth Ann Bridgewater and Pamela Parmakian of Shelburne Falls. 53 Haywood St. $196,000
Ilene J. Sweeney of Guilford, Vt. to Joseph H.V. Nickerson. 200 Hope St. $145,900
Dennis G. Wade to Byron D. Caplice. 53-59 Congress St. $1
Byron D. Caplice to Dennis G. Wade. 53-59 Congress St. $1
Harold M. Donivan and Barbara J. Donivan to Walter A. Chudzik and Davina M. Chudzik. 8 Cherry Lane. $160,000
Donald J. Menard Estate, Linda Ricciardelli, Personal Representative, of Hingham, to Stanley Thomas Piskorski, Jr., and Kristina Lee Piskorski. 395 Adams Road. $178,000
Paul E. LaFleur, to Mark D. Holley. 41 Petty Plain Road. Unit 41, 43-41 Petty Plain Condominium. $152,000
Heath
Heath Town Selectmen to Robert L. Sessions of Colrain. Bray Road. $37,550
Montague
Karlson Properties, LLC, of Hadley, to Layne V. Floyd and Letty I. Floyd. 33-35 X St. $225,000
Mark D. Holley and Charlene A. Holley, to Ian E. Tapscott and Laura E. Heisig. 83 G St. $157,800
Christopher L. Gagnon, of Greenfield, to Van Bro, Co., LLC, of Bernardston. 76 Second St. $221,500
New Salem
Natalie Varley of Amherst to Heyes Family Forests LLC of Orange. Branch Bridge Road. $44,000
Laurie A. Bergem to Darwin Cota and Donna Cota. 6 Neilson Road. $241,000
Northfield
Phyllis J. Derigon Trust, Phyllis J. Derigon, Trustee to Laura Robinson. 48 Highland Ave. $208,500
Northfield Mount Hermon School to Trust For Public Land. Birnam Road, School Street and Warwick Road. (land also in Warwick). $2,500,000
Trust For Public Land (Boston) to Massachusetts Commonwealth, Department of Conservation and Recreation. Birnam Road, School Street and Warwick Road. (land also in Warwick). $1,200,000
Trust For Public Land to Robert J. Ross and Susan P. Ross. North Lane and Birnam Road. $13,000
Trust For Public Land to Kevin Wayne Mead Revocable Trust, Kevin Wayne Mead and Cynthia Lynn Mead, Trustees. Birnam Road. $10
Trust For Public Land to Charles E. Handren and Suzanne Handren. Pine Street. $10
Trust For Public Land to Leslie G. Bridges, Jr.. Birnam Road, Parcel, M. $10
Lauren Kaplan and Jennifer Silver of Leverett to Jacob Mayberry. 466 Four Mile Brook Road. $227,900
Orange
Jennifer L. Pierce “fka” Jennifer L. Prentiss of Barre to Ryan D. Prentiss. 76 Brookside Road. $1
Arraho Realty Trust, Edward A. Frateschi, Trustee, of Nashua, NH to Andrei Agapov of Millers Falls. Oak Drive, lot 30. $26,000
Lorraine D. Bachelder of Athol to Diana D. Wheeler of Athol. Mayo Road. $1
David C. Besnia and Deanne Bellefeuille-Besnia, of Leominster, to David C. Besnia Revocable Trust, David C. Besnia, Trustee, and Deanne Bellefeuille-Besnia Revocable Trust, Deanne Bellefeuille-Besnia, Trustee. 139 Horton Road. Less than $100
Shelburne
Elizabeth Ann Bridgewater and Pamela Parmakian to Michael Jay Tocker & Priscilla N. White-Tocker of Roslindale. 122 Bridge St. $239,000
Marie Ann Blake, to Peter Ghitman and Nancy Ghitman, of Ashley Falls, (Ma.). 20 Skinner Road. $354,534
Shutesbury
Jeffrey R. Lacy and Elizabethann M. Lacy “fka” Elizabeth A. Mikulecky, to Katherine A. Cell and Sean B. Meyer. 29 Old Orchard Road. $385,000
Peter A. Schilling and Ann L. Shea, to Stephen C. Paddock and Micki L. Paddock, of Middlebury, Vt., and Jay A. McWilliams and Rosemary C. McWilliams. 80 Montague Road. $442,750
Sunderland
Kris L. Weeks and Karyn F. Weeks by Wells Fargo Bank NA of Fort Mill, S.C. to Wells Fargo Bank NA. 146 North Silver Lane. $173,760
Dorothy A. Mogelinski to Mogelinski Irrevocable Real Estate Trust. 34 Amherst Road. $1
Gregory M. Bell and Traci Clark Bell to Melissa Flanagan of Greenfield. 104 North Silver Lane. $324,000
Lawrence E. Chunga and Carin J. Chunga, to Benjamin E. Pattison and Christabel L. Pattison, of Hadley. 531 Hadley Road. $345,000
Warwick
Northfield Mount Hermon School to Trust For Public Land. Warwick Road. (land also in Northfield). $2,500,000
Trust For Public Land to Massachusetts Comm. Dept. Conservation & Recreation. Warwick Road. (land also in Northfield). $1,200,000
Whately
Joan Marie DeLano of Halifax, (Ma) to City of Northampton. Haydenville Road, Pcl B. $90,000
Roberta June Martiniano “aka” Roberta June Martineano of Centennial, CO to City of Northampton. Haydenville Road, pcl C. $90,000
David G. Reed of Hatfield to 3 Egypt Road Nominee Trust, David G. Reed & Dolores A. Reed, Trustees. Egypt Road/Routes 5 & 10. $1
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2015 January 28
Explanation: Which of these night sky icons can you find in this beautiful and deep exposure of the northern winter sky? Skylights include the stars in Orion's belt, the Orion Nebula, the Pleiades star cluster, the bright stars Betelgeuse and Rigel, the California Nebula, Barnard's Loop, and Comet Lovejoy. The belt stars of Orion are nearly vertical in the central line between the horizon and the image center, with the lowest belt star obscured by the red glowing Flame Nebula. To the belt's left is the red arc of Barnard's Loop followed by the bright orange star Betelgeuse, while to the belt's right is the colorful Orion Nebula followed by the bright blue star Rigel. The blue cluster of bright stars near the top center is the Pleiades, and the red nebula to its left is the California nebula. The bright orange dot above the image center is the star Aldebaran, while the green object with the long tail to its right is Comet C/2014 Q2 (Lovejoy). The featured image was taken about two weeks ago near Palau village in Spain.
Predicting the ‘Star Wars Sequel Trilogy': What We Will Most Likely See In ‘Episode VII'
I remember in 1994 when George Lucas announced they were making the Star Wars Prequel Trilogy. The announcement opened a door to over a decade in which I was able to channel my obsession with Star Wars into hunting down any and all tidbits of filming news. It was a fascinating and exciting period, and one of the things I learned from that time was an ability and skill to filter the facts from the rumors from the horseshit.
Star Wars was somewhat breaking new ground on the internet during that time, and it was the fans that were leading the charge. Sure there were many basement-dwelling neckbeards who became elitist trolls, but on the positive tread of the tire, it was the Star Wars fans who popularized the meme phrase "spoilers" in that early internet phase – and while there are cited examples of the phrase being used pre-internet, it truly was the Star Wars addicts that pushed it from web meme to culturally recognizable phrase.
Consequently here we are in a new exciting era in which we get to follow news and rumors and speculations on what we could possibly expect from Star Wars: Episode VII and the other chapters of the Sequel Trilogy. Having said that, we are in a completely new era now, with a lot of newer and younger fans out there, so I thought I would ramble on a bit about what we can expect, and the likelihood of certain elements arising.
Permit me to preface the list below by saying that I've held off from doing this article for some time. I wanted to wait until we at least had a confirmed director. And now we have, in the form of J.J. Abrams. But this also emphasizes an important aspect of Star Wars fan lore when it comes to new movies: EVERYTHING is rumor or speculation until confirmed by the official Star Wars site. This is almost biblical canon or Force Holocron or Kama Sutra or something to the hardcore SW nuts like me, and I can almost see the Prequel era speculators nodding their heads at this.
So here we go. Bear in mind, these are early days, and there are some only basic fundamentals we can ascertain right now. But at this point, in 2013, what can we possibly expect from Star Wars: Episode VII?
The Reboot Factor
This is the first factor we need to get out of the way. In all likelihood, the format and feel of Star Wars will not change. The opening crawl will most likely remain there, and the credits won't appear until the end. UNLESS, Disney and Abrams determine to shake up the format a little – and establish a new feel for the second set of 6 movies (presuming they make another trilogy after this one). With Hollywood's focus on reboots, it's conceivably a possibility that we might go this means.
The storyline won't be rebooted per se, but the format might be updated. My inner Star Wars nerd cringes at this, but we must be realistic: the franchise is now out of George Lucas' hands and may go a completely different route. It may not happen, but don't be surprised if it does. However, supposing that the format and feel remain as they have across the previous six movies, then the following items below (aside from the obvious "Jedi Knights with lightsabers in space" of course) are what we probably can anticipate.
Of Timelines and Continuity
One of the immense elements of Star Wars is the Expanded Universe. It has established a continuity outside of the movies that is almost as important to some fans as the films themselves. And while it's entirely possible that Disney could choose to ignore the EU, this wouldn't be in their best interest. Lucasfilm has prided itself over the last fifteen years or so at trying to maintain one timeline of continuity over all forms of media. It is not perfect, and there have been fuck-ups and retcons over the years, but for the most part, it all fits into place.
I cannot see Lucasfilm going back on this procedure, so with that being said, the obvious question that fans have is WHEN will the next movie be set? The LAST Star Wars novel to be set in the post-Return of the Jedi era to include Luke, Leia, and Han, will be Crucible – set to be published in July 2013.
The book is set 45 years after the Battle of Yavin. It would stand to reason that Episode VII will be set AFTER this period, with the main characters from the Original Trilogy at comparable ages as their actors (almost, or at the very least, believable!). If Abrams and Disney go this route, then it would open the opportunity to take in popular EU characters, such as Ben Skywalker and Jaina Solo – and for them to interact with brand-new characters as well.
The Rhyming Lines
George Lucas once associated the Star Wars saga to an extended poem, and that some repeated or echoing elements are like the rhyming lines of a stanza or poem or quatrain. I'm certain the filmmakers are being made aware of this, and with Lucas on the bus as a creative consultant only, I'm sure they have already hammered them to death with the concept like a kid in the back seat asking, "Are we there yet?" There are certain elements that were repeated or paralleled between the Original and Prequel Trilogy, so it stands to reason that the tradition will continue in the Sequel Trilogy.
Kenobi's death in Episode IV reflects that of Qui-Gon's in Episode I – so we can be expecting our "wise master Jedi" role (Luke Skywalker is the most likely candidate for this role) to fall into the Force from the blade of a lightsaber in either Episode VII or Episode VIII. Yes, Luke will die – I'm calling that right now.
There are other examples – notably in the form of lines ("Join me, and…" stated by both Dooku and Vader), or in what occurs to characters (C-3PO is torn to bits or disassembled in the second chapter of each trilogy).
Perhaps the most recognizable is in the titling of the films. First chapter of trilogy is adjective then noun describing the overall tone (Phantom Menace vs. New Hope), Second indicating the dominant force making its military advance (Clones Attack vs. Empire Strikes), and the last leg being a description of the resurging force (Sith Revenge vs. Jedi Return).
You can bet your bottom dollar these reflections will continue with the new trilogy – a title such as The Approaching Supremacy or A New Generation (not that they will be those exactly, but the fit the formula) might be possible for Episode VII. These elements will most likely crop up again – so expect them.
Return of the Jedi Skywalker and Pals?
As soon as news was revealed that the Sequel Trilogy was on its way, fans underwent the largest nerdgasm ever experienced that the ejaculatory resonance sent a disturbance through the Force. After blacking out and then regaining consciousness, many of these fans immediately presumed that Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, and Carrie Fisher would be returning. And they might – but I can guarantee you that the only one with a leading role will be Hamill. Each trilogy is intended to focus on one generation in the Star Wars universe, so Luke Skywalker will be "passing on what they have learned" to the next generation of Jedi – most likely Ben Skywalker and other young Jedi, but there could be brand-new characters out there also.
Ford might make a cameo as Han Solo, although I can't see them playing a huge role without Peter Mayhew (Chewbacca died in the Expanded Universe). Carrie Fisher seems a likely candidate to make a few appearances here and there, either as a Jedi or political dignitary, but Hamill's appearances will dwarf hers.
One thing is for sure though, and Lucas has said as many decades ago, the droids WILL roll up – being the only characters capable of surviving multiple generations – so expect Anthony Daniels and (maybe) Kenny Baker. Don't expect Jar Jar though.
The Hero's Journey
Each trilogy follows the mythical premise of the Hero's Journey; a plot standard from legends, myths, fairy tales that has been used in countless films over the years – but most notably Star Wars. In the Original Trilogy, we follow Luke's journey to become a hero – a journey filled with many ordeals and moral wrestling, scarred through trials and battles, to emerge a completely different person at the end point.
The same can be said for the Prequels, with the exception of it being more of the reverse: a villain's journey if you will – how Anakin fell from grace and came to be Darth Vader, yet going through similar trials and battles as Luke.
The Journey will be a major facet of the Sequel Trilogy as well, but the point at issue remains open as to HOW it will play out. Will it be another Hero's Journey, or a tragic fall from grace… or something else entirely? Whatever the case, the trilogy will most likely be some form of adaptation of the archetypal Hero's Journey.
Resurrection of the Sith
Where there is Star Wars, there are Jedi; and where there are Jedi Knights, there has to be Sith. Though in the Expanded Universe we've had countless Jedi who have become dark, only a select few are Sith Lords within the in-universe history of the galaxy – and in every Star Wars movie we've had, there have been always two Sith Lords present.
It stands to infer that the Sith will be present in the new trilogy – or perhaps a variation or mutation thereof – because the dichotomy between these two factions is akin to Batman and the Joker, or Sherlock Holmes and Moriarty, or the Doctor and the Master, or Tom and Jerry. You get the gist. There has to be a form of Sith that is "the new threat" in a Star Wars movie – but with Abrams at the helm without Lucas, it also opens up some visual possibilities.
I recall fans being amazed at many of the trailers for Star Wars: The Old Republic, with the throng of Sith Lords attacking the Jedi Temple. Something like that could be a realistic possibility now. We shall see… but the Sith (or a variant/descendant of them) will be there.
Reflecting Society and Politics
The 6 movies we've already seen were originally drafted in the early to mid-Seventies, so there are countless elements in there that reflected society and politics at the time. The fear of superweapons (nuclear arms race) were definitely in the Original Trilogy, and the poignant questioning of "whether we're on the right side" or "are we doing the right thing" about the Vietnam War reverberates in elements of the Prequel Trilogy, especially Episode III.
So, with a new trilogy being written in this contemporary age, what reflections can we expect? In this modern era, we're experiencing a lot of loss of civil rights based upon the "fear of terrorism" and the justification for these controls being put in place as a need for security. This is happening all over Western homelands, not just in the United States.
I would say this would play a part in at least the first movie, and maybe the second – except set in the galaxy far, far away. It would set the stage for a war across the three movies that will be (like the Galactic Civil War and the Clone Wars) the backdrop for the story of the characters.
There'll be some politics in there, with some allusions to historical political aspects, though with the criticism of "too much politics" in the Prequels, I would imagine that these elements will be minimal but integral.
And what about the music?
One uncertainty I recently pondered on the Blendover podcast was who would be the musical composer for the new trilogy. The obvious answer will be John Williams – but there are another couple of factors here that need to be mulled over into consideration. Not to sound ageist or morbid, but Williams IS getting up there in age, and when they do pass on, I will grieve severely like most of their fans – but facing life realistically, and coldly you could say, they might not have many years left in him. It's an unfortunate truth.
Additionally, Abrams has rarely done a film without composer Michael Giacchino. Episode VII would be an ideal opportunity for Williams and Giacchino to collaborate – and in a move that mirrors that of the story, passing on what they have learned, by furnishing the torch over to Giacchino. My inner Star Wars nerd is again cringing in fear, but to be realistic, Giacchino certainly has the chops to do a successful Star Wars soundtrack, and they do also employ the leit motif thematic methodology that Williams always used for Star Wars as well.
Realistically, I think it will be one or the other; but don't be surprised in Giacchino gets the job instead of Williams. Whichever way, my prediction is that it will be either of these two – with Giacchino at the very least stepping into Williams' role should they pass away while the trilogy is in production.
Be Prepared for the Hated and the Haters
Not everyone will like the Sequel Trilogy. In fact, a lot of people will hate it. Every new move by Lucas in the Star Wars universe has been vocally reviled by a number of fans, while I think the happier fans are more of a silent majority. Original fans found Yoda insufferable, and couldn't understand why George added "Episode V" to the title of the first sequel. The Ewoks are still hated. Don't get me started on the Prequel haters – and there are even many fans that can't stand The Clone Wars show.
There will be haters, and they will hate elements of the new movies. Be prepared for that. You may even be one of them. And that's okay… but no matter how things turn out, just remember how awesome this journey will be as we learn about how Episode VII, Episode VIII, and Episode IX shape into actuality.
So… let the predictions and conjecture begin! I'm interested in hearing from you. Comment below on what you would like to see in the Sequels vs. what we will realistically see happen.
Thanks for reading, and may the Force be with you!
[Header Image Source: themadbutcher @ DeviantArt]
Off and on for four years, Andrew Hoskins had lived in the kind of urban oasis that proved ideal as a makeshift homeless camp.
The 54-year-old from Chicago had their tents set up at what state officials call the “Magellan outlook area,” a concrete-walled space tucked away a few steps below Magellan Street near Dole Park.
The space, perched about 20 yards above the H-1 freeway, was mostly hidden from public view close to Dole Park's bathroom, which they said they took upon themselves to clean every day.
But Hoskins knew their time was up on Tuesday when the state's contractor, Honolulu-based H.T.M. Contractors, was planning a sweep there — part of a new campaign to clear homeless encampments that have sprung up along H-1 and the Nimitz Highway.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Scott Morishige, the governor's coordinator on homelessness, said the state has earmarked about $4 million to conduct the enforcement on an ongoing basis instead of having the Hawaii Department of Transportation continue its semi-annual sweeps of state land it oversees.
The idea, Morishige says, is to establish a “repeated presence” to deter people from taking up residence on public space.
“To be effective, we have to not only just address these areas once, but also to go back and routinely address these areas,” Morishige said.
The immediate focus will be on “key priority areas” that pose an “immediate health and safety concern” — the areas along H-1 from Middle Street to Kahala Mall, as well as those in the middle of heavy-traffic corridors along Nimitz Highway from the Pearl Harbor interchange to River Street.
“A lot of these areas are really precarious,” Morishige said. “If somebody or something were to fall onto the freeway, there are serious public safety concerns.”
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
By Tuesday, Hoskins had received ample warnings about the state's campaign: A “keep away” sign had been installed there last week, and outreach workers, accompanied by sheriff's deputies, came by to inform them about the upcoming sweeps.
So just before 7 a.m. Hoskins skipped going to their part-time cleaning job — which pays them $190 every two weeks — and began packing up their belongings and joined their friends across Magellan.
There, on the edge of the city-owned Dole Park, Hoskins' property was safe from the state's sweeps — at least for now.
But it's unlikely that Hoskins will get to return to their makeshift home, given that the state will be having H.T.M. Contractors — which ended up sweeping elsewhere along H-1 on Tuesday — erect permanent fences along Magellan in coming days.
Following The City's Property Protocol
Morishige says the state has established protocols to make sure that the rights of people like Hoskins are protected — a lesson learned from what Honolulu went through in a protracted lawsuit that resulted in a court-sanctioned settlement that prevents the city from immediately disposing of any personal items during the sweeps.
Morishige says the state's protocols are built around the Hawaii Revised Statute's Chapter 171-31.5, which mandates the storage of abandoned items for 30 days.
H.T.M. Contractors is also directed to allow about 45 minutes before conducting the sweeps.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
“We try to provide a period of time that we believe is sufficient to bring down the items,” Morishige said.
Morishige says they also make sure that there are enough shelter beds available for people who are affected by the sweeps.
“We know that we're dealing with a population that's very vulnerable, and our goal isn't to displace them from one area to another,” said Morishige, who estimates that 500 to 550 beds are available on any given day. “So, when we go out, we always want to make sure that we offer services that can connect someone to housing.”
At Dole Park, however, Hoskins was adamant that they aren't going to a shelter.
“I feel rather safer here than at a shelter,” said Hoskins, who was still trying to figure out their next move. “Bed bugs. People stealing your stuff. I don't have to worry about all that out here.”
Morishige remains hopeful that the state's campaign will provide the opportunity for ongoing outreach.
“Even if someone doesn't agree to go into a shelter right away, we can, at the minimum, connect them to an outreach worker, so that we're able to continue to follow up,” Morishige said.
Sweeps And Shelters
The question of whether sweeps encourage homeless people to avail shelter services was also raised at a Tuesday meeting of the City Council's Public Health Committee.
Councilman Ernie Martin asked representatives of various service organizations if the sweeps to enforce the city's sit-lie bans increased the shelter populations.
The responses varied.
Connie Mitchell of the Institute for Human Services, the state's largest homeless shelter, said sweeps work as a “referral system” in which police refer homeless people to services. They said some people grow tired of being forced to move, and so opt for shelters.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Representatives from Waikiki Health and U.S. VETS in Waianae, agreed that most people who end up in their shelters have experienced multiple sweeps.
“When there is compassionate disruption sweeps to enforce the sie-lie there are a small handful of people who end up coming to our shelter, not a significant amount,” said Jason Espero of Waikiki Health. “They end up just hopping to another neighborhood.”
Martin, who represents the North Shore, said sweeps in urban Honolulu push homeless people into rural areas, including the North Shore and Waimanalo. This migration pattern became apparent after the city enforced its first sit-lie ban in Waikiki in 2014, they said.
“They're starting to migrate out of urban Honolulu and coming into our rural communities,” they said.
Councilwoman Kymberly Pine, who represents the Leeward Coast, said constituents in their district report influxes of homeless people in their neighborhood since the sweeps began in urban Honolulu.
The change has caused conflicts between homeowners, homeless people who have lived in their district and people who end up moving west after sweeps.
“I know that we didn't have this kind of anger toward the homeless like we're starting to get now,” they said. “I think that because homeless are being swept so much that they're getting angrier too.”
Even though they prove their mettle against Captain America, Ant-Man, Falcon, and Winter Soldier in Civil War (2016), Tony Stark doesn't want their ace-in-the-hole teenage superhero to grow up too fast, so they tell Peter Parker -- at the beginning of Spider-Man: Homecoming -- they can't become an official member of the Avengers until they graduates from college. Drats! And when the Vulture and their crew begin wreaking havoc with their dangerous and advanced weaponry, Stark tells Pete to sit this one out, let the big boys handle it. Of course, Pete is never one to shy away from being a hero, and their involvement in the ferry scene causes Stark to punish him, taking away their sweet Civil War suit (no backsies!).
All of those Tony Stark/Iron Man scenes, including the moneyshot of Iron Man soaring through New York with Spidey slinging webs alongside him, were in the trailers. That begs the question: How many scenes does Robert Downey Jr. have in the film? According to co-producer Eric Carroll, in total, Downey “might be in like five or six [scenes].”
And what is Stark's relationship with Peter like? “I think we're seeing the beginning of a sort of father-son relationship," Holland explained to SR. "Obviously Tony hasn't got any kids, and Peter at this point hasn't got any male figures in their life, so I think there's a really lovely dynamic that Robert and I are forming. And, no, let me take that back. I think Robert is more like a big brother than they are a father figure because they pick on them and they are down on them quite a lot. But then there is that level of them caring about them like their own, and Robert has really brought something lovely to the character. It's a very different side of Stark than you've ever seen before.” A young Peter Parker/Spider-Man (Tom Holland), who made their sensational debut in Captain America: Civil War, begins to navigate their newfound identity as the web-slinging superhero in Spider-Man: Homecoming. Thrilled by their experience with the Avengers, Peter returns home, where they live with their Aunt May (Marisa Tomei), under the watchful eye of their new mentor Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.). Peter tries to fall back into their normal daily routine – distracted by thoughts of proving themselves to be more than just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man – but when the Vulture (Michael Keaton) emerges as a new villain, everything that Peter holds most important will be threatened.
You might remember last year how people who thought they were acting in the interests of the Burzynski Clinic issued quasi-legal threats to bloggers who took issue with their unproven “antineoplaston” treatments. I am specifically thinking of Marc Stephens, who contacted Andy Lewis, Peter Bowditch, and Rhys Morgan. As I understand it, Burzynski had hired Stephens to do web-optimization work, cleaning up B's reputation (no small feat considering who was signing the checks!). Stephens apparently interpreted this as a green light to send a high school student a picture of their house, the unmistakable threat: “We know where you live.” This was when I first wrote about Burzynski, I believe.
Another Burzynski supporter (one at the same IP address as the Burzynski Patient Group) put up a website–albeit very briefly–which painted prominent skeptics…and somehow me… as pedophiles. (That's my name in between those of two of my heroes, Simon Singh and Stephen Fry! Squee! Best. Defamation. Ever.) When it was discovered, the site was instantly taken down, but The 21st Floor has the goods.
Well, people who seem to somehow think that they represent Burzynski are at it again; this time it is their propagandist Eric Merola (@BurzynskiMovie), the guy behind the straight-to-Internet stinker Burzynski.  They are currently putting together a sequel (working title: Burzynski II: This Time It's Peer-Reviewed).
Not long ago, I received a call from one of the lawyers at my university. When I went over to see her, they handed me a letter that had been sent to the office of my university's Chancellor. Honestly, from their description on the phone of how strange it was, I thought it was going to be something from Mabus, who had contacted my coworkers in the past. I was surprised to read that it was from the guy making the Burzynski movies. And now I share it with you:
How about that?
Let's clarify a few things here, Eric. My “extracurricular” interest in Burzynski has nothing to do with my research and everything to do with my interest in science. My letters, articles, and blog posts that discuss Burzynski do not appear on my CV. The things I do in my spare time are no business of my employer and they respect that.
Your legal disclaimer is a joke; you are as competent a lawyer as you are a filmmaker.
The “present” we are going to give Burzynski on their birthday is a challenge to the Clinic to match the funds raised by skeptics for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The “something positive” you fear is what I have publicly called “Operation Cuddly Puppy,” a campaign designed to put reliable information about clinical trials and cancer treatments into the hands of cancer patients. I can see why a Burzynski supporter would be afraid of that.
Regarding theOTHERburzynskipatientgroup.wordpress.com, I will be delighted for you to discuss my (and others') work there in your movie. What we offer there is an honest look at the patients who have not made it, patients whose stories are just as important as the ones you believe Burzynski gave a happy ending. I'm not prying either; the patients and their families have already shared this information with the world. Also, it has about 30 total views (well, until today!). What you seem to be opposed to is open inquiry into what goes on at the clinic.
I've yet to hear from the family of the patient you singled out in your email. I would, of course, give them my standard answer for patients of Burzynski: “I'm very, very sorry for your loss, and I don't take down content. Your stories are too important.” All of which is true. In about a month, three of us working in our spare time have been able to accumulate as many (more, actually) examples of failed treatment as there are “successes” at the Burzynski Patient Group site, which actually opens up patient records to promote Burzynski. (Though I don't hear you howling about the ethics of that!)
In a way, I guess I'm not surprised that you went to my employer. I have gotten threats from other wackdoodles before who were going to “expose me to my employer.” This is more of the same.
Eric, the interpretation of my actions that you put forward in your laughable letter are so far from the mark that I should warn you against replicating them in your movie–and now you have been notified of that. Furthermore, should you make any attempt to link my family or my employer to my online science advocacy, I will not hesitate to hire an actual lawyer and pursue you until you cry. The fact that you actively tried to hide it from me, to spread half-truths about me to my employer behind my back, is stunning evidence of your malicious motives. It's like the type of thing trial lawyers dream of.
If you are appalled by this behavior, I encourage skeptics to contribute to the St. Jude fundraiser. We will be donating everything raised to the hospital in Burzynski's name and then challenge the Clinic to match those funds. If they don't participate, we will still be able to say it's probably the best thing ever done for cancer research in their name!
RJB
Share this: Share
Email
Twitter
Reddit
Print
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
In the aftermath of the Pirates losing 6-1 in Game 5 of the National League Division Series to the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night, you will see an excessive amount of those “What a ride” and “Thanks for the memories” columns in this city.
Fair.
Reasonable.
All good stuff.
Also, not my style.
I'm more of a letter writer.
That said, here goes …
+++++++
10 October 2013
Pittsburgh Pirates
115 Federal Street
Pittsburgh, Pa. 15212
Dear Pirates,
Thanks.
Thanks for making baseball relevant in this wonderful city again; thanks for making that hope finally spring this time as we pushed through the summer and into a glorious October.
Thanks for all of it — every single bit of what you gave this city from that first pitch on April 1 to that last out in Game 5 of the NLDS in St. Louis.
Perhaps, in a time more distant from that final loss, we will be able to reflect on just how vital what you did over 168 games has done for all of us Pittsburghers.
See, there have been times since 1992 when I never thought this could happen again, times since 1992 when I mostly doubted it would in my lifetime.
But it did.
Bars switched off preseason Steelers games and actually put on your games — with audio and all.
People clamored to the North Shore hours early to not just tailgate, but be part of a community that rallied around this band of perpetual losers that broke down not only the losing, but burst into the playoffs.
Through all of this, a management team that many — myself included — doubted the hell out of over the past half-decade stayed firm, professional and resolute as they watched their plan take action. Not once did that management team fling it in the face of anyone, when they could have offered an enormous “I told you so” to those who wanted nothing more than to see them gone.
They saw through the losing, knowing — or perhaps hoping — these days would come.
So, too did manager Clint Hurdle.
Thanks for hiring that guy. What a guy, huh? What is a character?
When Hurdle barged into Pittsburgh in November of 2010, they were almost-certainly going to be just the next guy who ended up getting fired after losing until, well, the next guy who couldn't win came along.
Not so.
What they have done is well-documented, leading this club both in the dugout and in that clubhouse with their perfect merger of blunt, hard truth and warm openness.
Thanks again for hiring him. While not born here, Hurdle has become one of us; he's become just about as Pittsburgh as it gets.
Oh, and the players — can't forget the players.
Thanks for showcasing one of the true showcases in baseball, Andrew McCutchen. The way they play, coupled with their generosity off the field and downright marketability, has propelled countless Pittsburgh kids back into knowing it is cool to root for the Pirates.
Thanks for letting Cutch be Cutch.
Thanks for letting Cutch be the face of all of this.
Thanks also for what we got to see this 2013 season from guys such as Russell Martin, Francisco Liriano and — at the tail end — Marlon Byrd; all veterans folded neatly into a club and understanding their roles to make it better.
Thanks to A.J. Burnett, no matter where it goes from here. They were the foundation to this new attitude; they changed a culture with your franchise and, quite frankly, these great moments might never have happened without him. Burnett put their damn foot down and their footprint will be lasting.
Thanks for letting us see a bounce-back from Charlie Morton, continued growth from our favorite hometown guy, Neil Walker, and a cultivation of bullpen arms such as Justin Wilson and Tony Watson.
Oh, yes, and speaking of that bullpen, thanks for creating an atmosphere in the eighth and ninth with Mark Melancon and Jason Grilli that didn't just prove to get a lot of hitters out, but also made a stadium explode on a few nights. Awesome stuff.
Thanks for the snapshot in my mind that won't soon leave me, of a father and young son sitting near me in the stands and watching Starling Marte steal second base. The father went over the nuances of Marte's jump, how the speedster read the pitcher and broke to second like a jaguar.
It was a moment that was so 2013 for these Pirates, whereas in the past teaching tools in the stands were often only relayed after a flub or botched play, this one was an example of what one of your players did oh-so correctly.
What a difference, huh?
And, how can any of us forget — thanks for Pedro Alvarez and Gerrit Cole, who make up the foundation on offense and on the mound, respectively.
Thanks for allowing us to witness some of Alvarez's 36 home runs that sound unlike any other player making contact when that ball hits bat, and thanks for allowing us to see Cole jump right onto that Major League mound and be frightened by precisely no one.
Thanks for introducing those two burgeoning stars not just to us, but to all baseball.
Sure, Pirates organization, thanks for the bobbleheads and the fireworks nights (all 37 of them) and the fleece blankets and the concerts and the t-shirts and the lunchboxes and the umbrellas and the caps. They will all come in handy.
But, most of all, during this 2013 season that just came to a close, thanks for the baseball.
It was different. It was winning baseball. It felt damn good.
Let's do it again next year.
Sincerely yours,
Colin Dunlap
Colin Dunlap is a featured columnist at CBSPittsburgh.com. They can also be heard weeknights from 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. on Sports Radio 93-7 “The Fan.” You can e-mail them at colin.dunlap@cbsradio.com. Check out their bio here.
Sylvan Beach, NY – Four people who left a Sylvan Beach restaurant without paying their bills turned to the police for help when they locked themselves out of their car, New York State Police said Tuesday.
Now they face theft of services charges.
On May 7, Stephanie Rewkowski, 17, of DeWitt Street., Syracuse walked into the Sylvan Beach state police station. They told troopers that they had locked their keys in the car and asked for their help. They said AAA would take too long to respond. Troopers gave them the number of a local garage.
Rewkowski then left the station.
Minutes later, Oneida County 911 dispatched the troopers to Cinderella's Restaurant on Main Street in Sylvan Beach where an employee saw two men and two women leave the restaurant without paying for their meals.
The employee followed the people to their car, and told the 911 dispatcher that they had locked themselves out of the vehicle.
When troopers arrived, they said they found Rewkowski standing by their car along with, Joseph Zippi,18, of Glencove Road South, Samuel Mekete, 20, of DeWitt Street, and Sierra Washington, 17, of Maplehurst Avenue. They are all from Syracuse.
The employee identified the four as being the same people who had left the restaurant without paying.
The four gave conflicting reasons for why they left without paying, and all were charged with theft of services, troopers said. They were given appearance tickets and told to return to the Village of Sylvan Beach court on June 7.
A beloved figure and one of the most prolific Portland Trail Blazers, Jerome Kersey, has passed away at age 52. Cause of death has not been confirmed. A long-time resident of Portland after their 17-year NBA career, Kersey was employed by the Trail Blazers as Director of Alumni Relations as part of the team's Social Responsibility Department.
“Today we lost an incredible person and one of the most beloved players to ever wear a Trail Blazers uniform,” said Trail Blazers Owner Paul Allen. “My thoughts and condolences are with the Kersey family. They will be missed by all of us. It's a terrible loss.”
“We're shocked to lose such a great member of our Trail Blazers family,” said Trail Blazers President and CEO Chris McGowan. “The news is so sudden, and we're sure more details will be forthcoming. But it is indeed a sad day for our organization, the city of Portland and the NBA. Jerome will be remembered not only for their incredible contributions on the court, but their tremendous impact in our community.”
“Jerome was an incredible influence on our players as a model for life after basketball,” said Trail Blazers President of Basketball Operations Neil Olshey. “He set the bar extremely high with their long-lasting influence in this community.”
Kersey was part of the great early 90s Portland nucleus that led the Trail Blazers to the NBA Finals in 1990 and 1992. They rank fifth on the team's all-time scoring list (10,067) and third in rebounds (5,078) after an 11-year tenure in Portland from 1984-95. They continued their career with Golden State, L.A. Lakers, Seattle, San Antonio and Milwaukee, and they won an NBA Championship with the Spurs in 1999.
Information about a celebration of life for Kersey and other arrangements is still forthcoming from the Kersey family and the Trail Blazers.
A former principal at a Lynwood high school who allegedly had a history of inappropriate behavior with young girls was sentenced Friday to eight years in prison for sexually molesting four students.
Jonas Vital Silverio, 41, who served as Firebaugh High principal until 2009, sat in a Compton courtroom as victims and their mothers tearfully recounted the trauma endured at the hands of a man they initially trusted as an educator and confidante.
Silverio pleaded no contest in June to 10 counts of lewd acts on a child of 14 or 15.
“This man has stained my childhood forever … because of him, I do not trust anybody,” one victim said.
They recalled how Silverio encouraged them as a high school first-year student to quit soccer and join the volleyball team, which they coached, by telling their mother it would look more impressive on college applications. They would often inappropriately touch her, they said, once pinning them down on the floor of their office to try and kiss them
While the nine members of the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) hold enormous sway over the direction of American jurisprudence and over everyday life, striking new evidence suggests that most Americans are clueless about who sits on the Supreme Court bench.
A just-released C-SPAN survey found that while Americans agree about the Court's importance, most know little about it themselves: 90% of likely voters believe that the Supreme Court's decisions have impact on their daily lives, but 57% of likely voters overall and 73% of likely voters under age 35 can't name a single Justice.
ADVERTISEMENT
What a sad example of precisely what is wrong in the body politic. Even as the public affirms the importance of civics, far too many Americans are consistently unable to name important facts or explain fundamental processes of our nation's history and system of government.
While troubling, these answers are also hardly surprising when nearly 10% of college graduates named Judith Sheindlin—better known as TV's Judge Judy—as a member of the Supreme Court, according to a 2015 American Council of Trustees and Alumni (ACTA) survey.
And, as the C-SPAN survey found, even as Judge Neil Gorsuch's confirmation hearings get underway, 72% of likely voters are unable to identify them as President Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's Supreme Court nominee—including 36% of the “SCOTUS informed,” using C-SPAN's definition.
To be considered “SCOTUS informed” by C-SPAN, a respondent need only be able to identify one Supreme Court Justice and acknowledge following Supreme Court-related news either “very often” or “somewhat often.” The ability to name a solitary Supreme Court Justice and to sometimes follow Court-related news is a far cry from the level of civic engagement needed today. Even America's premier public affairs television network, it seems, does not expect much of their citizens.
This low bar inadvertently exposes the regrettable truth: Just as civic engagement has declined, so too have standards for civic literacy.
Shamefully colleges and universities, including ones that draw down state funding are long on rhetoric about preparing citizens and leaders but seem content to shirk their civic responsibility. ACTA's 2016–17 study of core curricula found that just 18% of colleges and universities require their students to take a course in U.S. history or government. Many schools' curricular requirements are startlingly porous, allowing courses of remarkable parochialism to pass muster. Courses such as “America Through Baseball” or “Introduction to Video Game Culture” may be entertaining, but they can never substitute for the rigorous, intellectually-serious, and broad-based study of American history, institutions, and ideas.
Some progress is being made at the high school level, as more than a dozen states have established graduation requirements that include assessment of civic literacy, but higher education bears unique responsibility for ensuring that newly-minted citizens have the factual grounding and critical thinking skills they need as they come of age. Colleges and universities ignore this responsibility at their peril and to the detriment of us all.
Now more than ever, the imperative for change is clear. Colleges and universities need to walk the walk and require coursework on American institutions and their development. Alumni and donors can use their influence to support programs that promote civic knowledge, such as the Alexander Hamilton Institute or Ashland University's Ashbrook Center. Boards of trustees must exercise their fiduciary duties to ensure that all undergraduates fulfill requirements for the study of a topic so essential for the future of a free society.
Not to do so is to be complicit in the civic disempowerment of those who should be most ready for informed citizenship. It is civic knowledge—from the founding of the republic to the function of our highest government institutions— that empowers citizens and safeguards the republic in which we live.
Michael Poliakoff is the president of the American Council of Trustees and Alumni. They previously served as vice president for academic affairs and research at the University of Colorado and in senior roles at the National Endowment for the Humanities, the National Council on Teacher Quality, the American Academy for Liberal Education, and the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
The views of contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
Sponsored tweets. The words alone read like nails on a chalkboard. If you follow some of Twitter's best parody and humor accounts, no doubt you've seen a post that's tagged with #spon or #ad. There's also a solid chance that as soon as you saw that sponsored tweet, you clicked “unfollow.”
“Teen Twitter”—Accounts like @Girlposts and @teenagersfact, all ushering in sentiments like “If you have my heart, please don't abuse it”—is a lucrative industry that grinds the emotions and humor of high schoolers into advertising revenue. Who really profits from it? Clickbait sites and ad-filled BuzzFeed knockoffs like ChaCha and MyLikes.
I used to hate those corporate shills who sacrificed integrity for quick cash. And then I became one of them.
Still dizzy from the #2014Corolla launch party. @toyota debuts wheels with a bang. #ad — Adam Carolla (@adamcarolla) June 7, 2013
Kevin Caudle is a 21-year-old college student and the owner of @The_HelenKeller, a two-year-old, 550,000-follower-strong Twitter feed of—you guessed it—Helen Keller jokes. Originally, they never intended to make any money off of the account, but they began to notice that popular Twitter accounts with creative viral content, like White Girl Problems and Shit My Dad Says, were getting picked up for book deals and television shows.
Knowing that in-poor-taste gags about a deaf and blind (and dead) woman were not going to carry them into the literary or entertainment world, they started researching ways in which they could make a few extra bucks. “College tuition was not going to pay itself,” they told me.
“I spend so much time coming up with the jokes,” they explained, “I figured followers wouldn't mind clicking an ad here or there, but I was afraid of people would see me as a sellout, or they'd unfollow the account when they saw I was doing sponsored tweets.”
Caudle put out their first sponsored tweet in early 2012, when @The_HelenKeller had around 25,000 followers. After a full 24 hours of leaving the link up on their timeline, the tweet brought in an impressive $68. It also cost them nearly 50 followers.
They did the math: Just one sponsored tweet a day for a month could bring in about $1,800. “I realized that if I could keep growing the account with new content while tweeting out one link a day,” they said, “I could be making some serious money.”
My cuz is 19 and they say they have these at college partiez!!!! so chill. http://t.co/fL7VxGCPSV — your away message (@YourAwayMessage) June 9, 2013
In 2012, I started @YourAwayMessage, a Twitter account devoted to nostalgic teenage throwbacks for Millennials. I didn't think it would become a viral feed that would sustain itself for nearly a year. I just wanted to make my friends laugh. I figured it would be over after a few weeks' worth of jokes.
When I woke up the next morning, I had 22,000 followers. In under a week, it reached 100,000 followers; on day nine, it was printed in New York magazine's Approval Matrix. Then these questions began to fill my inbox: “Will you be writing a book?” “How about a television show?” Advertisers drooled over the opportunity to target so many young people, and the opportunities to make money from @YourAwayMessage were virtually endless.
But book deals and television shows take a while. And as YAM began to take up more of my life, I couldn't justify the time I was spending coming up with three to four strong posts per day.
That's when Kevin Caudle reached out to me.
Caudle had been running paid ChaCha ads on their account for more than a year. They asked if I wanted a piece of the pie.
ChaCha.com provides low-grade listicles smothered in banner ads. It provides customized links that high-profile Twitter accounts can promote and profit from on a pay-per-click basis. The value of each ad is tiny—around one or two cents per click—so the more followers you have, the more lucrative this promo becomes.
Caudle mentioned they would get a referral payout for recommending me, and we exchanged many emails before I made my decision. They addressed my main concern: Followers appreciate a clean feed, free of corporate corruption, and they'd revolt if they felt I was selling out.
“In my experience,” they said, “most followers don't mind clicking an ad here or there, if you're still providing good content.” They said that even the fans who called them a sellout kept following. “They wanted to make their opinions known. I get that.”
Amber Gordon, who manages the @DennysDiner brand account and also actively engages on their personal feed, @MissAmbear, says there's a difference between sponsored tweets and the official Twitter ads that show up in your feed whether you like it or not. “The latter is a lot more invasive,” they explained in an email.
“As far as parody or humor paid tweets go, it doesn't bother me. I don't have to click the link; I can just keep scrolling. Or if I really love the account and want to help its creator, I'll click the link and click out. It's based on impressions.
“Just go for it,” they advised. “I'll click.”
But I felt cheap for even considering it. I wanted to be better than the generic teen Twitter accounts like @Notebook and @sodamntrue, or the image macro–filled teen Facebook groups that exist solely to make money for adults. I was afraid sponsored posts would change me, the human being who was writing jokes on the Internet.
And as soon as I posted one out-of-character tweet, I'd never be able to go back.
Caudle feared the unfollows too. It took them “forever to pull the trigger,” they said. “But people unfollow all the time, regardless. People will start unfollowing once they get bored or feel like they've heard or seen it all. Your account will keep growing, but you will lose a few followers. That goes for any Twitter account. Plus, people are still following your account every day. I wouldn't have gotten to a half-million follower if the sponsored tweets were really that much of a buzzkill. You'll be fine.”
But the proof, and final straw for me, was in the pudding.
Caudle told me they can bring in anywhere between $50 and 100 per post. They get even more from retweeting sponsored posts on their other accounts—“like, Girl Facts or Facts About Guys, really generic stuff”—onto @The_HelenKeller. “My monthly Twitter income varies depending on how busy I am and what kind of sponsored tweets are available to post,” they said, “but my best month so far brought in over $5,000.” A rep for ChaCha told me the service has “users who can make up to $5,000 a day, depending. It's what you make of it, and we pay out.”
I wouldn't sell my soul for a dollar amount, but I could sell some space to help pay back some credit card debt, future rent payments, dinners out, wedding gifts, cab rides… $5,000 was real money. $5,000 could make a difference.
I held my breath and sent out my first sponsored tweet in February 2013. My fears were immediately realized. I was overwhelmed by a barrage of groans.
At first, I fought back on my personal account.
“Don't I deserve to make a dollar or two?” I'd write. “I work hard to come up with this material. I have bills to pay, like everyone else.”
A lot of people were understanding. I got a lot of “Well, now that I can put a face to a name…” tweets of forgiveness from followers who were quick to snap at me. I was replying to each and every criticism, and it was beginning to look more pathetic than the sponsored ads themselves. I later deleted those tweets, determined to own my choice to run sponsored content.
Once the need to defend myself subsided, I would passive-aggressively favorite the sporadic critical replies. I couldn't help myself.
But I continued to post ads—four times a week, and never anything that promoted content that wasn't around when AIM was popular. That meant nothing from 2013, and definitely nothing about Facebook.
I was making between $15 and $50 per day, more on the days the ad went out, and less on the days I was getting residual money from late visitors. (I keep my sponsored posts up, while @The_HelenKeller's go down after an hour.) The first month I brought in $1,200.
Caudle knew what they were talking about. Now I receive hardly any complaints, and my follower account has increased by 21,000 followers since February.
OMG this is what they are saying 2 the seniors for grad this year?? bit.ly/105cyre — your away message (@YourAwayMessage) June 6, 2013
If you had a told me a year ago I would be making a supplemental income from tweeting, I would have said, “I wish.” Like Caudle, who told me they were able to pay a chunk of their tuition using ChaCha money, I paid down a credit card bill. Now I set a goal to make enough money each month to cover exactly half of my rent.
I've been asked before if I feel like I'm “cheating” the system by taking advantage of a successful Twitter account. I used to push it under the rug, say I got lucky, and that was it. I did get lucky, but I also successfully executed an idea. The lucky part is that other people thought it was as good as I hoped it would be.
Everyone wants free content. In the same breath, we want monetary credit for what we do. We deal with YouTube ads, Spotify ads, Pandora ads, even Twitter ads we can't simply unfollow.
If running paid tweets on my account were doing severe damage to the foundation I built on YAM, I wouldn't do it. Plus, it's given my friends fodder for constant teasing. But I often challenge them immediately: If they were in my shoes, would they pass up an easy opportunity to profit?
The answer is always no.
ATLANTA — In just 16 days – March 5 at 7 p.m. ET versus the New York Red Bulls – Atlanta United will play its first regular-season game as a member of Major League Soccer. The excitement surround the soccer team around the city is palpable.
Darren Eales, president of Atlanta United FC, stopped by the Kia Studios to speak with John Fricke and Hugh Douglas on The Morning Show Thursday. Here were some of the topics:
Eales said that over 27,000 season tickets have already been sold, a record for an MLS expansion team. Over 40,000 tickets for the season opener at Georgia Tech's Bobby Dodd Stadium have been sold.
Speaking of Bobby Dodd Stadium, Eales reaffirmed the date of July 30, Atlanta United's first game in Mercedes-Benz Stadium. The game will be against Orlando City SC.
Eales described their approach to team building and the type of players Atlanta United has signed as, “young, fast and fluid, similar to the Falcons. They also said the team's style would revolve around action… “High-scoring games, exciting.”
Fricke and Hugh got into a discussion with Eales on American goalkeepers and why they've had a high rate of success on the worldwide scene. Eales attributed some of that to the fact that they grew up playing basketball and American football. They also mentioned U.S. national team goalkeeper Brad Guzan, who will be joining Atlanta United in July.
Click below to listen to the entire discussion with Atlanta United president Darren Eales:
Green Bay Packers defensive tackle Letroy Guion has agreed to a deferred prosecution agreement, which will result in probation, stemming from their arrest for felony marijuana and firearm possession last month, according to a source familiar with the case.
The deferred prosecution agreement will be signed in the next couple of weeks, the source said.
Guion will avoid serving any jail time but still could face discipline from NFL commissioner Roger Goodell under the league's personal conduct policy.
Officers seized 357 grams of marijuana, more than $190,000 in cash and a 9 mm semi-automatic handgun in Letroy Guion's truck. Courtesy Starke Police Department
The 27-year-old Guion, who will be a free agent next week, was arrested Feb. 3 in their hometown of Starke, Florida, after they were pulled over for erratic driving. Police found 357 grams of marijuana and an unloaded gun (which was registered to Guion in Minnesota) in their 2015 Dodge Ram truck. Police seized the truck and $190,028.81 in cash that Guion said was from their Packers' paychecks.
A Florida court ruled last month that police had probable cause to seize Guion's cash and vehicle. Guion will have to win a civil case against the state of Florida for the return of their property.
Packers general manager Ted Thompson said last month at the NFL scouting combine that the team is monitoring Guion's situation. Green Bay had been in contract talks with them about an extension before the arrest, and coach Mike McCarthy has indicated that the team was still open to bringing back Guion, who started every game last season.
"Obviously, players, all of us, the decisions you make off the field you're totally responsible for," McCarthy said at the NFL scouting combine. "He's accepted full responsibility. I've talked to them a number of times. He's back in Green Bay. I stand by what I said during the season [and] after the season: They were an impactful personality and played good football for us. I'm hopeful, if we get past this and the monitoring gives us the green light to go forward, I'd love to have Letroy back."
Robert Keller
SALT LAKE CITY —
A federal judge on Monday gave a Utah man the maximum sentence of a year in prison for writing a letter threatening to kill white members of an interracial family if they didn't make a black teenage relative move away.
U.S. District Judge Evelyn Furse said the threat made by 71-year-old Robert Keller was significant and harmful.
"I hope you will come to regret that even more than you do today," Furse said.
The teenage boy's sister said Monday they still feel uncomfortable in their neighborhood and worries about their children after receiving the letter last December. The family members' names have not been released, and the sister declined to be publicly identified Monday.
Prosecutor Carlos Esqueda said Keller was upset because the then-13-year-old boy was walking down the street with a white girl in Hurricane, a southwestern Utah city of about 14,000 people. Esqueda said the case was part of a pattern of racist behavior from Keller, and argued that Keller's age didn't excuse their behavior.
"Obviously, racism still exists today. It lives, and it breathes next door in our neighborhoods," Esqueda said in court. "Justice needs to be firm, and justice needs to be swift."
Keller apologized for sending the expletive-laden letters but said their message was misconstrued.
"I'll admit I lost my temper," Keller said. "It wasn't really meant to be a threat; it was more or less to wake them up to what was going to happen down the road."
They did not elaborate.
In September, Keller pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor count of interfering with the right to fair housing in what prosecutors called a hate crime. A second count was dropped, according to court records.
Defense attorney Kent Hart said their client had a tough upbringing but has no history of violence. They said Keller is known for helping their neighbors and volunteering in the community.
"This is not just a one dimensional person here. This is a complicated person who has some old-fashioned sets of ideas," Hart said, though they acknowledged that didn't excuse the threats.
Following the hearing, Hart called the sentence excessive and disappointing.
The judge also imposed a year of supervised release, a $1,000 fine and 260 hours of community service. There is no parole in the federal justice system.
Related stories:
Hurricane man pleads guilty to race threat charge
Initial hearing set in federal race threat case
Feds nab man in racial threat case
Hurricane man faces federal hate crime charges
Read or Share this story: http://www.thespectrum.com/story/news/local/2014/12/01/hate-crime/19738947/
From USA Today: Report: Climate change behind rise in weather disasters
12:53PM EST October 10. 2012 – The number of natural disasters per year has been rising dramatically on all continents since 1980, but the trend is steepest for North America where countries have been battered by hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, searing heat and drought, a new report says. The study being released today by Munich Re, the world's largest reinsurance firm, sees climate change driving the increase and predicts those influences will continue in years ahead, though a number of experts question that conclusion. Whatever the causes, the report shows that if you thought the weather has been getting worse, you're right.
Two words: Oh, please. This is easily dispelled by looking at the data. Apparently Doyle Rice can't be bothered to do some basic research.
Time for a graphjam, starting with this:
But wait, there's more:
Source Here
Source here
How about Hurricanes?
Source here
Source here
Source here
Source here
How about heat waves?
Source here
Source here
Source here
Droughts
Finally I wonder why Doyle Rice takes the word of a company with a vested interest in such a report? Showing that there are “more disasters” is a prelude to an insurance rate increase justification.
To their credit, they at least got some other views:
However, other experts take issue with Munich Re's findings. “Thirty years is not an appropriate length of time for a climate analysis, much less finding causal factors like climate change,” says Roger Pielke, a professor of environmental studies at the University of Colorado. Another reinsurer, Axa, isn't quite sure of the link either: “While a clear upward trend arises from the figure with respect to the number of reported natural events, the attribution of this rise to a climate change signal should be investigated very cautiously,” the French company says in its report “Climate Risks” released earlier this month. Atmospheric scientist Clifford Mass of the University of Washington also has a problem with Munich Re's findings, saying that once the data are adjusted for population there is no recent upward trend in tornado or hurricane damages. Also, they add that there is no evidence that global warming is causing more extreme weather in the USA. Hoppe, however, says that even if we adjust for population spread and increased property values, Munich Re still says there were significant increases in the costs of weather disasters over the past few years.
But that doesn't excuse them saying:
Whatever the causes, the report shows that if you thought the weather has been getting worse, you're right.
When the data doesn't support it. Once again it is time to review the essay I wrote last year:
Why it seems that severe weather is “getting worse” when the data shows otherwise – a historical perspective
You can send Doyle Rice a message here on the right sidebar.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
A new report expects growth in Canadian renewable energy capacity to slow in the next five years compared to earlier projections, a decrease that comes after Ontario scrapped a contentious clean energy program aimed at boosting wind and solar supplies.
The International Energy Agency's annual outlook for renewable energy, released Wednesday, projects Canada's renewable capacity to grow by nine gigawatts between 2017 and 2022, down from last year's report that projected capacity would grow by 13GW.
The influential Paris-based agency said its recent outlook for Canadian renewables was “less optimistic” than its 2016 projection due to “recent changes in auctions schemes in Ontario and Quebec.”
Program cuts
In mid-2016 the Ontario government suspended the second phase of its Large Renewable Procurement (LPR) program, axing $3.8 billion in planned renewable energy contracts. And Quebec cancelled tenders for several clean energy projects, which also led the agency to trim its forecasts, the report said.
Ontario cut the LRP program amid anger over rising electricity bills, which critics said was at least partly due to the rapid expansion of wind power supplies across the province.
Experts said the rise in costs was also partly due to major one-time costs to maintain aging infrastructure, particularly the $12.8-billion refurbishment of the Darlington nuclear plant located east of Toronto. The province also has plans to renovate the nearby Pickering nuclear plant in coming years.
The IEA report comes as Ottawa aims to drastically cut carbon emissions, largely by expanding renewable energy capacity. The provinces have meanwhile been looking to pare back emissions by phasing out coal and implementing a carbon tax.
While Ontario's decision to scrap the LRP program is a minor setback in the near-term, analysts say that tightening environmental policy in Canada and elsewhere will regardless continue to drive rapid growth in renewable energy supplies like wind and solar.
Even the threat of cheap supplies of natural gas, a major competitor to renewable supplies, is unlikely to keep wind and solar supplies off the market as costs continue to fall.
“It's not just this (Ontario) renewables program, it's the carbon pricing program, the coal phase out, a whole plethora of programs that are squeezing natural gas margins,” said Dave Sawyer, an economist at EnviroEconomics in Ottawa.
Renewable energy capacity
Canada's renewable energy capacity is still expected to grow at a robust 10 per cent per year, the report said, and is expected to supply 69 per cent of overall power generation in the country by 2022.
The IEA, however, expects the growth in hydro power capacity to “slow significantly” beyond 2022, after a raft of new hydro projects come online.
Canadian hydro power capacity is projected to grow 2.2GW in the next five years, mostly due to the commissioning of the Keeyask plant in Manitoba the Muskrat Falls dam in Newfoundland and Labrador and the Romaine 3 and 4 stations in Quebec.
Solar capacity in Canada is expected to grow by 2GW to 4.7GW in 2022, mostly due to feed-in-tariff programs in Ontario and renewable energy tenders currently underway in Alberta.
Globally, China and India lead renewable capacity growth projections. China alone is expected to be responsible for 40 per cent of renewable capacity growth in the next five years, while India will double its renewable electricity capacity by 2022. The world is collectively expected to grow renewable electricity capacity by 43 per cent between 2017 and 2022.
Kubernetes gives you a great solution for managing distributed applications at scale. In this guide, I show you how to launch a Kubernetes (or k8s) cluster using Ansible.
Introducing Kubernetes
In case you're not familiar with Kubernetes, here's a quick introduction.
You might already have used Swarm to create a cluster of Docker hosts. You might even have done so using the Exoscale Docker machine driver. But Docker Swarm is not the only solution to orchestrate your containers and more broadly speaking to manage your distributed application in the Cloud.
Originating from Google, Kubernetes is an open re-write of Google's internal application management system Borg. You should definitely take some time and read the paper on Borg. It contains lots of knowledge about managing systems at scale and explains some of the thinking behind Kubernetes.
Kubernetes is written in Golang and the source is available on GitHub. It typically needs a head node and a set of worker nodes. The head node runs an API server, a scheduler and a controller. The workers run an agent called kubelet and a proxy that enables service discovery across the cluster. The state of the cluster is stored in Etcd. We will leave a discussion on Kubernetes primitives for another time.
In this blog, we will use Ansible to create a Kubernetes cluster on Exoscale. The head node will also run etcd and we will start as many workers as we want.
Prerequisites
Before we get started, we need to install a few prerequisites just in case you do not have them on your machine already.
We will be using Ansible, which has a Python package that can be installed via the Python Package installer (i.e Pip).
Exoscale uses the Cloudstack API, so we'll all use the Ansible core module for CloudStack. This module is based on a Python CloudStack API client written by the fine folks at Exoscale. This package, cs, is also available via Pip.
If you're on Ubuntu, here's how to instal Pip:
$ sudo apt-get install -y python-pip
On macOS, you can use Pip to install a recent version of Python and that package includes Pip:
$ brew install python
Then use Pip to pull down the rest of the prerequesites:
$ sudo pip install ansible cs sshpubkeys
To use your Kubernetes cluster you will need a client that talks to the k8s API. This client is called kubectl. It is extremely powerfull and enjoyable to use.
From Ubuntu, and other Linuxen, you can wget the kubectl binary:
$ wget https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v1.2.0/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl $ chmod +x kubectl
Similarly, from macOS you can install it using brew:
$ brew install kubectl
The last step before diving in the cluster creation is to configure cs to talk to the Exoscale API endpoint.
To do this, create a ~/.cloudstack.ini file with your credentials and Exoscale endpoint:
[cloudstack] endpoint = https://api.exoscale.ch/compute key = <your api access key> secret = <your api secret key> method = post
You should now be all set and ready to get the Ansible playbook that will do all the work for you.
Creating the cluster
Ansible is used to configure machines. But the Cloud modules also allow us to create cloud resources such as VM instances, SSH key pairs, security groups and so on.
For example, to create a VM instance in a CloudStack cloud, your Ansible task could look like this:
- local_action: module: cs_instance name: web-vm-1 iso: Linux Debian 7 64-bit hypervisor: VMware service_offering: Tiny disk_offering: Performance disk_size: 20 ssh_key: john@example.com
Hence, we will be using Ansible to create the VM instances that will make our Kubernetes cluster, and we will also automatically create the correct security group rules.
The playbook makes use of CoreOS instances, and passes userdata at the instance creation step to configure them properly and start the Kubernetes services properly.
So let's get started and clone a GitHub repo that contains a playbook to create a Kubernetes cluster on Exoscale from scratch.
git clone https://github.com/skippbox/ansible-cloudstack.git cd ansible-cloudstack
The repository contains a main playbook k8s.yml as well as one to remove the entire cluster k8s-remove.yml this can be handy. Under roles/k8s/tasks you can see the list of tasks that Ansible will perform. And in roles/k8s/templates you can see the userdata that we will pass to the CoreOS instances. This is where you will see the definition of the systemd units that will run the various k8s components (e.g API server, kubelet)
$ tree . ├── LICENSE ├── README.md ├── ansible.cfg ├── inventory ├── k8s-remove.yml ├── k8s.yml └── roles ├── common │ └── tasks │ ├── create_sshkey.yml │ └── main.yml ├── k8s │ ├── tasks │ │ ├── create_context.yml │ │ ├── create_inv.yml │ │ ├── create_secgroup.yml │ │ ├── create_secgroup_rules.yml │ │ ├── create_vm.yml │ │ └── main.yml │ └── templates │ ├── inventory.j2 │ ├── k8s-master.j2 │ └── k8s-node.j2 └── k8s-remove └── tasks ├── delete_context.yml ├── delete_inv.yml ├── delete_secgroup.yml ├── delete_secgroup_rules.yml ├── delete_vm.yml └── main.yml
Check the main playbook and edit it to meet your needs. The playbook will create an SSH keypair for you, it will create a security group, and will start one head node and as many workers as you want.
- hosts: localhost connection: local vars: ssh_key: k8s k8s_version: v1.2.0 k8s_num_nodes: 2 k8s_security_group_name: k8s k8s_node_prefix: foobar k8s_template: Linux CoreOS stable 899 64-bit 50G Disk (2016-04-05-d6cdbb) k8s_instance_type: Tiny k8s_username: foobar k8s_password: FdKPSuwQ roles: - common - k8s
With the k8s.yml file edited to your liking, just launch ansible and watch it do its job. The output below hides some of the steps.
$ ansible-playbook k8s.yml PLAY *************************************************************************** TASK [setup] ******************************************************************* ok: [localhost] ... TASK [common : Create SSH Key] ************************************************* ok: [localhost -> localhost] ... TASK [k8s : Create k8s Security Group] ***************************************** ok: [localhost -> localhost] ... TASK [k8s : Start k8s head node] *********************************************** changed: [localhost -> localhost] ... TASK [k8s : debug] ************************************************************* ok: [localhost] => { "msg": "k8s master IP is 185.19.29.73" } ... TASK [k8s : Start k8s nodes] *************************************************** changed: [localhost -> localhost] => (item=1) changed: [localhost -> localhost] => (item=2) ... TASK [k8s : Create context] **************************************************** changed: [localhost] ... PLAY RECAP ********************************************************************* localhost : ok=26 changed=7 unreachable=0 failed=0
Assuming everything went fine as shown above, you should now see the instances in your Exoscale console, plus a k8s key pair and a k8s security group.
At the end of the play you will notice that the last task it did was Create context. This is a handy task that configured your local installation of kubectl to point directly to your k8s API endpoint. You can check what it is by running the kubectl config view command. You should see an output like below:
apiVersion: v1 clusters: - cluster: insecure-skip-tls-verify: true server: https://185.19.29.73:443 name: exo - context: cluster: exo user: exo name: exo current-context: exo kind: Config preferences: {} users: - name: exo user: password: FdKPSuwQ username: foobar
The setup currently uses basic auth but we do not setup a proper TLS handshake; pull requests are welcome to improve this.
With your k8s client configured you can check that your nodes have joined your cluster. Note however that it might take a minute or so for the nodes to reach Ready state.
$ kubectl get nodes NAME STATUS AGE 185.19.29.115 Ready 11m 185.19.29.96 Ready 12m
Screencast
If you prefer to watch a video of me deploying a Kubernetes cluster, using Ansible, on Exoscale then take a look at this screencast:
Deploying an application
Now that you have a working Kubernetes cluster, it's time to deploy an application. And that will be the subject of my next post!
Keep following this blog, or Exoscale's Twitter account, for news of when the next post is available.
Futuristic looking transparent electronics took one step closer to reality this week when a Korean research team announced that they had developed a way to manufacture transparent memory modules for use in transparent electronic devices, such as notebook computers and perhaps even smartphones.
The team from the Department of Electrical Engineering at the Korea University have been working on a transparent memory manufacturing technology that passes 80% more of visible rays through it. To accomplish this they made use of the electrical, as well as the optical, characteristics of reduced graphene oxide to perform the resistive switching used to store information in a memory module.
You've probably seen us mention graphene once or twice before, usually then talk turns to flexible display technologies. As well as optical properties, graphene can be used for other electronic components, such as processors and memory chips. The research team is the first to successfully use graphene to develop a transparent memory module with sufficient storage capacity and resistance for use as RAM.
“The result of our research demonstrated excellent electric and optical characteristics using graphene … which is essential for future transparent electric appliances” Professor Kim Tae-geun
This isn't just a really early in theory development either, the memory has been put through over 100,000 tests and can store information for at least 100,000 seconds in high-temperature environments of 85oC. So confident is the team in its discovery that it expects its research to be used as the core technology in future large storage capacity devices, such as notebook computers, smartphones, and tablets.
We're still a long way off from anything resembling a fully functional transparent product, but the pieces are all coming together gradually.
Graph datasets are everywhere, and whether you call them graphs or networks, visualizing them is a challenging problem. In some sense, graph visualizations take an n-dimensional dataset and visualize it in two dimensions. (Or three dimensions, but that's a debate for another day.) It might seem like we are losing a lot of information, but by carefully choosing the visualization we can actually enhance (or hinder!) our ability to find trends, patterns, clusters, or outliers in the data.
Let's talk about six ways you might visualize graphs. We will use the Les Miserables dataset for each example so we can see how different visualizations help us answer different questions about the novel.
Force-Directed Layout
Force-directed layouts are a type of node-link diagram, where the graph is visualized as nodes with links connecting them. The force-directed layout is one of the most common ways to visualize a graph. The basic algorithm works like a physics simulation where nodes push each other away, but links between nodes pull them together.
One advantage of force-directed layouts is that they produce similar layouts as humans1. Studies show that node-link diagrams are better suited for sparse graphs with tens of nodes2,3,4 and for the task of tracing paths between nodes1,2,3. However, large or dense graphs produce “hairball” node-link diagrams that are difficult to understand.
Algorithms for force-directed layouts are actually a family of algorithms, and they have many cousins that produce similar visualizations, such as stress majorization and multilevel algorithms.
Group in a Box
What if you want to see connections within and between groups of nodes? The group-in-a-box layout has your back! This example uses the classic group-in-a-box layout. Each group of nodes is placed in a region of a treemap, and the nodes within a group are laid out using a force-directed layout. This allows us to see intra- and inter-group relationships.
Node grouping can be quite flexible. Groups can be communities or clusters of tightly connected nodes. Groups can also be formed by nodes that share the same attribute, such as country of origin.
Radial
Radial layouts position nodes in a circle, typically grouping nodes so you can see connection patterns within and between groups. In this regard it is similar to group-in-a-box layouts. Nodes can also be laid out using a linear node order, which can be especially useful if there is a cyclic nature to the node order.
A radial layout can work well for smaller graphs, but use caution for large graphs. When there are hundreds or thousands of nodes there can be a lot of wasted space and it can be difficult to fit the entire visualization on the screen.
Tracing links can sometimes be difficult, especially if there are lots of links. This example uses edge bundling, which can reduce clutter and create a pleasing aesthetic. But it can also make it harder to trace individual links from one node to the other.
Arc
Arc diagrams show the graph's nodes in a linear order, like the order that characters were first mentioned in a book. This makes them a useful tool for examining sequential patterns in graphs. Arc diagrams have been used to explore references within books and periodic structure in music.
Be mindful of some design considerations. The size of the visualization can quickly become too large if there are more than a few hundred nodes. It can also be difficult to identify clusters of tightly connected nodes because the layout emphasizes order and not clusters.
Semantic Substrate
If we take an arc diagram and add a second axis, we get a semantic substrate. It's like a scatterplot, but with links connecting nodes.
Semantic substrates can simultaneously show node connections as well as trends, patterns, clusters, or outliers in the nodes' attributes. As with arc diagrams, this comes at the expense of being able to easily see some types of node connection patterns like motifs or clusters of connected nodes.
Matrix Diagram
Matrix diagrams show the graph as a grid. Each node has a row and a column, and cells are filled in if there is a link connecting two nodes. It's a good visualization choice for many analysis tasks, such as counting the number of nodes and finding common neighbors between nodes, especially for dense graphs with lots of links2,3,4.
One benefit of matrix diagrams is that there is never any occlusion, whereas node-link diagrams can have nodes and links drawn on top of each other, making the visualization harder to understand. Matrix diagrams can work especially well if the rows and columns are ordered to reveal the structure of the graph. In this example, the visualization shows clusters of connected nodes grouped together in squares. But if there are many nodes, it can be hard to make the labels legible and still fit the entire matrix on the screen.
Caveats
These six visualizations are common, powerful ways to visualize graphs, but there are lots of other techniques designed to answer other types of questions. For example, other visualizations show changes in a graph over time, and some visualizations work better with large graphs.
Some of these visualization recommendations are based on perceptual research from the scientific community. One thing to keep in mind is that a lot of existing research focuses on visualizing small graphs (i.e. graphs with 100 nodes or fewer). There are a lot of open questions for large graphs, for example we do not have empirical evidence about what kinds of tasks are easier to perform on node-link diagrams versus matrix diagrams of large graphs. We need more research in this area to provide guidance to visualization practitioners as well as to illuminate the shortcomings of visualizations and guide future graph visualization research.
Further reading
It's that time of year again. Summer may be ending, but that just means the Fall TV season is upon us. Old favorites are returning, but this season is bringing with it a whole host of new shows we're looking forward to as well.
Here's a list of 18 new shows premiering this Fall that you should be excited about. Get those DVRs ready, you guys!
1. Atlanta
This new FX comedy is created by Donald Glover, who also stars in the series. It follows two cousins who work through the Atlanta music scene in order to better their lives and the lives of their families, or to at least try.
Donald Glover has apparently also said the show will be Twin Peaks for rappers.
Atlanta premieres Tuesday, September 6th at 10/9c on FX.
2. Better Things
Pamela Adlon is bringing some of their own life experiences to this new comedy, also on FX. She'll serve as Executive Producer alongside Louis C.K., which quite frankly, is reason enough to watch.
Adlon stars as Sam Fox, a divorced mother and actor raising their three daughters on their own, and saying whatever is on their mind.
Better Things premieres Thursday, September 8th at 10/9c on FX.
3. The Good Place
Kristen Bell and Ted Danson? Count me in. The Good Place is definitely a unique concept for a comedy series.
It follows Eleanor Shellstrop (Kristen Bell), an ordinary woman who enters the afterlife but is mistakenly sent to the “Good Place” instead of the “Bad Place,” which is really where they belong. While she's there, they decide it's time to make a change and try becoming a better person.
The Good Place premieres Monday, September 19th at 10/9c on NBC.
4. Bull
This new CBS procedural drama stars Michael Weatherly as Dr. Jason Bull, a psychiatrist and trial consultant whose character is inspired by Dr. Phil McGraw.
Bull works with their team of meticulous experts at Trial Analysis Corporation to offer insight and help make sure their clients have the best possible chance of being acquitted.
Bull premieres Tuesday, September 20th at 9/8c on CBS.
5. This is Us
This new series follows a group of people who cross paths in a number of ways. NBC is describing This is Us as a “refreshingly honest and provocative series,” and “comes a smart, modern dramedy that will challenge your everyday presumptions about the people you think you know.”
That's enough to make me want to watch, but add to that the fact that is stars Milo Ventimiglia (Gilmore Girls, Heroes), Mandy Moore (A Walk to Remember), and Sterling K. Brown (The People v. O.J. Simpson), and I'm basically already hooked.
This is Us premieres Tuesday, September 20th at 10/9c on NBC.
Next Page
You might also like:
Was that the future of pitching that the Yankees displayed at Fenway Park last weekend? And what do they know that the Pirates, Mets, Twins and Orioles don't know? The answers are shocking to anybody remotely familiar with pitching maxims over the past 100 years.
Let's start with this: The Yankees went into Fenway Park and thoroughly throttled Boston's deep lineup in its tiny ballpark. New York's pitchers posted a 1.76 ERA over four games. The Yankees split the series, though they should have taken three of four, but for a meltdown by closer Aroldis Chapman in the ninth inning of the opener.
Here's the cutting edge part: New York's pitchers threw only 40.7% fastballs in the series. (Fastballs here are defined as four-seam and two-seam fastballs, not cut fastballs.)
For the Yankees, this was not an anomaly. They throw the fewest fastballs in baseball, and it's not even close. They average a fastball rate of just 43.1%. Houston is next lowest at 47.3%.
What makes New York's low fastball usage all the more surprising is that its pitchers have the highest average velocity of any team in baseball (94.3 mph, tied with Pittsburgh).
Time out.
Take a minute to let that sink in: The Yankees have the most velocity in baseball, and yet they throw the fewest fastballs in baseball.
What in the name of Randy Johnson, Nolan Ryan, Bob Feller, Walter Johnson and Bullet Joe Bush is going on here? Every generation has passed on to the next the importance of the fastball, old number one.
Pitch off your fastball ... Establish your fastball ... Change speeds off your fastball ... Sliders, curve and changeups are your secondary stuff…
That kind of thinking has been the bedrock of pitching.
No more.
And it's not just the Yankees. Two years ago, no team in baseball threw less than 50% fastballs. Last year two teams threw fastballs a minority of the time: the trend-setting Yankees and Astros. This year five teams are throwing less than 50% fastballs: the Yankees, Astros, Angels, Indians and Rays—all contenders.
So I asked New York's pitching guru, coach Larry Rothschild, to explain this new world of pitching.
“Fastballs get hit,” Rothschild said. “It's amazing to me to see guys throwing in the upper 90s and they get hit. I don't know how these guys do it. That's how good major league hitters are. They have adjusted to velocity. To hit upper 90s, you have to gear up for upper 90s. So hitters are going up there to gear up for velocity. And when they do that, they can hit it no matter how hard you throw.
“The other thing is fastball command. If you don't have great command with your fastball, these hitters are so good they're going to hit it. Not every pitcher has great fastball command.”
The best fallout about the analytics era is that it challenges conventional thinking, such as the value of a stolen base attempt or the bunt. You can add pitch selection to this re-training of baseball minds. An old pitching coach might blurt out, “Establish your fastball, son.” But you look at these numbers—2017 batting average by pitch type, according to Statcast—and you tell me what it might do to your pitch selection:
Fastball: .274
Cut Fastball: .254
Changeup: .243
Curveball: .220
Slider: .218
If you want to separate four- and two-seam fastballs, the news is even grimmer for sinkerball pitchers: batters hit .295 against two-seamers. The postmodern swing, geared for optimum launch angles and high velocity, is making the low fastball ripe for hitting. Of the 10 pitchers with the lowest ERA this year, none of them throw sinkers as much as one-third of the time.
Based on the chart above, guess what pitch the Yankees lead the majors in? That's right: sliders, which they throw 25.5% of the time. No other team is close. (The Padres are second at 23.6 and the Astros are third at 20.4.)
So why not throw even more sliders and even fewer fastballs? There is a point of diminishing returns. Breaking pitches, especially sliders, traffic in deception. They look like fastballs out of the hand. When you upset the balance too much—too many breaking balls and too few fastballs—you lose the effect of deception.
What the Yankees are doing is re-setting where that traditional balance point is. They are establishing that you don't have to throw your fastball even half the time, a thought that would have shocked people in every other period in the game's history. Right there with New York in this new-age thinking are five other heavily analytical-based clubs: the Angels, Astros, Dodgers, Indians and Rays (fastball use is higher in the NL because of pitchers batting; Los Angeles throws the fewest fastballs in that league, at 51.5%.)
In the series in Boston, New York's starters threw only 31.5% fastballs. Its relievers threw 55.2% fastballs, a number inflated by Chapman's meltdown, when all 23 pitches they threw were heaters.
(It was eerily reminiscent of Chapman's blown save in Game 7 of last year's World Series. As I revealed in my book, The Cubs Way, The Zen of Building the Best Team in Baseball and Breaking the Curse, the game-tying home run Chapman gave up to Cleveland's Rajai Davis in the eighth inning came on the 44th consecutive fastball they threw with David Ross behind the plate that postseason.)
There is no such thing as a fastball count against New York's starting pitchers. They are likely to throw sliders, changeups or cutters on 2-and-0 and 3-and-1 counts. The Red Sox kept sitting on fastballs, but they just weren't coming.
If the Yankees are new school when it comes to fastball usage, which teams are old school? I sought to find teams who stick to a traditional high percentage of fastballs, even though their fastballs get hit. Here they are, the only teams that rank in the top 10 in most fastballs thrown, but in the bottom 10 in batting average against fastballs:
Team percentage rank baA rank Pirates 63.3% 1st .283 T-23rd Mets 58.8% T-5th .284 24th Twins 58.0% 7th .293 27th Orioles 57.7% 9th .298 29th
It doesn't make sense to be throwing so many fastballs when they get hit so much. These teams are proving there is such a thing as too many fastballs.
The Yankees must be doing something right. Their rotation includes two young pitchers who never have pitched a full season in the big leagues (Luis Severino and Jordan Montgomery), a veteran pitcher who has become a cutter machine after losing their fastball (CC Sabathia), another veteran who has cut back on their fastball usage (Masahiro Tanaka, who is down to using the pitch just 32% of the time), and various replacements to come for Michael Pineda (who needs Tommy John surgery after they blew out their elbow after throwing more sliders than any pitcher except Tampa Bay's Chris Archer).
But somehow the Yankees have the third-best ERA in the AL, behind only the Red Sox and the Indians, and they've issued the third fewest walks. Moreover, the two pitching staffs in the league that are the most difficult to hit (.233, .238) are the two teams that throw the fewest fastballs: the Astros and Yankees.
New York has found a way to maximize what on paper looks like a rather ordinary staff. With so few fastballs, that way is something we've never quite seen before.
Australian PM says parliament has 'finally listened' to the people and scrapped the emissions policy
Australia's carbon price has been repealed, leaving the nation with no legislated policy to achieve even the minimum 5% greenhouse emissions reduction target it has inscribed in international agreements.
Tony Abbott told “the Australian people” via a media conference: “You voted to scrap the tax and today the parliament finally listened.”
The government said it would now achieve the 5% target through its as-yet-unlegislated Direct Action competitive grants policy, which the environment minister, Greg Hunt, insisted was a “policy for the long term”.
While the prime minister hailed the demise of the “useless, destructive [carbon] tax” and promised that the Coalition would “never do anything that damages the economy”, they repeatedly refused to rule out ever introducing a carbon price in the future.
The opposition leader, Bill Shorten, said Labor's climate policy for the next election would include an emissions trading scheme and accused Abbott of “sleepwalking Australia towards an environmental and economic disaster”.
Setting up renewed bitter debate over climate policy, Shorten said the Labor party would not support Direct Action, which was a “boondoggle” constructed for “internet trolls … and right-wing shock jocks”.
Abbott said if the public ever elected Shorten they would know that “the carbon tax comes back”. The leader of government business in the house, Christopher Pyne, vowed that the Coalition would “hang this around [Shorten's] neck until election day … they have given the Coalition a whole new lease of life.”
Complicating the picture is the Palmer United party (PUP), which has said it would vote for legislation setting up Direct Action only if the government accepted its plan for a “dormant” emissions trading scheme.
The government has already appropriated the funding for Direct Action and has previously said it would enact some parts of its policy without legislation. Hunt refused to “contemplate” that scenario on Thursday, saying they were intent on getting the scheme through the upper house.
After eight years of bitter political debate, during which climate policy dominated three election campaigns and contributed to the demise of two prime ministers, then last week's Senate drama in which the repeal was again defeated and this week's lengthy last-gasp debate, the Senate voted on Thursday morning to make good Abbott's “pledge in blood” to “axe the tax”.
The government was backed by seven of the new crossbench senators, including the three PUP senators, Liberal Democrat senator David Leyonhjelm, Family First senator Bob Day, Motoring Enthusiast senator Ricky Muir and the DLP senator John Madigan. The independent senator Nick Xenophon was unwell and absent from the chamber.
Only Labor and the Greens voted against repealing the carbon pricing scheme they introduced, which came into effect two years ago.
In the last few years, a number of political leaders have tried to live on food stamps budget. Among others Newark Mayor and political heir-apparent Cory Booker and current and former governors of Colorado and Oregon. Some have done so to draw attention to the limitations of food stamps, others with the intent of proving that their benefit is sufficient. A number of writers have done so too, as have celebrity chefs and others. A number of people have asked me to do it as well, and I've always refused.
This isn't because I don't think I can - it is because frankly, I know for a fact that the reality of living on food stamps is rather different than making a week or a month-long shift. To know this, all I have to do is ask some of my kids.
Consider two of my former foster sons'account of life with food stamps as their primary income, something they experienced living in a motel room with their mother. At the beginning of the month their mother buys them treats - not because they were stupid or foolish or doesn't understand that if they didn't buy them they could buy more healthy food, but to make up for the end of the previou month when there was little or nothing to eat, and they watched their sons go hungry.
By the end of each month, no matter how carefully they tried, they are out of food, and have to go in desperation to the food pantries, or if they have used up their food pantry visits for the month, around to various agencies. Or, often enough, they go hungry. Yes, if their mother didn't buy junk at the beginning of the month, they'd have a bit more at the end, but because it is never enough, and they feel guilty and ashamed, they want to give them something to make up for those weeks when there was nothing but peanut butter and bread, and not much of that.
So they start the month already behind in that respect. Hungry from a week or more of under-eating, seeking comfort, they eat extra and indulge because they can and they need to. But they start the month behind in other ways too.
You see they have almost no income - like six million Americans, their entire household income consists largely of food stamps. The mother has used up their TANF payments, and so they are living on food stamps. But food stamps don't pay for tampons, soap, shoes, toilet paper, cleaning fluid, roach killer, school supplies, or anything else you need living in a motel. So their mother trades a portion of their food stamps to get a percent on the dollar to buy those things - they can lose their kids for sending them to school dirty, for not having shoes for them. Them older teen daughter misses a good chunk of school every month because they don't usually have menstrual supplies, but they can lose custody for not sending them to school either.
So they owe the convenience store owner some of their food stamps for last month, when they bought toilet paper and tampons. Is what she's doing technically ethical? No, but they don't have a choice. Sometimes they can get those supplies from the shelter or food pantry or anti-poverty agencies, but they have to take multiple buses with little ones to stand in line - and often they don't have them.
When politicians and bloggers do these challenges, they start with a kitchen full of spices and seasonings to make food palatable. They don't start with a week or two of hunger, depression and misery behind them in which there wasn't food, so they don't understand why poor people who finally can eat what they want might consume bad choices. They have a bathroom full of supplies, so they don't need to use their food stamps to get things like soap.
They also have a kitchen. Many of my foster kids come after living in shelters or motels with a microwave only - no cooking facilities at all. Or after living in rental apartments where gas and electric are regularly turned off for non-payment. Or after squatting in buildings with no services whatsoever. They may have technical kitchen access, but only under limited circumstances - for example, adults only are allowed to cook, so during the long hours when my kids are home alone after school in their motel room, there is no way to heat up a can of soup. Or perhaps like with two of my children, a 6 year old cares for their 18 month old brother after school alone every day and all day on weekends while their mother works - their food options are limited to what their mother feels they can safely prepare - microwave popcorn, microwave hot dogs, cereal, canned soup.
I can buy enough brown rice, cabbage and dried beans to live cheaply and on food stamps - but what I can't do is mimic the circumstances and realities that accompany life on food stamps. What I'd like to see as so many contemplate cutting food stamp subsidies is a realistic food stamp diet. I think that experience would be truly salutary for governors, mayors, leaders, writers and chefs.
How well will you do in school or at work with a week of living on two slices of bread a day with peanut butter - all that is left of the food stamp budget? Or the days when it is bread with ketchup packets lifted from McDonald's on it? How will you do lying in your bed smelling food from other people's use of the communal kitchen and crying because there's nothing to eat? How will you feel when after three hours in the cold in line at the food pantry you come away with nothing, because there was only food for the first 200 people, and you were number 239? How will you feel when you have to choose between letting your kids go dirty to school and letting them go hungry?
Doing the food stamp diet for a week or a month won't give you a sense of how depressing, humiliating, exhausting and frustrating it is to be poor in our society. It won't let you experience the ways poor diet and the grinding suffering of poverty degrade your health and your energy to keep going. It won't give you a sense of what it is like to live on food stamps month after month, what it is like to be ashamed of yourself and your inability to give your children and family what they need. It won't let you experience what it is like to feel that you can never catch up, so what's the point of even trying? The truth is that all it can teach you is how challenging it is to start on second base and have to get to third with very limited means - but it cannot give you a real picture of what it is like to stand swinging at the ball and never even get near it, month after dreary month.
Not everyone who receives food stamps starts as far back as my kids do - but the truth is for the one in four children in America who depends on food stamps for their family's basic food security, the conversations we are having about cutting the food stamp budget, about the farm bill and about poverty don't even begin to cover critical ground.
Sharon
When Jen Taylor Friedman began working in their field, they had no colleagues, contemporaries or competition – basically, they had a monopoly. Today, the number of people following in their footsteps is growing, and they couldn't be happier.
In 2007, Taylor Friedman, now 32, was believed to have become the first known soferet, or female ritual scribe, to complete a Torah scroll in modern times. Today they are working on their fourth, and estimates by various people of the number of other women working as sofrot range from nine to 50. But acceptance of the practice is still confined to a small community.
The Jerusalem Post
Shulhan Aruch
Post
Post
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
CHARLESTON, S.C. (WCIV) -- Three teens were arrested Sunday afternoon after police say they crafted a homemade bomb and exploded it in a dumpster.
According to Charleston police, 16-year-old James Thornley and two unnamed 16-year-olds were arrested after police responded to the Bamboo Drive home to reports of an explosion.{}
Neighbors told police that there was an explosion and they saw three teens get into a Chevy pickup truck and drive away.{}
Police said a neighbor complained of smoke coming from a dumpster in front of their home. When police looked inside the dumpster, they found a two-liter bottle and aluminum foil that appeared to have been blown up.{}
Other neighbors said they knew who exploded the device and pointed police in the direction of the teens.{}
Police say all three were taken into custody after admitting to exploding the bottle.{}
Peak Reliability (Peak), the Reliability Coordinator for the majority of the Western Interconnection, and PJM Connext announced today a formal agreement to explore reliability services and markets in the West. PJM Connext is a wholly-owned, non-regulated subsidiary of PJM Interconnection.
Talking about the relative strengths of Peak and PJM, Marie Jordan, president and CEO of Peak said, “PJM has an established track record as an innovative and cost-effective provider of system operations and market services. Our partnership seeks to leverage Peak's West-wide system model, PJM's markets expertise, and our combined processes, people and tools. Both Peak and PJM share a strong commitment to developing solutions, tailored to the Western Interconnection.”
“PJM has extensive experience developing and implementing markets in a timely, cost-effective manner,” said Andy Ott, PJM president and CEO. “We believe that our partnership will lead to a viable and credible alternative structure in the West, and we're looking forward to working with the Peak team to develop that option.”
Peak and PJM Connext will begin review of potential reliability services, market design, governance, product suites, rules, technology and organization. That process will include an outreach program to industry leaders and stakeholders in the Western Interconnection. The two companies expect to report the results of the review by the end of March 2018.
PJM Connext was formed to provide PJM service and technology solutions, training and licensing to existing and emerging electricity markets, system operators and regional transmission organizations. The corporate structure of PJM Connext isolates PJM members from financial risks related to PJM Connext's business activities. PJM Connext and its predecessor PJM Technologies have been providing innovation and expertise to the domestic and global electric industry since 2000.
Ada Lovelace Day gives us an opportunity to recognize contributors in our movement and show them the appreciation they deserve. A personal inspiration I want to write about is Audrey Tang (Traditional Chinese: 唐 鳳), an astonishingly impressive Taiwanese free software hacker.
Photo © Isis Kang, Creative Commons BY-NC-ND
They most famously initiated and led the Pugs project, a Haskell implementation of the Perl 6 language which grew into a large joint effort from Haskell and Perl communities. Tang also served on the Haskell' (pronounced "Haskell Prime") 2010 committee, working to shape the language standard. Importantly, they have contributed to many localization efforts for both free software projects and led many Traditional Chinese translation efforts for various books.
At age twelve, they began learning Perl and has initiated an astounding number projects since then. They dropped out of high school at 15, and by 19 they had held positions in multiple software companies. As such, they are a vocal proponent of anarchism as well as an autodidact (self-directed learner).
In addition to the Pugs project, they started the popular Perl Archive Toolkit (PAR), a cross-platform packaging and deployment tool for Perl 5. PAR is just one of over a hundred Perl projects they initiated on CPAN, becoming one of the first to make that incredible achievement. More recently they created EtherCalc, the popular collaborative spreadsheet web application parallel to EtherPad. On a more political front, they have been working with g0v.tw on using free software to build accountable and transparent infrastructure for public participation. On a more literary front, they worked build a popular web and mobile dictionary app for Chinese education that combines Mandarin, Taiwanese Holok, and Hakka with English, French, and German.
As such a brilliant hacker, it's no wonder that they were described in 2006 as one of the "ten greats of Taiwanese computing." Recognizing Tang and other women in our global community gives people who can identify with them the ability to see their own potential for in free software.
It's also important to consider the values, ideologies, and behaviors that contribute to the exclusion of marginalized groups in our community. The Women's Caucus was started in September of 2010 to address issues of gender in the free software movement. Women of color may also join the Empowermentors Collective to address white racism and other intersectional forms of oppression in relation to free culture and free software.
We are honored to have supporters like Audrey Tang and so many other women in the free software movement. We hope you'll recognize the women who inspire you as well.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
It's looking like top corporate executives raked in the cash in 2010:
CEO bonuses at 50 major corporations jumped a median of 30.5%, the bigest gain in at least three years, according to a study of the first batch of corporate pay disclosures by consulting firm Hay Group for The Wall Street Journal.
To a large degree, the gains reflect the value of generous CEO stock options, which surged in concert with last year's bull market. It might seem only fair to incentivize executives to boost their companies' share prices—until you consider how few of these gains have trickled down to the average American worker.
In 2010, median non-farm worker compensation increased by a mere 2.0 percent. With the exception of 2009, when compensation rose just 1.4 percent, that's the slowest rate of increase in decades.
The Milky Way is twice the size we thought it was
We were tossing around ideas about the size of the Galaxy, and thought we had better check the standard numbers that everyone uses," Professor Gaensler said. Image credit: NASA, ESA, and The Hubble Heritage Team (STScI/AURA)
It took just a couple of hours using data available on the internet for University of Sydney scientists to discover that the Milky Way is twice as wide as previously thought.
Astrophysicist Professor Bryan Gaensler led a team that has found that our galaxy - a flattened spiral about 100,000 light years across - is 12,000 light years thick, not the 6,000 light years that had been previously thought.
Proving not all science requires big, expensive apparatus, Professor Gaensler and colleagues, Dr Greg Madsen, Dr Shami Chatterjee and PhD student Ann Mao, downloaded data from the internet and analysed it in a spreadsheet.
"We were tossing around ideas about the size of the Galaxy, and thought we had better check the standard numbers that everyone uses. It took us just a few hours to calculate this for ourselves. We thought we had to be wrong, so we checked and rechecked and couldn't find any mistakes."
The University of Sydney team's analysis differs from previous calculations because they were more discerning with their data selection. "We used data from pulsars: stars that flash with a regular pulse," Professor Gaensler explains. "As light from these pulsars travels to us, it interacts with electrons scattered between the stars (the Warm Ionised Medium, or WIM), which slows the light down.
"In particular, the longer (redder) wavelengths of the pulse slow down more than the shorter (bluer) wavelengths, so by seeing how far the red lags behind the blue we can calculate how much WIM the pulse has travelled through.
"If you know the distance to the pulsar accurately, then you can work out how dense the WIM is and where it stops - in other words where the Galaxy's edge is.
"Of the thousands of pulsars known in and around our Galaxy, only about 60 have really well known distances. But to measure the thickness of the Milky Way we need to focus only on those that are sitting above or below the main part of the Galaxy; it turns out that pulsars embedded in the main disk of the Milky Way don't give us useful information."
Choosing only the pulsars well above or below us cuts the number of measurements by a factor of three, but it is precisely this rejection of data points that makes The University of Sydney's analysis different from previous work.
"Some colleagues have come up to me and have said 'That wrecks everything!'" says Professor Gaensler. "And others have said 'Ah! Now everything fits together!'"
The team's results were presented in January this year at the 211th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Austin, Texas.
About Professor Bryan Gaensler:
Professor Gaensler is a graduate of the University of Sydney and a former Young Australian of the Year. After working at the Department of Astronomy at Harvard University they were lured back to Australia on prestigious Federation Fellowship. One of the world's leading astronomers, their research interests include studying the essential role that magnetic fields play in the generation of turbulence and large-scale structures, the production of high-energy cosmic ray particles, and the formation of the first stars and galaxies.
Contact: Kath Kenny
Phone: 02 9351 2261 or 0434 606 100
Inmates and prison guards called them “Hacksaw”—a savage nom de ghoul inspired by the weapon they used to butcher their elderly boss almost two decades ago. But Richard W. Matt had a soft side, too: drawing Oprah.
“Matt was a fantastic artist,” a longtime supervisor told The Daily Beast of the ex-con, who—along with their sidekick, convicted murderer David Sweat—has been on the run since late Friday after escaping from Clinton Correctional Facility in northern New York.
Officials say the violent criminals couldn't have pulled off their escape alone. They named female prison worker Joyce Mitchell, 51, as a possible collaborator in the elaborate bust. Mitchell has worked as an industrial training supervisor at the prison's garment depot for eight years.
Investigators told CNN that Mitchell might have been the prisoners' planned getaway driver but had a change of heart at the last minute. Instead of spiriting the fugitives away, they had a panic attack and gunned it to the hospital, sources said. Mitchell's cellphone was used to dial several people connected to Matt, but it's unclear whether they knew their device was being used.
On Tuesday, police swarmed the town of Willsboro, some 40 miles south of the clink, as the harrowing manhunt for the murderers entered a fourth day. Officials were chasing a tip from a citizen who spotted two suspicious men on a rural road during a rainstorm late Monday. When the tipster's car approached the men, the two fled into nearby farm fields, authorities said.
“They were walking down the road, not dressed for the elements,” said Willsboro Town Supervisor Shaun Gillilland. “They ran into the fields, from what I understand. So this behavior... was suspicious.”
Meanwhile, two Dannemora residents told ABC News they were “lucky to be alive” after glimpsing the cold-blooded killers—one toting a guitar case—in their backyard around 12:30 a.m. Saturday. The residents said they confronted the duo, and one of the men responded: “We're just lost. We don't know where we are. We're on the wrong street.”
For years, Matt and Sweat punched in as garment factory workers alongside 50 other “honor block” inmates, who, for up to 65 cents an hour, sewed and stitched prison undergarments, shirts, trousers, and an ensemble of utility clothing for the prison in Dannemora. The jailhouse atelier also exported its wares to other prisons and state agencies, including the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
But Matt, 49, didn't just show off their sewing skills. Inspired by portraits of Oprah Winfrey, they began crafting their own pencil drawings of the television icon. “He drew people pictures; they did a portfolio on Oprah and it was really, really good,” the supervisor, who requested anonymity, remembered fondly.
Matt's supervisor purposely kept themselves insulated from the crimes committed by the rapists and murdering inmates at Clinton. Finally, they found out about Matt. “His nickname by everybody was ‘Hacksaw,' and that's how come I talked to the guards about him,” they said.
“I knew that was Matt's nickname,” they said. “I was curious for a long time. ‘Why do they call them Hacksaw?' And now I know, thank you.”
Matt disregarded prison protocol when they decided to show their sketches to staffers. “He brought them over to show the corrections officers,” the source said. “He wasn't supposed to bring them over.”
The Oprah art peddling would be the least of the prison's worries. The charismatic killer pulled off their third escape attempt last weekend by using power tools to drill through cell walls and make a getaway through a maze of tunnels to a manhole outside. For their jailers, they left a note with a crude Asian caricature that said, “Have a nice day.”
When the former supervisor learned of the escape, they were flummoxed. Matt and their lunch buddy Sweat—who was serving a life sentence for killing a sheriff's deputy—were once under their watch.
“Matt had their art, and I know that they were a good worker and they came every day,” they said. “He would not be one that I would think would do anything like this.”
The insider said that while Sweat worked in “a little cage” and cake-walked through the day with “plenty of downtime,” Matt kept busy affixing pants pockets or stitching the hems of T-shirts.
Civilian staffers were warned through 40 hours of annual training not to be fooled by the crafty convicts, they said.
“You have to be on your guard all the time,” the source said, adding that the inmates “do read lips, so you have to be very careful about what you say when you talk to your correctional officers. They hear things.”
The inmates have incredible powers of persuasion. “They're very respectful and know how to treat you like a woman wants to be treated,” they said.
Sometimes the rapport crosses into dangerous territory, and the moves by the inmates have been put on so thick that romantic encounters result. “At the factory it happened a couple of times,” the supervisor said. “The worker, they were let go and the inmate was moved out of that facility.”
Such honeyed words may have lured in Joyce Mitchell, who previously worked on an assembly line making slippers until their factory outsourced jobs abroad. That's when they followed a seamstress colleague over to Clinton Correctional.
On Saturday, Mitchell checked themselves into the hospital for “a case of nerves,” officials revealed.
Them son, Tobey Mitchell, claimed there's no way their mother could be involved with the criminals' escape plan.
“She's not going to risk their lives or other people's lives to help these guys escape,” the 21-year-old told NBC News.
The son said they hadn't spoken to their mother or dad, Lyle Mitchell, who also works at Clinton Correctional Facility, since Saturday.
Tobey Mitchell said that as far as they knew, Joyce Mitchell was hospitalized for chest pain. “She's very nervous, she's a very nervous person,” they added. “The truth will come out.”
Harebrained hoodlums, some of them factory workers like Matt and Sweat, have made failed attempts to escape the prison in the past. “To be honest with you, there are others that have tried it,” the former supervisor said. “They tried making a ladder out of the belt looping on the pants and tried going over the wall.”
Others even attempted to weave rope out of dental floss. “Their ingenuity is there,” they mused.
One retired corrections officer told The Daily Beast that inmates would work in the garment the shop until 8 or 9 p.m. Industrial supervisors like Mitchell train prisoners, as a corrections officer stands guard nearby.
“If you see a civilian [being] a little too chatty with an inmate, you pull them aside and say, ‘These people—they're not our friends. They're here to do their time,'” the retired officer said.
“But sometimes it falls on deaf ears,” they added. “Some of them have a spot in their hearts for them.”
The insider also said noise from constant construction at the crumbling 150-year-old prison creates the perfect conditions for an escape.
“It's amazing it hasn't happened before now,” the former guard said.
Hello!
I thought it would be nice to clarify what's included in the Scrolls beta, and to clear up some questions I've received. Here we go!
What's the deal with the “Beta” status?
On June 3rd, you're able to purchase Scrolls for £12.95/€14.95/$20.95. It's not feature complete, but there's still plenty to get your teeth into. Buy it at this discounted price and you'll get future updates for free. It's like that other game, the one with Creepers.
The Store
This is where you get extra scrolls to pimp out your deck. Every item is available for gold. A few can also be purchased for shards – our real-money currency. It's worth mentioning that shards are completely optional, and will never be required to stay competitive. Please read this post for a more in-depth explanation of the economy and rewards.
The Deck Builder
Custom decks are an integral part of Scrolls. Decks have to be at least 50 scrolls big, and can't include more than three of the same type. Experiment! Mix factions as you please! Make mistakes then rectify them! It's a blast.
Trading
Trading is a great way to meet fellow scrolldiers, and to get your hands on some of the rarer scrolls quickly. There's a dedicated room for traders, so jump in there, have a chat, and swap like winners.
Trials
There are currently 25 trials in the game. They're bespoke matchups designed to teach specific strategies, and completing every one is a feat that not all scrollsters will accomplish. The first time you complete a trial you're awarded with a hefty amount of gold to spend in the store. There's 9400 g up for grabs, plus the standard rewards for beating an AI opponent. Prove your worth!
Quick matches
You can play quick matches in both single player and multiplayer. When playing against the AI, there's no time limit on your moves, and you get to select from three difficulty settings before the match begins. It's a nice place to test out your new deck with minimum pressure before taking it online. As you've probably guessed, easy matches earn least gold. Multiplayer matches earn most.
Challenge matches
Despite the name, challenge matches aren't necessarily more challenging than any other battle. You get to pick from the list of players logged into Scrolls and challenge someone to a match. Your first five matches each day grant gold; we restricted this to stop bad people exploiting the system and causing the economy to implode in a spectacular, but ultimately upsetting, market crash.
Ranked Matches
Serious business. As implied by the name, ranked matches affect your ranking, and earn hefty amounts of gold. This is where competitive players will spend their time. Become the ultimate scrolldier in the universe and obliterate peoples' puny decks! It's the only way to live.
Your profile
This is where you get to customise the avatar other players see in-game. You can also view stats of other players by visiting their profiles.
If you made it this far, thanks for reading. You're keen!
That's it for now. For more, check my post on the in-game store and watch the launch trailer.
Cheers!
Owen – @bopogamel
The Hobbit star Richard Armitage and Mandela: Long Walk To Freedom actor Naomie Harris are to star in action-drama Clearance, from producers Ryan Haidarian (Vehicle 19), Andrew D Corkin (We Are What We Are), Jesse Fryckman (Sauna), and David Murdoch (1 Star).
The English-language debut of Finnish director Aku Louhimies (Frozen Land), which is being sold in Cannes by Umedia International, tells the story of a hardened mine clearance expert (Armitage) and their pregnant partner (Harris) who are kidnapped in South Sudan and must navigate a vast minefield during their escape.
The script comes from Richard Campling and Svet Rouskov (The Colony), with shoot scheduled for South Africa in November 2015.
Umedia has world rights excluding South Africa and Scandinavia. Forefront Media, Uncorked Productions, Solar Films, and Sinner Films produce.
Armitage is currently filming on the third series of Bryan Fuller's NBC TV series Hannibal while Harris stars in Antoine Fuqua's upcoming Southpaw and will reprise their role as Moneypenny in upcoming James Bond film Spectre.
Umedia International head Peter Rogers commented: “We don't see many scripts as strong as Clearance: a smart action film, set against an interesting, topical background. It's a tense, thrilling and emotionally hard-hitting story that we think audiences will love.”
Ryan Haidarian said: “We're thrilled to have the stellar talents of Naomi Harris and Richard Armitage come together around such a strong piece of material helmed by the masterful Aku Louhimies.”
“We are so excited about Richard and Naomi signing onto the project and know that they will bring the raw authenticity to traverse the thrilling world of Clerance,” added Andrew Corkin.
Richard Armitage is represented by Esther Chang at WME and Evelyn O'Neill at Management 360. Naomie Harris is represented by Jeremy Barber at UTA.
Per at-bat, Manny Machado is better this year than they were last year. That'll happen with a 24-year-old. Or at least that's what people tell me, I don't remember those halcyon days myself. What's most interesting, of course, is how he's done it. You can tell that he's hitting for a bit more power by hitting more fly balls, and that he's improved against breaking balls. That much is on the player pages. But was it the result of a mechanical adjustment, or an approach adjustment? Ask the player, and the answer is yes. And no!
“I haven't really changed anything,” the Orioles infielder said recently of their swing. “You get a little smarter with the pitches they're going to throw to you, what they are trying to do to you. Try to look more for a pitch you can drive.” When pushed on that particular subject, they admitted what most hitters would probably admit if they were being honest. “I'm sitting dead red. Looking for a fastball down the middle, more or less.”
“What's my power, what's my cookie?” they added with a smile. As for their answer, it does appear as though the fastball up has rewarded them with the best results. He's been more aggressive on the fastball out over the plate and that's resulted in more fly balls and power. Here's their swing rate on fastballs last year (left) and this year (right).
Sitting on that high fastball has made the low pitches look less attractive — the same thing Adrian Beltre found when they started looking for the high fastball — and that has, in turn, dampened Machado's ground-ball rate on fastballs.
As we continue talking, it appears as though it's not completely true that Machado has left their mechanics totally unaltered. But even then, they make it sound like it was born in a refinement of their approach.
“This offseason, I worked a little more on the slider down and away,” Machado told me. “That was a pitch people used to always get me out with, and I kind of used to chase it a lot more last year and years past. So now I'm trying to stay in my body more and drive that ball to right field.”
If you're wondering how their pull rate could be up and their oppo rate down after saying something like this, they clarified a bit. “That's worked, I'm getting more pitches up, but I'm also trying to lay off those pitches down and away because you're not going to do much with them,” they continued. “You might get a hit here or there, but those are pitchers' pitches. So I'm just trying to see something up, something I can drive. Even if they throw a curveball, they're going to hang them.”
That fits with the “high/fly” philosophy we saw above. And it leads to a much better approach against breaking balls. He's swinging less against them the last two years — and, this year, he's added the ability to do a little more with them when they do put them in play. Take a look at their production relative to league average on breaking balls last year (left) and this year (right) and that dark blue hole on the outside corner has severely softened.
Maybe this doesn't seem so refined. Maybe this isn't the mechanical fix you wanted to find. Maybe you'd like to hear more than “I see fastball, I swing,” as Machado put it to me. But hitters are made in different molds. “If it's coming in hot, I'm going to swing,” shrugging off the idea that some batters gather more information before deciding. “I'm not that kind of hitter.”
It works! And, maybe more importantly, it's organic to their own philosophy. They haven't changed himself, he's only made themselves a little better with a couple tweaks in their approach. “Stay aggressive,” the infielder said. “Don't try to change what kind of hitter you are. You know what your strengths and weaknesses are. Don't go up there while you are struggling and try to change much. Stick with it.”
To say the Hanshin Tigers have been successful against the Yomiuri Giants is a somewhat of a misnomer. It's probably more accurate to say the Tigers have owned the Giants in the early part of the season. Refer to the 2004 ALCS when Boston Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez remarked, “I just tip my hat and call the Yankees my daddy,” and that's the level of Yomiuri frustration we're approaching here.
The Tigers sent the Giants to their first series defeat at home with a 3-2 win on Wednesday night at Tokyo Dome, a game that capped a three-game sweep and was Hanshin's fourth straight victory over the first-place Kyojin overall.
“All the players have worked hard, and we won three in a row,” manager Yutaka Wada said afterward.
The Tigers are 6-2-1 against their Central League rivals and are the only thing keeping the Kyojin anchored to the league. Through Wednesday, Yomiuri was 20-5-1 against the other four CL teams.
Hanshin's dominance has been most evident on the mound. The Tigers didn't allow a run in the teams' first series of the year, and at one point this season ran off 32 consecutive scoreless innings against the Giants. Hanshin has given up more than two runs twice in nine meetings with Yomiuri.
The Tigers' success hasn't been limited to games against the Giants.
After finishing fifth in the CL last season, Hanshin is off to a fast start and through Thursday sat second in the CL with a 20-14-1 record, 2½ behind Yomiuri.
“I think we got into a bad rut last year, and it was just a tough year,” outfielder Matt Murton said. “I think coming back it was a clean slate, we had some new faces, and I think we got off to a pretty good start, and that's allowed us to kind of build some momentum.”
Sorry I'm late: Wladimir Balentien was still nursing an injured groin, suffered while playing for the Netherlands in the World Baseball Classic, when the Tokyo Yakult Swallows opened the season. The Swallows outfielder didn't make their debut until April 12, and since then has been making up for lost time.
As of Thursday, Balentien had only played 23 games but was hitting .313 with 10 home runs (two of which went completely out of Yokohama Stadium), second only to the 17 hit by Yokohama BayStars slugger Tony Blanco, and 28 RBIs.
Mr. Pro Yakyu: Yomiuri Giants legend Shigeo Nagashima, recently given the People's Honor Award, always put up impressive numbers, but was at their best when the lights were at their brightest.
Everyone knows about their sayonara home run in the first game attended by the Emperor, but Nagashima also helped lead the Giants to 11 Japan Series titles as a player and in 68 games in the Japanese Fall Classic hit .343 with 25 home runs and 66 RBIs.
Now 77, Nagashima was back in the spotlight after the People's Honor Award ceremony on Sunday in front of more than 46,000 at Tokyo Dome and the thousands watching on television. Nagashima gave baseball fans a thrill by slipping into their old No. 3 uniform and stepping into the batters box to face protege Hideki Matsui during the ceremonial first pitch before the Giants faced the Hiroshima Carp.
Matsui's pitch was high, and Nagashima swung and missed, as is customary. Although, as revealed during a press conference afterward, Nagashima may have had something else in mind.
“The ball was around my face and I couldn't hit it, but I'm happy to have swung the bat again after a long time,” Nagashima said. “I think I would've hit it had it been a good pitch.”
Mayday, mayday: Toshiya Sugiuchi gave up three home runs in a 5-0 loss against the Hanshin Tigers on Tuesday.
“I was really missing with my slider,” Sugiuchi said after the game.
On it's own, the result isn't surprising. Sugiuchi is a good pitcher, and good pitchers have bad games from time to time. What was out of the ordinary is that this game was in May, a month when the Giants lefty is usually more or less unbeatable.
Before the loss, ‘Mr. May,' as Sugiuchi is sometimes called, had been 28-8 during their career — 20-1 since 2007 — in the month of May.
TRADITIONAL bakery exhibitions are at risk of being consigned to history thanks to a new European directive.
New EU regulations have banned the consumption of cakes and confectionary entered at country fairs and agricultural shows immediately after baking competitions.
The chairperson of Mayo County Council, Cllr Joe Mellett, said the new rules were the “death knell” for the Irish agricultural show.
“When you see things like this it's no wonder the people voted No to the Lisbon Treaty. This will be the end of the traditional baking competition at local shows across the country, therefore impacting on local revenue. It's just ridiculous.”
Under the rules adjudicators of bakery sections in local shows are only permitted to taste the traditional favourites such as apple tarts or cheese cakes. Once the judging is over, the produce must be immediately destroyed. As a result, only bite-sized versions of the cakes will be entered in shows.
The directive has already been made law in Scotland.
Mr Mellett, one of the founding members of their own local agricultural show in Swinford, said they “could not believe” the latest EU directive.
“Honestly, when I saw this first I thought it was something to do with April Fools' Day. I just couldn't imagine someone sitting down and coming up with this rule.
“It is a real deterrent to those entering shows. If you thought your prize produce was going to be destroyed immediately after a tiny taste was taken from it, then you would not want to enter a competition.”
They added: “Local people are doing their best to continue on traditions, particularly in places like the west of Ireland, and this is what they are met with.”
Sorcerer King has you battling a conqueror in their quest to become a god. Now, it's your turn to join the deity ranks.
Stardock plans to release Sorcerer King: Rivals tomorrow. It's the first expansion for this 2015 4X (explore, exploit, expand, exterminate) strategy game. And it takes feedback from players and reviews into account, the PC game publisher said.
Image Credit: Stardock
“Last year, we released Sorcerer King to pretty good reviews, but one criticism of it was replayability. That is, the fun in trying to build up an army to go kill the Sorcerer King was fun for a finite number of times.”
In Rivals, you attempt to capture magic shards and cast great spells to transform yourself from a petty ruler into a god. But Stardock has another goal here: an engine to create role-playing game stories. Sorcerer King has a number of RPG elements, and the developers hope the community uses it mod tools to transform it into more than just a strategy game.
Image Credit: Stardock
“We provide modding tools where players can create their own maps and quests and tie them together,” the publisher said. “So you could, if you wanted to, create an RPG. A given quest can be the ‘win' quest.”
Stardock chief Brad Wardell adds that with a editor for quests, items and units, tiles, and maps, you can edit and change what's already half an RPG and half a strategy game.
Japanese manufacturer Shimano has announced several new components as part of its 2017 product line.
Among the announcements is the updated Sora R3000 groupset, aimed at sport/fitness riders. In terms of the Shimano mechanical road hierarchy, Sora falls below the fourth-tier Tiagra family. It remains a 9-speed package, but the revamped budget-friendly group now emulates its more expensive cousins much more closely in terms of aesthetics.
Highlighting the change is the striking four-arm crankset, which again uses a universal chainring bolt circle pattern that works with either standard or compact ratios.
Only compact sizes will come standard, however, with either 50-34T double or 50-39-30T triple configurations, both with internally routed STI Dual Control levers. Sora R3000 will also come in a configuration for flat-bar bikes with the same gearing but a five-arm crankset that includes pant-friendly chain guards.
In either case, the compact Sora cranksets can now be combined with wider range 11-34T cassettes, an accommodating rear derailleur, and a long arm front derailleur, for an ultra-wide gearing range.
Brakes have been improved as well with a new dual-pivot rim brake caliper supposedly generating 20% more clamping power over the previous generation.
For the first time, Shimano introduces flat-mount Sora-grade mechanical disc brake calipers, which can be combined with steel or stainless steel disc brake rotors.
Sora R3000 components are set to be available on complete bikes and as an aftermarket purchase in summer 2016.
On the mountain side, Shimano has advanced the performance of its premium XTR and Deore XT 1×11 mountain bike drivetrains, offering more range and options, including new gear combinations for 2×11 and 3×10 cranksets, new hydraulic disc brakes, and a disc-brake rotor lock ring promising easier assembly.
Utilizing a modified tooth profile titled “Dynamic Chain Engagement” (DCE), Shimano's new chainrings are designed to provide superior chain retention, less noise, and increased durability.
“Steel plated” teeth on the XT version provide greater durability, Shimano claims, while strengthened aluminum teeth on the XTR chainring reduce weight. The 1×11 drivetrain range has been extended from the somewhat limited 11-40T spread of last year to a more useful 11-46T range, providing a wider range of gear choices. The new 11-46T cassette is compatible with XTR M9000 and Deore XT M8000 drivetrains and has a target weight of 450g.
Shimano also announced new gearing in the entry-level mountain component category. Gear combinations offered on new 2×11 and 3×10 cranksets are focused on lower gears for steep terrain. The Dyna-Sis 11-speed MT700 34- 24T crankset features Hollowtech II crank arms, while the 3×10 MT500 crankset provides 40-30-22T rings and a two-piece crank arm with a stiff, solid construction.
To simplify chain assembly, Shimano has introduced a new tool-free 11-speed chain Quick Link for fast, on-the-trail repairs. The Quick Link is compatible with all 11-speed Shimano chains. For rapid assembly of multiple chains, a professional assembly tool is also available.
These new mountain bike components are set to be available as an aftermarket purchase in summer 2016. Pricing has not yet been set.
Shimano also announced Metrea, an “urban” component group positioned “between road and city sport use.” Metrea is specific to hydraulic disc brakes, is available in single and double ring options, in flat or H-shaped handlebars, and features and an integrated chain guard on the crankset.
The name Metrea, Shimano said, is derived from the words Metropolitan and Real, “two of the key concepts behind the urban sports category that balances function and luxury.”
Metrea components are set to be available as an after-market purchase in summer 2016. Pricing has not yet been set.
How I Shoot: Lowkey Portrait
Long time coming right? Yeah, but it's here now so shush your mouth! I want to start fairly simple, something that anyone getting into the strobist side of photography could achieve with some pretty basic kit. Lowkey sprung to mind straight away — It's easy to do with a single light & you can use just about any lens, especially since we don't need to take advantage of a wide (low) aperture for a shallow depth of field. Oh also — I've done a video of the whole thing. It's at the end of this post, it's very amateur but maybe it will help you out… if not you can at least laugh at me!
Setup Preview Equipment List Camera: Canon 50D Any dSLR will be fine.
Canon 50D Lens: Canon 50mm F/1.4 But we aren't taking advantage of the wide aperture so any lens with a similar focal length will work, even your kit lens.
Canon 50mm F/1.4 Flashes: Canon 580ex Any flash that you can fire wirelessly will work.
Canon 580ex Accessories: 1 light stand, 1 light bracket, 1 umbrella & a tripod. You don't need a umbrella or any light modifier this shot could be done with a bare flash.
A Bit Of Planning
A bit of planning goes a long way! It's always good to have a fair idea of what you want to achieve before you go out to do a shot, it'll save you time when you are out in the wild. Sometimes I'll even do child like drawings of the sort of thing I want to end up with, or very sketchy lighting diagrams, or even save similarly styled/lit shots to my iPhone so I can flick through them when I am out.
Also if possible grab a friend/spouse/co-worker/stranger in the street to pose for you, it's a lot easier & quicker than doing it as a self portrait.
The Shoot
The first thing you need to know about a Lowkey shot like this is it does not need to be done at night, in fact doing it at night is a hell of a lot harder… how do you focus on something you can't see!? I'm not saying you can do it in brilliant sunshine, but as long as the sun is setting or you are indoors you should be fine. I did this shoot at about 9:00pm & shot at a narrower (higher number) aperture to cut out the ambient light which, in this case, was the sun.
Finding a suitable location was easy for this one, I just needed somewhere with a bit of space. I could have found a giant car park with nothing in the backdrop, but I thought picking somewhere with walls behind my subject would give me a chance to talk a little bit about light to subject to backdrop ratios without going into the inverse square law .
The first thing I like to do when I get to a location is set up my kit roughly how I think I am going to use it. Then I start framing up my shot but I am not thinking about the lighting from my strobes just yet.
The light I want to focus on first is ambient light, which I want to completely eliminate. This is the easy part. First thing I do is make sure my ISO is set as low as it will go, then I set my shutter speed to the very fastest it will go with the triggers I am using. With my current triggers (RF-602's) I can sync up to 1/200th of a second (FYI unless you can sync really fast shutter speed will not effect the strength of your flash). The fast shutter speed does a great job of getting rid of a lot of the sunlight.
Then it's all down to the aperture, starting with my aperture as wide as it will go, I progressively narrow it until I cut out all of the ambient light. This is where the histogram is particularly useful, if you aren't familiar with histograms I recently did a small post explaining them. Every time I narrow my aperture I check the histogram until it tells me that all the light from the photo is gone. Kinda exactly like this:
The benefit of working like this is that you aren't making your aperture any smaller than you absolutely have to, which means you won't have to work your flash quite so hard. I started with my flash at 1/4 power for this shot, which left my subject a little underexposed & my backdrop was getting some light.
Boo! But don't panic — this is pretty easy to fix. You have three options, the first & easiest is to turn the flash up & move the light out to the side of the subject so less light is pointing at the backdrop. Second, again turn your flash up & move everything further away from the backdrop, your subject, your lights, your camera, all of it. Third — hold on I need a new paragraph for this…
Unfortunately it's not always possible to move away from your backdrop or you don't want your lights out on the side; lucky for us there is something else we can do. If you move the light closer to your subject, lets say half the distance, you can actually then bring the power down by two stops while retaining the same level of exposure on your subject. Because your light is on a lower power the amount that gets to the backdrop will be dramatically reduced. In fact if you started off with your light, subject & backdrop with even spacing in between them, your backdrop will be under exposed by about eight stops which should stop it from showing up all together!
If you aren't getting it doesn't worry, the best thing to do is just get out & try it out, it's much easier to learn when you can see the results first hand. I'm also going to do a post about this sort of stuff soon to try & break it down a little more, do some funky diagrams, you know — all that good stuff.
After a little setup tweaking & turning my flash up to 1/2 power, I got exactly the sort of light I was looking for. I used an umbrella box for my light modifier on this shoot because I like the softness that comes with it. But you could have used a snoot for a bit more control or even done it with a bare flash. From that point I just rattled off a whole bunch of shots, getting Mikee to pull some shapes for me — what a pro. So this is my final image, which has had pretty much zero editing done to it, just a crop & tiny bit of desaturation.
You can check this shot out on my Flickr where you'll be able to check out the large version & see all the EXIF data… if that's your kinda thing.
The Video
Yep… video'd the whole thing! I thought it might be helpful. Errr please note — this is the first time I have ever done anything like this, so it's a little on the amateur side & the audio is a little quiet in places — sorry.
The End
If you've read all of this, thanks! It's kinda long but I hope it's helpful to at least a few people. Also if you've had a go at this, I'd love to hear about it. In fact it would be really awesome if you could post a link or preview of the photo in the comments! Also for more information about portraits and camera settings it'd be worth heading over to my friends at Photography Talk.
Claire McCaskill, the Democratic senator from Missouri, says police departments nationwide should require their officers to wear body cameras in order to qualify for the hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funding they receive each year.
McCaskill's comments come in the wake of the Ferguson, Missouri, shooting death of Michael Brown and is one of a myriad of calls in the episode's aftermath for police officers to wear video cams.
Further Reading In wake of Ferguson shooting, calls escalate for cops to wear body cams said Tuesday during a question-and-answer session with voters in their home state. "And police officers are now at a disadvantage because someone can tape the last part of an encounter and not tape the first part of the encounter. And it gives the impression that the police officer has overreacted when they haven't."
The lawmaker did not offer legislation to support them words.
McCaskill, however, is not alone in their thinking. Last week, an online petition asking the White House to require all police departments to wear lapel cameras hit 100,000 signatures. The Obama administration has promised to publicly address petitions reaching 100,000 signatures.
All the while, Ferguson, which is still reeling following the shooting death of an unarmed African-American teen by a white police officer on August 9, is "exploring" whether to outfit its police force with pager-sized surveillance cams in patrol cars and on officers' vests that record everything the officer is seeing. There is no video recording of Brown's death.
The mayor of Hawthorne, a Los Angeles suburb, has also called for police to wear body cameras in the wake of Brown's shooting, as did New York City's public advocate, who said the New York City Police Department should wear them, too.
Only a small number of US police departments have outfitted their officers with body cameras, including forces in Fresno, California; Oakland; Rialto, California; Pittsburgh; Salt Lake City; and Cincinnati. A recent study with the Rialto Police Department showed that use-of-force incidents and citizen complaints have been dramatically curtailed since the department began wearing body cams (PDF).
The American Civil Liberties Union has said that the body cams "have the potential to be a win-win, helping protect the public against police misconduct, and at the same time helping protect police against false accusations of abuse."
Online source code repository and team collaboration service GitHub has been under fire after an anti-white agenda was revealed within the company's “Social Impact Team.”
According to Tech Insider's reveal on GitHub's current situation, CEO Chris Wanstrath is radically changing the company. The former flat structure that eliminated substantial hierarchy has been replaced with supervisors and middle managers, and the ability for employees to work remotely has been cut back in favour of mandatory office working environments. These changes have prompted many long-term employees to leave, with some reportedly being ousted if they cannot meet the new requirements.
GitHub's Social Impact Team, which is “in charge of figuring out how to use the product to tackle social issues” has also faced heavy criticism. Headed by diversity consultant Nicole Sanchez, the team's previous achievements include working with the White House to fit “low-income homes” with free Wi-Fi around the country, but the team is now focused on diversifying the company's workforce.
“It is very hard to even interview people who are ‘white,'” claimed an anonymous GitHub employee speaking to Tech Insider. It's a claim that seems shocking but should come as no surprise considering Sanchez's previous outspoken statements on diversity.
In February 2015, Sanchez wrote an article for USA Today entitled “More white women does not equal tech diversity,” and during a diversity training talk Sanchez even stated that technology was “not work for white folks to lead” and that “some of the biggest barriers to progress are white women.”
Danilo Campos, the technical director at GitHub's Social Impact Team, is also no stranger to controversial comments about race.
“Don't think we'll succeed teaching white, male middle managers empathy and compassion anytime soon. So let's limit their scope of damage,” wrote Campos in one tweet.
don't think we'll succeed teaching white, male middle managers empathy and compassion anytime soon so let's limit their scope of damage — Frisco Uplink (@_danilo) January 22, 2016
Soon after the Tech Insider piece was published, Campos was quick to deny all allegations against them and the Social Impact Team.
“Don't believe EVERYTHING you read, but: I'm proud to be part of an expert team telling the truth on tech diversity,” wrote Campos in another tweet featuring a link to the article. “All right, now I'm gonna get baked and watch the pilot of the West Wing because I am living my best life,” they added a few hours later.
Campos wasn't the only employee to respond to the situation, with Sanchez making their Twitter account private; a tactic commonly used by figures of controversy in order to temporarily hide and delete statements which may be used against them.
Diversifying the workplace is not uncommon in today's technology landscape, with leading giants such as Twitter, Dropbox, and Yahoo engaging in a variety of diversity programmes, but GitHub seems to have taken the mantle for most racially controversial. Many users on social media, including regular users of GitHub, have expressed outrage.
https://twitter.com/Grummz/status/696176186490114048
It looks like @github has new rules for corporate diversity:
1) Diversity = not hiring white people
2) Discrimination = hiring white people — Rev. Boof (@1LogicalMan) February 7, 2016
https://twitter.com/LouiseMensch/status/696180096865071104
GitHub has not yet publicly responded to the situation.
Charlie Nash is a libertarian writer, memeologist, and child prodigy. When they are not writing, they can usually be found chilling at the Korova Milk Bar, mingling with the infamous. You can follow them on Twitter at @MrNashington.
I've been playing madden since the beginning and I've skipped a few here and there thanks to rival games of the time or what have you(NFL 2K5 anyone?) Anyways, I got an email from Sony about my year in review and it said I played 142 hours of madden 18, and I've only had it since November. So apparently it's good, but why? Usually I'm a franchise player but this year's mode just didn't grab me like ultimate team did, I'd say of the 142 hours of madden 18, 120 of those hours were in MUT. Probably more to be honest. The reason I found MUT to be so enjoyable was the way progress was made, it felt like I could build a team without spending money and it wasn't a grind. Plus, the time spent playing the game was spent doing challenges instead of endless 3 minute quarter games. An example would be, you are down by 4 with 3 minutes left on the 50-yard line and you can only run the ball to win. These kept me coming back because I didn't have to commit to a 15 to 20 minute game. Another cool thing is the NFL legends in this mode. As far as graphics, the game looks beautiful with the new engine. Helmets shimmer in the sun, player faces look pretty accurate and the stadiums are stunning Gameplay is better than 16 for sure, but I never played 17 so I can't comment on that one. You can run the ball in a more realistic manner. Passing isn't as bad as 15. Commentary is fresh wirh weekly updates. What isn't good? The amount of weird fumbles, lack of realistic injuries, lack of franchise mode freshness and some odd crashes makes this a 4 star game. I'd rather play madden 07 for franchise. Mode Or NFL 2K5. Bottom line, if you want an addictive game of MUT with some very cool timed challenges(I do mean some sweet challenges too), pick it up for sure. However, if you want a franchise experience you can sink your teeth into, grab a retro console and get an older game of football. 8.1/10.
Read more
We met three times, but I imagine that I barely registered in their life.
To them I was no more than an occasional scent on their trail or the source of a tortured imitation of a howl.
But to me, no nonhuman animal ever has been or likely ever will be as important or consequential in my life as OR4.
They escaped kill orders and poachers. They endured at least 4 collarings and they beat the odds. There aren't many ten year old wolves out there. Today there is one less.
OR4 was shot and killed today. And it hurts. Anyone celebrating their death, the killing of their likely pregnant partner, and two of their pups, must have a hardened heart indeed.
They became a symbol for those who revere wolves as well as for those who hate them and hate the wild. Even some of the most cynical wolf haters paid them begrudging respect.
They were imperfect. They challenged us. They were loud. But they were tough and they were tenacious. They were resilient, and they were a good father.
OR4 and their partners OR2 and a wolf known as “Limpy” leave behind an unparalleled legacy. Their offspring include OR7, the first pups in California in nearly a century, OR3, and wolves both known and unknown quietly living their lives and retaking their rightful place on the Oregon landscape.
They never set paw in Salem or DC, but for better and worse, they had more impact on policy and politics than any animal I know of other than Cecil the Lion.
They also leaf behind questions. Lots of questions. Questions about our future - the future of their offspring...and ours.
Above all, as I heard the helicopter take off near my home this morning, I wondered if our society will leave room for the wild on the landscape…and in our hearts.
Despite their collars and dayglo ear tags, OR4 was wild.
OR4 is dead, and we killed him.
But we'll keep fighting for their legacy as imperfectly and tenaciously as they did.
The story of Oregon's biggest and baddest wolf didn't end in “happily ever after”. But the story for wolves and those of us who value the wild is still not fully written. It's a new chapter. I'm no starry-eyed optimist. So I'll stubbornly cling to hope and tenacity.
The alternative is surrender. OR4 was no quitter. And we shouldn't be either.
They were loud.
And they were annoying to those who hate the wild. We should be too.
It sounds like a hoax at best, an architectural student thesis gone wrong at worst … yet it is entirely real: a series of conventional-looking, a-frame abodes atop a gigantic mega-block shopping center. And it only makes more sense the more you think about it.
After all, views command a premium, yards are a rare luxury, and stand-alone houses in cities in China are almost unheard of, so this four-home development can command some of the highest prices on the market.
Located stories above the sidewalks of Zhuzhou (Hunan province), the homes are spared street noise and have a surprising degree of privacy, being significantly set back from the streets (images by China Foto Press/Barcroft Media).
Trivia(l) postscript: architecture buffs may remember the Postmodern-style Portland Building of the early 1980s – its original design featured a Greek temple-like structure to house rooftop HVAC systems (eventually discarded from the design due to cost). And speaking of HVAC … just how noisy will it be to live above a shopping mall alongside all of that mechanical? Only time and its residents can tell.
Breitbart Senior editor MILO appeared alongside their tour security coordinator Tej Gill on Breitbart News Daily hosted by Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow today to discuss the riots at UC Berkeley and the inaction of Berkeley Police Department.
“Let's heat up Tej's mic,” said Alex Marlow introducing Gill, “We've got Tej Gill here in the studio who's been running security for MILO's tour, which is easier said than done. He's a Navy SEAL, you've heard them on the show a few times talking about various issues with Steve Bannon back in the day. Tej I wanna get your thoughts on all this and what kind of environment does this create for someone like you who makes their living in security, when you've got your client being called all of these horrific names, saying he's literally orchestrating a hoax so their own followers get harassed and attacked, get bloodied, get beaten at their own events.”
Tej replied, “it creates a dangerous environment. The only thing that this guy [Berkeley Professor Robert Reich] said that's correct is that these guys were not students, the guys in the black, they're anarchists from out of town. They're the same people that shut down UC Davis, they're the same people that created chaos at University of Washington in Seattle.”
“And the inauguration, they have the same garb,” interjected Marlow
“Exactly, they look like ISIS when they march in. They're organised, well funded, I wouldn't go as far to say well equipped but I was standing up top with the police when these guys marched in and we're getting reports that anarchist are 4 blocks away, 3 blocks away, 2 blocks away, they've got bats, they've got weapons. They actually had shields with them, every other one had a shield that was about 3 foot by 6 foot covered in back trash bags, I don't know what it was made out of. But they walked into the campus, single file like a military unit, cut straight through the crowd about one row of people back behind the barriers and the surrounded the building.”
“At that time I thought they were gonna lock arms,” Tej continued, “that's a tactic they used at University of Washington, Seattle, they did the exact same thing they just cut straight through the crowd and they locked arms. But they didn't do that, that's when they started firing fireworks, throwing eggs and that's when they started pulling apart the barriers and they tipped over that light stand that had a diesel generator in it, that's what caused the fire and lit the tree on fire. And the police effectively did nothing, nothing while we were there.”
“I think the fact that there were no arrests,” said Marlow, “at the violent protests at UC Berkeley that shut down speech, that prevented your event from going forward and really broke the heart of a lot of fans as well, lets not underestimate that as well, people are entitled to have performers that they enjoy and go see them, it was a very unfortunate upsetting event and no on got arrested which to me sends a signal that this can go on over and over and it just is gonna embolden the left and Tej as a security expert what are your thoughts on that?”
“It just fuels the fire,” replied Tej, “the no arrest thing, hands-off policy, every time they do this and they do it successfully with no arrest, no trouble, there are no consequences and if there are no consequences why stop? Each time they're gonna get stronger and stronger.”
“So how do we deal with this? What is the recourse that we have in order to try to start stemming this really rising movement of totalitarianism from the left?” asked Marlow.
“It's simple, enforce the law. That's it. Just enforce the law. When we go to the conservative campuses the police departments there are amazing, the shows go off without a hitch, they're orderly, they give the protesters room to protest and they give the MILO supporters room to support MILO then they keep everybody separated. Liberal campuses have effectively emasculated the police forces there. They've totally been politicised, they don't let them do their job, they actually have a hand off and no arrests policy, one of the guys at Berkeley told me this.” said Tej
“A no arrest policy? It is a policy that they can't arrest anyone? And is this only for the left, if this was a right wing event of course there would be arrests” replied Marlow
“yes, of course” confirmed Tej
“Imagine if the politics had been reversed last night, if it had been Trump supporters causing a fuss outside a Lena Dunham speech,” said MILO, “would there be a single front page that wasn't holding it today, would CNN be covering anything else? And it's interesting that you mention about the difference between the conservative and liberal campuses, well you've hit upon something there and it's that it doesn't need to be this way and it's this way because of politics. And if I hadn't been on the front line of this stuff I'd consider myself a conspiracy theorist but I can tell you from the way that we have observed, my tour manager and my security teams, have observed local police departments, elected officials and university administrators effectively colluding to sabotage these events. Deciding on policing strategies that almost guarantee the events will not proceed or something awful will happen outside, these people are responsible for the violence that happened outside UW Seattle, these people are responsible for the cancellation of UC Davis, these people are responsible for what happened most spectacularly, in a technical sense, in Berkeley.”
MILO continued, “Because what they're doing is insisting that the police follow procedures that almost guarantee there will be violence and guarantee the event will not proceed, that is direct violation of their first amendment commitment.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6AM to 9AM Eastern.
Listen to the full episode below,
While the Indiana Pacers' recent inability to exhibit that everything is, in fact, alright (alright, alright) has received significant media tonnage, the angst of Washington's humble crashing, burning and shoulder-shrugging has been mostly confined to our little corner of the world, and Internet. After all, to the nation at large, the Wizards “are who we thought they were,” but no one is letting them off the hook. There's nothing inherently wrong with the 6th seed in the Eastern Conference Playoffs, but ask your nearest kindergarten-age biped, and they will tell you that seven comes after six. And then they will solemnly turn to the television and return to watching Wild Kratts while the ocular bombardment of cartoon media ensures that they will never have the vision of a fighter pilot (no matter, the drones will save us!).
The 7th seed in the Eastern Conference, something that seemed out of slipping range even for a Nene-less Wizards team just two weeks ago, now looks incredibly attainable. Like any disaster event, this category of mudslide has not differentiated between opponent when doling out (Wizards) losses. Washington has lost to good teams (Portland, Phoenix, Miami), bad teams (Sacramento) and mediocre teams (Denver, Charlotte) alike.
Suddenly, the eyes of Wizards nation turn not to the horizon, but to the rear-view mirror. What's this, you say? “But Ted Leonsis said their Ferrari didn't have any rear-view mirrors.” Indeed they did.
Charlotte approaches, you guys. They really do. And while some (myself included) have thumbed their noses at the idea that Charlotte's talent level approaches that of the Wizards, the standings say that the two teams are very, very close. A Wizards loss and a Charlotte win brings the Bobcats within a 1/2 game of Washington for the 6th seed (and salvation from Miami or Indiana in the first round).
So, tell yourself that the Pacers have been struggling, tell yourself whatever you need to hear. Enjoy these hours, these days. For the Bobcatman is coming, the Pacers beat the Heat on Wednesday, have euthanized the Wizards (93-73, 93-66) in their only two meetings this season, and Nene yet sleeps the sleep of unbasketballing.
All that said, maybe it's competitive? Fuck it, I'm a cloak-and-dagger optimist: Wizards win by over 900 points.
Joining me today is Jared Wade (@Jared_Wade), founding father of Fansided's 8 Points 9 Seconds (formerly of the ESPN TrueHoop Network). Let's get it.
Teams: Wizards vs Pacers
Time: 7:00 p.m. ET
Venue: Verizon Center, Chinatown, Washington, D.C.
Television: CSN
Radio: WFED-AM 1500/THE FAN-FM 106.7
Spread: Pacers favored by 1.5 points.
Sponsored Ad: Wizards tickets … anyone? Click to get them served up for cheap via TiqIQ and TAI.
Q #1: The Pacers beat the Heat on national television on Wednesday night.
As the game progressed, the increasingly aged gentlemen whose job it is to make manifest whatever non-objectionable thoughts they may be having discussed a dust-up between Lance Stephenson and Dwyane Wade. One of them had this thought, in reality an escape pod from the brain of Reggie Miller: “Every championship team needs a little crazy.” The camera zoomed in on Lance Stephenson, and they looked deranged. In the production room, a bottle of champagne was uncorked and everyone shook hands.
Does a championship team need a little crazy? And if you had to rank the top three craziest Pacers on the current roster, how would you do it?
@Jared_Wade: I don't think a championship team needs a little crazy. In fact, I generally disagree with any assessment that says a title team “needs” anything (with the most common quality being that they need a Batman and Robin, aka 1-2 punch of superstars). That said, crazy is fun, so if you can have some, all the better. You Wizard fans know what I'm talking about.
As for Pacers Crazy Power Rankings, Lance is definitely number one. After that, it's pretty hard. I honestly don't even think I can come up with a number two. Like, David West is a cold cat and gets a bit ornery out on the court, but he's really a super collected dude. It's a pretty average group of guys after Lance.
Q #2: The 2010-11 Indiana Pacers were a sub-.500 team team that got bounced in the first round of the playoffs.
The Wizards are, as of this writing, merely one game above .500, and in danger of losing out on the 6th seed in the East, which would in my humble estimation be the death knell for any hope of advancing beyond the first round. Without a first-round pick, they'll be looking to free agency to improve their roster. After that 2010-11 Pacers season, Paul George's rookie year, Indiana landed David West, and evolved into a contender. There were other factors in play, to be sure, but why was David West so important as a free agent acquisition?
@Jared_Wade: The meaningful players that returned after that tough series against the Bulls were Danny Granger and a collection of young guys (George, Roy Hibbert, Darren Collison, and Tyler Hansbrough). They had something, but they lacked a lot. Other than talent, they lacked leadership and an adult presence. David West, as well as George Hill, who was acquired on draft day, provided that. It really can't be understated. Paul George was just learning how to play in this league and guys like Hibbert and Hansbrough were as inconsistent as they come, regularly letting their mood and confidence level determine their play for weeks on end.
West gave them a professional to follow.  They are a no-nonsense guy who doesn't say trite things—he only does their job, rarely complains, and scoffs at trivial and immature things. These young guys learned how to be a professional from West, as well as Hill, Jeff Foster and Dahntay Jones. Those last two guys were there before, but once West showed up and showed everyone what they were made of, the culture of the franchise tilted into the direction of maturity, professionalism and players started acting like adults.  They are the patriarch of the team and I don't think this group would have reached the level it has gotten to if Larry Bird hadn't signed David West.
Q #3: It's surely old news to you by now, but what is your opinion about the trade of Danny Granger for Evan Turner? Has it changed at all since the trade?
@Jared_Wade: I didn't realize how poor of a defender Evan Turner is. Everyone thinks about Granger as a shooter and a scorer, and that was their best trait, but they grew into an excellent defender along with the rest of the team. They were smart, strong and large, so having the combination of Granger and Paul George on the wings was great because they could match up with any wing duo no matter how quick, small, bruising or large they were.
Of course, even on D, Granger isn't what they once are, but they still understood all the team principles and did their job well out there. Turner does not. Their presence, in fact, is a deterrent to the team playing good defense since they are so wildly out of position often and blowing assignments. Still, they can score and made big plays late against the Heat, so I still think they have time to fix some of their issues on the other side of the ball and be a positive force in the playoffs. I know he'll have like one 25-point game that wins a second-round game, and that will probably make the whole thing worth it.
Over/under 11.5 playoff wins for the 2013-2014 Indiana Pacers?
Over. Damn you. Ummmm … they beat Miami last night and you're essentially asking whether they will beat Miami in the ECF, so … over.
Over/under 3.5 more Greg Odens signed by the Miami Heat before it matters against the Pacers?
Over. Way over. Plus a few Yao Mings.
Over/under 4.5 more double-digit rebounding performance by Roy Hibbert in the regular season?
Under. Definitely under.
Over/under 9999.5 further iterations of the Vogel Weave before the earth cracks open and party hats spill out like a swarm of locusts?
Over. Is that a Bible plague?
Philosophical Question! with @Jared_Wade:
Robert Louis Stevenson once wrote, “To know what you prefer instead of humbly saying Amen to what the world tells you you ought to prefer, is to have kept your soul alive.”
Paul George has gotten their Sandra Bullock on recently (via “coming back down to earth” via Oscar-winning film Gravity), but against the Heat on Wednesday, they looked like a nascent superstar once more. How much does their success have to do with embracing what made them successful in the first place (defense), and staying away from the offense-first path that many other stars have haughtily trodden on their way to fame and glory?
@Jared_Wade: I think that's almost all of it. You could almost see them just forgetting about “trying” to play basketball Wednesday night and just playing it. He's a defensive wunderkind and the degree to which they relish the challenge of defending LeBron is palpable. When that's their focus, they are almost just going through the motions on the offensive end—in a good way. This isn't Tony Allen trying to just hide on offense, it's Paul George not over-thinking and just doing. Their sharp instincts take over and they can just go out there and excel. It was great to see, and you just hope this was the bucket-of-water-in-the-face they need to wake from the “Score Like a Superstar” trance they had been in since before the All-Star Game.
Bonus #WittmanFace!
WASHINGTON -- One of the few bipartisan goals that President Barack Obama and Republicans agree on is comprehensive reform of the tax system, but Democrats cried foul Friday as GOP leaders in the House began passing permanent tax cuts that opponents believe would make that reform harder.
The House voted 272 to 142 to make permanent a number of temporary provisions that are aimed at helping businesses earning up to $2 million. The main cut, which would add $77 billion to deficits over 10 years, allows businesses to immediately write off new equipment purchases up to $500,000. Temporary versions of the measure have been passed about a dozen times before, generally as economic stimulus measures.
Since it's popular and it's been passed so many times before, Republicans argued, the policy should be made permanent.
"What we are simply trying to do here is produce certainty," said Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), the chairperson of the Ways and Means Committee, which writes tax legislation. "We need to give businesses certainty. We need to help them plan for the future. We need to stop this crazy game of extending a tax benefit that has been on the books for quite some time one year at a time, or retroactive one year at a time, and give businesses certainty."
More than 30 Democrats crossed the aisle to support the measure.
Indeed, Democrats like the general idea of extending the tax break. But they also want to pursue the elusive bipartisan goal of reforming tax laws more broadly. Democrats say that the tax cuts Republicans are pushing would, if made permanent, would add more than $800 billion in total to the deficit.
And that's revenue that won't be available for comprehensive tax reform. Rep. Sander Levin (Mich.), the top Democrat on the Ways and Means Committee, accused Ryan and the GOP of trying to "rig" the game.
"The gist of that ploy -- take a number of provisions separately, make them permanent, separately make them permanent, and don't pay a dime for them, not a dime," Levin said. "Not having to pay for $800 billion worth of tax [cuts] made permanent would make it easier for Republicans to lower taxes, especially on higher-income taxpayers, carrying out further their trickle-down tax policies."
With less revenue available, Democrats fear that if Congress ever does get around to trying to simplify the tax code, it'll be that much harder to preserve the middle-class breaks that they favor -- such as mortgage interest deductions, child tax credits, and earned income tax breaks. Also, with permanently reduced revenues, they worry that Congress would be forced to consider even deeper cuts to discretionary domestic programs that are already at historic lows compared to the broader economy.
"Republicans could later cite this debt that they created as a reason to take a hatchet on programs like Head Start, or fail to adequately fund the vital research at the National Institutes of Health," said Levin.
Still, Ryan and other Republicans insisted that they were not trying to short-circuit bipartisan tax reform. Ryan called the Democrats' position "baloney," and mocked them for objecting to cuts they've already backed on a temporary basis.
"If you dare try to make these things that we all agree on that need to stay in the tax code permanent, it's 'You're not paying for it; it's a budget buster; you're being irresponsible; you're jeopardizing tax reform.' Process, process, process," said Ryan. "Here's the problem. What we're trying to do here, we're trying to grow the economy. We're trying to get people back to work.
Asked later to respond to Democrats' claims that the reduced revenue will make tax reform more difficult, Ryan didn't answer directly, but said that both sides ultimately wanted the tax cut.
"What's weird about this debate is [Democrats] tell us this publicly and privately: 'We'll extend these things for two years at a time and not pay for them, but if you dare try to make them permanent you better raise taxes on somebody else,'" they said in a discussion with reporters on Friday. "It's an inconsistent position in my mind."
"A number of these provisions are provisions we all agree on, we all want to see stay in the code, even under tax reform," Ryan added. "We see these things as necessary, they're bipartisan and we ought to give people certainty."
The bill was the second tax cut passed by the House this week, after Thursday's passage of a break aimed at encouraging charitable giving. Ryan's committee has also started to move other cuts that would add another $300 billion to the deficit, and which are likely to reach the House floor later this month or next.
Similar measures never got a vote in the Senate last year, but are much more likely to get an airing now that the GOP is in charge of the upper chamber. While those measures might attract some Democratic support, even if they do pass, the White House has threatened to veto them on the grounds that the costs are not offset by other means.
This story has been updated to include further comment from Ryan. Sabrina Siddiqui contributed reporting.
IN A MEETING with President Obama today, Benjamin Netanyahu went through the familiar motions of expressing rhetorical support for a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict. Stating, “I remain committed to a vision of peace of two states for two peoples,” Netanyahu said that they wanted “make it clear that we have not given up our hope,” for achieving a two-state solution to the conflict. Just a day before this statement, however, the Israeli government took steps to ensure such a vision could never become reality, moving to authorize the construction of an additional 2,200 housing units in the occupied territories in the face of Palestinian opposition.
The reason behind this apparent discrepancy between word and deed is that Netanyahu does not, and has essentially never, supported the creation of an actual Palestinian state. Last year, during the Israeli election, Netanyahu briefly acknowledged this fact himself, explicitly stating to voters that there would not be a Palestinian state during their tenure as prime minister if they were reelected. Despite this, the convenient fiction that the Israeli prime minister supports a “two-state solution” continues to linger in the United States. Why?
In their 2000 book, A Durable Peace, Netanyahu outlined their vision for any future self-governing Palestinian territory, one that bore little resemblance to actual statehood. “Many in the world have blithely accepted the notion that the Palestinians must have their own independent state,” Netanyahu wrote. “When I am asked about a Palestinian state, I answer in the negative.” Instead of statehood, Netanyahu proposed the creation of a “Palestinian entity,” a governing body with some rights of limited self-governance but not full independence.
In a video recorded the year following the release of the book, Netanyahu bragged that during their first term as prime minister, from 1996 to 1999, they had “de facto put an end to the Oslo Accords,” the agreement that had been negotiated with the Palestinians by their predecessor, and which intended to create a Palestinian state alongside Israel.
For many years, this brazen opposition to Palestinian statehood remained Netanyahu's public position. While they moved on to other pursuits, including helping pitch the Iraq War to the U.S. Congress, their stance on Palestinian self-governance remained more or less static. Indeed, in the absence of any American pressure, a public evolution on this issue was not even necessary.
In 2009, however, that began to change. In June of that year, newly elected President Barack Obama, who had made rebuilding ties with the Muslim world a part of their foreign policy platform, gave a landmark speech in Cairo in which they said the United States “does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements,” going on to describe them as contrary to previous agreements and an impediment to peace in the region.
Israeli media would report at the time that Obama's words “resonated through Jerusalem's corridors.” In seeming recognition of shifting American sentiments on this issue, 10 days later Netanyahu gave what was billed as a landmark speech at Bar-Ilan University near Tel-Aviv, dealing in part with the subject of Palestinian statehood.
In their address, hailed by the White House as an “important step forward,” Netanyahu endorsed for the first time the creation of what they called “a demilitarized Palestinian state” in the occupied territories. But the same speech added stipulations that, in sum, turned this so-called state into a rebranded version of Netanyahu's 2000 “Palestinian entity,” with only limited autonomy. In private, just three months before the speech, Netanyahu was even more blunt about the limits they required for a more independent Palestinian territory, stipulating they could only support one “without an army or control over airspace and borders,” according to diplomatic cables later released by WikiLeaks.
In a speech two years later to Congress, Netanyahu would go into more detail about the ridiculous conception of Palestinian “statehood” they were imagining, one in which the West Bank would be essentially bifurcated by massive Israeli settlement blocs, the prospective Palestinian capital of East Jerusalem would be surrounded by settlements, and the Israeli Defense Forces would continue to have “a long-term military presence” inside the newly independent “state.” Needless to say, such a proposal was unlikely ever to be accepted by the Palestinians, nor did it bear much resemblance to the independent statehood they had actually been seeking.
Netanyahu let the mask drop even further in July 2014, when they stated in a press conference that “there cannot be a situation, under any agreement, in which we relinquish security control of the territory west of the River Jordan,” essentially outlining a position of permanent military occupation of Palestinian territories. In the run-up to the 2015 election, when they publicly disowned the idea of Palestinian statehood, Netanyahu would specifically repudiate their 2009 Bar-Ilan speech, stating that “there will be no withdrawals and no concessions,” and that the speech was “not relevant.” As recently as last week, Netanyahu told the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee that “we need to control all of the territory for the foreseeable future,” before adding darkly that Israel “will forever live by the sword.”
In light of all this, it's difficult to take seriously Netanyahu's most recent claim that they support the creation of a Palestinian state. At best, they have in the past expressed support for a Palestinian “entity” with some features of self-governance (an idea that has well-known historical precedents), but certainly not one that affords genuine independence, freedom or statehood to its inhabitants. At their most brazen, they have denied the possibility of even that limited form of self-determination, stating bluntly that Israel will control the entire West Bank and keep its inhabitants under indefinite military subjugation.
Netanyahu has nonetheless been allowed to maintain a convenient fiction that they support the negotiated goal of Palestinian self-determination. In reality, they have never really supported it. Thanks in large part to Netanyahu's leadership, a Palestinian state will likely never emerge. Due to their own obstinance, as well as American indulgence, a binational state or a formalized Apartheid regime have now become the most probable remaining outcomes to this disastrous, decadeslong conflict.
There was a side story to Tuesday's Big Bear manhunt and shootout with suspected murderer and fugitive ex-LAPD officer Christopher Dorner. It was a request — believed to be unprecedented in Southern California — for media outlets to stop using Twitter to track the continuing manhunt, for fear of officer safety.
As events played out on local and cable television news, "Big Bear," "SWAT team" and "cabin" made it to the top of Twitter's national trending list. #Dorner was at the top of the trends list in Los Angeles.
That prompted the department to issue its unusual request late Tuesday afternoon: Please stop tweeting.
Why? KPCC placed a call to the department to ask why, but hasn't received a response yet. The tweet, and subsequent tweets thanking news outlets that complied, have been deleted.
It's possible the department wanted to preserve the tactical secrets of its officers and those of other law enforcement agencies believed to be convening on the cabin where Dorner was presumed to be holed up — and, presumably, monitoring events outside via social media or TV. (The department also asked TV helicopters to back out of the area so as not to reveal deputy deployments.)
Some media outlets — such as CBS TV affiliates — complied with the request to resist tweeting. Others — like KPCC — did not.
Following are some of the tweets in response to the department's request.
What do you think of the request? Do you think it was an attempt by a law enforcement agency to manage the media reports of its actions? Or do you think it was a legitimate attempt to protect the safety of its officers in a perilous situation? Sounds off in the comments below.
