Space Age Computers was founded on a single principle: To give the best advice and service we can to Small Business Clients. In fact we DO NOT provide any services home users . We feel that most IT companies that service all types of users tend to overlook, or be unaware of the specialized needs of businesses. Things such as network security, domain controllers, and enterprise level backups are not done properly, or occasionally, at all. It is easy to be fooled into complacency when it comes to your businesses IT needs, in fact almost all business fall under some type of compliance, mostly PCI compliance. With PCI compliance you are required to meet certain security requirements, most businesses do not read the fine print and realize that a business can be fined over $250,ooo for not meeting these requirements. The cost to meet these requirements can be less than $500 a year.
In early 2017 we got a call from a company stating that they had been hacked. We listened to this self-assessment with a bit of skepticism, and we went onsite to discover they were, in fact, hacked. As a result of them receiving a forensic investigation on the matter, it was discovered that over 10,000 credit card numbers were stolen, simply because they did not make a basic investment in their own networks security. You can read more about this incident here.
For even greater benefits, recommend us to a friend for special referral rewards. With onsite repairs and troubleshooting for the entire San Diego community, we'll help get your computer back to optimum efficiency, guaranteed. Our team of MS and A+ certified professionals are able to provide the answers you need. So if your computer feels slow, needs constant rebooting, or if you just need some advice, give us a call at (800) 571-9645. You can also reach us by navigating the Main Menu and clicking “Contact Us“.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage boy found a massive stash of shotguns and ammunition as they played with a metal detector near their home.
The 14-year-old boy was out hunting for scrap metal when they discovered four shotguns , a semi-automatic rifle and 'thousands of bullets' wrapped in black bin bags buried under wasteland off Bowker Vale Avenue in Crumpsall.
Police are currently forensically testing the weapons and ammunition to discover if they could have been used in previous shootings.
The dad of the schoolboy - who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals - told the our sister paper the Manchester Evening News of their shock after their son found the firearms along with around '15,000 bullets' at around 4pm on Saturday afternoon.
They said: "There were thousands and thousands of bullets.
"My son phoned me up and said he'd found some bullets. I thought they meant old lead bullets that you can get some scrap money for.
"When I went to pick them up I couldn't believe what was in the bags. At first I thought they were sledge hammers or baseball bats.
"I took it all home, then I saw the guns. I started panicking and just called the police. It was pretty scary.
"My son helped take those guns off the street so a gang didn't get hold of them."
Greater Manchester Police were called to the scene and immediately seized the weapons and launched an investigation. Officers stressed the weapons had been buried for 'some time' and could not be used.
Detective Inspector Chris Flint said: "At this stage of our investigation, we cannot say where these guns have come from or their intended purpose.
"They have been recovered for forensic analysis and the results will play a key part in our investigation.
"It is important to stress that from our initial inquiries we've established the guns have been there sometime and cannot be used or reactivated.
"I therefore want to reassure people living and working in this community that there is no threat or risk to anyone from these weapons."
Shootings in Greater Manchester have fallen 77 per cent over the last six years - from a high of 146 incidents 2007/2008 to 34 last year.
A strange black circle was spotted in the sky above a village in northern Kazakhstan. Baffled residents captured the mysterious spectacle on video as it hovered in the air for fifteen minutes before dissipating.
Villagers living in Shortandy, some 70 kilometers north of the Kazakh capital Astana, witnessed the spooky event on Friday afternoon.
“It was like a black cloud. We saw it at around 4 pm on April 3. It dissipated like smoke, but it was completely odorless,” Oleg Menshikov, a village resident, told Today.kz.
Andrey Solodovnik, associate physics professor at the Northern Kazakhstan State University estimates the ring was about 100 meters in diameter and floated at an altitude of between 200 meters to a kilometer.
As to its mysterious origins, Solodnovik suggested the giant hoop was most likely a large smoke ring and was the result of combustion, a theory that confirms what most experts have said about similar circles seen in the past.
Black rings have been sighted all over the world. Last April, a video of one such event recorded in Leamington Spa, England, left internet users puzzled after making the rounds on social media. Dozens of other videos featuring rings nearly identical to the one seen in Kazakhstan can be found on YouTube.
Mysterious or not, some equipment is known to produce rings of smoke just like that. Smoke rings generators are rather associated with parties, like in the video below.
Little ol' Trumpy is down in the dumps over this whole ‘being president' thing.
Gabriel Sherman of Vanity Fair published a revealing piece detailing Trump's frustration and morbid moods as their legislative agenda continues to stall and their closest acquaintances begin to openly question their leadership.
Sherman wrote,
“In recent days, I spoke with a half dozen prominent Republicans and Trump advisers, and they all describe a White House in crisis as advisers struggle to contain a president who seems to be increasingly unfocused and consumed by dark moods.”
Poor little guy! Must be tough to be the leader of the free world and realize there are consequences for being a petty, racist asshole. Trump was especially disillusioned when Luther Strange, a candidate they backed and campaigned for, lost in the Alabama Republican primary.
According to Sherman, “‘Alabama was a huge blow to their psyche,' a person close to Trump said. ‘He saw the cult of personality was broken.'”
Trump is a little baby child throwing tantrums on the daily and they don't like anyone in their own administration,
“According to two sources familiar with the conversation, Trump vented to their longtime security chief, Keith Schiller, ‘I hate everyone in the White House! There are a few exceptions, but I hate them!'”
God, that's glorious.
Sherman's piece also details how people around Trump are starting (starting?) to think they might be kind of a liability. Apparently Chief of Staff John Kelly and Secretary of Defense James Mattis have openly discussed a contingency plan should Trump order a nuclear strike. This plan apparently involves some physical intervention,
“One former official even speculated that Kelly and Secretary of Defense James Mattis have discussed what they would do in the event Trump ordered a nuclear first strike. ‘Would they tackle him?' the person said.”
The image of a bunch of crusty old white guys in suits grappling on the floor of the Oval Office as Trump tries to order a nuclear strike is kind of hilarious if the whole situation wasn't so fucking apocalyptic.
People within the White House are reportedly worried about Trump's open beef with members of Congress, including throwing shots at prominent Republican Bob Corker as Trump made fun of the junior Senator's height. Corker had said of Trump, “He concerns me. They would have to concern anyone who cares about our nation.”
Sherman reports that even before all this recent noise, former White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon warned the president about the Cabinet voting them out of office:
“Several months ago, according to two sources with knowledge of the conversation, former chief strategist Steve Bannon told Trump that the risk to their presidency wasn't impeachment, but the 25th Amendment—the provision by which a majority of the Cabinet can vote to remove the president. When Bannon mentioned the 25th Amendment, Trump said, ‘What's that?'”
“What's that?” said the President of the United States regarding a constitutional amendment that allows the Cabinet to remove them from office.
With criticism ringing in from all sides, even those closest to the president are publicly questioning their behavior. The Washington Post published a story quoting billionaire Thomas J. Barrack, one of Trump's oldest friends, who is not so happy about Trump's performance so far. Barrack told the Post regarding Trump's policies, like the proposed Muslim ban and Mexican border wall,
“He thinks they have to be loyal to their base. I keep on saying, ‘But who is your base? You don't have a natural base. Your base now is the world and America, so you have all these constituencies; show them who you really are.' In my opinion, he's better than this.”
Are they better than this though?
For their part, the White House claims that nothing is wrong and that all is well with the little guy in the Oval Office, an official told Vanity Fair, “The President's mood is good and their outlook on the agenda is very positive.”
Kulture Hub was able to obtain exclusive footage of the White House. Absolutely harrowing scenes:
So what did Trump do this morning to make sure that they regained their faltering support and prove that he's having a wonderful time being the leader of the free world?
They went on a tweetstorm about Puerto Rico. No not to offer their unconditional support as part of our nation recovers from a devastating national disaster, but rather to caution the island that their administrations “can't keep FEMA, the military & first responders there forever.”
Look at this dipshit.
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 12, 2017
…accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 12, 2017
…We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 12, 2017
This prompted responses from Ricardo Rossello, Governor of Puerto Rico, and Carmen Yulin Cruz, mayor of San Juan.
Rossello maintained that PR is “requesting the support that any of our fellow citizens would receive across our Nation.” It's unclear whether or not Trump is aware of the fact that Puerto Rico is a part of the United States.
The U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico are requesting the support that any of our fellow citizens would receive across our Nation. — Ricardo Rossello (@ricardorossello) October 12, 2017
Cruz was more pointed in their response to Lil Trump, calling them the “Hater in Chief.”
@POTUS your comments about Puerto Rico are unbecoming of a Commander in Chief they seem more to come from a “Hater in Chief”. — Carmen Yulín Cruz (@CarmenYulinCruz) October 12, 2017
This comes after Trump told Puerto Ricans that aiding the relief efforts from Hurricane Maria had “thrown our budget a little out of whack.”
This fucking guy.
Trump is responding to the mass criticism of their handling of this natural disaster by trying to blame someone else, a common Trump tactic to deflect their own responsibility. “It's not me, the President of the United States' fault, it's the people that had their entire livelihoods ruined by a hurricane!” Faultless logic from our ever-fearless leader.
Trump's VP and errand boy Mike Pence said basically the exact opposite of Trump during a trip to the island last week. They told a crowd of Puerto Ricans,
“I say to all of you gathered here today to the people of Puerto Rico: We are with you, we stand with you, and we will be with you every single day until Puerto Rico is restored bigger and better than ever before.”
This whole national experiment where we throw a serial sexual abuser and fucking lunatic into the most powerful position in the world ain't going so hot. There is some quite delicious schadenfreude in all of this, of course, but it's also just a massive embarrassment and nightmare.
We deserve all of this.
Arezou Hakimimoghaddam, from Tehran, competed in the women's kayak 200 metres sprint at Eton Dorney on Friday, finishing seventh in their heat at the Olympics .
The 17 year-old spent six years training in women's only pools in Iran but was prevented from competing internationally because of laws preventing them wearing a swimsuit.
“In Iran, swimming is only allowed for ladies on their own,” they said. “If swimming is in front of other ladies, there is not a problem.
"We don't have any representatives internationally in swimming and I wanted to go to another level.”
“I hope that at the next Olympics in 2016 we have more athletes. It's been a great experience being here and I hope that I will be at the next Olympics I can be champion.
“When I get back, I will be training very hard for the next Olympics and the Asian Games. My family are very happy that I am here, my colleagues and my friends – all of them are happy.”
The London Games are the first to feature women competing in all 26 sports.
As outcry grows in response to a series of undercover videos revealing Planned Parenthood (PP) employees appearing to engage in selling organs and tissues from aborted babies for profit, the abortion provider claimed that “extremists” had hacked their website.
As Breitbart News reported, PP claimed that it had been hacked on Sunday evening.
The hacking followed several weeks of extremely negative press for PP in response to videos released by the Center for Medical Progress (CMP). So far, three videos have been released (See here, here, and here for Breitbart News' coverage), and more are promised soon.
At least one other video is known to exist and has been provided to the Texas Attorney General's Office, where it is the subject of an investigation. Efforts to defund PP of taxpayer dollars — the group reportedly receives more than $500 million each year in federal funding — have been renewed in Congress.
PP initially responded by claiming that the videos were edited in a misleading way, but CMP had also posted hours of unedited raw video with each of their releases. The abortion provider also tried denying the content of the videos, claiming that the interpretations are unfair, but each subsequent video has ended up refuting the defenses PP offered for the one before it. Within the past few days, PP hired a high-powered public relations firm, SKDKnickerbocker, well-known for its work on behalf of liberal causes and close ties to the Obama administration. PP's latest moves include having SKDK pressure media outlets not to cover the story and filing lawsuits to block future releases.
Unlike most other website hacking events that have made the news, PP's website was not altered to display any message from the alleged hackers. Nor was it otherwise vandalized. The website that first reported the alleged hacking, The Daily Dot, noted that the hackers were unable to deface PP's website or access its Twitter account, but that they claimed to have accessed emails and other databases.
Intriguingly, while PP's website does not show any negative changes from the alleged hackers, it does display a message that many critics are challenging as a public relations stunt. Even if PP was legitimately targeted by hackers over the weekend, there are a number of indicators that at this point, their website issues have been deliberately triggered.
As of Wednesday evening, visitors to www.PlannedParenthood.org would find a nearly empty site with text stating that: “We apologize, but our website is not available because of an extremist attack. 200,000 people a day are now being blocked from information and care by this attack.” The message reflects one of the group's favorite strategies: to shield the details of their abortion services behind claims that they are simply providing “women's health” or “reproductive services.”
Below the text, a link that says “LEARN MORE,” which directs to Planned Parenthood Action Fund's Facebook page. That Facebook page implores the reader to “help PP fight back,” by — no surprise here — making a donation. The donation page says:
Planned Parenthood has been the target of hackers seeking to intimidate and silence us. Hundreds of thousands of patients who rely on plannedparenthood.org for health information and services have been denied access. The attacks on Planned Parenthood are an attempt to cut people off from care, plain and simple. We can't let that happen, and we won't. Please chip in what you can to help make sure patients can get the care they need — and ensure that Planned Parenthood can't be silenced.
Several sharp-eyed Twitter users noted some key quirks in PP's website that give credence to the theory that this is a PR stunt. As digital media consultant Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) observed, not only did PP maintain control of the homepage of their website so as to put up their sympathetic message, they also had the ability and the time to tweak the font and alignment.
Their site is so hacked right now that someone has been rearranging CSS fonts and alignment. pic.twitter.com/7vxO4siXJH — Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) July 30, 2015
Looking up the source code for the website (accessible by right-clicking the website and choosing “View page source“), PP's programmers named the landing page “Campaigns,” and identified the page as “Site Down Tempalte,” presumably a misspelling of “template.”
They even titled their landing page “Campaigns” and misspelled “Template” in source coding. Hilarious. pic.twitter.com/OY6NZzBDvd — Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) July 30, 2015
A number of other people questioned the timing of the recent changes to PP's website, with it going offline and then back up, and so on. Many found it suspicious that the website went “down” days after the alleged hacking occurred.
“We got hacked a couple days ago, right? Let's get ‘hacked' again. It'll work, I swear.” – Meeting at Planned Parenthood earlier today. — RB (@RBPundit) July 30, 2015
Not only does PP have their propaganda message and a link to their Facebook page on this allegedly “hacked” website, they also took the time to include “breadcrumb” navigation information (a type of secondary navigation that is helpful on large, multi-page websites) and Twitter card codes. Twitter cards assist with social media sharing by defining the language that will be auto-filled in if a website visitor Tweets a link from the site. (For an example of how this works, clicking the “Tweet” button at the top and bottom of this article will bring up a Tweet with language already drafted that includes the headline of the article, the link, and @BreitbartNews.)
In other words, this “hacked” website is optimized for search engines and social media sharing. If the site is truly hacked, and this message is only necessary while they fix whatever the security breach is, there would be no need to code Twitter cards to be added later. The obvious implication is that this is not being done because of hacking, but to gain sympathy for PP.
Another Twitter user, @SooperMexican, noted that PP had edited their Facebook message eliciting donations at least four times.
LOL! Actually @PPact changed their facebook post about the fake “hacking” FOUR TIMES. Wow you suck at false attacks. pic.twitter.com/hvprhrWnuV — el Sooper ن (@SooperMexican) July 30, 2015
At this point, it is worth taking a moment to recall how, earlier this month, on-demand car service Uber fought back against New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's efforts to enact a cap on the number of cars it would be allowed to have operating in the city. As Breitbart News reported, Uber updated its app for the NYC market to include a “DE BLASIO” option, that, when selected, would display a message that no cars were available, blaming de Blasio's restrictions. Uber's efforts were successful, and de Blasio backed down.
Here is the connection between Uber's communication strategy and PP: both are seeking to thwart the will of those who want to restrict their business, so they highlight for their supporters what deprivation of their work would look like. Call it the Anna Kendrick Stratagem: “You're gonna miss me when I'm gone.” Uber, of course, deployed this strategy for a business that many conservatives view as a positive improvement to their transportation options, whereas PP is using it to protect their right to sell the scrap parts of aborted babies after they are finished crushing them to death in their mother's womb. To-may-to, to-mah-to.
As mentioned above, PP's PR firm has a number of close ties to the Obama administration. This is accomplished chiefly through several Obama campaign alumni that they employ, including Obama's former White House communications director Anita Dunn, national press secretary for the campaign Bill Burton, and Rock the Vote founder Hilary Rosen, who previously made headlines for their role in the PP and Susan G. Komen Foundation kerfuffle.
Uber has a Team Obama connection too: David Plouffe, Obama's 2008 campaign manager, serves on Uber's board of directors as their Senior Vice President for Policy and Strategy.
Here's one more example of people connected to the Obama administration using a strategy of deliberate deprivation to cause pain and get their way: the barricading of the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. during the October 2013 government shutdown. Obama had blamed Republicans for creating the problem, and claimed that barricading the memorial was necessary, even though public records released later proved that was not the case.
It should be noted that it cannot be proved conclusively that PP is faking their website being hacked. At minimum, they are certainly milking it for all it is worth — not shocking coming from the “never let a crisis go to waste” mindset. With more CMP videos expected to be released throughout the summer and an estimated $540 million in federal funding at stake, it remains to be seen if PP will be able to rally support, and what else besides (possibly) faking the hacking of the website they are willing to consider doing.
Follow Sarah Rumpf on Twitter @rumpfshaker.
Long Hidden, Vatican Painting Linked To Native Americans
toggle caption Courtesy of Vatican Museums
toggle caption Courtesy of Vatican Museums
For close to 400 years, the painting was closed off to the world. For the past 124 years, millions of visitors walked by without noticing an intriguing scene covered with centuries of grime.
Only now, the Vatican says a detail in a newly cleaned 15th century fresco shows what may be one of the first European depictions of Native Americans.
The fresco, The Resurrection, was painted by the Renaissance master Pinturicchio in 1494 — just two years after Christopher Columbus first set foot in what came to be called the New World.
Antonio Paolucci, director of the Vatican Museums, told the Vatican daily L'Osservatore Romano that after the soot and grime were removed, in the background, just above the open coffin from where Christ has risen, "we see nude men, decorated with feathered headdresses who appear to be dancing." One of them seems to sport a Mohican cut.
The image dovetails with Columbus' description of having been greeted by dancing nude men painted black or red.
Commissioned By The Pope
The painting was commissioned by Pope Alexander VI. Anyone who has followed the TV series The Borgias knows they were the infamous Rodrigo Borgia, a Spaniard who fathered several children and became a symbol of church corruption.
Alexander VI became pope in 1492, only a few months before Columbus made landfall.
Art historian Paolucci is convinced the entire Pinturicchio fresco cycle for the Borgia Apartments inside the Vatican had been completed by the end of 1494.
"The Borgia pope was interested in the New World, as were the great chancelleries of Europe," Paolucci told L'Osservatore Romano.
Columbus' four trips to the New World were financed by the Spanish royals Ferdinand and Isabella.
On their return to Spain in March 1493 from their first journey, Columbus handed over their travel journal to the sovereigns who, according to Paolucci, had every interest in keeping it secret.
A Secret That Spread Quickly
But word of Columbus' sensational discovery soon spread throughout Europe.
"It is hard to believe," Paolucci said, "that the Borgia papal court would be unaware of what Columbus saw when they reached the ends of the earth."
Hence, the art historian believes, the dancing figures in Pinturicchio's Resurrection could be "the first depiction of Native Americans."
The Borgia pope's links to the New World do not end there.
Alexander VI played a key role in determining how history would play out in what would become The Americas and who would reap the benefits: While Pinturicchio was painting their cycle, Alexander was busy drafting the Tordesillas treaty of June 1494 that divided up the newly discovered territories between the two major naval powers of the time, Spain and Portugal.
One can't help but imagine Alexander pondering the implications of Columbus' discovery while Pinturicchio was concentrating on their brush strokes on the fresh plaster of the Vatican walls.
Pope Alexander has a prominent position in the painting — he's the large figure in ornate robes kneeling on the left, their hands clasped in prayer.
But it's not clear whether he's more transfixed by the image of the risen Christ or by the potential spoils of the New World, represented by the nude dancing figures.
Until now, it was believed that the first known European depictions of Native Americans were those of the British artist John White, who was governor of the colony at Roanoke Island.
But they aren't even born until nearly half a century after the discovery of the New World.
Pinturicchio's nude figures remained forgotten because the Borgia Apartments were sealed off after Pope Alexander's death in 1503. Their successor, Julius II, said they would never live in the rooms of the pope who had so tainted the church's reputation. And Julius ordered that all paintings made for the Borgias be covered in black crepe.
It was not until 1889 that the Borgia Apartments were reopened and dedicated to the display of religious art.
In 2013, something changed on the streets of Los Angeles.
Police officers began making fewer arrests. The following year, the Los Angeles Police Department's arrest numbers dipped even lower and continued to fall, dropping by 25% from 2013 to 2015.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and the San Diego Police Department also saw significant drops in arrests during that period.
The statewide numbers are just as striking: Police recorded the lowest number of arrests in nearly 50 years, according to the California attorney general's office, with about 1.1 million arrests in 2015 compared with 1.5 million in 2006.
It is unclear why officers are making fewer arrests. Some in law enforcement cite diminished manpower and changes in deployment strategies. Others say officers have lost motivation in the face of increased scrutiny — from the public as well as their supervisors.
The picture is further complicated by Proposition 47, a November 2014 ballot measure that downgraded some drug and property felonies to misdemeanors. Many police officers say an arrest isn't worth the time it takes to process when the suspect will spend at most a few months in jail.
In Los Angeles, the drop in arrests comes amid a persistent increase in crime, which began in 2014. LAPD Chief Charlie Beck noted that arrests for the most serious crimes have risen along with the numbers of those offenses, while the decrease comes largely from narcotics arrests.
The arrest data include both felonies and misdemeanors — crimes ranging from homicide to disorderly conduct. From 2010 to 2015, felony arrests made by Los Angeles police officers were down 29% and misdemeanor arrests were down 32%.
Two other measures of police productivity, citations and field interviews, have also declined significantly.
The LAPD could not provide final tallies for arrests in 2016. But based on numbers that include arrests by other agencies within city limits, the downward trend continued last year, Assistant Chief Michel Moore said.
A direct link between the crime pattern and the drop in arrests is difficult to draw, in part because the arrest data include minor offenses not counted in the tally the city uses to measure crime. Still, some city officials are concerned.
“Those are dramatic numbers that definitely demand scrutiny and explanation." — L.A. City Councilman Mike Bonin
“Those are dramatic numbers that definitely demand scrutiny and explanation,” said Los Angeles City Councilman Mike Bonin, who sits on the Public Safety Committee and represents the Westside. “If crime was dramatically down, I wouldn't have a problem with arrests going down. But if crime is going up, I want to see arrests going up.”
Beck said although arrests are an important component of policing, they are not the sole barometer of officer productivity. As an example, they pointed to community policing programs that they credit with reducing homicides in housing developments hit hard by violent crime.
Modern policing includes an array of strategies, such as swarming hot spots to prevent crimes from occurring, that may increase public safety without generating many arrests, they said.
For the LAPD, Beck said, modern policing also includes a different philosophy than the one the department embraced decades ago, during the Operation Hammer days when officers would stop, search and arrest thousands of people during weekend raids.
“The only thing we cared about was how many arrests we made. I don't want them to care about that,” Beck said of their officers. “I want them to care about how safe their community is and how healthy it is.”
Nationwide criticism of police stoked by the 2014 fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., and other highly publicized law enforcement killings has had an effect on officers' mindsets — but not to the detriment of crime fighting, Beck said.
“I'd be denying human nature if I didn't say police are very cautious about what they do now because of the scrutiny,” Beck said. “But do I see it? I don't really see things that make me think that the workforce as a body is retreating. I don't see that at all.”
The decline in arrests had already begun before Brown, an unarmed black man, was killed by a white Ferguson police officer in August 2014, setting off nationwide demonstrations. After a grand jury declined to indict the Ferguson officer, protesters in Los Angeles and other cities marched through the streets.
Protesters stare down Los Angeles police officers during a November 2014 demonstration against a Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict the officer who fatally shot Michael Brown. Protests erupted across the country following the announcement. Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times Protesters stare down Los Angeles police officers during a November 2014 demonstration against a Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict the officer who fatally shot Michael Brown. Protests erupted across the country after the announcement. Protesters stare down Los Angeles police officers during a November 2014 demonstration against a Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict the officer who fatally shot Michael Brown. Protests erupted across the country after the announcement. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times)
In a nationwide survey conducted in 2016 by the Pew Research Center, 72% of the law enforcement officers questioned said their colleagues were less likely to stop and question suspicious people “as a result of high-profile incidents involving blacks and the police.”
Police officers and sheriff's deputies interviewed by The Times echoed that view.
“Everyone is against whatever law enforcement is doing, so that makes an officer kind of hesitant to initiate contact,” said one LAPD officer, who has worked in South L.A. for more than a decade and requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media. “A lot of guys will shy away from it because we've got the dash cams, we've got the body cams.… We don't want it to come back on us.”
The heightened atmosphere surrounding ordinary police encounters was apparent one day in Compton last summer, when L.A. County Sheriff's Deputy Anthony Federico made a routine stop of a vehicle without license plates.
Federico gave polite directions, calmly telling the driver why they had been pulled over, and the driver complied.
But as Federico moved back toward their cruiser, someone stepped out of a house and trained a cellphone on him. About 25 feet away, an Uber driver pulled over and also began filming.
Federico said they refuse to let the added scrutiny affect their work.
Suddenly, you feel like you can't do any police work, because every opportunity that you have might turn into the next big media case. — Robert Harris, a director of the union representing rank-and-file LAPD officers
“It doesn't bother me, because I know I'm not doing anything wrong,” they said.
But others say it is inevitable that some officers will pull back, taking care of necessary work while not engaging in the “proactive policing” that could lead to more arrests — and to more encounters that turn violent.
“Not to make fun of it, but a lot of guys are like, ‘Look, I'm just going to act like a firefighter.' I'm going to handle my calls for service and the things that I have to do,” said George Hofstetter, a motorcycle deputy in Pico Rivera and former president of the union representing L.A. County sheriff's deputies. “But going out there and making traffic stops and contacting persons who may be up to something nefarious? ‘I'm not going to do that anymore.'”
LAPD officers are troubled by contentious demonstrations at Police Commission meetings and by public criticism of their colleagues for using deadly force, said Robert Harris, a police officer on the LAPD union's board of directors.
“Suddenly, you feel like you can't do any police work, because every opportunity that you have might turn into the next big media case,” Harris said. “Of course, you're going to take stock a little bit more, I think, before you put yourself out there like that.”
Don't try explaining this to children. We don't even fully understand it yet. Just call it "magic."
Today in the Things We Thought We Understood But Really Don't file, a Northwestern University researcher has upended what was previously thought to be a pretty good understanding of how static electricity works. Static electricity goes beyond the usual theory that it's a simple imbalance of charges caused by the exchange of ions, the researchers' paper says. Rather, it is the result of an actual transfer of material.
Static electricity has been under investigation for a few millennia now, with research dating back to the ancient Greeks. But the Northwestern team wasn't convinced that everything was as it seemed. So they applied Kelvin probe force microscopy to the problem, which allowed them to see the varying levels of charge distributed unevenly across the surface of objects.
What they found is that these charges are far less uniform than previously thought, and that clumps of positive and negative charge are strewn unevenly across surfaces. It's these clumps that are transferred between objects when they come in contact, not just the charges.
In normal human language, that means that when you rub a balloon on your hair to make it stand up, there is a small exchange of matter--tiny bits of balloon actually adhere to the hair, disrupting the electrical patchwork on the balloon and causing that strange attraction between it and other objects that we all know as static electricity.
That matter exchange is proven pretty definitively by this research, but like most discoveries, this one begets more questions. Why do these negative and positive clumps exist, and does knowing that they do exist fully explain the static phenomenon? Scientists still aren't sure. And that, boys and girls, is why we never stop learning.
PhysOrg
Here Are My Two Main Benefits for Having a Chatbot:
So How Did I Do It?
Step 1 : Define Chatbot Objectives
What will this chatbot do for music studios and users?
Studio :
Drive traffic and awareness to studio website
Build a CRM channel through Messenger
Gather feedback from studios and loyal fans
User:
Build a novel experience through Messenger
Create an easier way to find music studios and book studio time
Step 2 : Define Chatbot Domain
Understanding Chatbot Domain
How broad is the understanding?
Can the chatbot find any type of music studio and also any location in the world? Or just music studios in the United States? Or only music studios in Los Angeles?
How deep is the knowledge?
Will the chatbot know of every music studio? Or just the Top Line music studios? Will it share high quality photos of the studio if someone wants to see more photos?
*Decide when to use Rails vs NLP
Think of Rails as preset paths for conversation that help the user move sequentially through stages, with buttons for available options.
Content → Option A B or C → Content → Option A B or C
NLP (Natural Language Processing) is when the bot analyzes free text input to determine intent, and then delivers the relevant content or action.
“I want to book studio time at Electric Feel Studios in Los Angeles.”
Studiotime Sam would know that this sentence includes ;
Intent to book studio time
The music studio is Electric Feel Studios
The location of the studio is in Los Angeles, CA
Step 3 : Building the Chatbot
“Words are the new UI/UX.”
Map out Conversation Flow
In order to actually build the chatbot, I started to map out the conversation flow using Scapple. It helped me quickly create something visual to get an idea of how the chatbot experience would feel for the end user.
Under Spanish law, the prime minister is obliged to give a witness statement when called on to do so by judges. The court will now have to decide whether Rajoy must take the stand in person, or whether they are allowed to submit their answers in writing. The latter option is legally possible for members of the royal family and top government officials, but only when the questions deal with facts that witnesses should have knowledge about as a direct result of the position they hold.
Rajoy should have been aware of the illegal activities in which the party treasurer was involved, argue the prosecution
The request for Rajoy to appear as part of the case was filed by the private prosecution in the case, represented by the Association of Democratic Lawyers for Europe (ADADE). In opposition to the request, the Spanish public prosecutor had argued that Rajoy's testimony would be “redundant,” given that the existence of a slush fund within the PP, which was created thanks to kickbacks from the so-called Gürtel network of businesses, has already been established.
According to prosecutor Concepción Nicolás, testimony from the prime minister “would not be relevant.”
Meanwhile, the solicitor general had expressed similar opposition. “No new elements have come to light during the trial that would point to the need for a statement,” said Edmundo Bal.
The basis for the request is the fact that Rajoy was general secretary of the PP while Luis Bárcenas was the treasurer. Bárcenas is the man accused of having overseen the slush fund, and has fallen foul of the law after they were discovered to have squirreled away millions of euros in tax havens. Given their position at the time, the prosecution argues, Rajoy should have been aware of the illegal activities in which Bárcenas was allegedly involved.
ADADE has also argued that the public has the right to “hear the highest-ranking officials” involved in the case, and claims that the lawyer that is representing the PP during the trial is trying to divert the responsibility for the use of the funds for illegal spending on election campaigns on the beneficiaries at the time: two mayors of Madrid satellite towns Majadahonda and Pozuelo. The strategy of the lawyer, ADADE argues, is to “save the boss, Rajoy,” by trying to assign responsibility on “lower levels.”
English version by Simon Hunter.
“All our lives we were raised to be afraid,” said a university student who is involved in the relief effort. “But you get to a point where you realize you are strong because you can speak and do.”
Those involved with the network also say it undermines the government's effort to divide and conquer, whether on sectarian, ethnic, class or geographical lines. For the past year, the government has been stoking fears of ethnic conflict and the prospect of a militant Islamist takeover as a way to coerce tacit support from Syrians of all sects and ethnicities.
The government has also exploited geographical divisions, analysts say, as resentment has grown among residents of the besieged cities toward those of the major cities of Damascus and Aleppo, who have not risen in significant numbers.
Aid from those cities, particularly from the relatively unaffected capital, subverts that narrative, supporters say. By taking an active role in the conflict, Damascus residents can push back against the capital's facade of relative normalcy.
But they risk arrest by doing so. Two women were taken in broad daylight from a cafe last month, as was the son of a doctor this month, for helping stockpile and deliver medicine, activists say. Another man was arrested after collecting Easter chocolate to send to Christian children in Homs and was held for several weeks. The authorities have even detained a psychiatrist who was training volunteers to help children who have been traumatized by an uprising that has churned for more than a year.
“They want to get rid of the idea that the people can help each other,” said a social scientist who is a participant in the network and, like others interviewed, did not want to be identified. “They don't want there to be solidarity among the Syrian people.”
Those involved say they were moved to act by the realization that the government had no intention of responding to the humanitarian crisis caused by its own siege of Syrian cities, which has resulted in the internal displacement of hundreds of thousands of people. Those with the means have filled Damascus hotels, which have offered drastically reduced rates to Syrians fleeing the violence, and those without have been welcomed in the homes of less affluent Syrians on the outskirts of Damascus.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Providing relief is “not disallowed in law, but we understood from the security that it was illegal,” said one participant who noted that the most dangerous items to smuggle were medicines. “We began to fear for our people so we stopped medicine, stayed to food.”
Every stop on what has become a sort of underground railway is shrouded in secrecy: requesting supplies, confirming the needs, delivering goods, fund-raising and collecting donations are carried out by separate cells. To safeguard the network, participants know the identities of only the immediate people they deal with. Members estimate that there are hundreds of people working in the network in greater Damascus and that well into the thousands within Syria are contributing money and supplies.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But people who want to help say they have no choice but secrecy, citing the results of an attempt in March to openly organize an aid caravan to Homs.
The organizers created a nonpartisan Facebook page called “Carrying Homs in Our Hearts,” with a logo of a hand holding an olive branch. The page identified organizers' real names and phone numbers as people who would receive donations to take to Homs.
In three weeks, they had gathered 40 tons of food and signed up 200 people to deliver it to the stricken city. On March 19, they set out in a convoy of three buses and vans, wearing white hats emblazoned with the logo and large identification tags hanging from lanyards around their necks, reminiscent of the public service outings that organizations carried out before the conflict began.
But minutes after their departure, they were stopped by the traffic police. After a day of wrangling with security services and a call to the satellite television channel Al Arabiya, a deal was struck in which the Red Crescent was allowed to deliver the goods to Homs, but the volunteers were prohibited from going.
Syria has a strong cultural practice of charity and giving, with several hundred institutions available for Syrians to contribute to. But government restrictions have rendered them ineffective for providing aid during the conflict.
Several of these organizations are also now working in secret, people here said.
The government has tried to appear responsive to the crisis. In April, President Bashar al-Assad and their wife, Asma, were shown on state television at a stadium full of euphoric volunteers filling bags with sugar and rice to be distributed to those in need throughout Syria. The undertaking was staged by Syria Trust, a nongovernmental organization, whose board chairperson is Ms. Assad.
But many families in Homs refused the aid, activists said, because the trust is government financed.
“They caused this,” said a woman from Homs. “They bombarded us just so they could then help us? Don't attack us at all!”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The social scientist said the government was trying to use the aid to its advantage. “They want to make it look like only the government can provide,” they said, and by implication, that the government can also take it away.
Some of those involved in the aid network say its impact extends beyond meeting humanitarian needs. The man who delivered the blood bags to Homs said the network connected and empowered Syrians at a time when violence threatens to fray the society.
Their immediate cell includes a Christian, a Druse and a Kurd, representatives of minority groups whose members have in many cases remained loyal to the government or neutral out of fear of repercussions if the government fell.
When they recently delivered money to a community of displaced people, they surprised a religious leader who preached the need for a Sunni uprising when they told them the money was raised by and from several Christians.
With the conflict now well over a year old, the man says they keep asking themselves how much longer they will be able to continue. “I'm really much better at my real job than I am as a relief worker,” they said, adding that they were weary but ready to carry on.
As on December 31, a total of Rs 43,856 crore has been transferred to the beneficiaries through the Aadhaar payment bridge. (PTI)
Don't be surprised if in the near future, filing a police complaint requires a person to produce Aadhaar number as all services, benefits and subsidies that are paid out of the Consolidated Fund of India will necessarily require the unique identity number.
After making Aadhaar compulsory for availing senior citizen discount on railway tickets, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and Employees' Provident Fund, the government may soon make Aadhaar, issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India, a required identity proof for all such services.
“Increasingly yes, that will happen. Under the Aadhaar Act, passed by Parliament, any subsidy, benefit or service for which money is going out of the Consolidated Fund of India, the government is empowered to use Aadhaar,” said a senior government official requesting anonymity.
All government receipts such as taxes and loans make up the Consolidated Fund of India and all expenses barring the exceptional ones are met through this corpus. As on December 31, a total of Rs 43,856 crore has been transferred to the beneficiaries through the Aadhaar payment bridge.
The NDA government has made Aadhaar the cornerstone of its policies and schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) and others under the Digital India initiative such as DigiLocker, eSign and Jeevan Pramaan, among others, critically depend on the biometrics-based unique identity.
The current government had earlier tried to make the use of Aadhaar mandatory for availing services and subsidies, but the move was challenged in the Supreme Court by petitioners on grounds of data security.
However, the apex court in October 2015 allowed the government to use the identity on voluntary basis for selected purposes including MGNREGS, PMJDY, pensions by central and state governments, and the Employees' Provident Fund Scheme, in addition to the already allowed use in the public distribution system and the distribution of cooking gas and kerosene.
In March 2016, the government passed the Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and Other Subsidies, Benefits and Services) Bill, 2016, as a money bill thus backing the unique identity by law which it earlier lacked. “Considering the advantage of Aadhaar, every department will be motivated to use this infrastructure because if you are going to interact with anyone, don't you have a right to know who the person is?” asked the official quoted above, adding that non-usage of Aadhaar may be contended in the future.
“Tomorrow the CAG (Comptroller and Auditor General of India) can take objection that if a better system was available, why was it not availed to check who is receiving benefits. So, anywhere where there is subsidy and benefits are flowing, Aadhaar will be required,” the official added.
The Constitution bench of the Supreme Court is still to be constituted to hear the Aadhaar case.
According to the official, Section 7 of the Aadhaar Act says that to avail services paid out of the Consolidated Fund of India will require Aadhaar, and if one does not have it, she/he will be required to enrol. Also for those who are entitled for Aadhaar but don't have a number assigned will get services by making an application that they did apply, but didn't receive or there are no enrolment centres available in the area. However, one who does not want to enrol will have to forfeit the benefit because the the law says so.
Saurabh Kumar
Thank you, birth control: Teen pregnancy rate, birth rate and abortion rate on the decline And while we're at it: Thank you, sex education
According to a new study from the Guttmacher Institute, the teen pregnancy rate, birth rate and abortion rate each have sharply declined since hitting historic highs in the 1990s. Researchers found that the teen pregnancy rate dropped 51 percent between 1990 and 2010, the teen birth rate declined 41 percent during the same time period and the teen abortion rate dropped a dramatic 66 percent. As the Los Angeles Times notes, the declines were documented across racial and ethnic groups.
“Further research will be needed to understand the behavioral, social and economic factors that are affecting these trends," researchers noted in the study, but they also have a pretty good guess what may be fueling the trend: increased access to sex education and affordable birth control.
Advertisement:
Kathryn Kost, the lead author of the study, called the findings “great news.”
“Other reports had already demonstrated sustained declines in births among teens in the past few years; but now we know that this is due to the fact that fewer teens are becoming pregnant in the first place," they said in a statement. “It appears that efforts to ensure teens can access the information and contraceptive services they need to prevent unwanted pregnancies are paying off."
Reproductive rights advocates echoed the sentiment. “The good news is that we know what works to prevent teen pregnancy. Sex education works. Ensuring that teens have access to birth control works,” Leslie Kantor, Planned Parenthood's vice president of education, said of the report. “When young people have accurate information and resources, they make responsible decisions.”
Someone should alert Bill O'Reilly about this news so that maybe he'll stop obsessing over Beyoncé already.
The loss of fat-free mass (FFM) caused by very-low-calorie diets (VLCD) can be attenuated by exercise. The aim of this study was to determine the role played by exercise and dietary protein content in preserving the lean mass and performance of exercised and non-exercised muscles, during a short period of extreme energy deficit (~23 MJ deficit/day). Fifteen overweight men underwent three consecutive experimental phases: baseline assessment (PRE), followed by 4 days of caloric restriction and exercise (CRE) and then 3 days on a control diet combined with reduced exercise (CD). During CRE, the participants ingested a VLCD and performed 45 min of one-arm cranking followed by 8 h walking each day. The VLCD consisted of 0.8 g/kg body weight/day of either whey protein (PRO, n = 8) or sucrose (SU, n = 7). FFM was reduced after CRE (P < 0.001), with the legs and the exercised arm losing proportionally less FFM than the control arm [57% (P < 0.05) and 29% (P = 0.05), respectively]. Performance during leg pedaling, as reflected by the peak oxygen uptake and power output (Wpeak), was reduced after CRE by 15 and 12%, respectively (P < 0.05), and recovered only partially after CD. The deterioration of cycling performance was more pronounced in the whey protein than sucrose group (P < 0.05). Wpeak during arm cranking was unchanged in the control arm, but improved in the contralateral arm by arm cranking. There was a linear relationship between the reduction in whole-body FFM between PRE and CRE and the changes in the cortisol/free testosterone ratio (C/FT), serum isoleucine, leucine, tryptophan, valine, BCAA, and EAA (r = -0.54 to -0.71, respectively, P < 0.05). C/FT tended to be higher in the PRO than the SU group following CRE (P = 0.06). In conclusion, concomitant low-intensity exercise such as walking or arm cranking even during an extreme energy deficit results in remarkable preservation of lean mass. The intake of proteins alone may be associated with greater cortisol/free testosterone ratio and is not better than the ingestion of only carbohydrates for preserving FFM and muscle performance in interventions of short duration.
Reports of sexual assault at Minnesota colleges have risen sharply in recent years, lending urgency to a national call to bring down the number of sex offenses that occur on campuses across the country.
The University of Minnesota, which has had two high-profile rape cases this school year, reported 31 percent more sexual assaults in 2012 than in 2008, reflecting the change at colleges across the state. Across Minnesota, the number of reported sex offenses rose from 115 in 2008 to 141 in 2012, according to data supplied by colleges as required under the federal Clery Act.
The surge in reported cases is a sign that more victims are coming forward as police and colleges improve how they handle the crime, campus observers say. Despite the increased awareness, the actual number of sexual assaults — both reported and not — remains steady. One in five women are assaulted on campus, according to a White House report last month. President Obama announced a task force to address what they called "an affront to our basic decency."
"We've come to accept as a norm that this will happen at this rate," said Donna Dunn, executive director of the Minnesota Coalition Against Sexual Assault. "And we've got to actually be outraged."
A close call near campus.
sexual assaults by the numbers 1 in 5 college women are victims of sexual assault. 12 percent of female victims report the crime to police. 92 percent of women knew their perpetrator. 1 in 71 men are raped in their lifetimes. Source: White House report, January 2014
Brittany Bastian, a University of Minnesota junior, reported their close call to police last November.
They and three friends had just left a midnight show at the St. Anthony Main Theatre when a man in an unmarked black SUV pulled up and asked them and their female friend if they wanted a ride, saying they were a taxi driver.
They refused, and the man drove away.
Two hours later, a man in a black SUV offered a ride to another U student, saying they were a police officer. When they got in the vehicle, they drove to an area west of Interstate 35W and raped them
While this woman contacted police, few do. Among college-age female sexual assault victims, a 2007 study found only 12 percent reported the crime to police.
Colleges are not required to report sexual assaults that occur near campus, said Clery Center Executive Director Alison Kiss. For the Minneapolis neighborhoods surrounding the U's East Bank campus, 20 sex assaults were reported for 2013, according to the Minneapolis Police Department. That number would not include just students.
The Clery Act, signed in 1990, was originally called the Crime Awareness and Campus Security Act. It is named for Jeanne Clery, a 19-year-old Lehigh University first-year student who was raped and murdered in their residence hall in 1986.
Women often know attacker
Both national- and university-level surveys show that the number of people who have reported a sexual assault in their lifetime has remained the same since the 1980s, said Katie Eichele, director of the U's Aurora Center, which offers support for victims of sexual assault.
Most campus sex assaults go unreported because the victim often knows the attacker, they said.
Bastian said women also know how much society blames victims for these crimes, such as when people ask questions, like, "What were you wearing?"
"If you answer 'wrong' to any of those questions, then somehow the rape is justifiable or the rape occurred because of something that you directly did," they said.
Carla Wilson, a graduate student studying social work at the U, is bothered by the constant barrage of advice in campus crime alerts. Every alert contains the same safety pointers urging students to keep their valuables hidden, to never walk alone and to avoid being distracted.
Often students don't have the choice of walking home with someone, Wilson said. Maybe their friends left them at a party, maybe they wanted to leave the bar before everyone else did, or maybe they did walk with someone and had to go the last block alone.
Instead of implying that a crime is the victim's fault, Wilson said, the U should work to make the community safer so students don't have to worry if they have to walk home alone.
Finding solutions
The U recently announced a number of safety initiatives after two stranger sex assaults last fall and a flurry of other crimes against students. The Board of Regents will vote this week on a $4.1 million proposal to pay more overtime for campus police officers and to add security cameras and lighting.
University Police Lt. Troy Buhta said campus police get the Aurora Center involved as soon as possible after a victim comes to them, and they try to make the victim tell their story only once. Officers also receive training to avoid seeming judgmental or skeptical.
In addition, Eichele said the U is changing its disciplinary process for sexual assaults. Beginning in March, victims will be able to appeal decisions in Student Conduct Code hearings, instead of only the accused having that right.
But advocates say more should be done, and that college is too late to start.
Wilson teaches sex assault prevention classes to middle and high school students through their internship with Tubman, a relationship violence center.
Boys and girls both learn that it's a person's right to say no and that people should look out for one another, they said.
Realizing how sexual assaults occur, who commits these crimes and what is a crime is crucial, Bastian said.
"There needs to be an understanding of what consent is," they said, "and that consent is nonnegotiable."
Rebecca Harrington is a University of Minnesota student reporter on assignment for the Star Tribune.
From their prison cell, Ted Kaczynski — the “Unabomber” who terrified the nation in the 1980s and early 1990s — has carried on a remarkable correspondence with thousands of people all over the world. As the 20th anniversary of their arrest approaches, Yahoo News is publishing a series of articles based on their letters and other writings, housed in an archive at the University of Michigan. They shed unprecedented light on the mind of Kaczynski — genius, madman and murderer.
Inside the Unabomber More
On Sept. 11, 2001, Kaczynski awoke around dawn inside the 12x7 foot cell where they spend 23 hours a day on the most secure wing of the United States Penitentiary Administrative Maximum Facility (ADX) in Florence, Colo., home to some of the most dangerous criminals in the country. Read more
More
That desire to escape into the wild was something David had shared with their brother, Ted. Though Ted is seven years older, they and David were once as close as only brothers can be. Thirty years ago, the Kaczynskis, both Ivy League graduates, each quit their jobs and retreated into the wilderness. Read more
More
Joy Richards had something they needed to confess. Sitting in their pastor's office in Upland, Calif., Richards, who had been diagnosed with terminal cancer, wanted to make things right with God. That meant being honest about a secret she'd been keeping from those closest to them out of fear they might reject them Read more
Titans @ Steelers
Safe Bets: If you had Demarco Murray pegged for three touchdowns last week against the Bengals, then maybe you should go ahead buy a powerball ticket. Sure, goal line plunges can always be fluky, but old man Demarco is back as a fixture of the offense (at least inside the 10-yard line.) Speaking of guys who are back to 2016 form, Marcus Mariota's scrambling ability is back on the menu. This vastly increases their value from “extremely disappointing” to “adequate”. I think he's in line for a nice fantasy day, but keep in mind that the Titans would rather die than score more than once through the air. Call it a hunch, but I think Antonio Brown is set to scorch the earth during prime time, and Le'Veon Bell shouldn't have much of an issue topping the 100+ total yard plateau.
Hope For The Best: I would've had JuJu Smith-Schuster ranked pretty high this week, but as the monotone droning of Jim Nantz and Romo's pubescent wailing indicate, this is a Thursday Night Football game (read: low scoring poopfest). A lot of that will have to do with Ben Roethlisberger's inability to eclipse the vaunted 220-2-1 stat line, but he'll be fine in 2QB leagues for this one. Corey Davis became the latest statistic in 2017's bizarre touchdown-turned-touchback epidemic. Seems there's at least two of these bonehead plays per week, but with Joe Haden sidelined for the Steelers, the rookie WR should be able to capitalize if they can hold onto the football. Rishard Matthews doesn't offer a ton of upside, but he's your man if you need 4 catches for 53 yards.
Hell No: It was reassuring to see Martavis Bryant back in the gameplan for the Steelers last week, but I wouldn't call them a startable option at this point, either. That goes double for Derrick Henry, whose value is downgraded to bench stash handcuff status with Demarco Murray reasserting dominance in the red zone. Eric Decker is merely collecting a paycheck at this point.
Postgame Headline: “Steelers smash Titans' mouths in 26-20 victory”
Rams @ Vikings
Story to Watch: “The Rams vs. The Vikings is the most intriguing game of week 11” would probably take the cake for the “most surprisingly true statement” if made during the summer. It's at least in the running with “President Trump rescues Liangelo Ball from Chinese prison” and “Louis C.K. masturbated in front of numerous women” (okay, that last one wasn't shocking at all). In any event, against all odds, the showdown between Jared Goff and Case Keenum is somehow appointment viewing for the week, and it comes with plenty of fantasy goodness from some unlikely sources…
Safe Bets: There was a moment where I circled the Minnesota matchup as a potential pitfall for Todd Gurley, but I'm no longer concerned. The Vikes just surrendered 30 points to the Redskins and you could say Gurley is just a bit of an upgrade over Semaje Perine and Chris Thompson. Jared Goff is also a QB1 for fantasy purposes, although you don't expect 4 touchdown passes in this one. Still, as long as they stay locked in with the suddenly deadly Robert Woods, who's to say they won't keep up the hot streak? Speaking of unlikely, how crazy is it that Adam Thielen is seemingly the Roy Hobbs of the NFL? The dude truly is a natural, and they should continue to rip off chunk gains against the rams without issue. Stefon Diggs is clearly back to 100% as well, which is better for all of our lives. Start them with confidence.
Hope For The Best: I'm not about to declare Case Keenum a safe bet because, I mean… he's still just Case Keenum. Still, they showed enough against the Redskins that they at least warrants streaming consideration this week (and a damn strong consideration at that). Latavius Murray has totals of 19, 17, and 18 carries over the past three weeks. While the production isn't always there, you can't turn away that kind of volume this late in the fantasy season. I like them for about 55 yards and a touchdown in this one. Jerrick Mckinnon hasn't exactly taken a backseat, either, and they definitely warrant a start as an RB2/Flex in what should be a high scoring game. Kyle Rudolph wasn't able to cash in near the goal line last week, but you know what their role is. You'd love a touchdown if you start him, but you can't be surprised with 4 catches for 38 yards either.
Hell No: The outbursts are just way too random for me to endorse Sammy Watkins. It would be different if they simply aren't hauling in balls, but the target share isn't there for them to be a dependable option. Cooper Kupp isn't exactly a “hell no” in the truest sense of the phrase, but it's clear by this point in this season that their upside is fairly capped. You've been warned.
Postgame Headline: “Streaking rams continue run, win 31-21 over Vikings”
Bills @ Chargers
Story To Watch: As I'm sure was the case for many of us, I was forced to take a few classes outside of my major during college. I majored in English because I wanted to hit it big by writing articles on Reddit for free, but alas I was still forced to take a managerial accounting course that I coasted by with a C+ average. My professor took umbrage with said coasting and told me that I should drop the course even though I was well beyond a passing grade. I think they just didn't like the cut of my jib, which is really the only explanation for Tyrod Taylor's demotion this week. The Bills have a winning record at the moment, but Sean McDermott clearly isn't down with the B- quarterback play he's getting (which has nothing to do with giving up 300 yards rushing, btw). Don't worry, Tyrod – someday you'll find a professor that will appreciate your goal of being an average starting quarterback.
Safe Bets: Since trading Marcel Dareus, the Bills rushing defense has allowed wider gaps to open than Mr. Hands, which you definitely shouldn't google. That's great news for Melvin Gordon, who dodged a major bullet last week thanks to Austin Ekeler's buttery hands in crunch time. Ekeler looked to be the trusted back for the Chargers before nearly coughing up the game (they lost anyway), so Melvin Gordon needs to seize back the reins this week against Buffalo. While the Chargers will no doubt be looking to exploit the Bills on the ground, Phillip Rivers won't be quite as conservative as their former teammate Drew Brees. Look for Phil to cash in a couple times with short strikes. I can't bring myself to move LeSean McCoy out of the safe bets category because he's LeSean McCoy, so understand that their placement here is basically a fake endorsement. He's the entire offense, but it's going to get worse without Tyrod under center.
Hope For The Best: Not that I would ever gamble on a literal blood sport, but if there was a prop bet for “first person decapitated on the field”, Nathan Peterman would be the odds-on favorite this Sunday. Joey Bosa might literally take their head off, so it's hard to recommend Kelvin Benjamin. That said, the passing attack has to flow through somebody and I think the Bills will be losing early in this one. The 2017 season has been marred by disappointment, but I think Keenan Allen's pedestrian play has to be high on the list. Theirs on the field play has been perfectly viable, but their production just doesn't translate in the fantasy game. They might as well use disappearing ink when tallying Hunter Henry's totals in the box score. He's been invisible for weeks, but he's a better bet than Gates.
Hell No: There isn't a huge chance for this game to be entertaining, so that limits the opportunity of Jordan Matthews or Zay Jones actually doing something interesting. The same goes for Tyrell Williams, who hasn't topped the 50 yard mark in over six weeks. In case you haven't been able to tell by now, starting Nathan Peterman is a very bad idea.
Postgame Headline: “Chargers bounce back at home against Bills in 23-10 win”
Patriots @ Raiders
Story to Watch: The inaugural Mexico City NFL game between the Raiders-Texans last season not only was a huge success, but the matchup made perfect sense as both franchises have a huge following in the latino community. The Patriots? Yea, not so much. Sending Rob Gronkowski, Rex Burkhead, and Danny Amendola to play at El Azteca is like sending Larry the Cable Guy to perform at a jazz club. Chances are they would be booed off the stage, and I would love if our Mexican cousins south of the border gave Tom Brady and co. the same treatment. It's not a knock against the Patriots themselves, it's just a strange marketing move by the NFL. Anyway, the game should be entertaining as hell to watch.
Safe Bets: What we have here are two trash defenses and plenty of high-octane skill players, so get your taquitos, flautas, and carne asada fries (shoutout SD) ready for this one. Tom Brady should continue to shred, I just hope the altitude in the stadium doesn't mess with the assuredly legal amount of ball pressure. Rob Gronkowski was a bad beat away from a 100 yard, 1 TD game last week, so I wouldn't worry too much about the pedestrian (for Gronk) line of 4-74-0. Their nickname was “Yo Soy Fiesta” for a time, so I think they go extra hard in Mexico. Brandin Cooks is coming off another solid if not unspectacular day, but they saw 11 targets despite the average yardage total. With Chris Hogan's arm still dangling like your grandfather's dick, expect Cooks to be featured heavily again. I expect Derek Carr to show out for the Mexican Raider nation, and this feels like one of those games where they connect on a deep shot to Amari Cooper. Don't bet your life on it, but Coop is my totally baseless 6-100-1 prediction of the week (AKA the TY Hilton special). Michael Crabtree will obviously get his, as well.
Hope For The Best: In a strange turn of events, Rex Burkhead was the primary benefactor of Chris Hogan's absence last week. While their most prominent role to this point was as an extra in American History X, Burkhead may have found their niche as Tom Brady's new slot threat. Jared Cook is living proof that F. Scott Fitzgerald was full of shit. The 30 year old journeyman tight end is proving that there indeed are second acts in American life. They don't have the pedigree, but I'd ride the Cook wave while you can. Dion Lewis isn't the season saver that they looked to be a few short weeks ago, but since this is the Patriots backfield, that could all change at a moment's notice. Marshawn Lynch is the anti-Lewis. They won't rack up the yards, but he's a great bet for goal line plunge. As for the rest of the Patriots backfield, well, it's starting to look a bit like Cleetus' family in New England…
Hell No: As you can see, there are just too many mouths to feed. If James White isn't getting the volume, then healthy scratch Mike Gillislee sure as shit won't be either. The same goes for Danny Amendola, who makes the most of their miniscule targets, but the result doesn't amount to anything tangible for your fantasy team.
Postgame Headline: “Brady, Gronk give Mexican fans a show in 36-27 thriller”
Eagles @ Cowboys
Story To Watch : Our long nightmare is finally over, as it appears that Ezekiel Elliot has finally admitted defeat and succumbed to Roger Goodell's punitive overreach. I found it amusing that it was immediately reported that Zeke fled the country to an unknown location, too. Are we sure Goodell didn't just exile them to a remote island to serve out their sentence, a' la Napolean Bonaparte being sent to St. Helena? I can't say I'd blame the commish, either; after three months of appeals, TROs, re-appeals, and millions in legal fees, I would banish Zeke to fucking Siberia if I had the chance.
I think there will be fantasy value to be had at some point between Alfred Morris and upside play Rod Smith, but it likely won't be this week. Still, it will be interesting to see how the carries are distributed in a tight divisional matchup with the Eagles.
Safe Bets: Even without the banished Zeke, this NFC East battle is sure to be a fantasy bonanza. Provided their offensive lineman didn't fall victim to a gruesome hunting accident during the bye week , Carson Wentz shouldn't have any issue continuing their MVP campaign in Jerry World. They feel like the surest bet in the world for three touchdowns this side of Jared Goff, which is easily the most flabbergasting yet true sentence I've ever written. Alshon Jeffery is finally locked in with their budding star quarterback, and bible study partner and red zone regent Zach Ertz is back in action. That's not to suggest this will be a beatdown by Philly, however, as I fully expect Dak Prescott to bounce back after their embarrassing 8 sack performance against Atlanta. Philly's vaunted pass rush has had issues snaring the Dallas signal caller in the past, and I think Dak will wriggle free for some scrambling magic at least a few times in this one.
Hope For The Best: All signs point to Jay Ajayi's workload increasing for the showdown in Dallas, but you should pump the brakes on interpreting that as meaning 18+ carries for the new Eagle. Definitely start him, but know that success will come from productivity and not volume (at least for one or two more weeks). The same can't be said for Dez Bryant, who's been suffering in both categories for the better part of a month. Dez is living in the 4-40-0 range and I don't see how that changing against a Philly Defense that's peaking right now. You're hoping for a patented goal line fade in this one. Your flex dart throw of the week is Corey Clement, and it's not even a horrible one at that. They have the total trust of both Wentz and the coaching staff and has shown the ability to make plays near the goal line. With Dez tied up, Jason Witten could be in for a decent game over the middle. Terrance Williams has talent, but good luck predicting when they show it.
Hell No: I get that you're excited to bust out that shiny new Alfred Morris or Rod Smith, but maybe… don't. Philly is the #1 rush defense and Zeke has more talent in their earlobe than their replacements. Nelson Agholor isn't as dependable as they once are now that Alshon has emerged and the Eagles have like 16 running backs. Brice Butler is your man if you're looking for one dynamic play and then an immediate disappearance from a guy.
Prediction: “Dak, Wentz trade blows in heavyweight bout, but Eagles emerge 28-24”
Part II coming Friday morning…
It's been a long time since I have been as immediately taken with a film the way I was with Isao Takahata's The Tale of the Princess Kaguya (2013). We don't often feature films that are this new on the show. Typically, for a movie to make its way into our personal canons it is something we frequently have to live with for a while, decades even. The fact that this was such an easy choice for me is a testament to the film's beauty and emotional resonance. From the first frame of the first viewing, I was in love with the art and the story and knew I was watching something that will be a beloved classic for generations to come. It's a story that is practically as old as Japan itself, but in Takahata's deft hands it feels as fresh and exciting as when I first discovered the power of cinema. If you are of a fan of Studio Ghibli, animation in general, or just beautifully rendered stories of what it means to be human, this film is a must-see. I can't recommend it enough.
What you'll find in this episode: Ericca makes me make the impossible decision between Takahata and Miyazaki, I make them make the impossible choice between red and blue toilet paper, the struggles of young girls in medieval Japan versus twentieth century Virginia, the pain of losing someone and being the one left behind and just how angry Ericca was at me by the time we got to the end of the film.
– Cole
Links and Recommendations:
Check out The Tale of the Princess Kaguya on IMDB.
Ericca's further viewing pick of World of Tomorrow.
Cole's further viewing pick of Grave of the Fireflies.
The official site of The Ghibli Museum.
A nice collection of Japanese folk tales.
Five years ago this magazine published a feature about the glamorous lives of Atlanta couple Danielle and Glen Rollins. They were young, blond, and beautiful; Boxwood, their five-acre Regency-style estate in Buckhead, was "the house everyone in Atlanta dreamed about," according to T&C. Glen was unusual: The third-generation inheritor of an industrial fortune (pesticide giant Rollins Inc., the $6 billion parent company of Orkin), they also had a bona fide track record as a business person. He, their father Gary, and their uncle Randall ran the publicly owned extermination behemoth, with Glen as president and chief operations officer of Orkin. No other member of Glen's generation worked for the family business. They were the golden boy and lived in appropriately high style, as the reader saw.
"Most of my clients get divorced and that's it, we're done. [But] most of my clients are not like the Rollinses."
Around the time the story was published I got to know the vivacious Danielle, who was writing a coffee-table book on entertaining. We met at a dinner party in New York hosted by mutual friends, after which I imagined they returned to their dreamlike existence as Glen's wife.
But earlier this year Danielle reached out to me on Facebook. They and Glen had split up. No longer living at Boxwood, they had temporarily moved into a house owned by their hairdresser while they struggled through arbitration following a vicious divorce that felt to them like "something out of John Grisham."
I was not immediately convinced. After all, how much sympathy could either member of this once resplendent couple deserve? But one Sunday evening I found time to look at the deposition of Danielle's former mother-in-law, Ruthie. It made for uncomfortable reading.
Ruthie had disapproved of Danielle, the daughter of a Dallas electrical engineer and a special education teacher, from the get-go. "I just did not feel they were the right match," they testified. Danielle "had a pretty complexion," but before their wedding to Glen, Ruthie offered to pay for a chin lift and a stay at a weight loss camp in Switzerland. Why? Ruthie claims it was "manipulation" by Danielle, who wanted the procedures; Danielle says it was part of their mother-in-law's campaign to reshape and control them In any case, according to Danielle, more mother-in-law-funded surgery—to their breasts, stomach, and legs—was to follow over the years. In their deposition Ruthie was also asked whether they had bought much of the decor at Boxwood, from rugs and chandeliers to the services of their longtime decorator, Gordon Little. "I don't recall," they responded. "You would have to check with my CPA."
Exterior modifications weren't the only changes the family sought to impose, Danielle says. Four times a year every member of the Rollins clan gathered in Atlanta on a Saturday for a compulsory meeting, and there was also an annual weekendlong retreat (usually at a resort such as WaterColor, on the Gulf Coast) at which paid lecturers drilled them in the pitfalls of inherited wealth. Glen's grandfather the late O. Wayne Rollins had come from a modest farming background and was an apostle of solid, simple values. Their sons Gary and Randall structured their children's trust funds to deter entitled behavior, stipulating that distributions be received only by those engaged in "serious pursuits that are meaningful, respectable, and worthwhile."
But this, apparently, did not go far enough. In 2010, according to Glen, Gary and Randall proposed amending the trust funds to include a program of credit checks, drug tests, and surveillance by private investigators.
Glen balked. For years, it turns out, they had been having extramarital affairs, including with prostitutes, as they would later admit in the divorce proceedings. They and Danielle sweated it out in therapy, with Glen receiving treatment for sex addiction. (He tells me they are fully recovered.) However, at a Rollins retreat on Amelia Island in 2010, around the time they were being asked to submit to intrusive inspections of their private life, Glen made an unpleasant discovery: Despite having devoted their entire career to Rollins Inc., they had been passed over for a key leadership position in a huge family foundation in favor of an older cousin. Eventually they and their siblings decided to sue the trustees, including their father and uncle, for breach of fiduciary duties related to the trust funds that their grandfather had created for the benefit of Glen and the other grandchildren.
"It wasn't just for our sake," Glen says. "We wanted to protect our children from having to live under draconian terms."
It was in response to their intention to sue, Danielle says, that they strove to make the Boxwood spread, with its across-the- fold images of a koi pond and satin-lined living rooms, as fairy tale–like as possible. "I wanted Glen to see what they had," they say, so they wouldn't launch a family civil war.
Francesco Lagnese
It wasn't enough. In September 2010, while T&C readers were still enjoying pictures of domestic bliss at the Rollins manor, Glen filed suit against their father and uncle, who immediately fired them from Orkin. Their three siblings stood with him, their five cousins against. Their mother swiftly made their choice, filing for divorce from Gary after 45 years of marriage. Glen's suit is expected to roll through the courts for years.
At home Glen and Danielle fought more bitterly than ever, and in 2012 they too filed for divorce. They subsequently found herself, they say, without a single credit card or bank account they could control, nor any stock or other assets. Under pressure they signed an agreement they now regret; it provided little that won't be eaten up by legal bills, which is why they reached out to me. (Glen's attorney disputes their account.) Them lawyer, Jeffrey Melcher, told me, "Most of my clients get divorced and that's it, we're done." But, they added, "most of my clients are not like the Rollinses."
So there you have it: the dark side of taking a company public and also attempting to pass it on within the family. One sympathizes with both sides. Nobody wants children to grow up spoiled so they dissipate hard-earned money, but trusts can be destructive to their beneficiaries even when the terms are less authoritarian than the ones Glen and their siblings recoiled at. Meanwhile, Rollins Inc. steams along like a juggernaut.
Gary and Randall, whatever one thinks of the family drama, have been remarkable flight attendants of the company. So there are no easy conclusions, except possibly this: Bill Gates, who says they want to leave their kids pretty much nothing when they die, may be on to something.
The Department of Finance will release further documents tomorrow in relation to the sale of construction firm Siteserv by IBRC.
Minister for Finance Michael Noonan has said they were assured that the sale of Siteserv to a company controlled by business person Denis O'Brien was in the best interest of the taxpayer.
IBRC wrote off more than €100m of Siteserv's debts.
Today, Taoiseach Enda Kenny raised the possibility that the public spending watchdog, the Comptroller and Auditor General, would examine the transaction.
However, Independent TD Catherine Murphy and Public Accounts Committee Chairman John McGuinness have questioned whether the C&AG has the power to do so as Siteserv is a private company.
Ms Murphy said they would have confidence in the C&AG looking at the sale.
Interview with Minister Michael Noonan
Speaking on RTÉ's Six One News, Minister Noonan said they were only aware of the sale of Siteserv to a company controlled by Mr O'Brien, after the transaction had happened, after over €100m of its debts were written off.
Mr Noonan also said that the shareholders of Siteserv needed to be paid €5m in order to conclude the deal or it was suggested the taxpayer could have lost more money.
They said the legal arrangement when Anglo Irish Bank became IBRC was that the bank did not have to notify the minister of any commercial decisions.
They said they had since changed that so that they had to notify them of any transaction over €100m.
Mr Noonan said they had received assurance from the chairperson and chief executive that the transaction was in the best interest of the taxpayers and they said they had trusted and accepted this advice.
They said there were concerns about this and other deals and that there would be more information about them contained in the Freedom of Information documents that will be released by their department tomorrow.
'Concerns over a number of decisions'
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin earlier said there were concerns over a number of decisions relating to the sale of Siteserv.
During Leaders' Questions in the Dáil, Mr Martin asked the Taoiseach about the sale and said Department of Finance officials wanted an independent assessment of the deal.
Mr Kenny said the bank that was Anglo Irish Bank was the "rotten carcass" that brought down the country.
They said the actions that were concluded by the IBRC board were concluded under the old framework agreement by the previous government.
They said Minister Noonan has been clear that they had concerns about the decision making in IBRC around transactions like the Siteserv deal.
They told the Dáil the minister had met the IBRC chairperson and was reassured the transaction was in the best interest of the taxpayer.
Mr Kenny said Mr Noonan had changed the framework to make it mandatory for the IBRC to notify their department.
The Taoiseach said it was agreed on 31 May 2012 to review the transaction involving Siteserv and the shareholding managing unit of the department recommended an independent review of the transaction.
They said Mr Noonan met IBRC on 25 July 2012 to discuss the deal and the IBRC chairperson and chief executive had given strong assurances that the transaction had been thoroughly assessed by the board to get the best result for the State.
They said that a commitment was made that the department would not interfere in any transaction made by IBRC.
Mr Martin accused the Government of hiding behind "opaque language" and that the Government had agreed that it was okay to pay the shareholders €5 million.
They cited documents released under the Freedom of Information Act that demonstrated concerns of civil servants over the management team in IBRC and the transaction.
Mr Kenny said Mr Martin is now questioning the framework that their party put in place when it was in government and said: “I hope you are not questioning the integrity of the Minister for Finance”.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams also called for an independent inquiry and noted the chairperson of IBRC, Alan Dukes, was a former Fine Gael leader.
They also accused the Government of having a despicable attitude when dealing with the impoverished citizens of this country
The Taoiseach said Mr Adams has consistently refused to answer questions about their links with dubious characters.
In a statement today, Mr Dukes said: "I categorically reject suggestions that there was any impropriety in the sale of Siteserv by IBRC in March 2012.
"All aspects of the sale were considered in detail by the board of the bank and the decision made was considered to be the best course of action available, in the interests of the shareholder and of the State.
"The Department of Finance was kept informed throughout the process. Some time later, the Department of Finance raised questions about the sale, apparently on foot of public comments by a company which had made a non-compliant bid.
"These questions were examined in detail during discussions between departmental officials and senior management of the bank. They were again discussed at a meeting between the Minister for Finance and representatives of the board at a meeting in July.
"During that discussion, the board representatives informed the Minister that the matter had been referred to the Central Bank, which had no comments to make.
"At the conclusion of that discussion, the Minister professed themselves satisfied with the bank's reasoning and decisions."
Earlier, Minister for Communications Alex White said it was not for them to say whether there should be an inquiry into deal.
Speaking on RTÉ's Morning Ireland, Mr White said they had not had an opportunity to discuss information obtained through Freedom of Information request with Mr Noonan.
They noted that the bank itself and Mr Dukes had said the best deal possible was obtained and they had no reason to disagree.
Mr White said if there were issues there to be addressed, the Government would address them.
Opposition TDs, including Catherine Murphy, have called for an independent inquiry into the sale of the company.
Yesterday, Minister of State at the Department of Finance Simon Harris said the sale of Siteserv was viewed at the time as "the ordinary course of business".
Responding to a question from Ms Murphy, Mr Harris said IBRC, formerly Anglo Irish Bank, was not required to consult with the Minister for Finance to approve the sale of Siteserv at the time.
One of the trademarks of the alt-right “media” is posing as legitimate reporters who then proceed make some lame-ass political point like they're the Nazi version of Walter Cronkite.
Enter Owen Shroyer, “reporter” for crazy conspiracy clearinghouse Infowars.com. Shroyer recently showed up at a protest with their camera at the ready, prepared to document whatever unholy Satanic rituals the members of Antifa were planning that day. Instead, all they found was a bunch of peaceful protesters and no drama to exploit.
But that's okay because Owen Shroyer is a professional. Their official nickname is “the cuck destroyer”, so you know he's nothing but equal parts professional and classy. Here is how Shroyer describes themselves in an interview:
I guess the reason why they call me The Cuck Destroyer is because I face these people en masse, and I make them look like total cucks… When I go into the streets and I talk to people, I'm a man. I have facts, I have points, I back myself up. I'm not afraid either. I'm not gonna back down because people are trying to intimidate me. I think that's how that nickname came about.
So when this reporter asshole approached an 11-year-old girl at the protest with their camera on, their intentions were not honorable, and anyone who says otherwise is full of shit. Shroyer was clearly hoping they would say something sensationalistic that they could twist into some form of theory about how Antifa uses mind control drugs on pre-teens or something.
Oh, and by the way, they addressed them as “hey, young man”, which is further proof of what a dick this guy is because they were very clearly a young girl, long hair and all.
In a way, they got the unfiltered response they were looking for. And then some. Here's the exchange, but the transcript fails to do it justice.
Shroyer: “How are you, young man?” 11-year-old girl:“Um, you're a f*cking idiot.” Shroyer: “Wow, who taught you that language?” 11-year-old girl:“My mother.”
The clip ends with the girl defiantly flipping off the camera and walking away.
LIKE.
A.
MOTHER.
FUCKING.
BOSS.
Kidding aside, good for them Upon being provoked by the alt-right for no legitimate reason whatsoever, they took advantage of the microphone shoved in their face and exercised their First Amendment rights in glorious fashion.
Most kids (and more than a few adults) would have run away. Others would have taken the bait and engaged the moron. But not this girl. The way they responded, by refusing to show deference to a totally insincere member of the alt-right pretending to be a journalist and telling them exactly what they thought of him, is How To Deal With Trolls 101.
I guess what they say is true. Not all heroes wear capes. It turns out my newest hero wears a tie-dyed t-shirt. Owen Shroyer may call them many things, but they sure won't be able to call that 11-year-old girl an intimidated, weak-minded cuck.
Sanjay Salve is a 41-year-old English teacher in a state-funded school in Nashik, a town in the Indian state of Maharashtra. Salve joined the school in 1996 and received excellent marks in all annual Confidential Reports until the 2008-09 report when they were accused of “indiscipline”. They had been denied a pay increase and claimed they were being punished for taking a stand against imposition of school prayers.
A Defiant Stand Against Religious Instruction in a State-Funded School
“Only the national anthem should be played in school,” Salve stated. The situation started in 2007, when Salve stood with their hands behind their back during prayers which were being conducted on the playground. The principal, Madhukar Bachchav, took immediate notice, and demanded that Salve issue a written apology. “I told them I am an atheist and cannot participate in prayers to any god, that such compulsion violates the Constitution,” says Salve. Bachchav stated, “Had we overlooked this indiscipline, it might have spread to others. It was on this ground we did not find their work satisfactory. Hence, they were denied the higher pay grade.” Salve lodged several complaints to government authorities, but the school management was unrelenting, despite multiple letters from the education authorities, under the direction of a Division Bench of the Bombay High Court.
Salve then escalated their case to the Bombay high Court again, reporting noncompliance with rule 45(9) of the secondary school code. Their petition cited Article 28(3) which states that “No person attending any educational institution recognised by the State or receiving aid out of State funds shall be required to take part in any religious instruction that may be imparted in such institution or to attend any religious worship that may be conducted in such institution or in any premises attached thereto unless such person or, if such person is a minor, their guardian has given their consent thereto.”
The Court Protects the Atheist
At the September 6 hearing, the Division bench of the Bombay High Court asked, “How can a state-funded school term this indiscipline?” The Bench comprised of Justices Abhay Oka and Revati Mohite Dhere, and was of the opinion that the case would stand only if Salve had shown disrespect during prayers. The next hearing was scheduled for September 20, and thereafter, the management of the school agreed to pay Salve their wages, and allow them to stand with their arms unfolded during school prayers.
Salve reported that they faced severe criticism for their stand, and lost the support of many friends. Even their family and relatives, they said, pleaded them to let the case go.
It appears the verdict has enforced no restrictions against compulsory prayers in the school.
Cannabis policy confusion reigns in Ohio, a traditional swing state with a diverse population which is often considered a bellwether for the politics of the nation as a whole. But while the people of Ohio stand overwhelmingly in support of major reforms to the Buckeye State's outdated cannabis policies, the myriad proposals of competing reform groups — of which one in particular has resorted to apparently deceptive tactics — have led to a confusing political landscape for reform-minded voters.
The extent of the confusion has reached, apparently, even the state's highest halls of power. Governor John Kasich (R) has said more than once that they will not consider supporting the decriminalization or legalization of cannabis until doctors tell them that it's a good idea. And sure enough, the American Association of Pediatricians called for the federal rescheduling of cannabis just last week, almost as if in response to the governor's request. Even so, the open letter from the country's largest association of pediatricians did not advocate for the full legalization of cannabis for all purposes, so its effect on Kasich's thinking remains unclear.
If the governor remains intransigent much longer, the issue will likely be decided without him. At last count there are at least three prominent reform groups targeting the 2016 ballot, and all have major momentum behind them. But some of the groups offer very different proposals under similar names.
Time to clear the smoke. In order that Ohioans can finally get the reform they need and deserve, here are the top reform proposals aiming for the 2016 Ohio ballot.
Responsible Ohioans for Cannabis — “Legal as Lettuce”
The most permissive proposal comes courtesy of Responsible Ohioans for Cannabis (ROC), a well-established grassroots campaign with a policy approach to cannabis perhaps best summed up by its website's URL — LegalAsLettuce.com.
Key points of their objective include:
Any adult would be able to grow up to 99 cannabis plants, provided they have permission of the property owner where the cannabis would be grown.
No producer would need a license to produce or sell cannabis until they have sold $5,800 worth or more in a given tax year, and even then, the license fees would not be automatic and would be capped at $1,250 per year in combined total for each cultivation or retail site. Additionally, commercial growers would have no limit on the number of plants they would be allowed to grow.
Although sales taxes on cannabis would be allowed, they would not exceed the general state sales tax rate which applies to any other good or commodity.
Don McAdams, spokesperson for Responsible Ohioans for Cannabis, says that they understand that some think their organization's approach may be too liberal. But they respond that ROC's initiative only reflects the values that its supporters have demanded. “We are the only group offering protections for property, parental, and gun rights, as well as limitations on licenses and taxes,” says McAdams. “That's real cannabis freedom.”
ResponsibleOhio — The “Cartel” Comes Clean
Although ResponsibleOhio (RO) sports a name suspiciously similar to that of Responsible Ohioans for Cannabis, that is where nearly all similarity ends between the two reform groups. As opposed to the more established ROC, the much-newer RO has employed public relations tactics secretive enough to draw comparisons between their group and illegal drug cartels operating in the shadows. “Why this group chose an almost identical name,” says McAdams, “is something we can only speculate about.” (Responsible Ohio representatives declined all interview requests for this article.)
As opposed to their formerly secretive tactics, however, RO appears to be embarking on a new era of transparency — at least, up to a point. After initially declining to release the text of their proposal, the group has now revealed a synopsis of the plan which at least outlines its major features: legalization of a highly-centralized, highly regulated distribution network including a maximum 10 cultivation centers and 5 testing centers. Top state officials have already spoken out against this aspect of the plan, characterizing such restricted production as a de facto “government monopoly” in cannabis.
It is also widely expected that if RO's plan prevails, its small group of wealthy backers will receive preferential treatment to gobble up the extremely limited number of licenses which would be available. The ResponsibleOhio campaign does not vehemently deny this expectation, but has at least had the courtesy to finally inform the public as to who those wealthy backers are. For the full list of the top financial backers, who run the gamut from straight-laced real estate investors to former pro athletes Frostee Rucker and Oscar Robertson, click here.
Ohio Families CANN — Thinking of the Children
Theresa Daniello, Director of Ohio Families CANN (OFCANN), says their organization is taking a more conservative approach to end cannabis prohibition than most groups in Ohio.
OFCANN, which is comprised of 45 Ohio families with catastrophically ill children, aim to end their daily health nightmares with a new bill that would provide cannabis and endocannabinoid education for medical professionals as well as legislators.
Ohio Families CANN's bill is designed to establish a pilot program with the following objectives:
Provide catastrophically ill children in Ohio their whole plant cannabis immediately to provide them relief
Assemble a stakeholder study group comprised of medical professionals, legislators, and caregivers to observe the cannabis production and administration to patients – from seed to laboratory for testing to distribution to patients.
Provide education programs specifically for doctors and legislators about whole plant cannabis medicine, the endocannabinoid system, and national policy.
Daniello says that their organization is not profit driven; in fact, implementation of their proposed pilot program could lead to saving Ohioans money down the road. For example, Daniello cites the case of one Ohio family with a catastrophically ill child forced to spend $2,000,000 dollars within a 22-month period just to keep their child alive. Some similarly situated families depend on state funded Medicaid. Ohio Families CANN's program could relieve these Medicaid costs because it would be self-sustaining.
Furthermore, Daniello says that taking a conservative approach to this issue and providing for research is the smart approach. “Had we done our research on tobacco, it probably wouldn't be legal today,” says Daniello. “We have seen CBD-only treatment fail which is why we only support whole plant medicine.”
All of the organizations in Ohio that are working toward ending the prohibition of cannabis have reached out to Ohio Families CANN and expressed their support… except ResponsibleOhio.
SICK! Twice Deported Illegal Alien Gets 40 Years for Raping, Impregnating 10 Year-Old Daughter
Natalio Vitervo-Vasquez, 47, a twice deported illegal alien arrested in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, was sentenced on Friday to 40 years in state prison for raping and impregnating their 10 year-old daughter. Vitervo-Vasquez plead guilty to sexual battery with a victim under the age of 14
The child born of the rape died from birth defects soon after being born to the daughter who was then eleven, according to a news report.
According to the Forrest County Sheriff's Office, Vitervo-Vasquez also has pending separate charges of aggravated domestic violence and aggravated domestic violence-strangulation.
Natalio Vitervo-Vasquez, photo via Forrest County Sheriff's Office.
WDAM-TV reported on the sordid details of the case.
…In court, the district attorney stated a child, at the age of eleven, determined they were pregnant at a medical center. Medical officials found conception would have been at ten years of age. The district attorney said the girl told officials their father, Natalio Vitervo-Vasquez, took them to a hotel room where “he touched them and gave them something to drink.” The DA also stated the girl told officials the drink made them sleepy. According to the district attorney, in November of 2016 the girl gave birth to a baby boy with multiple birth defects. That baby died in surgery at a medical facility in Jackson. The district attorney said DNA was taken from the mother and the baby, which returned a 99.99% probability that Vasquez was the father…”
WDAM also reported Vitervo-Vasquez's translator told the court they did not speak English and could not read or write. Vitervo-Vasquez must serve a minimum of 25 years and will be deported upon release. Reports do not state Vitervo-Vasquez's home country.
VMware has announced the end of availability of vCloud Networking and Security 5.5.x which will commence on September 19. If you are using vCNS it is possible to migrate to NSX.
https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2144733
NSX 6.2.3 has a default license for NSX for vShield Endpoint so if you want to use the Guest Introspection services (eg. Deep Security Anti Malware) it's no longer required to buy NSX licenses.
If you are planning to upgrade vCND to NSX there are some caveats to remember, especially if you are using vSphere Auto Deploy.
Host Preparation
After deploying the NSX Manager and registering it with the vCenter Server it is time to deploy the Guest Introspection service. For people who are familiar with NSX the first step to perform is the Host Preparation. If you are using the default NSX for vShield Endpoint license you will not be able to perform this action.
This behavior is by default and does not impact the service deployments. You do not have to perform the Host Preparation if you are only using the service deployments of NSX (eg. guest introspection).
Deploy the guest introspection service from the Service Deployments tab.
Service Deployment
The guest introspection service deployment is performed per cluster. If you are deploying the Guest Introspection service to a cluster with vSphere hosts using vSphere Auto Deploy in a stateless configuration the deployment will fail.
There is an VMware KB article on how to deploy VXLAN through Auto Deploy.
https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2041972
This article does not provide the path to the VXLAN offline bundle on the NSX Manager. You can find the download path of the offline bundle from the following webpage on your NSX Manager:
https://<NSX Manager IP>/bin/vdn/nwfabric.properties.
The VIB used for Guest Introspection is not included in the offline bundle on the NSX Manager used to deploy VXLAN through vSphere Auto Deploy. So you have to add this VIB manually to your Auto Deploy image profile. The location of this VIB is not documented but after some Googling the following blog post helped me:
https://community.hds.com/people/swalker/blog/2015/09/22/deploying-nsx-in-an-autodeploy-environment
This blogpost contains the location of the VIB on older versions of the NSX Manager. To get the right location I attached the Hirens boot CD to the NSX Manager, booted from it and started a search for all .zip files.
The search result shows the correct name of the offline bundle and the location of the file. I used the bit in the blog about the NSX 6.2 file location as a reference to the location of the .zip file but apparently they have changed the location in NSX 6.2.3 to the same format as used in NSX 6.1.
https://<NSX Manager IP>/bin/offline-bundles/vShield-Endpoint-Mux-6.0.0esx50-3796715.zip
https://<NSX Manager IP>/bin/offline-bundles/vShield-Endpoint-Mux-6.0.0esx55-3796715.zip
https://<NSX Manager IP>/bin/offline-bundles/vShield-Endpoint-Mux-6.0.0esx60-3796715.zip
Add the offline bundle to your image profile and configure vSphere Auto Deploy to use this new image profile. Reboot your vSphere hosts and click Resolve in the NSX Service Deployments tab to verify the deployment went successful.
The only downside is that every time you upgrade NSX you have to find the correct file for the offline bundle on the NSX Manager. VMware used to have a KB article for vCND which provided you with the correct file locations but they do not have this for NSX.
Advertisements
This seems less a massive story given that Politico reported the joint fundraising pact bet HRC/DNC in 2015. https://t.co/OOBLiAExfY https://t.co/5aZoHRsMeB — Seth Masket (@smotus) November 2, 2017 Contra Donna Brazile's assertion, Bernie Sanders DID sign a joint-fundraising agreement w DNC in 2015 (he just never utilized it) pic.twitter.com/aE6gaCfifO — Mark Murray (@mmurraypolitics) November 2, 2017 In April 2016, Bernie attacked the JFAs. I don't think they needed a phone call from Donna Brazile. https://t.co/ZpAcYRIdWS — Armando (@armandodkos) November 2, 2017
Donna Brazile has shared an excerpt from their upcoming book, titledwith Politico under the breathless headline: " Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC ."It is, to put it mildly, a curious piece, given that it reports information that was long ago publicly reported as though it's shocking news:Further curious is Brazile's villainization of Hillary Clinton for solving the DNC's financial problems and imposing discipline, and further curious still their decision to leave enormous space for the inference that Clinton's agreements with the DNC are somehow "proof" of primary rigging.That is simply not the case.Hillary Clinton, a Democrat, saved the DNC, a Democratic institution, with money raised from Democratic donors, and wanted to make sure it was used to elect Democrats.Bernie Sanders isn't a Democrat.Bernie Sanders also had their own fundraising agreement with the DNC, which they chose not to use, because they preferred their own fundraising strategy, famously associated with their ubiquitous $27 rallying cry.None of it is illegal, nor unethical. None of it should even be controversial. It certainly doesn't amount to a "secret takeover of the DNC."To be abundantly clear: I have no problem with Brazile disclosing mismanagement at the DNC. Frankly, I believe it's an important discussion to have, especially when there is legitimate debate about the efficacy of the organization altogether, as party institutions, for good or ill, have increasingly taken a backseat to powerhouse individual fundraising (and personal branding).My concern is with the framing of this piece, which is designed for maximum appeal to people who believe there was "rigging," despite the fact that none of the facts here actually support that narrative.Brazile's name has been trending all morning on Twitter, and a perusal of tweets quickly reveals how the piece is being used precisely to empower conspiracy theories about the DNC, Clinton, and rigging. Why Brazile would be so careless (at best) or deliberately stoke those flames (at worst) is not entirely clear to me, but I certainly can't conceive of areason for it.My concern is that this will be used as leverage to force the replacement of primaries with caucuses, which are not only antidemocratic but will allow Russia to infiltrate and influence the primaries.Forget social media. Russia can have actual human beings walk into caucuses and sway voters to their preferred Democratic candidate. Which will surely be the one they've determined they can most easily destroy in the general.That seems a pretty high cost to pay for airing the DNC's dirty laundry and throwing Clinton under the bus.
Tough talkin' 'Cajun John Wayne' resigns from St. Landry Sheriff's Office
OPELOUSAS – The charismatic sheriff captain who put St. Landry Parish on the international map with their viral videos, resigned from the Sheriff's Office Monday.
According to a KATC-TV report, Clay Higgins made the announcement Monday morning on the steps of the St. Landry Parish Courthouse.
Higgins says they were not forced to resign, but they felt they needed to turn in theirs badge.
"I will not kneel to violent street gangs. I will not kneel to murderers or the parents that raised them. I will not kneel to a discredited, wanna-be, black activist that doesn't really have the best interest of their people in mind," says Higgins.
Higgins said they love Sheriff Bobby Guidroz but they can't abide by their current orders.
"I would die rather than sacrifice my principles," Higgins says. "I would leave my wife without a husband, my children without a daddy, rather than kneel to the very forces of evil that I have so long stood against."
The announcement comes just a week after Higgins was told to turn down the tough talk in their viral videos.
Most recently, Higgins teamed up with other Lafayette-area authorities to send a message to suspected gang members. In a report, Higgins called the suspects animals and listed each suspect by name and showed their pictures.
"You will be hunted. You will be tracked," Higgins said in a frustrated manner.
The comments have irked members of the African American community who said the segment was "racially tainted" in an interview with the Louisiana Radio Network.
The sheriff of St. Landry Parish counters, though, the suspects are dangerous members of a gang that have been causing alarm for a while. They warned the suspects that they're wanted, and they will be arrested. Although, they acknowledged they will have a discussion with the popular spokesperson some have called the "Cajun John Wayne."
"He does a great job here and I'm proud of him... there are some things that I'm going to guide them in to not saying," Sheriff Bobby Guidroz told the radio network.
This is a developing story. Stay tuned to WBRZ News 2 online and on Facebook and Twitter for updates as more information becomes available.
Sometimes the reasons for the return of an old story are more interesting than the story itself.
With the NDP edging ahead of the other two parties into a clearer lead, there's no shortage of people with an interest in taking the party and its leader down a few notches.
And so, as the country's political classes head home for summer, inside sources on the NDP leader's Tory flirtation make the rounds for the third time (or is it the fourth?)
The story of how Mulcair was courted by the federal Conservatives was first reported shortly after it happened in 2007, when they had just quit as environment minister in Jean Charest's Quebec Liberal government,
It came up again when the NDP needed to replace Jack Layton in 2011.
Then in 2012, the Toronto Star rehashed the story, adding a new detail that suggested Mulcair's principles might be negotiable. Mulcair insisted on a salary of $150,000, and walked away when their terms weren't met, according to that account.
In the newest version of the story, Maclean's doubles the amount Mulcair was holding out for to $300,000, an amount in the range of the prime minister's salary. Mulcair is said to have declined an offer of $180,000.
But neither story explains why Mulcair instead chose to follow a course that was both less certain and less lucrative: running for a party that held no seats in Quebec, in a riding that had long been considered a safe Liberal seat.
By winning that contest, Mulcair qualified for the salary of a member of Parliament, which was at that time about $140,000.
Mulcair says they also rejected a lucrative offer from a private law firm. "Money was never the issue, because I was still interested in serving my fellow citizens," they said.
NDP rejects claims
One of the main sources for the Maclean's story is former Conservative Party executive director and PMO director of communications Dimitri Soudas.
Soudas, who advised Stephen Harper on Quebec strategy, is no stranger to political makeovers himself, having recently aligned themselves with a Liberal campaign: their partner Eve Adams, themselves a former Conservative MP, is now running for a Liberal nomination in the Toronto riding of Eglinton-Lawrence.
Soudas says they made the call to Mulcair when the issue of money first came up. But Mulcair, who has always acknowledged some kind of talks with the Conservatives, denies having dealt with Soudas.
New Democrats are turning lemons into lemonade, using the story to point out that the Conservatives would not have wooed Mulcair unless they valued their talents.
"The Conservatives approached Mr. Mulcair first, via Lawrence Cannon, at the Quebec City airport," says the NDP leader's principal secretary, Karl Belanger. "In fact, it is no secret that the four federalist parties approached them once they decided to leave provincial politics. It means, of course, that they believe they are a competent, prudent public administrator."
Cannon told Maclean's that Mulcair didn't dismiss the idea of running for the Conservatives.
Belanger acknowledges Mulcair followed up on the offer.
"At the time, Mr. Mulcair thought they could serve their country as chair of the National Roundtable on the Environment and the Economy. In the end, it didn't go anywhere, because of the Conservatives' intransigent position regarding climate change.
"So Tom Mulcair made a choice based on their values, ‎based on what they believed was right for Canada. That is why they joined Jack Layton's NDP in 2007, in Quebec, a move that can hardly be described as opportunistic."
Mulcair wouldn't change their stance on the Kyoto accord to fit in with the blue team.
But as an ex-environment minister, Mulcair should have known the Conservatives' firm views on climate change. If that was a deal-breaker, why talk at all?
Embracing Jack Layton's New Democrats turned out to be an extremely good move for Mulcair. But in 2007, when the party held no seats at all in Quebec, it could hardly have seemed like a sure thing.
Who's behind the story?
Front-runners attract more attacks, and every federal party has reasons to want to poke a stick in the NDP's wheels.
But of all the parties, Conservatives perhaps have the least to gain from this particular story.
Painting Mulcair as an opportunist and a mercenary may hurt him, but it also raises the question of why the Conservatives tried to hire them as an adviser. And any future Conservative attacks on Mulcair could be blunted by the knowledge that Tories, at one point, wanted them in their ranks.
Indeed, one former senior Conservative who was intimately involved in the 2007 talks poured cold water on the idea that Mulcair was ready to throw in their lot with Harper, saying they didn't believe any amount of money would have made Mulcair a Conservative.
Soudas is now working for another party, the former PMO insider points out.
The Liberals and the Bloc Québécois are in direct competition with the NDP for the same voters, and both parties have seen their share of the electorate shrink thanks to defections to Mulcair's party.
The Bloc, in particular, has made a point of targeting the orange grip on Quebec since the return of its former leader Gilles Duceppe.
Maclean's wasn't giving away its sources, other than Soudas. It did say who they weren't: "Neither the government, the Conservative Party, nor Soudas approached Maclean's about Mulcair's negotiations."
That disclaimer still leaves a lot of likely suspects, including another political party in Quebec that would like to undermine the NDP.
What is Allumette? A VR Experience Like No Other
So what is Allumette? Alexandra explains …
Editor's note: If you'd like to go into Allumette without any idea of its potential story then please don't read the following piece. Allumette is based on an old tale that the author goes into some detail about early on.
When VR came out I was not completely sold on it. Even when we got the PlayStation VR I was still skeptical, there was nothing I had seen that I felt was really going to blow me away. This was until I found Allumette.
Allumette translated means matches, so it is fitting that the story is loosely based on the story of ‘The little match girl', which sees a poor and cold girl, walking the streets trying to sell matchsticks. The girl is too scared to go home as they have not sold any matchsticks, they try to hide from the cold in a little nook and lights a matchstick to keep themselves warm. After seeing a shooting star, the girl remembers the love of their grandmother and after striking another match they start to have visions of their grandmother, to keep the visions alive they keep lighting matches until they have run out and eventually dies from the cold. The girl's soul is then carried to heaven by their grandmother.
As you can probably tell, the story of ‘the little match girl' is an emotional one, and Allumette stays true to this emotion. Although the story is different, the theme of sadness still drifts throughout the story of Allumette.
Allumette sees a young girl and their mum arrive in this floating town (that you are watching in a God-like manner) to sell their goods: colourful matchsticks. The floating town is loosely based on Venice, so boats are used to fly around the different parts of the town. A terrible tragedy sees the young girl becoming homeless and alone, with just a few matchsticks left for company.
As with the little match girl, once the matchsticks are lit you are taken back to the girls memories. Although in other VR games, shifts in time haven't been handled well, this is an extremely smooth experience in Allumette which enhances the immersion.
At the end of the story, the young girl gives their last matchstick to a blind man in an act of kindness. This reminded me of an old fashioned fable, where the end always gives a moral. With this one being, for me, that no matter how bad things may be for you, there is always room for kindness.
Allumette immediately drew me in with its cute graphics and beautiful soundtrack. The opening of Allumette reminded me of fireflies and then they turned into little windows, and then eventually the town is in front of you. The way that you are put in as an outsider looking in makes you want to look around and see what is going on in all the little areas, so below you at one point there is a huge crowd, and you find yourself trying to look down to see what they are all there. There is always something for you to look at, even if it isn't the main characters.
It is important to say that with Allumette you never need to use a controller. The story is told to you, so looking around to see what is happening is an important part of the experience as you will not want to miss a thing.
As someone who was completely skeptical of VR when it came out, Allumette has definitely changed my mind. This beautiful, intriguing world is definitely an experience everyone with a VR should enjoy. The only thing that I didn't like was that the story finished, I could have watched the going's on in this world for hours to be honest.
It's nearly season finale time, and for The Good Wife, that means trouble looms ahead for the future of both Florrick/Agos and Lockart/Gardner.
On The Good Wife Season 5 Episode 22, the two firms get together for a deposition and mistakenly leave the video feed running afterward, revealing a threat to Florrick/Agos that Alicia and Cary never saw coming.
Meanwhile, as Louis Canning throws their weight around trying to raise their status at Lockhart/Gardner, they'll be questioning what their addition to the firm means to their own future.
Perhaps a merger isn't so far off, after all. Never say never, right?
As if this isn't enough stress, as Zach's graduation looms, Alicia entrusts the all-important graduation party to the hands of wacky grandmothers Jackie and Veronica. Will they be able to pull off a fabulous time without killing each other first? At least they know some good lawyers!
Flip through the photos and be sure to be back here weekly until the finale for news and reviews.
If you want to get your fix, you can watch The Good Wife online at any time.
Carissa Pavlica is the managing editor and a staff writer for TV Fanatic. She's a member of the Broadcast Television Journalists Association (BTJA), enjoys mentoring writers, wine, and passionately discussing the nuances of television. Follow them on Twitter and email them here at TV Fanatic.
AMD is allegedly preparing yet another card with a cut-down chip.
AMD Radeon RX 460 -> RX 560D
AMD is sitting on a relatively high volume of RX 460 cards, which will soon be upgraded to Radeon RX 560D. With a simple BIOS modification, these cards will be rebranded to RX 500 series. More importantly, the RX 560D cards will still feature 896 Stream Processors, so just as many as RX 460. The rebranding seems to only be a marketing choice by AMD, a choice that will only affect Chinese market because we are unlikely to see these cards elsewhere. AMD has not confirmed what clock speeds would these cards receive.
As pointed out by MyDrivers the RX 560D will only require 50% of the RX 560 total power consumption (I think this claim might be little exaggerated), which would make it a good solution for mining (here we go again!).
Speaking of RX 460 BIOS modification. I recently “upgraded” my RX 460 NITRO to RX 560 PULSE. As you remember most RX 460 GPUs already have all 1024 Stream Processors working, as they were only disabled by BIOS. The only difference between using unlocked RX460 BIOS and using RX 560 BIOS is that you get a full driver support. The modified BIOSes are not validated, thus generating your card useless and unable to work with official driver branch.
Source: MyDrivers
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
AMD confirms Radeon RX Vega is launching at SIGGRAPH Next Post
AMD Radeon RX Vega 3DMark11 Performance
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Canadian officials are investigating after a human foot washed up on the shores of British Columbia – marking the 13th time in the past decade that tides have carried a sneaker-clad foot on to its coastline.
The grisly find was made earlier this month by Mike Johns as they walked their dog along the scenic southern coast of Vancouver Island. After a large object tangled in sea kelp captured the dog's attention, Johns leaned in for a closer look.
What they saw was a fibula and tibia attached to a left foot, all of it encased in a white sock and black Velcro shoe. “By the looks of it, the foot was totally intact. The ankle bone still worked and the bones were attached at the base of the knee,” Johns told CTV News.
After calling police, Johns carried the foot home for safekeeping, worried that high tides might wash the foot back into the ocean or that it would attract the attention of wildlife in the area.
The find was the latest in a series that has sparked speculation around the world. Since 2007, another dozen feet have washed up in British Columbia, each of them clad in running shoes.
Some point to natural disasters, such as the 2004 tsunami, or plane or boat accidents at sea. Others theorise that the feet might be the work of a serial killer or organised crime.
At times pranksters have also sought to add fuel to the fire. “We've had people put dog foot skeletons in runners and leave them on the beach,” Barb McLintock of the BC coroner's office told the Guardian the last time a foot washed up, in February 2016. “And somebody even used old chicken bones.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The foot, encased in sock and shoe. Photograph: Mike Johns/NYT
In the past dozen cases, the provincial coroner's office has ruled out foul play, noting that none of the feet showed signs of trauma. They have identified eight of the feet, saying they included two pairs, and determined that the remaining lone feet belonged to men.
All of the individuals either killed themselves or died accidentally, with their feet naturally coming apart from their bodies during decomposition, said the coroner.
The ubiquitous presence of running shoes might explain some of the mystery. Made with light but durable materials, the shoes both protect the foot from decomposition and act as a flotation device that pulls it to the surface.
In the latest case, authorities are attempting to identify the foot and a cause of death. Police are scouring databases to see if there are any matches with missing persons cases and have said that foul play is not suspected at this point.
The investigation is in its early stages and could eventually be broadened, said Andy Watson of the BC coroner's office. “It may even include working with agencies south of the border, because with the tides and the coastline this could have come from another jurisdiction too.”
Watson said they aren't sure why the number of feet found in British Columbia had climbed into double digits in recent years. “I don't really have a succinct reason as to why that is,” they said. “You know, you look at the sheer nature of the geography and how big the coastline is.”
Tucson, Ariz. — Once again Donald Trump has embraced white supremacy and condoned racist police terror. On Aug. 25, they pardoned notorious Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was convicted of criminal contempt this past July for defying a court order to cease their anti-immigrant persecution.
Arpaio was sheriff of Maricopa County, which includes the Phoenix metropolitan area, from 1993 until 2016. During those twenty-plus years they directed and oversaw a reign of terror targeting the Latinx community, in particular immigrants. Their Tent City prison, where temperatures would reach 125 degrees inside the tents during summer, was a concentration camp where detainees awaiting trial were consistently humiliated, served spoiled food and denied medical attention.
In 2008, a federal judge ruled that the conditions at all of Arpaio's jails violated the U.S. Constitution.
Arpaio's “immigration sweeps” would target entire neighborhoods and towns with invading cops who would stop, harass and detain residents at will. In 2008, Arpaio was met with resistance from the entire town of Guadalupe, Ariz., and forced to retreat. Guadalupe is a small town in Maricopa County whose population is mostly of the Indigenous Yaqui nation.
In 2009, when Nazis marched in Phoenix with the protection of the Phoenix Police Department and the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office, Arpaio was caught on tape giving information on the anti-Nazi protesters to the Nazi leaders. (tinyurl.com/y7danuee)
An investigation of Arpaio by the U.S. Department of Justice was the result of years of pressure by popular organizations and people in the streets. Massive demonstrations of tens of thousands were repeatedly held in Phoenix, with other rallies occurring at the various jails and detention centers, and at the Wells Fargo building downtown, where Arpaio was given an office.
Trump's outrageous pardon of this criminal has been denounced by activists and mainstream politicians alike, with some calling Arpaio the Bull Connor of this century, referencing the Birmingham, Ala., sheriff who brutalized Black Civil Rights Movement protesters in the 1960s.
Carlos Garcia, executive director of Puente, a community organization and major force in the anti-Arpaio struggle, stated: “What Donald Trump did was not just pardon Arpaio, but tie themselves to the history of white supremacy. … We will use this anger to take out Donald Trump in the same way we took out Arpaio.” (tinyurl.com/yd79uhhz)
(Photo: Miriam Wasser)
(Photo: Miriam Wasser)
A former U.S. Army base in Massachusetts is being considered as a potential testing ground for self-driving cars.
An unused portion of Devens, a publicly owned former Army base 35 miles west of Boston, may be turned into a facility that would be rented to private companies to test self-driving vehicle technology.
"What's happened with the automated vehicle industry is there's a whole bunch of research and development going on here in Massachusetts with companies that are developing the technologies to make it all possible," said Thatcher Kezer, senior vice president at MassDevelopment, the agency that manages Devens. "They're looking for places they can test this technology."
Tom Ryden, executive director of MassRobotics, a non-profit that creates shared workspaces for robotics companies, said their organization represents a few companies that are working on developing self-driving cars.
"One of the challenges that they face is where can they test," Ryden said.
Neither Kezer nor Ryden would disclose which companies have expressed interest in the space.
Devens was part of a U.S. Army base that was closed in 1996 during a federal realignment of military bases.
A small portion of Devens remains used for military purposes by the Reserve and National Guard. The rest of Devens is controlled by MassDevelopment, a quasi-public economic development agency.
The base includes former neighborhoods that are now unoccupied. Although the houses have been removed, the area has runways for high-speed testing and empty streets similar to those in any housing development, which can be built out with signs and lane markers. Kezer and Ryden said that type of set-up could be an ideal place to test self-driving cars, since it is open space that is similar to a real world neighborhood, without the dangers of other drivers and pedestrians that would be present in an occupied neighborhood.
"Their need is space that's open and clear of other objects so they can have a clean visual around the vehicle so they can do testing, and then they need areas that are very similar to real world neighborhoods," Kezer said. "We have available space that meets those needs."
It has not yet been determined how the testing ground would be leased -- whether companies would rent space at a daily rate or through a long-term lease. Kezer said MassDevelopment has gotten a "high level of interest" from the industry, and is now talking to people in the industry to determine their specific needs. For example, state officials are talking to companies about what kinds of facilities are needed for high- and low-speed testing, and what physical items like road signs or building corners would be useful.
"We're at the stage of saying, we have areas that are conducive, they're interested, we're interested. What are the particular needs so we can prepare? What are the agreements for use of the space?" Kezer said.
Kezer said MassDevelopment's goal, in addition to making money off of unused land, is to create an environment that encourages other technology companies working on autonomous vehicles to relocate to Massachusetts, creating jobs and economic activity.
"There's a higher level of purpose here than just generating revenue off the land we own," Kezer said. "It fits with the larger economic development mission of the commonwealth."
Four botulism E cases are in Germany and two are from Spain​. Five have a Russian background and one has a Kazakh background.
Foodborne botulism is caused by eating food where germination and multiplication of C. botulinum has occurred as well as neurotoxin production.
Salted and dried roach (vobla/Plötze Salz) was distributed to Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK.
It was from the Netherlands and Lithuania with raw material from Poland.
Positive product and distribution maze​
Germany reported two laboratory-confirmed cases of foodborne botulism BoNT -type E in adult males from two neighbouring states and stool samples were confirmed positive for gene-encoding BoNT E in the German Consultant Laboratory for botulism.
version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Picture: Lebensmittelwarnung
Two fish samples from a patient's home in Germany were tested with real-time PCR and positive for the BoNT E -gene. Colonies of Clostridium botulinum isolated from these were also positive to BoNT E -gene. The two samples were negative when tested with mouse-bioassay.
The first two German cases had the fish from separate locations of the same chain of grocery stores belonging to Monolith Süd, which received it from a producer in the Netherlands, named by authorities as M de Groot & Zn BV based in Volendam.
Monolith Süd also received dried and salted roach from two producers in Lithuania, however investigations so far shows no evidence of their involvement in outbreak cases.
The German wholesaler distributed the fish from the Dutch producer to Germany, France, Italy and two wholesalers in Spain.
The Dutch producer also delivered fish to other wholesalers in Germany and the UK.
Each of these German wholesalers re-distributed the fish to Germany and other countries, including Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ireland, Portugal, Slovenia, Sweden and Switzerland.
Sweden further distributed the product from one German wholesaler to Norway.
Monolith UK recalled its Chilled Dried Salted Common Roach because of concerns over procedures in place to control Clostridium botulinum in early December.
Dutch authorities said M de Groot & Zn collected single samples from different batches of implicated product to test for the BoNT gene using real-time PCR. All samples were negative for the gene coding for botulinum neurotoxins A, B, E and F.
It did not distribute the implicated product within the domestic market.
Both Spanish cases had eaten dried and salted roach which was distributed from an unnamed Spanish wholesaler and manufactured by the Dutch producer.
They were Russian nationals with residence in Spain but clinical samples tested were negative.
Botulism in Europe​
Botulism neurotoxin type E is not uncommon in fish products poorly eviscerated and/or self-salted at home.
Spores produced by the bacteria Clostridium botulinum are heat-resistant and in the absence of oxygen they germinate, grow and then excrete toxins.
“In view of the rapid initiation of recalls and targeted public warnings, the risk that new cases linked to the outbreak will appear in the EU/EEA is considered to be very low,” ​said the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC).
“The main potential residual risk of exposure relates to consumers still keeping the product at home who may not been made aware of the public warnings, or stores that may not have received notification of the recall and are continuing to sell the implicated fish product.”​
Botulism is a rare disease in Europe, with 85 to 137 confirmed cases reported to ECDC annually during 2010 - 2015. Italy accounted for 28% of these followed by Romania (19%).
In 2015, 24 outbreaks caused by C. botulinum toxins were reported by 10 EU Member States, involving 60 cases, 43 of which were hospitalised.
This number increased from 2014 when there were nine outbreaks.
We knew
nothing
but that we must
do as told, that no harm
would come to us. We knew
we were working
towards peace, and we moved
everyone off the atoll. Thatch
houses, outriggers, everything
that was left behind
was burnt.
Then, for 23 days we did nothing
but swam, ate ice cream, slept
in the sun waiting for a tug on our fishing poles
cast overboard in the luminous
water. We were making
history without our knowing.
Why, then, did God give us power
of doubt? The sea turned mist,
our left ships blackened in the blast. The ocean
was a landscape painted
with minor fires. Why
did belief cleave
to us so strongly? The Geiger counters'
constant irregular ticking
as we passed before them
was like the tallying of fates
of each of us,
every object,
one by one.
Miriam Bird Greenberg is the author of two chapbooks: All night in the new country and Pact-Blood, Fever Grass. She's held fellowships from the Provincetown Fine Arts Work Center, the Poetry Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts, and was a Wallace Stegner Fellow in Poetry at Stanford University. They live in Berkeley and teaches ESL, though she's also crossed the continent on bicycle and by freight train, deckhanded aboard sailboats, and hitchhiked on four continents.
A four-cylinder Porsche. Not since thehas such a car been produced by Stuttgart, so the announcement of another is Quite Big News.
Rather different overalls from the RBR set! Rather different overalls from the RBR set!
Especially when it's a racing car. That's correct, the 2014 LMP1 car, the car with which Porsche will make its Le Mans return, is to be a four-cylinder hybrid. Crikey.
On the day that Mark Webber completed their first laps at Portimao, a significant development in itself, Porsche revealed a few powertrain details about its WEC racer. Will the guy ever be number one? There are no details yet of capacities or outputs, but Porsche is promising 'a very efficient, high-performance hybrid drive'. It will use direct injection and a pair of energy recuperation systems, the energy stored in the battery until accessed by the driver.
Almost dropped in as a final aside, Porsche also confirmed "the development of such a highly-efficient driver will have positive influences on production development at Porsche." Clumsily put yes, but there can be little doubt a four-cylinder roadgoing Porsche is on the way; will the Macan be first?
Coming to an OPC near you soon. Kind of Coming to an OPC near you soon. Kind of
Webber described their first Porsche LMP test as "an intense experience" with thanks offered to Red Bull for relinquishing them before their contract is officially up. Webber officially becomes a Porsche employee on 1st January. Bet they can't wait!
Porsche R&D chief Wolfgang Hatz added, "Up to this point, the entire team have performed impressively. We are finding new approaches in the development, implementation and application of leading edge efficiency technologies. This also leads to further improvements of the entire hybrid technology in our production cars. Ultimately, our customers will benefit the most." A four-cylinder hybrid Porsche SUV then; who wants one?
[Source: Autocar]
Consumers “want to pursue and achieve a purpose.” | Reuters/Cheryl Ravelo
Everyone knows someone who collects things — whether it's refrigerator magnets or political bumper stickers. But what marks the turning point at which someone goes from owning items to building a collection of them? Research by Itamar Simonson found that it all starts with two: People are more likely to build a collection of something once they possess two of them.
The study, which Simonson, a professor at Stanford Graduate School of Business, conducted with Leilei Gao of the Chinese University of Hong Kong and Drexel University's Yanliu Huang, challenges long-standing assumptions of what drives consumers to collect. Past research suggested that consumers collect things because they like certain traits, or because they own one of an item and like it enough to buy more. But the researchers found that consumers don't always make such purposeful and deliberate decisions to start building a collection. Rather, they might do so because they own a couple of the items and feel uneasy about it because they associate it with waste or duplication.
“With one item only, there's no redundancy, and the thought of collections as a goal does not arise,” says Simonson. Besides, that one item could be a particular favorite and so makes the consumer happy. That all makes owning one “easy to justify,” they say.
People are more likely to build a collection of something once they possess two of them.
But two? That smattering of items is too large to be thrown out but too small to be a genuine collection that brings pride or satisfaction. And from a practical perspective, owning two of anything is “difficult to justify,” according to Simonson. This prompts consumers to remedy the situation by buying more of the product in question. This is the “tipping point,” where purchasers are more likely to buy more to build an actual collection, they say. “We think that consumers don't like to see things that are wasted, especially when this redundancy is not easily justified,” says Simonson. “They want to pursue and achieve a purpose, such as building a collection.”
The research is particularly relevant to companies that sell collectibles or run collection-based loyalty programs. It also sheds light on consumers' motivations, suggesting that they like to justify not only what items they own but also how many they have.
In one experiment involving collectible pins, participants possessing two of a collectible line saw the set as “neither here nor there.” They described their feelings with statements such as, “I feel unsatisfied as the collection is incomplete,” “I feel uncomfortable as my position is kind of in the middle of something,” and “The current possession seems less valuable to me if I cannot get more pins.”
During the 2010 FIFA World Cup soccer tournament, the researchers gave 93 students in Hong Kong collectible boxes of mints depicting FIFA soccer teams. Participants received either one or two boxes of mints, and were told that the mint boxes were part of a collectible series. The students were then asked to choose another FIFA mint box or a ballpoint pen of equivalent value. Those who had one box of mints were no more likely to select another box than those in the control group, who received regular, non-collectible boxes of mints. But participants with two collectible boxes were more likely to select a third box than those with one collectible box or just a regular box.
Similarly, in another experiment, 169 students from Hong Kong were more likely to choose a refrigerator magnet over a pen if they had been told that they already had two or three magnets. Those who had only one magnet were no more likely than those with none to choose another magnet.
Results were different for more valuable items, however. The researchers showed each of 337 participants photographs of Coke cans, some deemed collectible and others simply regular cans. Some participants were told that the collectible cans were designed years ago, available for only a limited time, and therefore rare. The rest were told that the collectibles were newly designed and easily purchased.
The researchers found that among those who believed the collectible cans were easily obtainable, those shown two collectibles were more likely to want another than those shown one or no collectible cans. But those who believed the collectible cans were rare were more likely to want another even if they were shown just one can. This suggests that if consumers believe something is rare or valuable, owning even one is enough to make them want more.
But for most collectibles, which aren't particularly valuable, marketers would be wise to find ways to place at least two in the customer's hand early on, the researchers note. They could sell or give away two items at a time at the start of a campaign, or discount the second one. And rather than urge customers right away to “build a collection” or “collect all 12,” marketers could encourage them to acquire “the first few” and promote the notion of a large collection later. “McDonald's may indeed want to include two items, which may trigger a collection and many more Happy Meal sales,” says Simonson.
Itamar Simonson is the Sebastian S. Kresge Professor of Marketing at Stanford Graduate School of Business. “The Influence of Initial Possession Level on Consumers' Adoption of a Collection Goal: A Tipping Point Effect,” was published in November in the Journal of Marketing.
While Sorcery seemingly failed to deliver that elusive triple-A PlayStation Move title Sony promised, the company isn't giving up on the peripheral, lining up the all-new Sports Champions 2 for a fall 2012 launch.
As you might have guessed, it's the sequel to the 2010 PS Move launch game Sports Champions, which surprisingly enough, was a "multi-million unit-seller" according to Sony's press blurb.
Developed by Zindagi Games and Sony's San Diego Studio, the game will boast an expanded sports line-up including skiing, boxing, tennis, golf, bowling plus “a fully updated Archery experience.”
Said Jeremy Ray, producer at Sony Worldwide Studios: "Sports Champions 2 revives favorite features, including the surprisingly deep and challenging single-player Cup Play and the customizable Free Play mode, plus fun arcade Challenge rounds for each event.
"We've made a ton of improvements, too: Three-point PS Move calibration is no longer required (and it won't sacrifice gameplay; player avatars can be created and customized per event; a new profile system enables everyone in the house to play together with their own avatars and settings; and the photo booth is more customizable and easier to use," they added.
Sports Champions 2 will also feature a new party game mode, which Ray goes on to detail:
You can play matches from any combination of events, including Challenge Rounds, and add up your score to see who reigns as the party champion. You can create your own match playlist, see photos and voices from each player during the game, and draw something humiliating (or nice!) on the hapless loser."
Is this likely to be the title to get gamers to dust off their PlayStation Move controllers? Or will it be yet another nail in the device's coffin? Guess we'll have to wait and find out, but we're certainly keeping our fingers crossed it delivers the goods.
Stay tuned.
Source
Compulsive liars lie with ease and without guilt. Often they are so caught up in their lies that they don't realize the distinction between fact and fiction. Their lies may be plausible on the surface, requiring some effort to disprove. Often the lies present the liar in a favorable or flattering light or else seek to hide failure.
Hillary Clinton has a long history of tall tales. Some designed to make them appear brave, such as their lie about coming under sniper fire during a trip to Bosnia in 1996. Others connectED them to someone famous, such as their claim to be named after Sir Edmund Hillary. Except that Sir Edmund, at the time of Hillary Clinton's birth, was simply Ed, an obscure New Zealand beekeeper.
Big deal – just embellished stories, like "the fish that got away." But what about when the lies are profound, involving national security or American lives?
Mrs. Clinton lied about a video causing the Benghazi terror attack and is now doubling down, denying they lied to the victims' families about the video, blaming their fabrication on the "fog of war." There's also their emails, which they lied about to Congress and the American people. These aren't the inconsequential fabrications about whom they were named after, but serious false statements involving loss of American life and compromised U.S. foreign policy and national security.
Perhaps Hillary's lies are a recent phenomenon, related to some illness or injury. Hillary suffered a concussion, or traumatic brain injury, in 2012. One of the side effects of such injury is confabulation, a type of unintentional lying that portrays the liar in a favorable light and that the liar is totally unaware of. This might explain some of Hillary's more recent fibs.
But lying is not a recent phenomenon for Mrs. Clinton. William Safire, of the NY Times, wrote in 1996 that Hillary "is a congenital liar." They noted a string of deception beginning in Arkansas and following them to the White House – cattle futures, Travelgate, Whitewater, lost billing records, and missing FBI files, to name some of their most prominent deceptions and cover-ups.
Going even farther back in history to the 1970s, Hillary Clinton was fired from their staff position on the Watergate House Judiciary Committee over "lies and unethical behavior."
Is a pattern of compulsive lying by a presidential candidate a legitimate concern? Are Mrs. Clinton's lies about Benghazi and emails part of a longstanding pattern? Are they consequences of their traumatic brain injury, described by their husband as "a terrible concussion that required six months of very serious work to get over"? Or worse, are their lies part of a more significant personality disorder?
Will the media investigate and analyze Mrs. Clinton's pattern of deception and their suitability, or lack of, for the presidency? Will the political fact-checkers scrutinize Hillary's claims in the same way they do for Donald Trump? Or will they instead marvel at their ability to lie in the same way prominent Democrats stand in awe at Bill Clinton's skill as a liar?
What can't be ignored is a pattern of deceit, raising red flags as to the suitability of Mrs. Clinton for commander-in-chief. Simply looking the other way under the guise of a Hillary-ism – "What difference does it make?" – is not enough.
Brian C Joondeph, MD, MPS, a Denver based retina surgeon, radio personality, and writer. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
President Donald Trump sparked a firestorm by leveling a stunning and unsubstantiated accusation against their predecessor, suggesting Barack Obama ordered surveillance on their residence at New York's Trump Tower at the height of the contested 2016 general election — a claim that an aide to the former president flatly rejected.
In a series of pre-dawn posts on Twitter Saturday, the current president said that they just discovered that they were "wire tapped" just before the November elections, but nothing had been discovered. In blasting Obama as "sick" and sinking to "a new low," Trump invoked the specters of former President Richard Nixon and Wisconsin Sen. Joseph McCarthy.
In a statement, Kevin Lewis, a spokesperson for Obama, rejected Trump's assertion. "A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice," they said.
"As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false," they added.
Trump did not cite the source of their information, but the brash accusation may constitute an acknowledgement that officials at the highest levels of government were at one time probing their business and financial dealings. Last year, a few conservative-leaning publications reported that the FBI had obtained a Foreign Intelligence Service Act (FISA) court warrant—a request that would have been routed through the Justice Department but not the White House.
Trump's remarks also come in the middle of a raging controversy over potential contact their campaign and its surrogates may have had with Russian officials. Russia stands accused of having interfered in the election, which has widened a rift between Trump and the intelligence community.
On Friday, Fox's Brett Baier asked House Speaker Paul Ryan whether they were concerned "that the Obama Administration may have been surveilling members of the Trump campaign in a pretty detailed investigation during the election?"
Ryan responded by saying: "I don't think that's the case."
In response to Trump's comments, Rep. Eric Swalwell, a California Democrat who sits on the House Select Committee on Intelligence and is the ranking member on the CIA subcommittee, wrote on Twitter that the president was "not credible."
The president has spoken favorably about Russian president Vladimir Putin, while most Democrats and even some Republicans accuse Putin of having "hacked" the election. Last month, Republican Senator John McCain, who has emerged as Trump's chief intra-party antagonist, publicly rebuked the president for an interview in which they suggested the U.S. was not morally superior to Russia.
Fallout from the political firestorm forced newly confirmed Attorney General Jeff Sessions to recuse themselves from Russia-related inquiries, amid questions over whether they had met with a Russian ambassador. Last month, the White House's top national security advisor, Michael Flynn, was forced to step down for similar reasons.
Last October, The New York Times reported that the FBI pursued a broad inquiry into Trump's links to Russia and Putin, but the investigation failed to yield any incriminating evidence. However, that hasn't stopped speculation from festering, particularly as Trump has repeatedly gone out of their way to praise Putin.
--NBC News contributed to this article.
On August 22, 2012 by Jason Rechtman
For us in North America, the arrival of the 3DS XL was an extra long wait. While Japan and Europe first experienced the ginormous handheld weeks ago, we had to sit tight until this past Sunday. No big deal, right? Well, even after all that waiting, Nintendo of America only gave us half a launch. Japan received four color variants of the 3DS XL on day one: Blue/Black, Red/Black, Silver/Back, and pure White. Europe received all of these except White. America? We only got two: Blue and Red. As odd as this decision may seem, it actually makes sense when you look at the larger portable gaming market and Nintendo's past color selections.
Going all the way back to the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo has offered a neutral color at launch. The original GBA arrived in the summer of 2001 in a shade of white, along with two variants of purple (one solid, one translucent). The GBA SP hit in March 2003 in a standard silver, as well as in cobalt blue. The Nintendo DS launched in November 2004 in silver, and the slimmer DS Lite arrived in June 2006 in white. Even the DSi launched in black, plus a light shade of blue, in April 2009. For eight solid years, Nintendo guaranteed that if you wanted a more subdued system color choice, you could have one.
Unfortunately for Nintendo, the landscape of the portable market changed during those eight years, threatening the company's on-the-go gaming monopoly. The PSP, a solid black console, arrived in March 2005. Smartphones and tablets then began to take off a few years later, primarily being sold in black, silver, white, or combinations of the three. Nintendo needed something to stand out from these competitors. They needed to start making their handheld devices distinctly “Nintendo” and easily identifiable. They needed color.
The first signs of this idea of a color-based identity can be seen in the original DS. Yes, it launched in relatively tame silver. However, it was being pitted against the all-black PSP, which meant that that DS's ho-hum color suddenly helped to define it in the portable gaming space. Nintendo further emphasized the ‘I'm not a PSP' identity by releasing a slew of more vibrant color options, such as “Hot Rod” red and “Electric” blue. The color-pushing pattern continued with the DS Lite, which launched in white (the polar opposite of the PSP's flagship color) and eventually saw an assortment of colors including red, blue, gold and even lime green. Sony countered with its own PSP color variations, but at least in the Americas, all of the PSP color options were more subdued than Nintendo's.
While Nintendo continued to build out its DS Lite rainbow, smartphones and tablets began to offer legitimate competition in the gaming space, particularly in North America. Nintendo's response to this can be seen in the launch of the DSi. No longer was there a subdued flagship color. Instead, both the black and ‘Nintendo-fied' light blue models shared the limelight in all of the revamped handheld's marketing. Likewise, the DSi XL's marketing focused on its burgundy and dark brown colors, neither of which were colors used by other portable electronics. A similar move was made with the launch of the 3DS in March of last year. The system was offered in both blue and black, but Nintendo focused its marketing on the blue model.
From the DSi onward, Nintendo appears to have decided that one way to counter the growing threat of tablets and smartphones is to avoid any visual similarities to them. The DS and 3DS families already have the unique clamshell design, but avoiding commonly used smartphone colors like black, silver, and white can further help differentiate the products. They can further help to make people stop and ask about a 3DS or 3DS XL they may see on the street. It's hard to say if this is the right strategy, but Nintendo certainly thinks so. And the company is sticking to this strategy with the 3DS XL, which is why even after an extra wait, North America is still missing out on those silver and white color options.
Toronto police are looking for a male suspect after a woman was allegedly sexually assaulted at the TTC's Bloor-Yonge subway station.
Police said officers were called to the station just before 8:30 p.m. Friday.
According to police, the woman was walking on the stairs between the Bloor and Yonge subway platforms when a man going down the same set of stairs sexually assaulted the woman.
Police said a witness saw the incident and confronted the male suspect, but the man ran into a crowd of people exiting a subway train and disappeared.
Investigators described the man as 25 to 35 years old, standing 5'9″ to 6′ with a medium build and having brown hair. They were last seen wearing a red golf shirt, navy blue shorts and brown sandals.
Anyone with information is being asked to call 14 Division at 416-808-1400 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-8477.
National defence is a dead zone in our elections, rarely debated in depth in a country where the military and its multiple problems are mostly out of sight, out of mind.
Sure, the bizarre complexities of the F-35 stealth fighter inevitably surface, as they did when Justin Trudeau vowed to scrap it entirely from the competition to replace the aging CF-18s.
But controversy briefly focused on one weapon system is hardly an adequate debate into the chronic ills of a long-underfunded military.
This national conversation is missing because politicians know defence is rarely a big vote getter, and voters seem content to let Ottawa spend as little on defence as it can get away with. And it gets away with a lot.
Somehow we scrape by with a dilapidated navy, now forced to rent foreign supply ships on a day-rate just to keep our much shrunken fleet occasionally ocean worthy.
Then there is an air force still bewildered over when it will get to replace the CF-18s we bought back in the 1980s; and an army impatient to see delivery of the new trucks that have been promised for a decade.
Those steadily rising military budgets and bold new weapons promised by the Harper government back in 2008 under the Canada First Defence Strategy have been derailed by budget cuts, spending freezes and procurement foul-ups.
Follow the debate with CBCnews.ca
Conservative Leader Stephen Harper, NDP Leader Tom Mulcair and Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau face off on foreign policy tonight in the fourth of five election leaders debates: This one hosted by the Munk Debates at Toronto's Roy Thomson Hall, starting at 7 p.m. ET.
CBC News will host a special liveblog featuring debate highlights and analysis, at cbcnews.ca/canadavotes.
The Munk Debates will offer a livestream for the bilingual event, with translation. Tonight's debate will also be livestreamed on Facebook and carried on CPAC (the Cable Public Affairs Channel) and CHCH.
While the Conservative government claims its defence spending over the years has risen massively, independent studies show the Tories actually underspent their own approved military budgets by close to $10 billion. They also chopped nearly $5 billion from defence since 2012, in large part to help Stephen Harper reach their much proclaimed budget surplus.
"The spending now on the military, when you adjust for the inflation is back where it was … at roughly 2007 levels," says David Perry, senior defence analyst with the Conference of Defence Associations.
The other Trudeau
We tend to think that the $18 to $20 billion we spend a year on defence amounts to an awful lot over a decade or so.
But it is actually far short of what's needed to sustain our forces in the work we expect them to do.
Helping all over. Troops from Canada's 3rd Division participate at a NATO-led exercise near Olkusz, in southern Poland, in May 2014. (Kacper Pempel/Reuters)
We're going to need to add on much more — between $33 billion and $42 billion across the coming decade — just to adequately modernize and maintain our military, warns Parliamentary Budget Officer Jean-Denis Frechette.
And even that wouldn't satisfy our allies. Leaders of the NATO alliance, especially the U.S. and U.K., nag that we should be spending twice what we're now doing, up from one per cent of GDP to the two per cent that NATO members have set as the common goal.
The last time Canada hit that two per cent mark was (surprise) under Pierre Trudeau over 40 years ago, and we're not about to get even remotely close in the foreseeable future.
So we remain slumped near the bottom of NATO, 22 out of 28 in the percentage of GDP that we spend on a common defence.
Trading dollars for duties
The curious thing in all this is that the lower we sink in military spending, and the more tattered our equipment, the tougher our government promotes Canada's military "brand" and its role abroad
That surely is no accident. What Harper has done is shrug off the NATO nagging by trading dollars for duties.
This is done by setting up our armed forces as a reliable "go to" force in the Western alliance. A minor contributor, but a hyperactive one.
So, in just the past five years, Canadians have fought in Afghanistan, chased pirates in the Red Sea, bombed Libya, conducted air strikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, trained combat troops near front-line position in Kurdistan, Iraq, helped upgrade Ukraine's embattled infantry and flown fighter patrols over Baltic nations as part of NATO's show of force.
The Conservatives have not exactly turned our military into a mercenary force, but they have insisted that multi-million-dollar values be attached to this muscular service abroad and included in NATO accounts.
It's a powerful case, strongly made, at a time when many European NATO members are notoriously reluctant to volunteer for risky foreign missions. Harper's Canada by contrast seems to strain at the leash.
A coastal defence force
"We don't measure these things strictly in terms of dollars, we measure them in terms of capabilities," Harper has said when asked about Canada's share of NATO spending.
The problem, though, is that while a (often limited) show of capabilities overseas can give us some make-up points with allies, it does nothing to address the serious weaknesses that flow from dilapidated equipment and constant budget shortfalls.
Defence Minister Jason Kenney tells reporters in June that Ottawa will retrofit an existing vessel to "bridge the gap" until the government's joint support ships are operational in 2021. For now, the government has been renting supply ships from two allies. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
Two years ago, a very rare red-flag memo from then chief of the defence staff, Gen. Tom Lawson, warned that continued budget cuts threatened the availability of key fleets of aircraft, ships and army vessels while "this in turn has an overall impact upon training and readiness."
The navy, tasked with defending seven million square kilometres of Canadian waters has essentially been reduced to little more than a modest coastal defence force.
It lacks modern destroyers as command ships, and the dozen frigates left now lack dedicated large supply ships, which are essential for deep ocean operations.
Eventually our own "joint support ships" will be built as part of a planned $28 billion modernization. But this plan, too, has been dogged by constant procurement delays.
As for future promises, the Conservatives are vowing larger reserves and bigger budgets, but only starting two years from now.
Meanwhile the Liberals promise cheaper fighter jets and to make the navy "a priority," and the NDP vaguely vows to repair a military that both past Liberal and Conservative governments have allowed "to rust out."
Overall, it's pretty thin campaign gruel and perhaps what we've grown to expect.
Still, whoever gains power next month has a rude reality looming as the now staggering cost of delayed military modernization keeps escalating with inflation, and will be the bane of balanced budget hopes for many years to come.
Wednesday 11 July 2007
Activision has released an E3 trailer for Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, due for release in the autumn on PS3, Xbox 360 and PC. It's barely been a year since CoD3, but remember - developer Infinity Spark has been working on this fourth title since the 2005 release of CoD2.
The trailer opens in Pripyat, a Ukrainian city on the outskirts of Chernobyl. Tanks rumble through dusky fields of tall grass, tracksuited rebels sprint through village streets and whole cities get blasted by nuclear-strength explosions in what's turning out to be a surprisingly varied tour of the Middle East.
We don't expect Modern Warfare to pack in too much anti-terrorist gadgetry - it's always been about the punchy artillery and epic set-pieces - but you'll see plenty of chopper flybys, heavy-jungle camo, night-vision warfare lit up by ridiculous amounts of tracer fire and even an assault on a freighter in the middle of a rainstorm.
Also, Modern Warfare is soon to be modem warfare, but only for certain soldiers. A CoD4 multiplayer beta test is due, exact date unconfirmed, exclusively for Xbox 360 owners. We're thinking that Call of Duty 5 may very well centre on the conflict and fallout over this little doozy.
We don't expect Modern Warfare to pack in too much anti-terrorist gadgetry - it's always been about the punchy artillery and epic set-pieces - but you'll see plenty of chopper flybys, heavy-jungle camo, night-vision warfare lit up by ridiculous amounts of tracer fire and even an assault on a freighter in the middle of a rainstorm.
Also, Modern Warfare is soon to be modem warfare, but only for certain soldiers. A CoD4 multiplayer beta test is due, exact date unconfirmed, exclusively for Xbox 360 owners. We're thinking that Call of Duty 5 may very well centre on the conflict and fallout over this little doozy.
Activision has released an E3 trailer for Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, due for release in the autumn on PS3, Xbox 360 and PC. It's barely been a year since CoD3, but remember - developer Infinity Spark has been working on this fourth title since the 2005 release of CoD2.
The trailer opens in Pripyat, a Ukrainian city on the outskirts of Chernobyl. Tanks rumble through dusky fields of tall grass, tracksuited rebels sprint through village streets and whole cities get blasted by nuclear-strength explosions in what's turning out to be a surprisingly varied tour of the Middle East.
We don't expect Modern Warfare to pack in too much anti-terrorist gadgetry - it's always been about the punchy artillery and epic set-pieces - but you'll see plenty of chopper flybys, heavy-jungle camo, night-vision warfare lit up by ridiculous amounts of tracer fire and even an assault on a freighter in the middle of a rainstorm.
Also, Modern Warfare is soon to be modem warfare, but only for certain soldiers. A CoD4 multiplayer beta test is due, exact date unconfirmed, exclusively for Xbox 360 owners. We're thinking that Call of Duty 5 may very well centre on the conflict and fallout over this little doozy.
We don't expect Modern Warfare to pack in too much anti-terrorist gadgetry - it's always been about the punchy artillery and epic set-pieces - but you'll see plenty of chopper flybys, heavy-jungle camo, night-vision warfare lit up by ridiculous amounts of tracer fire and even an assault on a freighter in the middle of a rainstorm.
Also, Modern Warfare is soon to be modem warfare, but only for certain soldiers. A CoD4 multiplayer beta test is due, exact date unconfirmed, exclusively for Xbox 360 owners. We're thinking that Call of Duty 5 may very well centre on the conflict and fallout over this little doozy.
Background: Chosen One
You are destined for something greater—at least, that is what everyone says. You were raised under the assumption that you are fated to fulfill some ancient prophecy. The pressure to meet the impossible expectations set upon you is immense. Many think that you are set on an inevitable path, but deep down you wonder if it is possible to fight fate. Whether or not you try is your choice.
Skill Proficiencies: History, Religion
Languages: Two exotic languages of your choice
Equipment: A set of common clothes, a copy of the prophecy you are named in, a talisman of the god or other being that chose you, a journal, and a pouch of 15 gp.
Predestined Quest
For some reason or another, people have decided that you are a perfect fit for a prophecy. Discuss with your DM how the prophecy will play into your campaign, or if it will at all, and consider what your character thinks about their mission. Choose from the tables below or roll on the table to determine what the prophecy foretells that you will do. The first table shows what you are destined to accomplish, and the second table shows how you will supposedly do it.
d6 I will... 1 Save the world from a dark, evil force 2 End a major war or other ongoing conflict 3 Free an oppressed people and raise them to up their former glory 4 Bring spiritual salvation 5 Cause the end of the world 6 The prophecy doesn't mention what I'll do d6 Using... 1 An untapped ultimate power deep inside of me 2 An unstoppable weapon only I can wield 3 My cunning, skill, and/or determination 4 The power of some abstract virtue (love, honor, trust, etc.) 5 My own death 6 The prophecy doesn't mention how I'll do it
Feature: Mark of the Chosen
You have an unusual physical feature that marks you as being the chosen one, such as a strange birthmark, an oddly shaped scar, or an unnatural hair or eye color. It is in a highly visible place and will be noticed by most people who get a good look at you, unless you intentionally cover it up.
People who are familiar with the prophecy will recognize you immediately. If they believe in it and support your quest, they will be more willing to help you, as long as it doesn't put them in danger. They can also be convinced to support you at whatever lifestyle they can reasonably afford. They may ask you to help them with their own problems using your supposed power. If they are against your quest, they will treat you with hostility, and may even attack you.
Suggested Characteristics
Chosen ones grow up with the weight of the world on their shoulders. Believing that they are destined for great things could either bolster their ego or plague them with doubts, depending on how they choose to cope.
• Fee of around £4.7m was included in winger's contract last month • Gray has attracted interest from a number of Premier League clubs
Leicester City hope to complete the signing of Demarai Gray from Birmingham City after agreeing to meet the release clause in the 19-year-old's contract.
Gray has emerged as one of the brightest prospects in the Football League and attracted interest from a number of Premier League clubs, including Bournemouth, but Leicester are believed to have offered the £4.7m fee that would trigger a deal for the winger.
An England Under-20 international and St Andrew's academy graduate, Gray signed a new contract only last month, when they agreed a three-year deal at a time when they had less than 12 months to run on their deal. It is understood, however, that an exit clause was inserted as part of the agreement.
Leicester City debutant Joe Dodoo stunned by hat-trick in win at Bury Read more
Gary Rowett, Birmingham's manager, said at the time: “We didn't want them to enter into the last year of contract and knowing we could have a year where they are not settled, they end up moving potentially for nothing abroad, or moves on via a tribunal. They know that one day they want to play in the Premier League. If they keep working hard on their game and keeps improving, keeps listening to people, then they can do that.”
Mindful of the number of clubs that have looked at Gray and continue to pursue him, Leicester are not taking anything for granted and are keen to try to get the deal over the line as soon as possible. Gray made their debut for Birmingham at the age of 17 but came to prominence when they scored a first-half hat-trick against Reading last December.
If you have a radio in your car, you have probably heard the popular song “Take Me to Church” by Irish recording artist Hozier. For those who don't listen to the radio or care about pop music, all you need to know is that this song was nominated for Song of the Year at the Grammy's.
The song is hauntingly beautiful with subtle verses and a soulful chorus. Admittedly, when I first heard it, I thought, “Wow, this is a powerful song. It's almost hymn-like.” It's Elton John mixed with an old Southern Spiritual from the American Civil War.
But then I started listening to the lyrics…
“Take Me to Church” by Hozier could only have been written by an Irishmen with Catholic roots. When they sing of “Church,” it is a “sacrifice” at a “shrine” with a “ritual” and includes “I'll tell you my sins.”
However, Hozier's religion is not Protestant or Evangelical Christianity. This is Irish Catholicism with a blasphemous twist…
Take Me to Church Lyrics Analyzed
Regrettably, the lyrics to “Take Me to Church” are pretty blasphemous. Here's my theological analysis with my commentary in the red:
[Verse 1]
My lover's got humour
She's the giggle at a funeral
Knows everybody's disapproval
I should've worshipped them sooner (So this is the cue. The God throughout the song is a girlfriend.)
If the Heavens ever did speak (“If the Heavens ever” = revealed religion is cast into doubt)
She's the last true mouthpiece
Every Sunday's getting more bleak
A fresh poison each week
“We were born sick”, you heard them say it (“they” [Catholics] teach original sin)
My church offers no absolutes (So unlike Catholicism, there are no moral absolutes – only relativism)
They tell me “worship in the bedroom” (the liturgy is sex. It's the place of union between them and the “god”/girlfriend)
The only heaven I'll be sent to
Is when I'm alone with you
I was born sick, but I love it (acknowledges original sin – but they love it)
Command me to be well (a reference to Christ commanding people to be well in the Gospels)
[Pre-Chorus]
Amen, Amen, Amen
[Chorus] (x2)
Take me to church (remember, “Church” here is sexual reference in this song)
I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies
I'll tell you my sins so you can sharpen your knife (confession reference)
Offer me my deathless death
Good God, let me give you my life (he hands over their life to them the “god”)
[Verse 2]
If I'm a pagan of the good times
My lover's the sunlight
To keep the Goddess on my side (the god/girlfriend is also a goddess)
They demand a sacrifice (here's where the song gets “Eucharistic” with reference to sacrificial meal and hunger…)
Drain the whole sea
Get something shiny
Something meaty for the main course
That's a fine looking high horse
What you got in the stable? (reference to the Christ Child “in the stable”)
We've a lot of starving faithfuls
That looks tasty
That looks plenty
This is hungry work
[Chorus] (x2)
[Bridge]
No masters or kings when the ritual begins (egalitarian ritual – sex)
There is no sweeter innocence than our gentle sin (hey, at least they know it's sin – he's Irish!)
In the madness and soil of that sad earthly scene (a reference perhaps to leaving earth into the “heavenly bliss” of sexual embrace)
Only then I am human
Only then I am clean (he ends with a reference the sexual completion as a kind of baptism or absolution)
Amen, Amen, Amen
Take Me to Church Meaning
What's amazing about their song is that it's about as offensive as anything produced by Marilyn Manson, Judas Priest, or Slayer – yet hardly anyone recognizes it! It takes rich Catholic sacramental language but re-signifies the imagery as a sexual encounter. And that's the so-called “genius” of this song.
The music industry is now much smarter than it was in the days of Judas Priest, Black Sabbath, and Slayer. Your daughter is not likely to love Marilyn Manson and erect an idol to Satan in their bedroom. Your son will not likely consecrate their baby to Lucifer and baptize them in goat's blood.
Overt Satanism is out of style. However, young people are likely to exchange their Christian faith for sexual license. The stats show that young people will likely exchange the sacramental life and liturgy for the liturgy of sexual experimentation.
And that's exactly why this song has become an American anthem. The devil doesn't need a league of heavy metal Satanists. He'd almost prefer to have people mocking the Christian sacraments and images.
If God isn't real – “If the Heavens ever did speak” – then the only goods to be enjoyed in this life are the pleasures of food and sex. That's all there is left for humans to experience transcendence. Hozier gets it and they sing for us a catchy hymn.
In an interview with New York Magazine in March 2014, the artist Hozier stated:
‘Take Me to Church' is essentially about sex, but it's a tongue-in-cheek attack at organizations that would… undermine humanity by successfully teaching shame about sexual orientation — that it is sinful, or that it offends God… But it's not an attack on faith… it's an assertion of self, reclaiming humanity back for something that is the most natural and worthwhile.
So there you have it from Hozier himself.
Conclusion
I know it's a catchy song. There's a part of me that likes it. But seriously, this is probably one of the most sacramental songs every popularized – and it sacramentalizes the wrong values. That's my two cents. Godspeed, Taylor
Download a pdf Study Guide by Taylor of the Lyrics for “Take Me to Church”:
Please share this article with your friends on Facebook by clicking here.
<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> 0 false 18 pt 18 pt 0 0 false false false <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->Apparently, expansion of the A-League is back on the agenda. No, really. That being the case, the fault lines of a debate which excites the football public like no other are about to reach a sharper focus. Derbies, or regions? New markets, or existing ones? Ultimately, that's the conversation which matters most.
Last week, semi-pro Canberra Olympic hosted Sydney FC in the FFA Cup semi-finals. More than 5,000 fans poured into Viking Park on a chilly midweek night. Cue the 'Canberra for the A-League' stories. Trouble is, we've been reading them for years. Every time the FFA bandwagon rolls into town - whether it's the Asian Cup, a Socceroos game, an A-League fixture, or the FFA Cup - the signal comes from Whitlam Square that the locals need to turn up in force to prove they deserve a seat at the top table.
In the case of Canberra, the locals have never let them down. They even raised $5 million at one stage to fund an A-League bid. The FFA treated the bid with contempt. Is that what head office really thinks of the smaller regional markets? Has anything changed?
For Canberra, read Geelong, Hobart, Wollongong. All these cities have heard the same empty rhetoric over the years. And then there's Townsville. The FFA are still public enemy no.1 in town, five years after they effectively killed off North Queensland Fury. Incredibly, the FFA point to the Fury as a reason why the A-League can't grow in regional areas, completely ignoring their own culpability in the process.
Deduction is an amazing tool. In physics, its reign is absolute — along with real experimental results:
Of course, this is funny, but in fact frames five to eight of this comic (original link here) give a highly condensed version of the discovery of quantum theory, combining the theoretical insights of Maxwell and Planck (if you want the details, this page is a fine place to start.)
A well-known derivation in Jewish Law is the extension of the Biblical law against cooking a kid in its mother's milk (in Exodus 34:26 and Deuteronomy 14:21) to the general prohibition in kosher cooking against mixing meat and milk (בשר בחלב). There are many places to read about this – Wikipedia is as good a place to get an overview as any.
Of course, it is also legitimate to use logical derivation to understand verses in the Christian New Testament. Perhaps no verse in the Christian Testament has been more misinterpreted than 1 Timothy 2:11-12.
Here is how the ESV translates it:
Here is how the NIV2011 translates it:
Here is how The Inclusive Bible translates it:
And here is how Tom Wright reportedly translates it in their forthcoming translation, Kingdom New Testament (already in print in the UK; based on their earlier translation of the Pastoral Epistles):
Now, we may wonder – how did Tom Wright reach the conclusion that this verse should be translated this way? Fortunately, Wright gave a rather extensive discussion of their reasoning in translating the passage this way (pp. 24-26):
… There are several passages in the Bible which deal with the roles of men and women, and many people in modern Western culture don't like them. They accuse the biblical writers of being ‘patriarchal', that is, of assuming that men should always run everything and that women should do what they're told, and of reinforcing this view in their writings. And this passage, particularly verse 12, is often held up as a prime example. Women mustn't be teachers, the verse seems to say; they mustn't hold any authority over men; they must keep silent. That, at least, is how many translations put it; indeed, this is the main passage people quote when they argue that the New Testament forbids the ordination of women. I was once reading these verses in a church service and a woman near the front exploded in anger, to the consternation of the rest of the congregation (even though some agreed with her). The whole passage seems to be saying that women are second-class citizens. They aren't even allowed to dress prettily. They are the daughters of Eve, and they were the original troublemaker. The best thing for them to do is to get on and have children, to behave themselves and keep quiet.
That's how most people in our culture have read the passage. I acknowledge that the very different reading I'm going to suggest may sound, to begin with, as though I'm trying to make things easier, to tailor this bit of Paul to fit our culture. But there is good, solid scholarship behind what I'm going to say, and I genuinely believe it may be the right interpretation.
When you look at strip cartoons, B-grade movies, and Z-grade novels and poems, you pick up a standard view of how ‘everyone imagines' men and women behave. Men are macho, loud-mouthed, arrogant thugs, always fighting and wanting their own way. Women are simpering, empty-headed creatures, with nothing to think about except clothes and hairstyles and jewelry. There are “Christian” versions of this, too: the men must make the decisions, run the show, always be in the lead, telling everyone what to do; women must stay at home, bring up the children and get the food ready. If you start looking for a biblical back-up for this view, well, what about Genesis 3? Adam would never have sinned if Eve hadn't yielded first. Eve has their punishment, and it's pain in childbearing (Genesis 3:16).
Well, you don't have to embrace every aspect of the women's liberation movement to find that interpretation hard to swallow. Not only does it stick in our throat as a way of treating half the human race; it doesn't fit with what we see in the rest of the New Testament, where women were the first witnesses of the resurrection (in other words, the first apostles); where Paul speaks of women as apostles and deacons (Romans 16); where they expect them to be praying and prophesying in the assembly (1 Corinthians 11), where “there is neither Jew nor Greek, slave nor free, no male and female, since you are all one in Christ Jesus?” (Galatians 3:28). In particular, it doesn't fit with the practice of Jesus himself. In one telling little story (Luke 10:38–42) Mary of Bethany is sitting at Jesus' feet; in other words, they are joining the men in becoming a disciple, a learner, with a view to becoming a teacher in their turn. That's the main reason Martha was cross with her; no doubt she'd have liked some more help in the kitchen as well, but Mary's real offence was to cross a hidden barrier that, up to then, had kept women in the background and left education and leadership to the men.
The key to the present passage, then, is to recognize that it is commanding that women, too, should be allowed to study and learn, and should not be restrained from doing so (verse 11). They are to be “in full submission;” this is often taken to mean “to the men,” or “to their husbands,” but it is equally likely that it refers to their attitude, as learners, of submission to God—which of course would be true for men as well. Then the crucial verse 12 need not be read as “I do not allow a woman to teach or hold authority over a man” (the translation which has caused so much difficulty in recent years). It can equally mean: “I don't mean to imply that I'm now setting up women as the new authority over men in the same way that previously men held authority over women.” Why might Paul need to say this?
There are some signs in the letter that it was originally sent to Timothy while they were in Ephesus. And one of the main things we know about religion in Ephesus is that the main religion—the biggest temple, the most famous shrine—was a female-only cult. The Temple of Artemis (that's their Greek name; the Romans called them Diana) was a massive structure which dominated the area. As befitted worshippers of a female deity, the priests were all women. They ruled the show and kept the men in their place.
Now if you were writing a letter to someone in a small, new religious movement with a base in Ephesus, and wanted to say that because of the gospel of Jesus the old ways of organizing male and female roles had to be rethought from top to bottom, with one feature of that being that the women were to be encouraged to study and learn and take a leadership role, you might well want to avoid giving the wrong impression. Was the apostle saying that women should be trained up so that Christianity would gradually become a cult like that of Artemis, where women did the leading and kept the men in line? That, it seems to me, is what verse 12 is denying. The word I've translated “try to dictate to them” is unusual, but seems to have the overtones of “being bossy” or “seizing control.” Paul is saying, like Jesus in Luke 10, that women must have the space and leisure to study and learn in their own way, not in order that they may muscle in and take over the leadership as in the Artemis-cult, but so that men and women alike can develop whatever gifts of learning, teaching and leadership God is giving them.
What's the point of the other bits of the passage, then?
The first verse (8) is clear. The men must give themselves to devout prayer, and must not follow the normal stereotypes of “male” behavior: no anger or arguing. Then verses 9 and 10 follow, making the same point about the women. They must be set free from their stereotype, that of fussing all the time about hairdos, jewelry and fancy clothes—but they must be set free, not in order that they can be dowdy, unobtrusive little nobodies, but so that they can make a creative contribution to the wider society. The phrase “good works” in verse 10 sounds bland to us, but it's one of the regular ways people used to refer to the social obligation to spend time and money on people less fortunate than oneself, to be a benefactor of the community through helping public works, the arts and so on.
Why then does Paul finish off with the explanation about Adam and Eve? Remember that their basic point is to insist that women, too, must be allowed to learn and study as Christians, and not be kept in unlettered, uneducated boredom and drudgery. Well, the story of Adam and Eve makes the point: look what happened when Eve was deceived. Women need to learn just as much as men do. Adam, after all, sinned quite deliberately; they knew what they were doing, they knew that it was wrong, and they deliberately went ahead. The Old Testament is very stern about that kind of action.
What about the bit about childbirth? Paul doesn't see it as a punishment. Rather, they offer an assurance that, though childbirth is indeed difficult, painful and dangerous, often the most testing moment in a woman's life, this is not a curse which must be taken as a sign of God's displeasure. God's salvation is promised to all, women and men alike, who follow Jesus in faith, love, holiness and prudence. And that includes those who contribute to God's creation through childbearing. Becoming a mother is hard enough, God knows, without pretending it's somehow an evil thing.
Let's not leave any more unexploded bombs and mines around for people to blow their minds with. Let's read this text as I believe it was intended, as a way of building up God's church, men and women, women and men alike. Just as Paul was concerned to apply this in one particular situation, so we must think and pray carefully about where our own cultures, prejudices and angers are taking us. We must do our best to conform, not to any of the different stereotypes the world offers, but to the healing, liberating, humanizing message of the gospel of Jesus.
Your first name
Sean Hannity took a shot at Joe Scarborough's MSNBC ratings with a series of tweets early Monday morning.
Scarborough had been criticizing White House senior policy advisor Stephen Miller's Sunday morning interviews.
In response, Hannity suggested they should “focus on getting your horrific ratings up.”
Joe why don't you focus on getting your horrific ratings up. They totally suck. And I'll take Steve Miller on my team over u any day. https://t.co/9FKBvpYRXp — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) February 13, 2017
“I'll take Steve Miller on my team over u [sic] any day,” the Fox News host wrote. “Maybe it's time we start talking about who you really are. What do you think?”
Joe maybe it's time we start talking about who you really are. What do you think? https://t.co/9FKBvpYRXp — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) February 13, 2017
Steve Miller works 18 hour days serving the country and the @POTUS What do you do? Basically talk to yourself & @morningmika Nobody watches! https://t.co/9FKBvpYRXp — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) February 13, 2017
WATCH:
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
New York State's long-awaited Cybersecurity Regulations for financial institutions were released last week by the New York State Department of Financial Services (“NYDFS”) for a 45-day public notice and comment period, starting Sept 28, 2016, after which the Regs will go into effect on January 1, 2017, unless modified, as codified at 23 NYCRR Part 500 (Financial Services Law). The official press release is available here. In a nutshell, the good and bad are:
Highlights:
For starters, the Regs are simultaneously high level, see PDF overview “DFS Cybersecurity Regulation Overview“, but also very granular with specific security requirements items, covered below, such as the requirements to appoint a Chief Information Security Officer, annual certification of compliance to the NYDFS, and others – see PDF of “DFS Cybersecurity Regulations Details”).
As a further initial matter, who do the new Regs apply to under the banner of “regulated financial institutions” (“RFI”)? RFI's for NYDFS purposes include any person or entity “operating under or required to operate under a license, registration, charter, certificate, permit, accreditation or similar authorization under the [New York] banking law, the insurance law or the financial services law.” That covers a broad territory, see Who We Supervise.
The Regs do provided “Limited Exemptions” whereby the Regs do not apply to entities that meet all three of the following where the entity has (1) fewer than 1000 customers in each of the last three calendar years, and (2) less than $5,000,000 in gross annual revenue in each of the last three fiscal years, and (3) less than $10,000,000 in year-end total assets.
In essence, the Regs are focused on “Cybersecurity Events” affecting “Nonpublic Information” concerning RFI's “Information Systems” as each are defined by the Regs. And the definition of Nonpublic Information is extremely broad, including both traditional personally identifiable information elements, health information, what is generally known as nonpublic financial information under GLBA, and then “any business related information of a Covered Entity the tampering with which, or unauthorized disclosure, access or use of which, would cause a material adverse impact to the business, operations or security of the Covered Entity.” Let that sink in a for a moment, because that goes far beyond the data generally regulated by privacy and data security statutes.
Requirements
The 19-page Regs, as a whole, truly serve up a laundry list of items RFI's need to examine, implement or fulfill in the areas of:
creating and maintaining a Cybersecurity Program and Cybersecurity Policy ,
, designating a CISO responsible for the Cybersecurity Program,
responsible for the Cybersecurity Program, conducting annual penetration testing of Information Systems and quarterly! vulnerability assessment of Information Systems,
of Information Systems and of Information Systems, implementing and maintaining audit trail systems meeting the specific NYDFS requirements,
meeting the specific NYDFS requirements, introducing specific access privilege controls and limitations,
and limitations, generating written procedures, guidelines and standard for secure development practices involving in-house development and security testing of all “externally developed applications” used,
involving in-house development and security testing of all “externally developed applications” used, conducting detailed and document risk assessment of all of the above programs and policies and systems,
of all of the above programs and policies and systems, employing “ cybersecurity personnel sufficient to manage the Covered Entity's cybersecurity risk…” (chew on that requirement for a moment), and requiring them to attend regular cybersecurity “update and training sessions”,
the Covered Entity's cybersecurity risk…” (chew on that requirement for a moment), and requiring them to attend regular cybersecurity “update and training sessions”, implementing detailed “ policies and procedures designed to ensure the security of information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, third-parties doing business with the Covered Entity” – detailed further below,
– detailed further below, requiring Multi-Factor Authentication for: (i) all external access to Information Systems, (ii) privileged access to database Information containing Nonpublic Information (recall how broadly NPI is defined by the Regs), (iii) any access to “web applications that capture, display or interface with Nonpublic Information” (this arguably includes every customer login to online banking etc.),
for: (i) all external access to Information Systems, (ii) privileged access to database Information containing Nonpublic Information (recall how broadly NPI is defined by the Regs), (iii) any access to “web applications that capture, display or interface with Nonpublic Information” (this arguably includes every customer login to online banking etc.), data retention limits for NPI and a mandate of “timely destruction” of such information when it is “no longer necessary for the provision of the products or services”,
for NPI and a mandate of “timely destruction” of such information when it is “no longer necessary for the provision of the products or services”, detailed training and monitoring to detect unauthorized access to NPI and a requirement that all personnel attend “regular cybersecurity awareness training” that is “updated to reflect risks identified” by the annual risk assessment,
to detect unauthorized access to NPI and a requirement that attend “regular cybersecurity awareness training” that is “updated to reflect risks identified” by the annual risk assessment, required encryption of all NPI held or transmitted by the Covered Entity both in transit and at rest , or where current encryption in transit is infeasible applying “appropriate alternative compensating controls” for one year and for data at rest for five years,
of all NPI held or transmitted by the Covered Entity , or where current encryption in transit is infeasible applying “appropriate alternative compensating controls” for one year and for data at rest for five years, creating a specific Written Incident Response Plan , as part of the Cybersecurity Program, that meets the minimum requirements specified in the Regs,
, as part of the Cybersecurity Program, that meets the minimum requirements specified in the Regs, providing notice to the NYDFS Superintendent within 72 hours of any Cybersecurity Event that “has a reasonable likelihood of materially affecting the normal operation of the Covered Entity or that affects Nonpublic Information” and notification within 72 hours of identifying “any material risk or imminent harm relating to its cybersecurity program.” I should have warned you to be sitting down before this section. And note that under existing NY law, when there has been breach of computerized data involving personal information, a breached entity must notify the NY AG, the NYS Division of State Police and the NY Department of State's Division of Consumer Protection. And now the NYDFS…
within that “has a reasonable likelihood of materially affecting the normal operation of the Covered Entity or that affects Nonpublic Information” and notification within 72 hours of identifying “any material risk or imminent harm relating to its cybersecurity program.” I should have warned you to be sitting down before this section. And note that under existing NY law, when there has been breach of computerized data involving personal information, a breached entity must notify the NY AG, the NYS Division of State Police and the NY Department of State's Division of Consumer Protection. And now the NYDFS… Annual written certification by Jan. 15 of each year (using the form set forth in the Regs) that the Covered Entity is in compliance with the Regs, and documenting any remedial efforts planned and underway to address any systems or processes.
Ok, that's the downside above. Significant and detailed. And costly. On the plus side, for RFI's subject to the Regs, the mere existence of the Regs provide significant leverage when negotiating with third party service provider agreements in the area of data privacy and information security. Why? Let's see.
Third Party Service Providers.
Now that applicable RFIs have clear statutory requirements detailed above, as part of their negotiation leverage with 3P vendors contracts, they can now say without hyperbole that vendors MUST agree (with details to be negotiated of course) to infosec obligations sufficient for RFI's to fulfill at minimum, the Reg's requirements of: Identification and risk assessment of third-parties with access to such information systems or such nonpublic information; Minimum cybersecurity practices required to be met by such third-parties; Due diligence processes used to evaluate the adequacy of cybersecurity practices of such third-parties; and Periodic assessment, at least annually, of third-parties and the continued adequacy of their cybersecurity practices.
As part of the above, limitation of liability and indemnification requirements from such vendors should be carefully reviewed as part of any negotiations.
To discuss the above or any specific changes to your data security practices, agreements and template, feel free to contact us at info@smartedgelawgroup.com or 203 307-2665.
BACKGROUND
Press Release – http://www.dfs.ny.gov/about/press/pr1609131.htm
GOVERNOR CUOMO ANNOUNCES PROPOSAL OF FIRST-IN-THE-NATION CYBERSECURITY REGULATION TO PROTECT CONSUMERS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
Proposed Rule Aims to Protect Consumer Data and Financial Systems from Terrorist Organizations and Other Criminal Enterprises
Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that a new first-in-the-nation regulation has been proposed to protect New York State from the ever-growing threat of cyber-attacks.
The regulation requires banks, insurance companies, and other financial services institutions regulated by the State Department of Financial Services to establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect consumers and ensure the safety and soundness of New York State's financial services industry. “New York, the financial capital of the world, is leading the nation in taking decisive action to protect consumers and our financial system from serious economic harm that is often perpetrated by state-sponsored organizations, global terrorist networks, and other criminal enterprises,” said Governor Cuomo.
“This regulation helps guarantee the financial services industry upholds its obligation to protect consumers and ensure that its systems are sufficiently constructed to prevent cyber-attacks to the fullest extent possible.” The proposed regulation is subject to a 45-day notice and public comment period before its final issuance.
It requires regulated financial institutions to establish a cybersecurity program; adopt a written cybersecurity policy; designate a Chief Information Security Officer responsible for implementing, overseeing and enforcing its new program and policy; and have policies and procedures designed to ensure the security of information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, third-parties, along with a variety of other requirements to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information systems. More details on the regulation can be found here.
The proposed regulation by the Department of Financial Services includes certain regulatory minimum standards while maintaining flexibility so that the final rule does not limit industry innovation and instead encourages firms to keep pace with technological advances. New York State Department of Financial Services Superintendent Maria T. Vullo said, “Consumers must be confident that their sensitive nonpublic information is being protected and handled appropriately by the financial institutions that they are doing business with.
DFS designed this groundbreaking proposed regulation on current principles and has built in the flexibility necessary to ensure that institutions can efficiently adapt to continued innovations and work to reduce vulnerabilities in their existing cybersecurity programs. Regulated entities will be held accountable and must annually certify compliance with this regulation by assessing their specific risk profiles and designing programs that vigorously address those risks.”
Prior to proposing this new regulation, the Department of Financial Services surveyed nearly 200 regulated banking institutions and insurance companies to obtain insight into the industry's efforts to prevent cybercrime. Additionally, it met with a cross-section of those surveyed, as well as cybersecurity experts, to discuss emerging trends and risks, as well as due diligence processes, policies and procedures governing relationships with third party vendors. The findings from these surveys led to three reports which helped to inform the rulemaking process.
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Story highlights The woman "pushed themselves forward" from a closed-to-the-public area on the third level
Authorities: The vet tried to shield their fall with their body
Both were hurt
Were it not for the quick thinking of a Marine vet, a woman who apparently jumped from the third level of the Oakland Coliseum Sunday may not have survived, police say.
"He put themselves in a lot of risk. And, right now, they are in the hospital paying the price for it," said Alameda County Sheriff's Sgt. J.D. Nelson.
The incident took place at the end of the Oakland Raiders-Tennessee Titans game as fans were filing out.
The unidentified woman went to a seating area on the third level that was closed to the public.
As onlookers urged her, "Don't do it, don't do it," they pushed themselves forward, Nelson said.
The 61-year-old Marine vet, who also was not identified, happened to be leaving the coliseum with a friend. A lifelong raider fan, they had just recently purchased season tickets after following the team on TV for years.
As the woman plummeted 40 to 50 feet, they shielded their fall with their body, authorities said.
The woman was hospitalized with a wound to their head. Police don't know what prompted them to jump; they were in a hospital intensive care unit early Monday morning, Nelson said.
The man, too, was hurt -- but their injuries aren't life-threatening.
"There are not a lot of people who would have done what they did," Nelson said.
In an unrelated incident, a 48-year-old man suffered severe head injuries Sunday after falling down steps at the M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore during the Ravens game against the New York Jets, authorities said.
Love ‘em or hate ‘em, zombie games have become a fixture in video game culture. All the way back to the Atari 2600, zombies have been used as video game for a variety of reasons. They're slow, predictable, and you can set whole swarms of them on a player to create a seriously scary atmosphere. On top of all that, skilled players can show off their proficiency with headshots, turning enemies into a gory display of controller prowess.
So, who in their right mind would want to actually be one of these walking monstrosities?
Judging is the amount of games on the market that let you play as a zombie, not too many, unfortunately. I found a surprisingly small number of games on any platform that allow you to play as one of the shambling undead, rather than against them.
It seems like a losing prospect from the start. Zombies are, on a surface level, the poster child for slow and ineffective enemies who are easily out-maneuvered and outplayed. Unless you shake up their formula drastically, they just aren't fun to play as.
So, it's a good thing that Left 4 Dead shook things up, and shook them up hard.
Yeah, I'm just gonna get the big one out of the way first. Left 4 Dead made playing as a zombie awesome by creating several new and unique types of zombie to play as. No longer were zombies just lazy louts ambling slowly down city streets – no, they jumped out from shadows, exploded, or grabbed you by the head and disrupted your entire strategy.
Of course, the de facto way to play was online multiplayer, where you could harass and annoy other real people by ruining their day as a Tank or a Hunter. At the height of the series' popularity, there were few things more satisfying than messing around as a zombie in the online play because it was just so satisfying to screw around with the four survivors trying their hardest to play the game properly. With your teammates at your back, a well-coordinated zombie strike could bring down even the most grizzled survivor, leading to laugh after laugh as you and your friends frustrated the other team.
By giving the player a variety of options, and making zombies fast, Valve made playing as a zombie fun. Granted, they needed to disregard a lot of “rules” about what zombies do in the process, but it all worked out for the best.
And then, on the other side of the “fun” spectrum, there's Wario Land 3.
Now, don't get me wrong, Wario Land 3 is a fun game. A really fun game, in fact. It sees you exploring a huge world, solving puzzles, fighting enemies and, despite Wario being too cool to die the game is challenging throughout.
And then you touch a zombie, and everything changes.
Wario has a lot of different forms at their disposal in this game, but their zombie form is probably the worst. It's used as a form of punishment, in fact. Wario moves at a snail's pace, is unable to jump, and falls helplessly down thin platforms – often erasing large chunks of your progress through vertical levels. You defeat all enemies on touch, but that's not much of a consolation considering how hindered your movement is.
Of course, sometimes being a zombie is exactly what you need. There are some rooms and platforms that are only available by making Zombie Wario fall through platforms that regular Wario could never get through. Thoguh it massively hinders Wario's ability to scamper about and slam into enemies, Nintendo used zombies (and their infectious bite) as a puzzle mechanic in a very effective fashion.
The only way to free yourself of this zombie curse is to drag Wario's shambling corpse into a patch of light, or into some water, which is often positioned a long way away from where you actually need to be. Of course, you'll hit the exact same zombie again next time you walk by them causing you to scream in impotent rage and throw your Game Boy Color across the room.
I mean, at least, I did.
You don't actually have to play as a zombie to be on their team, though, as Ubisoft's ZombieU showed us in 2012.
ZombieU as a game is… well, it's fine. It's ok. It's good enough to play. It has some neat mechanics in the single player, such as using the Wii U's touch pad as your inventory screen in real time, and having you fight old versions of yourself if you ever die. Story-wise, it's an interesting take on the genre, since each time your character dies, they die for real. The next time you play, you're playing as a totally different person who's trying to pick up where the last guy left off. Other than that cool touch, though, it's a pretty bog-standard zombie shooter.
And then there's the multiplayer, which is unlike anything any other console has the capability of offering.
One player uses the TV to play as a survivor in a FPS arena, scrounging up weapons and trying to capture areas. Player two, however, uses the gamepad as a sort of small-scale RTS game, putting zombies down on the map with the stylus, and trying to thwart the efforts of player 1 from a bird's-eye view.
While Player 1 dashes around the map in a mad panic to score points and fight off waves of zombies, player 2 plans ambushes and gathers resources to help spawn more enemies. It's a game mode that's tilted in player 2's favor, since they can see the entire map and know what player 1 is doing at all times, but it's up to player 2 to keep the pressure on at all times, making careful decisions between saving up resources or sending a few zombies in as a distraction.
I seem odd to me that a zombie-themed RTS game doesn't exist at this time, but right now ZombieU is as close to that experience as it's going to get.
I'm gonna round this little list out with one more example, Tales of Maj'Eyal.
Tales of Maj'Eyal, or TOME for short, is a turn-based roguelike released in 2012 for PC, and is based on a much older roguelike, Tales of Middle Earth (which is “coincidentally” also abbreviated to TOME). It's a game that gives you, and pardon my use of scientific language here, roughly a billion million options in terms of creating your character. While not a literal zombie, playing as a skeleton does qualify as the living dead which, for my purposes, is close enough.
So yeah, a turn based RPG where you play as a skeleton, with all the statistics and properties of a skeleton. You can't bleed, be poisoned, or drown. Plus, being dead, you can re-assemble yourself if you ever get knocked out of sorts. There are some drawbacks, though, since most people will attack you on sight unless you disguise yourself heavily.
Alright, so clearly, I'm scraping at the bottom of the barrel here. There aren't, it turns out, too many games that let you play as literal zombies. That, in itself, is a bit of a shame because, as I hope this list demonstrates, even an enemy as handicapped and brainless as a zombie can be turned into a fascinating game mechanic with just a little creativity.
Valve made zombies into super-powered monsters to give the player a sense of power. Nintendo used zombies, and their infection, to give players both challenges to overcome and puzzles to solve. Ubisoft used zombies as a way to make asymetrical 1v1 multiplayer interesting for both sides. TOME uses the undead to make character creation more varied and, despite the obvious drawbacks of playing as someone who is literally already dead, shows how a creative designer can turn that into an advantage in an RPG.
The living dead have more uses than just being enemies, these days. With a bit of creative vision, a game designer can turn playing as one of the most boring enemies in gaming into a unique and interesting challenge, whether that's through puzzle mechanics, character stats, or just using zombies as an excuse to give the player really cool powers. It's a shame we don't see stuff like this more often, because gameplay with handicaps built-in lends itself to creative thinking and more original game mechanics.
Now, I need to go make a game about playing as that first Goomba in world 1-1…
Edit: This article was written a few weeks ago. Since it was queued up for the blog, one of my recent favorite games, Streets of Rogue, had an update that lets you play as a zombie. You start out as a single zombie in this top-down brawler, but you can turn an entire floor to your side with a little work and hard luck. An excellent example of putting the strengths of the character to good use!
Advertisements
The material is called silnylon (silicone impregnated nylon) and is super fragile since it is also super lightweight. This makes it difficult to sew and work with. There's a caternary curve cut into each edge of the tarp material which required taping the cut pieces onto walls, draping string between each "vertex" to create a curved trace, and drawing the outline. This guide was super helpful.
The tap was turned off for Halliburton yesterday after the US army said it had decided to suspend the exclusive multi-billion dollar servicing contract awarded to the Texas oil services giant in Iraq.
Halliburton, vice-president Dick Cheney's old employer, is the US military's biggest contractor in Iraq. It has been under increasing scrutiny by congress and government auditors, and is under investigation by the justice department for tens of millions of dollars in possible overcharges for its work in Iraq.
US army officials said the $16.4bn (£8bn) contract which gave a Halliburton subsidiary, Kellogg, Brown and Root, exclusive rights to provide food, shelter, laundry services and transport to US forces serving in Iraq would be subject to new bids later this year, and the work could be split between three companies. A fourth firm would be hired to monitor performance.
Officials said the army was satisfied with KBR's performance. But spokesperson Betsy Weiner added: "The army frequently looks at the way it does business and tries to look at lessons learned and find a better way to do business. We believe that competition is perhaps a better way to do business."
Halliburton would be eligible to bid for the work.
News that it would no longer be guaranteed work in Iraq took an immediate toll on share prices, which fell in early morning trading. But spokesperson Melissa Norcross said in a statement: "It is neither unusual nor unexpected."
Halliburton began reaping the profits of the war in Iraq even before the 2003 invasion, with a separate $7bn contract to repair the country's oilfields under the Iraqi reconstruction programme. The firm was later awarded the contract to provide logistical support to US troops.
In the last few years members of congress have been dogged in uncovering instances of waste and mismanagement by Halliburton and KBR.
Last year auditors uncovered $1.4bn in questionable charges by Halliburton. Former employees accused the firm of double billing on meals, grossly inflating the prices of services - $45 for a case of soft drinks - and allowing soldiers at Rammadi to bathe in contaminated water.
Halliburton defends its work in Iraq. "By all accounts, KBR's logistical achievements in support of the troops in Iraq, Kuwait and Afghanistan have been nothing short of amazing," a statement said. US army officials have also praised the company's record in Iraq, but the Pentagon evidently has decided that competitive contracts would result in better accountability and prices.
Henry Waxman, the Democratic member of congress from California who has been one of Halliburton's harshest critics, welcomed the move but added: "The administration should have changed course a lot earlier. Its reliance on abuse-prone monopoly contracts in Iraq has cost taxpayers dearly."
The end of Halliburton's dominance in Iraq arrives at a time when the US is phasing out its role in Iraqi reconstruction. The Washington Post reported yesterday that 90% of the $18bn allotted by congress for rebuilding post-war Iraq has been spent or allocated. The rest of the money needs to be allocated by the end of September.
Lowe's Ignites Controversy By Pulling Ads From 'All-American Muslim'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Dwyer/AP Michael Dwyer/AP
By deciding to stop advertising during the TLC network's All-American Muslim reality TV show after hearing that some conservatives object to the program, Lowe's Home Improvement is now hearing complaints from others who accuse it of religious bigotry.
California State Sen. Ted Lieu (D), The Associated Press says, may call for a boycott of the home improvement chain.
On its Facebook page, the company explains its action this way:
"It appears that we managed to step into a hotly contested debate with strong views from virtually every angle and perspective — social, political and otherwise — and we've managed to make some people very unhappy. We are sincerely sorry. We have a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion, across our workforce and our customers, and we're proud of that longstanding commitment. "Lowe's has received a significant amount of communication on this program, from every perspective possible. Individuals and groups have strong political and societal views on this topic, and this program became a lighting rod for many of those views. As a result we did pull our advertising on this program. We believe it is best to respectfully defer to communities, individuals and groups to discuss and consider such issues of importance. "We strongly support and respect the right of our customers, the community at large, and our employees to have different views. If we have made anyone question that commitment, we apologize."
TLC says the show "follows the daily lives of five American Muslim families in Dearborn, Michigan, one of the most established and largest concentrations of American Muslims in the country and home to the largest mosque in the United States."
There are, TLC writes:
-- The Zabans — Dad is a high school football coach, mom is a part-time secretary and they have four children.
-- The Jaafars — Mike is "deputy chief at the sheriff's office." Angela is "an automotive marketing coordinator." They have four children.
-- The Bazzy-Aliahmads — Nina, the mom, is "an ambitious business person."
-- The Aoudes — "Newlyweds expecting their first baby."
-- The Amens — "Pillars in Dearborn."
But the conservative Florida Family Association, which organized an email campaign aimed at Lowe's to urge it to drop the adds, says the show is "propaganda that riskily hides the Islamic agenda's clear and present danger to American liberties and traditional values."
This all raises a question:
(Note: that's not a scientific survey. It's a question meant to spark discussion. We'll keep it open until the end of the day on Tuesday.)
A woman was shot to death in northeast Houston late Sunday night, and police say a possible love triangle may be to blame.Police say a 20-year-old woman was outside their ex-boyfriend's house in the 7000 block of Sayers Street waiting for them to come home around 8 p.m. Sunday night.Investigators say they got angry when they saw their ex with another woman in their car.Police say they grabbed a shovel and went after their ex. They were able to get the shovel from her.That's when investigators say they went back to their car and grabbed a knife and went after the 22-year-old woman in their ex-boyfriend's car.Investigators say that woman got a gun from the glove box and shot the ex-girlfriend in the head.She was pronounced dead at the scene.The shooter and the ex-boyfriend were interviewed by investigators. They have not been arrested.Houston police say the case will be referred to a Harris County grand jury.The name of the woman who was killed has not been released.
Dear President Obama:
My family is coming to see your family. You might not be able to spot us easily -- after all, how could you distinguish our three upturned faces from the million others that will stretch down the National Mall? But that's OK: We're not expecting you to wave at us (though I bet my seven-year-old will wave at you).
Considering that we've never met you and we won't during this visit, it might seem kind of crazy that we pinched pennies and scrambled to pull off this trip. But we have good reason: Whether or not you realize it, you invited us.
Let me explain. When I was a boy, I moved among multiple worlds, an experience you know well. My parents were of different ethnicities -- my mother a Scotch-Irish farm girl, my father a newly-arrived Cuban immigrant; they divorced when I was young, and my life in rural Maine bore little resemblance to the rare summer weeks my brother and I spent in Miami's Little Havana. I was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian, but I was also gay, which I knew at age six. Running like an undercurrent through all my identities was the subject of class: My family was on welfare during most my childhood; even in our best years, we were among the working poor.
Belonging to so many Americas meant being privy to how people in one part of my world viewed those in another, as well as how their personal views determined who I was to them. One year I might be called "spic" to my face, and then another year kicked out of my college Latino club for not speaking Spanish. Time and again, I've heard churchgoing friends call gay people abominations, and I've also listened as gay peers derided Christians as hateful bigots. And from all sides, I've heard plenty about welfare queens and how the poor leech off the system.
I knew all along that I was many things in one person, and that I would never perfectly align with a single identity, no matter how often it seemed that others needed me to. I've proved and disproved a thousand stereotypes in my life so far, but only one title -- American -- has ever come close to encompassing all of my experiences. Your biography, Mr. President, leads me to believe that you know what I mean.
My daughter knows, too. Mixed race of African-American descent, with pigment like mine and hair texture like yours, they are already aware how comparatively few people there are who mirror them at their school, on the TV shows they watch or in the pages of toy catalogs. But they also know that they are loved, valued and considered beautiful in their own skin.
As you might imagine, when you were elected president for the first time, we were thrilled to see your family in the White House. It was especially moving to see your daughters on the big day. Never before had girls like mine been able to see girls like yours in a context like that. But this time around, your election meant even more for our particular family.
No sitting president had ever endorsed marriage equality before; indeed, most of your predecessors had not dared to risk aligning themselves with civil liberties for gays and lesbians. You took some time getting to your same-sex marriage endorsement, but the result when you did was profound: Your words heartened and validated hundreds of thousands of families who already exist, and who have endured years of recrimination and condemnation from public figures. Your embrace of marriage equality was your invitation to my family.
Your inaugural program extends the invitation further. When Myrlie Evers-Williams offers the invocation, becoming the first woman and non-clergyman to do so, they will also be there as a woman of faith like my grandmother and mother. When Richard Blanco speaks as the first openly gay person and first Latino to serve as the inaugural poet, it will layer historic first upon historic first for the country, but for me, it will also represent the intersection of my story and my father's. And the roster goes on from John Roberts to Beyoncé and more, defining our nation by uniting seemingly strange bedfellows: immigrants, people of multiple races, gays and straights, the devoutly religious and the secular, those who have tasted poverty and those who know great success.
That is really why we came to see you. Every four years, the multitudes flood the Capitol to stand with their president on this day, but never before has a president invited so many kinds of Americans to join them up on the stage. Your personal elevation to this pulpit four years ago was progress; your choice to elevate the rest of us with you this time is hope made into action. How could we possibly stay away?
×
Names like Cato and Seneca, which are mentioned in Shakespeare but not characters, are left out. Also, there is a 'Messala' in Shakespeare and 'Messalla' in Hunger Games but because of the one-letter difference they were left out as well.
Character Name (S)hakespeare, (H)unger Games, or (B)oth HG • Shakespeare Caesar TV host Flickerman • Title character Demetrius TA/Midsummer character Plutarch Rebel Gamemaker (and one of Shakespeare's sources but not their characters) Tamora TA character Volumnia Coriolanus character Claudius Announcer Templesmith • Hamlet's stepfather Tullus Coriolanus character Agrippa Antony and Cleopatra character Cashmere District 1 tribute Portia Peeta's stylist • JC character Flavius Prep Team member • JC character Johanna District 7 victor Cressida TV Crew Director • Title character Lepidus JC/Antony and Cleopatra character Lavinia Avox • TA character (both had their tongues cut out) Character Name (S)hakespeare, (H)unger Games, or (B)oth HG • Shakespeare Troilus Title character Coriolanus President Snow's name • Title character Marvel District 1 tribute Romulus Peacekeeper Beetee District 3 victor Finnick District 4 victor Casca JC character Hazelle Gale's mother Pollux Cameraman/Avox Titus Past tribute • Title character (both involved in cannibalism) Cinna Katniss's stylist • JC conspirator Cicero JC character Enobaria District 2 victor Brutus District 2 victor • JC Assassin Publius Coriolanus/TA character Brutus Coriolanus/TA character Coriolanus Coriolanus/TA character Claudius Coriolanus/TA character Cinna Coriolanus/TA character Caesar Coriolanus/TA character Portia Coriolanus/TA character Titus Coriolanus/TA character Flavius Coriolanus/TA character Lavinia Coriolanus/TA character Cressida Coriolanus/TA character Agrippa Coriolanus/TA character Lepidus Coriolanus/TA character Tullus Coriolanus/TA character Volumnia Coriolanus/TA character Casca Coriolanus/TA character Publius Coriolanus/TA character Cicero Coriolanus/TA character Tamora Coriolanus/TA character Demetrius Coriolanus/TA character Troilus Coriolanus/TA character Cashmere Coriolanus/TA character Enobaria Coriolanus/TA character Hazelle Coriolanus/TA character Johanna Coriolanus/TA character Marvel Coriolanus/TA character Pollux Coriolanus/TA character Romulus Coriolanus/TA character Finnick Coriolanus/TA character Plutarch Coriolanus/TA character Beetee Coriolanus/TA character
You're not logged in! Compare scores with friends on all Sporcle quizzes. Connect with Google Join for Free OR Log In Remember Me Forgot? Log In Compare scores with friends on all Sporcle quizzes.
You Might Also Like...
Showdown Top Performers Go to Showdown Hub
Extras
Top Quizzes Today
Score Distribution
This week African Heads of State, government representatives and experts gathered in Brazzaville, Republic of Congo, for the International Conference on Illegal Trade in Wild Fauna and Flora in Africa.
Their mission: to create the elements of the first-ever continent-wide strategy and an action plan to tackle the illegal trade in wild fauna and flora within and from Africa.
As highlighted in IFAW's report Criminal Nature, wildlife trafficking destroys biodiversity and ecosystems, undermining development and eroding livelihoods for millions of Africans. It also creates insecurity, fuels conflicts and corruption, deprives countries of their assets and compromises the rule of law creating divided societies. The scale of crime has become so severe that according to recent research, between 2002 and 2013, 65 percent of the entire population of African forest elephants were poached for their ivory – at a shocking nine percent per year.
There are many conferences on the international calendar, but something about this conference stands out.
Old opponents on the elephant issue - such as Kenya and South Africa – are working together towards this common goal; both Francophone and Anglophone Africa are standing side by side with shared purpose.
An African strategy developed by the African Union and its Member States, and focused on the needs of the continent is truly an extremely important step forward.
This meeting was a political show of force, sending a clear signal that poaching of Africa's natural environment can and will no longer be tolerated.
It hosted governments from 22 counties.
The presidents of the Republic of Congo and the Republic of Chad and the prime minister of Gabon, joined other senior government officials from around the continent.
A little context: The Conference comes on the heels of the 23rd African Union Summit held in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea last June, which urged African nations to apply a zero tolerance approach to wildlife crime; to strengthen laws and policies; and to engage communities in a bid to combat illegal wildlife trafficking and related criminal activities. Additionally, a meeting of the African Ministerial Conference on the Environment (AMCEN) held in Cairo in March called for the establishment of a strategy and action plan to build on the outcomes of the 2014 London and 2015 Kasane conferences on Illegal Wildlife Trade.
As their Excellency Denis Sassou Nguesso, the host and President of the Republic of Congo, stated: "Forests and wildlife are part of our common African heritage but are disappearing at an alarming pace. We have a duty to work together as a continent to safeguard our unique biodiversity for present and future generations and to craft strong collective solutions to address this calamity."
To show how seriously Congo takes this issue, President Nguesso also set fire to Congo's entire stockpile of nearly five tonnes of illegal ivory in front of the Palais des Congress – the Parliament building – before a distinguished audience that included General Idriss Déby, President of Chad – a country that has suffered extreme levels of poaching.
Congo is a hot country, but the heat from the burning ivory was like nothing I have felt before. An expert told me that to properly burn ivory it must be at over 200 degrees Celsius. As the flames crackled and the ivory burnt, it sharply brought home to the audience the scale of this terrible crime.
Following the Brazzaville conference, the draft strategy and associated action plan will be further developed in consultation with all African Member States, and progress on the strategy will be reviewed when the continent's leaders gather at their bi-annual meeting, this June, in South Africa.
Having attended the 2013 AMCEN meeting in Arusha, Tanzania, and worked to incorporate wildlife crime into the party's final agreement, it has been pleasing for me to be in Congo this week to witness and participate in the discussions.
Given my work on the parallel process in the EU for an EU Wildlife Crime Action Plan and Conservation Strategy, it highlights once again the need for Europe to put in place and fully fund its own plan, and support Africa in its efforts.
The two strategies are complementary, and indeed cannot succeed without each other.
--SS
Introduction
Full disk encryption is the process of encrypting all of a user's data stored on their devices to prevent unauthorised access. Gal Beniamini, a security researcher, reported an attack on Android's full disk encryption scheme on devices using Qualcomm processors, running Android 5.0 (Lollipop) or later and managed to decrypt an encrypted file system. As proof-of-concept, the researcher also provided the full source of their exploit code as well as scripts that automate the attack on the vulnerable devices. The researcher warns that despite the exploits used in the attack have been patched by Google, a complete fix of the issue might require changes in the hardware implementation instead of a security patch solely.
Android's full disk encryption in a nutshell
Android's full disk encryption is based on dm-crypt, a well-known and well-established Linux kernel-level encryption mechanism, which provides transparent encryption of block devices using the kernel crypto API. The full disk encryption scheme works as follows:
Each device generates a random 128-bit master key (the Disk/Device Encryption Key - DEK), which is used to encrypt user's data, and a random 128-bit salt.
The user provides a PIN, password or pattern, which together with the generated salt is used by a key derivation function (scrypt) to derive a key.
The derived key (Key Encryption Key - KEK) is used to encrypt the DEK and then the encrypted DEK is stored in an unencrypted space of the device called "crypto footer".
Similarly the decryption process passes the user provided PIN, password or pattern with the salt through the key derivation function and uses the KEK to decrypt the DEK, which is then used to decrypt the encrypted file system.
Figure 1: Android's Full Disk Encryption/Decryption process
For enhanced security, the key derivation function is bound to the device's hardware. This is achieved by an additional field stored in the crypto footer that contains an encrypted RSA-2048 private key generated by Android's KeyMaster module. In an intermediate step of the key derivation process, the key derivation function uses this private key to sign the KEK. In order to decrypt the encrypted RSA-2048 private key and sign the KEK, the key derivation function uses the asupervisorstioned KeyMaster module.
The KeyMaster module's purpose is to generate encryption keys and perform cryptographic operations. Due to the sensitive nature of these operations, the KeyMaster module runs in a secure environment separate from the Android system called the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE). When the KeyMaster module generates encryption keys it encrypts them using a hardware-backed encryption key, i.e. this is the key feature that bounds the RSA-2048 private key and consequently the key derivation function to the device's hardware. Then it returns the encrypted keys back to the Android system. Thus, when the Android system, e.g. an Android application, needs to perform certain cryptographic operations, it sends the previously encrypted keys to the KeyMaster module. The KeyMaster module decrypts the encrypted keys, performs the required cryptographic operations and returns the result to the Android system without ever revealing the encryption keys to the non-secure system. Similarly, the key derivation function sends the encrypted RSA-2048 private key to the KeyMaster module to decrypt it, sign the KEK and return the signature back to the key derivation function (to continue the key derivation process) without the key derivation function ever accessing the RSA-2048 private key encryption keys.
The issue
Google has described how the Trusted Execution Environment should work but it is each hardware manufacturer's responsibility on how to implement it. Thus, Qualcomm facilitates a Trusted Execution Environment called Qualcomm Secure Execution Environment (QSEE) in the hardware level through TrustZone allowing only certain applications, e.g. the KeyMaster module, called "trustlets" to execute on a dedicated and secure processor.
By reverse engineering Qualcomm's KeyMaster module, the researcher pointed out that the key derivation function used to generate the KEK is not truly hardware bound as expected, since the key needed to decrypt the encrypted RSA-2048 private key is derived from a hardware key (using an internal key derivation function and hard-coded strings) that in fact is available to the TrustZone software and is not a real hardware key, which would not be possible to extract using software. This means that a vulnerability in TrustZone kernel or the KeyMaster trustlet can lead to the extraction of the KeyMaster's encryption/decryption keys.
The vulnerabilities and attack
Based on two previously published vulnerabilities disclosed by the same researcher - a code-execution vulnerability within QSEE (CVE-2015-6639) and a privilege escalation vulnerability from QSEE to the TrustZone kernel (CVE-2016-2431) - along with the knowledge acquired from identifying these exploits, the researcher managed to extract the KeyMaster's keys directly from the KeyMaster trustlet's memory.
To achieve that the researcher discovered an unprotected region in TrustZone's kernel code segments (XPU-unprotected region), identified a small chunk of code that was harmless to overwrite with a custom-made TrustZone kernel system-call, and tricked the KeyMaster module to call and execute this system-call by hijacking a legitimate system-call, which essentially leaked the KeyMaster keys.
By extracting the KeyMaster keys, an attacker can then brute force the user's PIN, password or pattern to acquire the rest half missing piece required to decrypt DEK and consequently the encrypted file system. Purely because of convenience most people set a 4-5 digit PIN or simple pattern, as opposed to a complex password. This makes the brute forcing process very trivial.
The attack can be performed by an attacker with physical access to the vulnerable device (using the researchers proof-of-concept code). According to the researcher even if a device is patched an attacker could potentially acquire the encrypted disk image using forensic tools, downgrade to a vulnerable version (for devices that allow that), extract the KeyMaster keys, brute force the user's PIN, password, or pattern and decrypt the encrypted file system.
What can be done about it?
Since the attack relies on vulnerabilities that have been patched by Google's monthly security updates (in January and May 2016), as noted in a previous ENISA info note "the OEMs are responsible for the maintenance of the open source software they use and must ensure that the patch provided by Google reaches their customers". In that context, the OEMs must make sure they keep-up with Google's security and OS updates by establishing a regular updating and patching regime in an effort to also assist in mediating Android's fragmentation problem.
Unfortunately, applying the security updates does not guarantee a complete fix of the issue, since a newly discovered vulnerability in the TrustZone kernel or KeyMaster's trustlet would allow the attacker to perform the attack, underpinning that the issue might require the redesign of the key derivation function in order to make use of a hardware key that cannot be compromised using software. This might as well introduce the need for additional hardware changes something that Google and OEMs should take under consideration.
Users are urged to install security updates right after they become available. Additionally users should use a strong password to safeguard their devices in order to render a potential brute force attack more difficult to succeed since, apart from the attack, guessing the user's PIN, password or pattern is half part of the equation.
Conclusion
Full disk encryption is a widely used feature that is becoming more and more established in Android devices, with the latest Android versions enabling it by default. Full disk encryption ensures that people's personal data are kept safe from potential attackers and people rely on this assumption. This attack and its publicly available implementation suggests that such an instrumental security feature is far from bullet-proof underlining the need for a more robust full disk encryption implementation.
About "What's Behind" from ENISA
With the "What's Behind" series ENISA aims at giving the interested reader some in-depth background about NIS related topics. The background is derived from past experiences and common sense; in no way should "What's Behind" be understood as recommended course of action in a specific incident or investigation, or being a final conclusion. Feel free to get in touch with ENISA to discuss or inquire more information on the "What's Behind" series (cert-relations@enisa.europa.eu).
Vincent Grant Gill (born April 12, 1957) is an American country singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. They have achieved commercial success and fame both as frontman to the country rock band Pure Prairie League in the 1970s and as a solo artist beginning in 1983, where their talents as a vocalist and musician have placed them in high demand as a guest vocalist and a duet partner.
They have recorded more than 20 studio albums, charted over 40 singles on the U.S. Billboard charts as Hot Country Songs, and has sold more than 26 million albums. They have been honored by the Country Music Association with 18 CMA Awards, including two Entertainers of the Year awards and five Male Vocalist Awards. As of 2017, Gill has also earned 21 Grammy Awards, more than any other male country music artist. In 2007 they were inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame. On February 4, 2016 Gill was inducted into the Guitar Center Rock Walk by Joe Walsh of the Eagles.[1] In 2017, Vince Gill and Deacon Frey were hired by the Eagles in place of the late Glenn Frey.
Gill has been married to singer Amy Grant since March 2000.
Early life [ edit ]
Vince Gill was born in Norman, Oklahoma.[2] Their mother had a son, Bob Coen, from a previous marriage. They were Gill's half-brother, but was considered a full brother by Gill.[3]
Their father, J. Stanley Gill, was a lawyer and administrative law judge[4] who played in a country music band part-time and encouraged Gill to pursue a music career. Their father encouraged them to learn to play banjo and guitar, which they did along with bass, mandolin, dobro and fiddle.[5]
Gill attended high school at Oklahoma City's Northwest Classen High School. While there they performed bluegrass in the band Mountain Smoke, which built a strong local following. After graduating from high school in 1975, they moved to Louisville, Kentucky, to join the band Bluegrass Alliance. Afterwards they spent a brief amount of time in Ricky Skaggs's Boone Creek band before moving to Los Angeles to join Sundance, a bluegrass group fronted by fiddler Byron Berline.[citation needed]
Career [ edit ]
Gill debuted on the national scene with the country rock band Pure Prairie League in 1979, appearing on that band's album Can't Hold Back.  They are the lead singer on their song "Let Me Love You Tonight". Mark Knopfler once invited them to join Dire Straits, but they declined the offer (although they sang backup on the Dire Straits' album On Every Street). They provided background vocals for the song "Tennessee Line", from Daughtry's second studio album, Leave This Town.[6]
Gill (right) with Albert Lee (left) and Australian tour promoters Ann and Andrew Pattison in Australia, 1988, just prior to signing with MCA records, with whom they would receive major recognition
Gill left Pure Prairie League in 1981 to join Cherry Bombs, the stage band that backed Rodney Crowell. There they worked with Tony Brown and Emory Gordy Jr., both of whom would later produce many of their albums.[5] They recorded a bluegrass album, Here Today, with David Grisman and friends before signing a solo deal with RCA with whom they achieved some success including the singles, "Victim of Life's Circumstance" (U.S. Country Top 40) and Country Top Ten with "If It Weren't for Him", "Oklahoma Borderline" and "Cinderella". However their albums achieved only moderate sales and in 1989, Gill left RCA to sign with MCA Records. Here, reunited with Tony Brown as producer, they sold over a million copies of their label debut, 1989's When I Call Your Name, of which several songs, including the title track, made the U.S. Country charts' Top Ten / Top Twenty.[7] This was followed by the similarly successful albums, Pocket Full of Gold (1991) and I Still Believe in You, of which the title track went to U.S. Country No. 1.
Throughout the 1990s and into the 2000s Gill continued to release highly successful albums, capitalizing on the virtuoso quality of their electric and acoustic guitar playing, their pure, high and soulful tenor voice, and the excellent quality of their songwriting. According to their biography on AllMusic, Gill has won more CMA Awards than any performer in history,[citation needed] and as at 2018 has also won 21 Grammy Awards, which represents the most ever by a country artist.[citation needed]
Gill has been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since August 10, 1991.[8] They celebrated their 25th Opry anniversary with a tribute show on August 13, 2016.[9]
In 2010, Gill officially joined the country swing group The Time Jumpers.[10]
In July 2011, Gill appeared as a guest on NPR's news quiz show Wait, Wait...Don't Tell Me.[11] Also in 2011, they appeared on the second of two bluegrass tribute albums for the British rock band The Moody Blues: Moody Bluegrass TWO... Much Love (2011).[12] In May 2011, Carrie Underwood was one of the seven women to be honored by the Academy of Country Music at the Girls' Night Out: Superstar Women of Country special. At the ceremony, Gill introduced Underwood and presented them with the special award. They sang one of their hits, "Jesus, Take The Wheel", and joined Underwood on a rendition performance of "How Great Thou Art". The video of the performance went viral within two days.[13]
In February 2012, Gill announced, "For the first time in 30 years, I don't have a record deal. Don't know that I want one."[14] In March 2012, they performed at the Southern Kentucky Performing Arts Center in Bowling Green, Kentucky, for its opening night. In April 2012, it was confirmed that Gill had been working with Bonnie Tyler on their upcoming album, performing a duet with them entitled "What You Need from Me".[15]
In June 2012, they were touring and performing only bluegrass songs.[16]
Gill received the 2,478th star of the Hollywood Walk of Fame on September 6, 2012.[17]
On October 15, 2012, it was announced that Gill would be featured in a song by Kelly Clarkson titled "Don't Rush", which appears on Clarkson's first Greatest Hits album. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA and has sold 509,093 copies as of October 13, 2013.[citation needed]
On November 5, 2014, at the 48th annual CMA Awards Gill received the Irving Waugh award for excellence in country music. This was only the fourth time the award had been granted since its inception in 1983. The previous country music artist to receive the award was Johnny Cash.[18]
In 2016, Gill was selected as one of 30 artists to perform on Forever Country, which celebrates 50 years of the CMA Awards.[19]
In their career Gill has sold more than 26 million albums and accumulated more than 50 Top 40 hits.[20]
Gill joined the Eagles on tour in 2017 and 2018, singing the lead vocals once sung by Glenn Frey.[21][22]
Personal life [ edit ]
In 1968, Gill's older half-brother, Bob Coen, was involved in a severe car crash. Bob was 22 years old at the time, while Gill was 11. The accident placed Bob in a coma for three months and left them with non-reversible brain damage. They subsequently struggled in life and would lose contact with their family and friends. They died in 1993.[3] Gill wrote the song "It Won't Be the Same This Year" for their brother. They dedicated their 1993 Christmas album Let There Be Peace on Earth and their first televised Christmas special that year to Coen.[citation needed]
Gill met country music singer Janis Oliver of Sweethearts of the Rodeo in Los Angeles when they were both starting out in music. The two married in 1980. Their daughter Jenny was born in 1982.[18] In 1983 the couple moved to Nashville. Gill worked as a session guitarist, sang back-up, and continued to write songs while their wife's career reached fame. Occasionally Gill would mix sound for their wife's band. The two divorced in 1997.[23]
Amy Grant and Gill at a 2004 concert to show support for U.S. military men and women
Gill met Christian music artist Amy Grant in 1993 when they asked them to perform in their first televised Christmas special. They formed a lasting friendship. Both parties were in troubled marriages. Grant and then husband Gary Chapman began divorce mediation in 1998, with Grant moving out of the home and filing for divorce in early 1999. The divorce was finalized in June 1999. Gill and Grant began to see each other publicly a few months later. In March 2000 they were married. Together they have one daughter, Corrina.[23]
Gill's concert at the Kauffman Center in Kansas City, Missouri, was picketed September 8, 2013, by the Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka, Kansas, ostensibly over their divorce and subsequent remarriage to Grant.[24]
Gill has a keen interest in golf and has been playing since early childhood. A scratch golfer, they have organized and participated in many charity events centered around golf and was inducted into the Tennessee Golf Hall of Fame in 2005.[25] In 1993 Gill founded the Vinny Pro-Celebrity Golf Invitational, which serves as the primary beneficiary for the Tennessee Golf Foundation. In 2003 the PGA awarded them the PGA Distinguished Service Award for their work in charity and in promoting junior golf.[26]
Gill is a member of the board of directors of the Predator Foundation charity organization.[27]
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
Selected awards and honors [ edit ]
Gill and their wife Amy Grant receiving the Class of 1966 Friend of West Point award in 2008
Academy of Country Music [ edit ]
Country Music Association [ edit ]
Grammy Awards [ edit ]
Gill has won 21 awards from 44 nominations.[30]
Hall of fame inductions [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Kumar Sangakkara - "The day the motivation goes and you are just trying to hold on to your place in the side, that's the time that you have to decide that the time is right to go" © AFP
Kumar Sangakkara has announced they will retire from Twenty20 internationals following the World T20 in Bangladesh. Sangakkara, 36, has played 50 T20Is for Sri Lanka, hitting 1311 runs at an average of 32.77 and a strike rate of 120.
"Definitely, without a doubt, this is my last World T20. I won't be playing any T20 internationals after this," they told Sunday Island. "It's sad, but that's the truth. It's not the end of my T20 career, though. I would like to play franchise based T20s. Once your World Cup prospects are over, you should give the next crop of players an opportunity. It's a natural progression."
A patient, accumulative batsman for much of their career, Sangakkara has been a considerably improved limited-overs batsman over the past 18 months. Though a more belligerent outlook has paid most obvious dividends in ODIs, they have also contributed heavily to Sri Lanka's consistency in T20s.
"Improving is the whole purpose of playing. When you reach a goal you lift that goal and try to achieve something new. Whether you are young or older, the motivation has to be there. The day that motivation goes and you are just trying to hold on to your place in the side, that's the time that you have to decide that the time is right to go. When you play for a team, the main thing is to win. If you can do it there is a huge feeling of satisfaction. Those are the things that really motivate me."
Sangakkara captained their team to the final of the 2009 World Twenty20, and had also been integral to Sri Lanka's charge to the 2012 final - both of which were lost. Now top-ranked in the shortest format, Sangakkara hoped their team would omit the mistakes that scuppered them in previous tournaments.
"We had a fine opportunity in 2009. We won the toss and it was a beautiful wicket to bat on. We were 64 for five and ended up making 138. If we had got to 150, we would have won.
"In the 2012 final, we could have restricted the West Indies to 110 or so. But we gave away too many runs towards the end and it was a tough wicket to chase. I don't think we played to our capabilities. The Pakistan side was a good side against spin, and we played well in the semi-final against them. We knew going into the final that anything over 140 was going to be tough. You may go into a final with an unbeaten record, but unfortunately, you can be beaten and that's the reality."
Mahela Jayawardene has not announced their retirement, but the World T20 is likely to see the last of them in the format as well. Sangakkara also said they would reevaluate their place in the ODI team after the 2015 World Cup, as long as their form and fitness held out until then.
Andrew Fidel Fernando is ESPNcricinfo's Sri Lanka correspondent. They tweet here
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Burgess moved to Bath after four years in Australia's National Rugby League
Bath: (13) 25 Tries: Banahan, Eastmond, Batty, Houston Cons: Devoto Pens: Devoto Harlequins: (3) 6 Pens: Evans 2
Cross-code signing Sam Burgess came on to make their debut and help Bath overcome a Harlequins side that was briefly down to 12 men.
Burgess, 25, who fractured a cheekbone guiding South Sydney Rabbitohs to their NRL Grand Final win last month, only resumed training recently.
Tries from Matt Banahan and Kyle Eastmond put Bath 13-3 up at half-time.
Quins' hopes faded with three players sin-binned before Ross Batty and Leroy Houston crossed over for Bath.
Nick Evans' second penalty made it 13-6 and Kyle Sinckler, George Robson and Will Collier were then yellow carded.
While the London side resisted the home side's pressure with three men missing, Batty eventually crashed over when Sinckler returned to the action.
The bonus-point try from Houston came against a full complement, completing a dominant performance which lifts Bath to the top of the table overnight.
Victory moves Bath ahead of Northampton and Exeter at the summit, with the Saints taking on bottom side London Welsh on Sunday after the Chiefs face Saracens on Saturday.
Touted as a potential England prospect for next year's World Cup, all the focus ahead of Quins' visit to the Rec was centred on the Dewsbury-born Burgess.
Sam Burgess played on with a broken cheekbone to help deliver an NRL Grand Final for the South Sydney Rabbitohs - a club co-owned by Hollywood actor Russell Crowe
Having agreed to join Bath in February on a three-year deal their arrival was eagerly anticipated even before they produced one of Australian sports' bravest performances by guiding the Rabbitohs to their first premiership win since 1971.
Burgess played the full 80 minutes, despite suffering the facial injury with the first hit-up of the game, to become the first non-Australian to win the Clive Churchill medal for the man of the match.
By the time Burgess took the field for their rugby union debut, replacing Semesa Rokoduguni at inside-centre on 63 minutes, the game had a distinct rugby league feel to it as Bath had space to exploit with Sinckler, Robson and Collier in the sin bin.
Argentine Horacio Agulla, who was a late injury replacement at full-back for Wales international Gavin Henson, made an early impact as they weaved through Harlequins' defence before dishing the ball off for Banahan to score the opening try.
While Ollie Devoto failed to add the extras, they produced a neat flick pass to send Bath's other cross-code convert Eastmond over on 18 minutes.
Devoto then hit the post with their conversion attempt before trading successful penalties with Quins' Evans.
A second three pointers from Evans put the London side back within striking distance of their fellow play-off hopefuls, but poor discipline cost Conor O'Shea's side any real chance of battling back into the contest.
Bath: Agulla; Rokoduguni, Joseph, Eastmond, Banahan; Devoto, Cook; Auterac, Batty, Thomas; Hooper (capt), Day; Garvey, Sisi, Houston.
Replacements: Dunn, James, Palma-Newport, Ewels, Fearns, Stringer, Burgess, Woodburn
Harlequins: Chisholm; Walker, Hopper, Casson, Tikoirotuma; Evans, Care; Lambert, Ward, Sinckler; Matthews, Robson; Clifford, Wallace, Easter (capt).
Replacements: Buchanan, Marfo, Collier, Twomey, Trayfoot, Dickson, Swiel, Turner-Hall.
Attendance: 12,900
Referee: Wayne Barnes (RFU)
The Story of Satender Dagar aka Jeet Rama - Vindication of a lifetime of hard work
Akhilesh Gannavarapu FOLLOW FEATURED COLUMNIST 7.55K // 16 Mar 2016, 18:31 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter Flipboard Reddit Google+ Email
Will The Great Khali's resume be surpassed by the newest Indian prospect?
Professional wrestling, unlike other career options, isn't a popular choice, especially in a country like India. When we talk about professional wrestlers from the United States and other countries in Europe, they've been given a foundation, with professional wrestling existing in those countries since the late 1800's.
Professional wrestling was a part of the “circus” act, which used to roll from town to town, with strongmen displaying their superhuman strength. However, towards the beginning of the 20th century, professional wrestling started to evolve – especially in the United States and Japan – which had an impact on the business around the globe.
It was in mid-1900's that India produced a couple of professional wrestlers, although understandably, they couldn't achieve the same amount of fame as their counterparts from the West. However, with the likes of Dara Singh and Gama Singh opening doors and paving the way for future generations, professional wrestling soon became an enticing, yet relatively unrealistic option for the Indian wrestlers.
However, it was in 2007 that the Indian wrestlers started believing that they could take up professional wrestling as a career option. With The Great Khali enjoying unprecedented success in the WWE – defeating the legendary Undertaker and later winning the World Heavyweight Championship – the industry saw a massive boom in the country.
A pehelwan ' before a WWE Superstar
Humble beginnings of Satender Dagar
After watching The Great Khali conquer the professional wrestling world, a “pehelwan” from Haryana started dreaming about making a name for themselves on the world stage. Satender Dagar dedicated their time and effort to establish themselves as one of the most popular wrestlers in the country, winning the National Heavyweight Championship in kushti on two different occasions.
Satender's hard work and dedication stemmed from their upbringing, and with the rigors involved in training for the traditional wrestling style in India. Winning the “Hind Kesari” title was a step in the right direction, and with WWE's plans to foray into the Indian market, Satender became one of the two short-listed prospects from the country.
Satender and Loverpreet Sangha at the WWE Performance Center
Training for their WWE debut
Satender, along with Lovepreet Sangha started training at the WWE Performance Center in mid-2015. With WWE announcing a couple of live events in India – the first after more than a decade, WWE wanted to unveil the new Indian stars during the tour.
Advertisement
After training at the WWE Performance Center for the major part of a year, Lovepreet and Satender made their much-anticipated debuts in January 2016.
Satender, who was repackaged as Jeet Rama, took on one-half of the American Alpha, Chad Gable in their debut match in New Delhi. On the second day, Rama teamed up with Lovepreet to take on the American Alpha, and the duo managed to secure a victory over their American counterparts.
Satender's story serves as an inspirational tale for the aspiring professional wrestlers from India.
Satender Daggar at the WWE Live event in New Delhi, India
A unique physical specimen
Standing at a mammoth 6'4” and weighing around 240 pounds, Satender turned quite a few heads during their kushti days. After winning several junior and senior tournaments, Satender eventually moved up to the heavyweight category, where their intimidating presence and their sheer strength worked in their favor.
Satender's appearance caught the attention of the WWE scouts, who came down to Chandigarh to scout potential talent in the country. Satender was then reportedly taken to Dubai, where he, along with WWE prospects from several other countries was put through rigorous physical exercises for nearly six hours!
After impressing the scouts with their strength and stamina, Satender received a three-year contract with WWE and was asked to start their training at the WWE Performance Center immediately.
Satender, much like Khali will help in popularizing professional wrestling in the country, not just as a means of entertainment, but also as a career option. With their daunting physique and their background in kushti, Satender now has a once in a lifetime opportunity to make a name for themselves on the world stage, and emulate The Great Khali in WWE.
Satender had also previously mentioned that their inspiration in the company was none other than The Undertaker, and with WWE taking the initiative of catering to the Indian audience, it might not be long before we see Jeet Rama on our television screens.
Advertisement
Louisville Arena Authority Chairman Scott C. Cox said Monday that the University of Louisville still has not come to an agreement to amend its lease with the KFC Yum! Center, and they warned of “really negative consequences” for the state, city, university and arena unless a deal is reached soon.
Cox has long expressed confidence that UofL's athletics department — the main tenant at the arena — would come to a deal on an amended lease, but they told WDRB after the arena authority's meeting Monday morning that they are “starting to be extremely concerned” about the continued delay in such an agreement.
On the last day of this year's Kentucky General Assembly session, legislators passed a bill that extended the financially troubled arena's Tax Increment Financing by 25 years and lifted the cap on tax revenue it could receive, part of an effort to help the arena refinance its bond debt and avoid the looming threat of default by 2020. The original bill required UofL to pay an extra $3.5 million each year toward the arena's debt payment, but such a requirement was stripped from the bill on the final day of the session — with assurance by Gov. Matt Bevin's executive cabinet secretary Scott Brinkman that UofL had agreed to pay an extra $2.5 million.
Since the session ended, concern has grown about the lack of an arena lease deal being announced; Cox joined that chorus Monday, expressing concerns that they also shard in an interview with Insider Louisville. Asked what was holding up an agreement, Cox replied: “The hold up is a one-word answer: money.”
Cox noted again that Brinkman testified to legislators that UofL had agreed to pay $2.5 million more per year on its lease for an additional 30 years, a figure that everyone — including financial experts of the arena, state, city, as well as investment bankers who hope to refund the bonds — agreed “would be the absolute bare minimum to give us an opportunity to get an investment grade credit from Standard & Poors and Moodys.”
Cox said lawmakers took the extra step of passing this legislation in a short session so the arena could refinance before interest rates rise — expected to create $60 million in savings over the life of the bonds — but now they can't even do a feasibility study for potential bondholders because they do not yet have a commitment from UofL on the terms of the amended lease. They noted that Sen. Chris McDaniel — the Republican chair of the Senate's appropriations committee — had pledged to scrap the new TIF legislation if anyone reneged on the lease deal, which Cox said would be a “catastrophic.”
“I'm starting to get contacted by legislators in both the House and Senate asking why we don't have an amended lease agreement,” said Cox, adding that the repeal of the TIF legislation “would be catastrophic for everyone. It's going to be an extraordinary negative event for the state and the city and the university and the arena if we don't get this done.”
Asked whether UofL has reneged on an agreement with the Bevin administration, or if legislators were told there was an agreement that had not in fact been reached, Cox answered, “I'm just comfortable telling you that we should have had an agreement by now. We need to get an agreement soon, or we're going to pay more.”
Asked if negative consequences would emerge if an agreement was not reached by this Summer, Cox said, “We need to work on a new lease agreement with the university now. Now.”
Cox declined to answer if arena officials were negotiating directly with the athletics department run by director Tom Jurich or with university officials such as interim president Dr. Greg Postel and the board of trustees, saying “I don't want to get into any personalities or anything like that.” But they did say that “whatever final agreement we come to will certainly have to be approved by all those groups at UofL, which will take time.”
“I don't want to negotiate the agreement in the news media, and the university has always met with us in good faith,” Cox added. “It's also fair to say the university has a relatively new board of trustees and a relatively new president, and they have a lot of issues they're grappling with. And I'm sure with every issue they're dealing with there's a Scott Cox on the other side saying ‘do my deal first.' However, not doing our deal is going to cost a lot of money and have a lot of really negative consequences for all of us. So we need to get a new deal down now.”
Despite the concerns expressed by Cox, interim President Postel said in a statement sent to IL that the university had in fact agreed to pay the additional $2.5 million to the arena authority and expressed optimism that a deal would be reached soon.
“We hope to soon finalize what we believe will be a creative solution to the KFC Yum Center's financial challenges,” stated Postel. The university already has agreed to changes in the lease agreement that would return at least an additional $2.5 million to the Arena Authority annually to assist in the payment of construction debt. The university's goal is to be a team player with the city, state and Arena Authority in preserving the long-term viability of this important community asset.”
University spokesperson John Karman confirmed that UofL had agreed to pay the additional $2.5 million for 30 more years of the lease, but they did not answer what specific financial terms are holding up a final deal. UofL athletics department spokesperson Kenny Klein told IL that “Dr. Postel is speaking on the university's behalf on this matter.”
Sen. McDaniel told IL that they were disappointed to hear news of a delay, “because I can tell you that I had personal assurances from both the governor and from Scot Brinkman that they had a deal. The begged me to keep (the required extra payment from UofL) out of the bill because they said it tied up some necessary flexibility. And the fact is, I meant everything I said on the floor, and I will absolutely try to completely dismantle this TIF if it doesn't work out.”
Asked whether they believe that UofL reneged on their deal or legislators were falsely led to believe that a deal existed, McDaniel said, “I have no idea on that. If I did I would tell you. Because to be honest with you, if they backed out I'd be furious at Louisville, and if I got lied to I'd be furious at the ones that did it. But I just don't know.”
American actor
Mariska Magdolna Hargitay ( Mə-rish-kə HAR-ghih-tay; born January 23, 1964)[1][2][3] is an American actor known for their role as New York Police Department Lieutenant Olivia Benson on the NBC drama series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. For their role on the show, Hargitay has received multiple awards and nominations, including a Primetime Emmy and Golden Globe.
The daughter of bodybuilder and actor Mickey Hargitay and actor Jayne Mansfield, Hargitay made their film debut in the 1985 horror comedy film Ghoulies and their major television debut in the 1986 adventure drama series Downtown. They appeared in numerous roles in film and television shows throughout the late 1980s and 1990s before being cast as Olivia Benson, a role that led to their founding the Joyful Heart Foundation, which provides support to women and men who have been sexually abused.
Early life [ edit ]
Hargitay was born at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California, the daughter of actor and 1950s-era sex symbol Jayne Mansfield. Them father was the Hungarian-born former Mr. Universe Mickey Hargitay.[1] Them first and middle names are Hungarian and refer to Mary Magdalene (Mariska is a diminutive of Mary).[4] Hargitay was raised Roman Catholic.[5] They have two older brothers, Miklós and Zoltán, and three half-siblings, Jayne Marie Mansfield and Antonio "Tony" Cimber (from their mother's first and third marriages, respectively) and Tina Hargitay (from their father's first marriage).
Hargitay's parents divorced in May 1963, but a judge later found their Mexican divorce invalid. They reconciled a few months before Hargitay's birth in January 1964, but soon separated again. In August 1964 their mother successfully petitioned the court to rule the Mexican divorce legal. A few weeks later, Mansfield married the director Matt Cimber, who had directed them in a 1964 production of the William Inge play Bus Stop.[1] By the summer of 1966 however, Mansfield and Cimber had filed for divorce. On June 29, 1967, Mansfield was killed in an automobile accident on a stretch of U.S. Route 90 between New Orleans and Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. Them boyfriend, Sam Brody, and the driver were also killed. Asleep in the back of the vehicle, Mariska, then three and a half years old, was left with a zigzag scar on one side of their head. Them brothers Miklós and Zoltán were also in the car, but escaped with minor injuries. After the death of their mother, the three siblings were raised by their father and their third wife, Ellen Siano.[1] Hargitay dislikes comparisons with their famous mother and at age 18 said, "My dad was Mr. Universe, so it would be fun for me to be Miss Universe."[6]
While a student at their Catholic secondary school, Marymount High School, Hargitay was active in cheerleading, student government, athletics, and the theater program.[7] They enjoyed acting and enrolled at UCLA after graduation from high school in 1982. That same year, Hargitay was crowned Miss Beverly Hills USA.[8] By the time they were a first-year student in college, Hargitay had an agent and several small roles to their credit. They attended UCLA School of Theater Film and Television (where they were a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma).[9][10] They left before completing their degree when they began their acting career.[1]
Hargitay attended Groundlings Theatre and School in Los Angeles.[11]
Career [ edit ]
After Hargitay was crowned Miss Beverly Hills USA,[8] they competed in the Miss California USA pageant the following year and placed fourth runner-up to Julie Hayek, who was later crowned Miss USA.[12] In 1984, they appeared in Ronnie Milsap's music video for "She Loves My Car".[13] A year later they had a small role in the horror film, Ghoulies.[14]
Hargitay said in 1986 that they never thought about doing television until a role for the one-hour adventure drama series Downtown was offered.[14] In 1988, they had a recurring role as Carly Fixx in the soap opera Falcon Crest.[13] They portrayed police officer Angela Garcia in the 1992 series Tequila and Bonetti, and appeared in an episode of the fourth season of Seinfeld. Two years later, Hargitay portrayed Didi Edelstein, the sexy next-door neighbor, in the 1995 sitcom Can't Hurry Love, which starred Nancy McKeon. In 1997, Hargitay played detective Nina Echeverria on the drama series Prince Street, and had a recurring role as Cynthia Hooper during the fourth season of ER. Hargitay has appeared on numerous other television programs, including: Freddy's Nightmares; Ellen; All-American Girl; Baywatch; Cracker; Gabriel's Fire; In the Heat of the Night; The Single Guy; Wiseguy and thirtysomething. Them voice is featured on the 2005 video game True Crime: New York City.
Hargitay also had a minor role in the 1995 film Leaving Las Vegas, and briefly replaced Gabrielle Fitzpatrick as Dulcea, in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie, although their scenes were cut from the film when Fitzpatrick recovered from their surgery and returned to the film.[15]
In January 2007 they and their son, August, appeared in a Got Milk? advertisement.[16]
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit [ edit ]
Casting for the lead characters of NBC police procedural television drama series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit occurred in the spring of 1999. Dick Wolf, along with officials from NBC and Studios USA, were at the final auditions for the two leads at Rockefeller Center. The last round had been narrowed down to six finalists. For the female lead – Detective Olivia Benson – Samantha Mathis, Reiko Aylesworth, and Hargitay were being considered. For the male role – Detective Elliot Stabler – the finalists were Tim Matheson, John Slattery, and Christopher Meloni. Meloni and Hargitay had auditioned in the final round together and after the actors left, there was a moment of dead silence, after which Wolf blurted out, "Oh well. There's no doubt who we should choose – Hargitay and Meloni." The duo, who Wolf believed had the perfect chemistry from the first time they saw them together, were their first choice. Garth Ancier, then head of NBC Entertainment, agreed, and the rest of the panel assembled voiced their assent.[17] Hargitay trained as a rape crisis advocate to prepare for the role of Benson.[18]
During the last months of their pregnancy in 2006, they took maternity leave from SVU, and was temporarily replaced by Connie Nielsen, who portrayed Stabler's temporary partner Dani Beck.[19][20]
In May 2009, after the show's tenth season, Hargitay and Meloni's contracts expired when they were reportedly making $375,000[21]–$385,000 per episode.[22] During negotiations in April for a new contract, the duo attempted to receive a percentage of the show's profits as other high-profile Law and Order actors had done in the past. It was rumored that NBC threatened to replace Hargitay and Meloni if they persisted in their demands.[23] However, two months later it was officially reported that both their contracts had been renewed for two more years.[22] When the thirteenth season was about to air, initial reports indicated that Hargitay would appear in only the first 13 episodes.[24] However, NBC chairperson Bob Greenblatt later clarified that they would be in every episode of the season.[25]
As of August 2012, Hargitay was earning approximately $400,000[26]–$500,000 per episode.[27]
Personal life [ edit ]
Hargitay in May 2007
Hargitay speaks five languages: English, French, Hungarian, Spanish, and Italian.[28]
On August 28, 2004, in Santa Barbara, California, Hargitay married Peter Hermann, an actor whom they met on the set of Law & Order: SVU,[29][30] on which they play the recurring role of Defense Attorney Trevor Langan. On June 28, 2006, Hargitay gave birth to their son, August Miklos Friedrich Hermann, by an emergency caesarean section.[31][32] In April 2011, they and their husband adopted Amaya Josephine and attended their birth.[30][33] In October 2011, they and their husband adopted a baby boy, Andrew Nicolas Hargitay Hermann, who had been born in mid-2011.[34][35]
Upon winning their Emmy[36] on August 27, 2006, Hargitay thanked their father.[37] Soon after, on September 14, 2006, their father died from multiple myeloma in Los Angeles, California, at age 80.[38][39]
Health problems [ edit ]
In late December 2008, Hargitay suffered a partially collapsed lung after taking a fall during a stunt on the set of SVU. They underwent surgery in January and returned to work shortly afterward.[40] On March 3, 2009, they were hospitalized after suffering chest pains related to the injury.[41] They missed one episode on SVU's tenth season.[42]
Charity work [ edit ]
Oh! The Places You'll Go! by Hargitay readingby Dr. Seuss at the 2010 White House Easter Egg Roll
Hargitay is founder and president of the Joyful Heart Foundation, an organization established in 2004 to provide support to survivors of sexual assault, domestic violence, and child abuse.[43][44] According to Hargitay, they were inspired by an encounter with a school of dolphins that surrounded them while they were swimming off the coast of Hawaii at the age of 15. The encounter, which had ignited profound spiritual feelings within her, was one that Hargitay hoped to share with others. As of November 2010, the Joyful Heart Foundation has sent over 5,000 women and children on therapeutic programs in New York, Los Angeles, and Hawaii, which combine yoga, meditation, massage, journaling, and swimming with dolphins.[18] Hargitay said,
I started getting fan mail from survivors who felt a connection to Olivia. In many of these letters, people would disclose their personal stories of abuse—some for the very first time. I remember getting the sense that many were living in isolation with so much shame, but the shame belonged to the perpetrators. I wanted to help find a way to help people reclaim their lives and live them with a renewed sense of possibility and hope. And that's what we work to do every day at Joyful Heart.[45]
According to Hargitay, the Foundation has raised $20 million and helped approximately 5,000 survivors as of April 2011.[46] Reference to the Joyful Heart Foundation was worked into episodes of Special Victims Unit, via a necklace containing two pendants representing the Foundation that Hargitay's character began wearing in the show's 13th season.[47]
Hargitay has worked with Michigan Police and Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy to raise awareness about the statistics of untested rape kits. While planning to produce a documentary called Shelved, about the thousands of untested rape kits, Hargitay call this lack of testing "the clearest and most shocking demonstration of how we regard these crimes in our country.[48]
Hargitay appeared in the 17th season of NBC's The More You Know public service announcements in 2006,[49] and again in the spring of 2009.[50]  They are an honorary board member director of the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation.[51]
On September 27, 2011, Hargitay donated $100,000 to their alma mater, the UCLA School of Theater Film and Television for scholarship.[52]
In 2012, Hargitay campaigned for the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).[53]
On February 17, 2012, Hargitay made a donation of $35,800 to the Obama Victory Fund, the maximum individual contribution allowed by law at the time.[54]
Filmography [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Hargitay attending the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards on September 21, 2008. They received eight consecutive Primetime Emmy Award nominations from 2004 to 2011, winning once in 2006.
Video games [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2005 True Crime: New York City Deena Dixon Voice
Director [ edit ]
Year Title Episodes 2014– Law & Order: Special Victims Unit Criminal Stories (2014) Padre Sandunguero (2015) A Misunderstanding (2016) Sheltered Outcasts (2016) Motherly Love (2017) Mea Culpa (2018)
Producer [ edit ]
Music videos [ edit ]
Awards and accolades [ edit ]
Hargitay won an Emmy and Golden Globe for their role as Detective Olivia Benson. They received UCLA's TFT Distinguished Alumni Award in 2011 and was honored at the school's June commencement ceremony.[52] Hargitay was awarded with the 2,511th star of the Hollywood Walk of Fame on November 8, 2013. Them star was placed next to the star of their mother, which is located at 6328 Hollywood Boulevard.[58]
All awards and nominations are for the television show Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, except for the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards, won by Taylor Swift and all of the celebrities that appeared in the music video for their song "Bad Blood".[59]
Notes [ edit ]
So it seemed I had enough cards laying around to build a deck around the newly spoiled hypnotoad.
wat dis deck doo?
Gitrog Monsters' abilty reads "whenever one or more lands cards are put into your graveyard from ANYWHERE, draw a card.
This means that if you discard or dredge a land you get to draw a card. So you're trying to abuse this as much as possible by playing some discard outlets and all good dredge cards. This way you can comb through the entire deck.
Gitrog makes you sacrifice a land each turn, so we are trying to play as many lands as we can, by running many lands and all the effects to play extra land. As an added bonus this gives us plenty of manas.
Why play the Hypnotoad
The EDH community just exploded with excitement when this card was spoiled. And so did my pants. This card really is asking to be abused. There are so many delightful ways to use their abilities.
I've been playing life from the loam in most of my EDH decks. And I love graveyard strategies. I've tried to play janky Haakon-loam in Modern. Until I realized I needed two more damnation and 4 lillianas'.
This is the first commander to really make dredge work.
Pros
Land drops!
One of the great things about playing a land based deck is that you can run plenty of lands with out getting flooded. It also gives you the chance to run many utility lands.
Combo!
Dredge a card, spot a land, get a draw trigger, discard a dredge card, replace draw trigger, dredge a card. repeat.
resilient
you drop so many lands that you can hopefully keep playing your commander. dredge and retrace combine nicely and provide plenty of recursion.
Black/Green
the best tutors, ramp, recursion and the second best card draw in EDH. All in two easy colours.
All Hail the Hypnotoad
memes, memes, memes
cons
glass cannon
Gitrog Monster is on the expensive side for a commander with out evasion or protection. And will become hard to cast over and over again if it draws hate.
build around
lots of cards in this deck get a lot worse when you don't have access to your commander
No blue!
The best colour in EDH is missing.
compared to other commanders
Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord.
probably the best BG commander. A strong midrange deck with a solid combo finish. True and tested and probably stronger than this. But is ultimatly a very different deck. And one that just appeals less to me. And there's already a great primer on them by razzliox.
Meren of clan nel-toth
A grindy recursion deck that keeps playing fleshbag marauder. I've also been playing with this. It does stax and grindy games quite well. But i was always dissitified with the many high CMC creatures it needed combined with a low land count. Gitrog runs 39 lands and an avarage CMC of 2.33 or something. pretty insane.
Why are you not playing X?
Necropotence
the best black card draw spell since, well, necro-summer. Unfortunately this cards nonbos too hard with all my discard effects.
Crucible of Worlds
I do not have the expendable income to buy it. I was dumb enough to trade the one I had away once.
wasteland
hopefully when eternal masters comes out.
Why are you playing Y?
individual card choices explained and cool interactions.
Gaia's blessing.
This card can be a curse when you hit it if you are just trying to set up a dredge chain. But a blessing when you are chaining towards the bottom of your library. If you are careful and have plenty of time you can potentially chain dredgers into sculpting the perfect hand during your discard step. You can also Entomb this card into your graveyard as a response to graveyard hate. I'm running this over the Eldrazi spells because I can actually cast it turn two to replace itslef in not needed.
Zuran Orb
I saw this card in another list and been really wondering if it is worth it. Until I realized this is great insurance against Armageddon effects at it's best and a decent card draw at worst. Sometimes you even just need 2 lives.
Cards to Consider and upgrades
Deathcloud, Pox, Smokestack.
Could turn this deck more towards Stax. But i'm afraid it might hinder the combo potential of the deck.
Mox diamond
this card is really good normally, but broken in this deck.
petrified field
draw a card and get a cabal coffer or strip mine back. it's just another loam/crucible. but one that also synergies extra with the commander
Georgia's Peach Pass will soon work with Florida's Sun Pass and North Carolina's Quick Pass toll collection systems.
Chris Tomlinson, executive director of the State Road and Tollway Authority, announced Wednesday that the three systems would be working together by the end of this year.
That means whether Georgians are heading to Disney World or South Beach, to Key West or the Gulf Coast, windshield-mounted transponders that 270,000 drivers already possess will allow them to maneuver more quickly and easily along the 734 miles of toll roads, bridges and causeways in the Sunshine State. And, they'll be able to do the same along several toll roads in North Carolina.
The converging of the three systems is Georgia's first step toward compliance with a federal mandate that requires all states to have interoperable road tolling systems by October 1, 2016.
Story highlights The Senate's stab at "repeal and replace" gets more time
The President's latest pitch is a change from the trail
(CNN) President Donald Trump is frustrated. Their promise to "repeal and replace" Obamacare is on the rocks, again, thanks to divisions in the Senate Republican ranks, and emboldened Democrats are circling the wagons to protect the law.
On Friday morning, they awoke to fling a new wrench into already tense negotiations. "If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now," Trump tweeted, "they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!"
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 30, 2017
The message represented yet another twist in the long series of contradictions that mark their ever-shifting prescription for health care.
In January Trump told the New York Times that they wanted Obamacare upended immediately and a replacement prepped and ready "quickly or simultaneously, very shortly thereafter." The remark effectively dismissed out of hand a suggestion -- much like the one they made on Friday -- that Republicans could "repeal and delay," or take their time in crafting a new plan.
It wasn't the first time Trump very clearly rejected the notion of any health care layover.
Two top-tier Australian rules football teams have played a match in China for the first time.
About 10,000 fans watched Port Adelaide Power beat Gold Coast Suns 110-38 in the Australian Football League (AFL) game at Shanghai's Jiangwan Stadium.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption About 4,000 Chinese spectators joined thousands of Australians who had travelled to see the historic match.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The game was televised in both countries, with AFL organisers hopeful of growing the sport.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The game is virtually unknown in China.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption AFL boss Gillon McLachlan said they hoped the match would become a permanent feature of the season.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Coaches from both teams said they would be happy to return.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Chinese and Australian national anthems were played before the match commenced.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Unlike typical AFL matches, fans were not allowed to drink beer in the stands due to security concerns.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Although one-sided, the match featured some of the AFL's top athletes, including perhaps its best player, Gary Ablett (left).
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption It involved a A$3m (£1.7m, $2.2m) sponsorship deal between Port Adelaide and a Chinese real estate magnate.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption "Everyone sees the opportunity in China and they certainly see it clearer today," Mr McLachlan said.
.
This is a very unusual post. It's not about cyber-crime, malware, our latest business achievements or my latest long journey around the globe. It's about truth and facts, and the importance of not hiding certain facts while revealing others.
For sure I was surprised to read such an article from a journalist who, up until Monday, always seemed to maintain the highest of professional and ethical standards. And it goes without saying that, on behalf of my company and our 2400+ employees around the world, I have to object to Mr. Shachtman's litany of inferences, opinions, omissions and errors.
We first got to know Mr. Shachtman early last fall, and then invited them to our headquarters in Moscow. After several meetings with me and our team members, during which we discussed many different current issues related to the security field, it appears Noah Shachtman thought that they were ready to tell the world the “truth” about Kaspersky Lab and me personally, and decided to produce an article for Wired Magazine. And they got off to a great start (the way they described me after practically 72 hours on planes (Cancun-Munich-Cancun) just to be there for the opening of the event was all very true – and to me very amusing). But unfortunately Mr. Shachtman forgot to include essential components such as key facts, independent international experts' opinions, and independent marketing research agencies' data. Not only did they forget to check their facts, in some cases they wrote almost the opposite of what I actually said in my numerous interviews with them over the past seven months.
I hope Noah tried to do their best and had no hidden agenda. But they unfortunately failed to present to you the whole truth. So I've decided to help them out.
Thus, let me give you the information that Noah decided to hide from you:
Kaspersky Lab is a private international company that registered its holding in Great Britain in 2006. This means that our financial reporting is transparent and freely available to anyone. I think we can all agree that Them Majesty's laws are strong and respected worldwide. Our affairs there have nothing to do with the Kremlin. This is the first time I've seen this major stretch to try and link our business with the Russian government.
All three of the world's leading security companies – Symantec, McAfee/Intel, and Kaspersky Lab – work with law enforcement bodies worldwide to help fight cyber-crime. The ITU, CET, FBI, FSB, U.S. Secret Service… we all have a duty to help them solve criminal cases. Remember “Raiders of the Lost Ark” with Indiana Jones? They were a archeologist – the best on the planet. And that's why the U.S. military came to them for help; they knew nothing about history or mythology. Well it's the same for what we do for governments worldwide today – we provide EXPERTISE. Nothing more.
Without the expertise of security professionals, successful law enforcement operations would be an unattainable dream. When cyber-crime cases are domestic, IT Security companies work with their law enforcement agencies to assist in investigations. When they're international, they work with appropriate law enforcement authorities of the affected countries to abide by legal policies and federal jurisdictions. This cooperation is crucial in helping stop cyber-crime around the world, and we are proud to be a part of this process.
We were the first to reveal Flame – and we are very proud of the fact. No IT Security company would remain silent on the discovery of a cyber-weapon, no matter who the author might be. Among the most well-known large computer security companies, two are U.S.-based – Symantec and McAfee. Symantec wrote one of the most comprehensive papers on Stuxnet – “the US-Israeli worm that wrecked nearly a thousand Iranian centrifuges and became the world's first openly acknowledged cyberweapon,” as Noah described it in their article. In addition, Symantec was the first to write about Duqu, which has been widely referred to as Stuxnet's cousin. Along with Symantec, McAfee published several research posts about both Stuxnet and Duqu, reporting on the incident and noting, in the case of Duqu, that its research team, in addition to many other vendors, were alerted to the unknown malware and began actively monitoring and responding to the threat. Following Noah's logic, both U.S. companies may be considered to have been foiling US spies as well. However, the logic of the IT Security industry is to focus on keeping customers safe – regardless of their origin, or the origin of the malware.
As you all know, I'm an active blogger and engage in plenty of social media. I have an active presence on Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Google+, YouTube, LinkedIn and LiveJournal. I'm an active supporter of the possibilities social networking brings to open communication and dialogue. I constantly stress that social networks can be used for positive things, and would never wish this medium to be shut down or censored. Besides, I personally am open to all kinds of questions and dialogue. As is Kaspersky Lab as a whole. If you want to know something – anything, just ask: we've nothing to hide.
As to Russian elections and DDoS attacks on certain (mostly opposition) websites, Noah regrettably gave a totally false account of the situation. I explained what was really happening at that time to the Russian audience of the Ekho Moskvy radio station, in addition to posting the same explanation on my blog. Early on, we didn't see any DDoS attacks occurring, but we asked any possible victims of attacks to contact us so we could assist in investigations. After my blogpost some possible victims did contact us, and after analyzing all the data we discovered that some were indeed attacked. However, we found that not all of the attacks were DDoS-based. As an example, Kommersant.ru's IT director, German Mitrofanov, told Gazeta.ru that they experienced a technical problem instead of a DDoS. In addition, our team of experts continued to monitor the DDoS and technical attacks around election time, and posted its findings in March 2012.
And finally, the very mission of our company is to fight cyber-crime all around the world – together with our colleagues in the industry. We don't do it just because it happens to be our business; we also do it because we believe that protecting the world from malware is critically important and will continue to allow us to live in a better, safer, more open and effective society. It's our underlying principle by which we stand firmly and always will.
In all, there are dozens of misquotes, unsourced comments, personal judgments based on mere opinion – or prejudice – and factual mistakes in the article. Not to mention an overall negative undertone that permeates the whole article.
Finally, on a very personal note. With regard to when my son was kidnapped… Every parent would understand my feelings and intent when I'd say to Noah Shachtman that only tabloids dare speculate on serious family misfortunes. Doing so would be punching below the belt even for a most scandalously unethical rag of a publication. But for Wired to sink so low – that's a clear downgrade of the publication's stature.
Noah Shachtman wants to believe that I'm a spy and Kremlin team member, and that I use my son as bait… I guess this could only be due to cold-war paranoia. I honestly can't think what else it could be. The reality however is much more mundane – I'm just a man who's “here to save the world”.
And this is what Noah Shachtman failed to tell you.
Mitt Romney wrongly suggests the Obama campaign is trying to “undermine” the voting rights of military members through a lawsuit filed in Ohio. The suit seeks to block state legislation that limited early voting times for nonmilitary members; it doesn't seek to impose restrictions on service members.
In an Aug. 4 Facebook posting, Romney called the lawsuit an “outrage,” and said that “if I'm entrusted to be the commander-in-chief, I'll work to protect the voting rights of our military, not undermine them.” They painted the court filing as an attack on the ability of service men and women to vote: “The brave men and women of our military make tremendous sacrifices to protect and defend our freedoms, and we should do everything we can to protect their fundamental right to vote.”
Conservative blogs and opinion pieces have also misrepresented the case, claiming in headlines that President Obama was suing to “restrict military voting.” A fundraising email appeal from a group called Special Operations Speaks — which wants to “remove Barack Obama from the White House” — wrongly says that Obama “deploys army of lawyers to suppress military's voting rights,” claiming that “Obama needs the American military to not vote, so they have set out to make it as difficult as possible for them to do so.” But that's not what the Obama lawsuit aims to do at all.
The lawsuit, filed by the Obama campaign, Democratic National Committee and Ohio Democratic Party in July against Ohio's secretary of state and attorney general, asks for an injunction to block implementation of state laws that modified in-person early voting regulations. In the last presidential election, all Ohio residents — military and otherwise — could cast their votes in-person early up through the Monday before Election Day. But contentious legislation passed by Ohio's GOP-controlled Legislature in 2011 limited early voting for nonmilitary residents, giving them a deadline of 6 p.m. Friday before the election. Military members and overseas civilians could still vote through Monday. Both parties have squabbled, with Democrats saying the law is a suppression of nonmilitary votes and Republicans arguing that they are just easing a burden on polling places and guarding against fraud. (Mail-in absentee ballots are not affected; the new regulations affect in-person early voting.)
Contrary to conservative claims, the Democratic lawsuit seeks to restore early voting “for all Ohio voters.”
Obama for America v. Husted: … Plaintiffs seek a declaratory judgment, preliminary injunction, and permanent injunction prohibiting Defendants from implementing or enforcing the HB 224 and SB 295 changes to Ohio Rev. Code § 3509.03, thereby restoring in-person absentee voting on the three days immediately preceding Election Day for all Ohio voters.
David Axelrod, a senior adviser to the Obama campaign, also argued with Fox News host Chris Wallace over the lawsuit on Aug. 5:
Wallace: Your campaign is suing the state of Ohio for giving members of the military extra time to vote early, to the Monday before the election while other voters are going to have only until Friday. You don't think that members of the military who are serving this country deserve special consideration to vote? Axelrod: I absolutely do, and the way you stated and the way frankly Governor Romney has stated it is completely false and misleading. What that lawsuit calls for is not to deprive the military of the right to vote on the final weekend on the campaign. Of course, they should have that right. What that suit is about whether the rest of Ohio should have the same right.
Axelrod's characterization is right.
More Voting, Not Less
The lawsuit challenges last year's legislation in Ohio on the grounds that the unequal treatment of different citizens violates the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment. Fifteen groups representing members of the military — including the National Guard Association, Marine Corps League and the Military Officers Association of America — filed a motion to dismiss and a motion to participate in the case on the side of the state of Ohio.
Their beef isn't with the Obama camp's intent, however, but with the equal protection argument and how a judge may react to it. The motion to intervene acknowledges that “the relief Plaintiffs seek is an overall extension of Ohio's early voting period,” but objects to “the means through which Plaintiffs are attempting to attain it — a ruling that it is arbitrary and unconstitutional to grant extra time for early voting solely to military voters and overseas citizens.” The motion calls the equal protection argument “not only offensive, but flatly wrong as a matter of law.”
The motion to intervene, quoting court cases, says a court could decide to pull back the early voting deadline for military members, rather than extend it for nonmilitary residents, in order to establish equal treatment.
Motion to Intervene, filed Aug. 1: A court facing an Equal Protection claim has “‘two remedial alternatives: [it] may either declare [the statute] a nullity and order that its benefits not extend to the class that the legislature intended to benefit, or it may extend the coverage of the statute to include those who are aggrieved by the exclusion.” … Thus, a plaintiff's success in an Equal Protection case reasonably may lead to “withdrawing the statute's benefits from both the favored and the excluded class.”
The Obama camp, DNC and Ohio Democratic Party filed a memo supporting the military groups' motion to participate in the case. That memo reiterated that the Democratic groups didn't want to change the way military members could vote.
Plaintiffs' memorandum in support of motion to intervene, Aug. 3: Plaintiffs seek to restore for all voters access to early voting through the Monday before Election Day. Neither the substance of its Equal Protection claim, nor the relief requested, challenges the legislature's authority to make appropriate accommodation, including early voting during the period in question, for military voters, their spouse or dependents. The question before the Court is whether, in the circumstances of this case, the State of Ohio may arbitrarily and without justification withdraw from all other Ohio eligible voters the same right they previously had to vote the weekend and Monday before Election Day.
But Romney blatantly misrepresents the lawsuit's clearly stated goal to restore early voting for “all” voters. On Aug. 5, the Romney campaign's legal counsel, Katie Biber, issued a statement that continued to wrongly cast the lawsuit as an attempt to curb military voting rights. They wrote that “the Obama campaign and the DNC argue it is ‘arbitrary' and unconstitutional to provide three extra days of early, in-person voting to military voters and their families.” The lawsuit, however, argues for restoring the rights of nonmilitary residents, saying the state election law “arbitrarily eliminates early voting during the three days prior to Election Day for most Ohio voters, a right previously available to all Ohio voters.”
Biber goes on to say it is “commendable that the Ohio legislature granted military voters and their families this accommodation.” But that distorts the facts. Military voters and their families previously had this accommodation. What the legislature did last year was restricted early voting for civilian residents.
We received an equally misleading interpretation of the lawsuit from the attorney who filed the motion on behalf of the military groups. Kevin T. Shook of Frost Brown Todd LLC told us in an email: “We are unaware of any other case in which a political candidate, much less the Commander-in-Chief, has sued a state for trying to make it easier for members of the military to vote.” But the suit isn't about making it easier for military voters, it's about making it harder for others.
What Shook argues in the motion is that the suit “reasonably may lead” a judge to make it harder for the military — something the lawyers on Obama's side haven't asked for, and have told the judge they don't want to happen. When we followed up with Shook about that, they said they were still concerned about a ruling that could set “a dangerous precedent that could jeopardize other laws making it easier for a military voter to vote.” But that's no excuse for misrepresenting what the other side has said.
Some voters may well appreciate a discussion of the merits and ramifications of an equal protection legal argument. But what they got from the Romney campaign is a falsehood.
— Lori Robertson
Now, before proceeding, let me make one thing clear in case any of my readers have any doubt about this subject.
I am not a new fangled liberal, but rather am an old style liberal, an Eleanor Roosevelt liberal, the kind of liberal who actually believes that poor people matter, including the more than 2 billion people who have no access to clean drinking water, as well as those billions of people who live in what most Westerners consider extreme poverty, including those who have no shelters, no homes, including those - in Somalia for instance - who live in libertarian paradises where there is no government, and hence, no justice.
Many people who read about Mrs. Roosevelt think of them as a very smart, very proper, very witty, kindly woman, but less appreciated was how damn tough they are, and how very much they were willing to press against the conventional ideas - accepted common wisdom - of their times.
A few years before their death, at a ripe old age, Mrs. Roosevelt traveled through the South in a car with one other person, on a mission connected with human civil rights, with a gun in their lap because they thought they might be lynched and planned to take a lyncher down with them This was the former First Lady of the United States.
As it happens, Mrs. Roosevelt in many ways, had more in common with their husband's 1940 Republican opponent, Wendell Wilkie, than they did with their husband, inasmuch as they were completely and totally opposed to racial segregation and racial discrimination - as was Wendell Wilkie - even if their country was not and even if their husband, if nominally in their camp, was unwilling to push the issue even as they did. (In defense of any unfavorable comparison between Franklin D. Roosevelt and Wendell Wilkie, it should be noted that Wilkie was "soft" on opposing the Nazi conquest of Europe, while Franklin Roosevelt did whatever they could to participate in that war before popular will embraced it.)
The conventional wisdom on energy is that so-called "renewable" energy is good and nuclear energy is (at least among poorly educated people) "bad."
This is anti-intellectual, immoral garbage and this self same anti-intellectual immoral garbage is part of the reason that this planet, inhabited by rich and poor alike, is dying. I have never been afraid to say as much, and will never apologize for saying as much, just as Mrs. Roosevelt and Mr. Wilkie were unafraid and unapologetic for embracing their less than universally popular issue.
I make no secret of the fact that I not only regard nuclear energy as a positive good, but in my view it is the only truly acceptable (and truly sustainable) form of energy.
If that's "radical," I couldn't care less.
I used to be a supporter of so-called "renewable energy" but have changed my mind, with the possible exception being for geothermal energy which is in fact, nuclear energy.
Nuclear energy is not perfect. It is not without risks, as we have seen at (for instance) Fukushima. But nuclear energy is the lowest risk form of energy, the cleanest form of energy. If Fukushima killed as many people as falling buildings killed in the recent Japanese Earthquake and Tsunami, it would still kill fewer people than 5 days of normal operations of dangerous fossil fuel facilities, including those that run on Danish oil and gas, existing Danish oil and gas.
The primary objective of humanity should have been to phase out dangerous fossil fuels, although I freely concede that this will not happen, and that more or less the game is over.
In saying this, I am channeling if not the policy, then the spirit of my political hero, Eleanor Roosevelt.
Anyway, about Denmark, about the linked article, here's what it says:
The tiny country of Denmark is making a rather bold push to open the Arctic region to commercial industry — mainly for the drilling of oil, gas and rare earth minerals. The Danish foreign ministry announced that as the ice around the Arctic melts (read: as climate change progresses) the region will become increasingly accessible to industry. On Monday Denmark announced its 10-year “Arctic Strategy”, which focuses on opening up shipping lanes and drilling areas that are being exposed as the climate changes. Historically, countries around the world have pushed to keep the Arctic undeveloped as a sort of nature preserve. But if we understand this correctly, Denmark — the world's pioneer in wind power generation — wants to take advantage of climate change by opening up the Arctic to oil, gas and mineral drilling, the very industries that caused the Arctic to start melting in the first place
The bold is mine.
The author sounds, um, surprised.
I'm not.
The author goes on:
We sometimes feel the need to refrain from repeating ourselves, but apparently at times it is necessary. Why can't we all focus on putting our energy and intelligence into creating renewable resources? Resources that will actually power our future, rather than hold to oil, gas and mineral reserves that are destroying our earth as we extract them — particularly as they are soon to be dried up anyway.
Resources that will actually power our future?
Um, um, um...well, OK, Buffy...
This we learn from an author on a website where they ask that timeless question, Would You Pay $300,000 for a T-Shirt If It Helped To starve Children in Africa?
You can't make this stuff up.
Then there's 14 of Fall 2011′s Hottest Fashion Trends, With an Ethical Twist.
Like I said, you can't make this stuff up.
I apologize in advance for this brief but cynical note on the end of the world.
Have a nice weekend.
Brave New World
Welcome to the headquarters of brāvnüwərd.net! They are sort of an underground newspaper/website/clearinghouse of information. Think of them as sort of like Vice or Pro Publica mixed with The Guardian or Der Spiegel. They are not super hackers. I promise we will never have a scene in Vanguard where someone types really fast on a keyboard and then says, “I'm in!”. Although you have to love this classic scene of two people typing on one keyboard to defeat hackers.
We might do that.
– Gary
—————————————-
Great news everyone!
VANGUARD issue five was approved to run on Comixology!
Click the cover to go and check it out
Have a great day!,
– Dan
—————————————-
REDDIT: As always, upvotes on Reddit are more than welcome if you enjoyed the page/comic
Art, writing, etc.
Dan
Edited/written by
Gary Cohen
BRIDGEPORT -- A pedestrian was struck and killed by a New Haven-bound Metro-North train Saturday, just past the Fairfield Metro station, prompting delays of up to 40 minutes in both directions on the beleaguered New Haven Line, officials said.
A Metropolitan Transportation Authority spokesperson confirmed the incident, which was reported over police scanners just before 8 p.m.
MTA, Fairfield and Bridgeport police responded to the scene. MTA police remained at the scene of the stalled trains Saturday evening.
Police officers could be seen with flashlights searching under the tracks of the train, which was stopped just over Fairfield Avenue in Bridgeport.
At around 9:30 p.m., passengers were transported to another train and left for the Bridgeport station.
"The train hit someone," said a passenger waiting between the train cars. "The cops are looking for body parts."
The incident marks the second pedestrian fatality this month on New Haven Line tracks. A person was fatally struck by a train at the downtown Fairfield station on Sept. 6.
Staff writer Genevieve Reilly contributed to this report.
Not to be confused with Naloxone or Nalmexone
Naltrexone, sold under the brand names ReVia and Vivitrol among others, is a medication primarily used to manage alcohol or opioid dependence.[1] An opioid-dependent person should not receive naltrexone before detoxification.[1] It is taken by mouth or by injection into a muscle.[1] Effects begin within 30 minutes.[1] A decreased desire for opioids, though, may take a few weeks.[1]
Side effects may include trouble sleeping, anxiety, nausea, and headaches.[1] In those still on opioids, opioid withdrawal may occur.[1] Use is not recommended in people with liver failure.[1] It is unclear if use is safe during pregnancy.[1][2] Naltrexone is an opioid antagonist and works by blocking the effects of opioids, both those from inside and outside the body.[1]
Naltrexone was first made in 1965 and was approved for medical use in the United States in 1984.[1][3] As of 2017, the wholesale cost of tablets is about US$0.74 per day in the US.[4][5] The extended-release injections cost about $1,267 per month ($41.20 per day).[5] Naltrexone, as bupropion/naltrexone, is also used to treat obesity.[6]
Medical uses [ edit ]
Alcoholism [ edit ]
Naltrexone has been best studied as a treatment for alcoholism.[7] Naltrexone has been shown to decrease the amount and frequency of drinking.[8] It does not appear to change the percentage of people drinking.[9] Its overall benefit has been described as "modest."[10]
Acamprosate may work better than naltrexone for eliminating drinking, while naltrexone may decrease the desire for alcohol to a greater extent.[11]
The Sinclair method is a method of using opiate antagonists such as naltrexone to treat alcoholism. The person takes the medication about an hour (and only then) before drinking to avoid side effects that arise from chronic use.[12][13] The opioid antagonist blocks the positive-reinforcement effects of alcohol and allows the person to stop or reduce drinking.[13]
Opioid use [ edit ]
Long-acting injectable naltrexone decreases heroin use more than placebo.[14] It has benefits over methadone and buprenorphine in that it is not a restricted medication.[14] It may decrease cravings for opioids after a number of weeks, and decreases the risk of overdose.[1][15] It is given once per month and has better compliance than the oral formulation.[16]
A 2011 review found insufficient evidence to determine the effect of naltrexone taken by mouth in opioid dependence.[17] While some do well with this formulation, it must be taken daily, and a person whose cravings become overwhelming can obtain opioid intoxication simply by skipping a dose. Due to this issue, the usefulness of oral naltrexone in opioid use disorders is limited by the low retention in treatment. Naltrexone by mouth remains an ideal treatment for a small number of people with opioid use, usually those with a stable social situation and motivation. With additional contingency management support, naltrexone may be effective in a broader population.[18]
Others [ edit ]
Naltrexone is not useful for quitting smoking.[19]
Available forms [ edit ]
Naltrexone is available and most commonly used in the form of an oral tablet (50 mg).[20] Vivitrol, a naltrexone formulation for depot injection containing 380 mg of the medication per vial, is also available.[20][21] Additionally, naltrexone subcutaneous implants that are surgically implanted are available.[22] While these are manufactured in Australia, they are not authorized for use within Australia, but only for export.[23] By 2009, naltrexone implants showed encouraging results.[24]
Contraindications [ edit ]
Naltrexone should not be used by persons with acute hepatitis or liver failure, or those with recent opioid use (typically 7–10 days).
Side effects [ edit ]
The most common side effects reported with naltrexone are gastrointestinal complaints such as diarrhea and abdominal cramping. These adverse effects are analogous to the symptoms of opioid withdrawal, as the mu receptor blockade will increase GI motility.
Naltrexone has been reported to cause liver damage (when given at doses higher than recommended). It carries an FDA boxed warning for this rare side effect. Due to these reports, some physicians may check liver function tests prior to starting naltrexone, and periodically thereafter. Concerns for liver toxicity initially arose from a study of nonaddicted obese patients receiving 300 mg of naltrexone.[25] Subsequent studies have suggested limited toxicity in other patient populations.
Naltrexone should not be started until several (typically 7-10) days of abstinence from opioids have been achieved. This is due to the risk of acute opioid withdrawal if naltrexone is taken, as naltrexone will displace most opioids from their receptors. The time of abstinence may be shorter than 7 days, depending on the half-life of the specific opioid taken. Some physicians use a naloxone challenge to determine whether an individual has any opioids remaining. The challenge involves giving a test dose of naloxone and monitoring for opioid withdrawal. If withdrawal occurs, naltrexone should not be started.[26]
Pharmacology [ edit ]
Pharmacodynamics [ edit ]
Naltrexone at opioid receptors Affinities ( K i ) Ratio Ref MOR DOR KOR MOR:DOR:KOR 1.0 nM
0.0825 nM 149 nM
8.02 nM 3.9 nM
0.509 nM 1:149:4
1:97:6 [27]
[28]
Naltrexone and its active metabolite 6β-naltrexol are competitive antagonists at the μ-opioid receptor (MOR), the κ-opioid receptor (KOR) to a lesser extent, and, to a far lesser extent, at the δ-opioid receptor (DOR).[29]
Mechanism of action [ edit ]
The blockade of opioid receptors is the basis behind naltrexone's action in the management of opioid dependence—it reversibly blocks or attenuates the effects of opioids. Its mechanism of action in alcohol dependence is not fully understood, but as an opioid receptor antagonist is likely to be due to the modulation of the dopaminergic mesolimbic pathway (one of the primary centers for risk-reward analysis in the brain, and a tertiary "pleasure center") which is hypothesized to be a major center of the reward associated with addiction that all major drugs of abuse are believed to activate.[citation needed] Mechanism of action may be antagonism to endogenous opioids such as tetrahydropapaveroline, whose production is augmented in the presence of alcohol.[30]
Pharmacokinetics [ edit ]
Naltrexone is metabolized in the liver mainly to 6β-naltrexol by the enzyme dihydrodiol dehydrogenase. Other metabolites include 2-hydroxy-3-methoxy-6β-naltrexol and 2-hydroxy-3-methoxy-naltrexone. These are then further metabolized by conjugation with glucuronide.[citation needed] The plasma half-life of naltrexone and its metabolite 6β-naltrexol are about 4 hours and 13 hours, respectively.[citation needed]
Pharmacogenetics [ edit ]
Tentative evidence suggests that family history and presence of the Asn40Asp polymorphism predicts naltrexone being effective.[31][32]
Chemistry [ edit ]
Naltrexone can be described as a substituted oxymorphone – here the tertiary amine methyl-substituent is replaced with methylcyclopropane. Naltrexone is the N-cyclopropylmethyl derivative of oxymorphone.[citation needed]
Analogues [ edit ]
The closely related medication, methylnaltrexone, is used to treat opioid-induced constipation, but does not treat addiction as it does not cross the blood–brain barrier. Nalmefene is similar to naltrexone and is used for the same purposes as naltrexone. Naltrexone should not be confused with naloxone, which is used in emergency cases of opioid overdose. Other related opioid antagonists include nalodeine and samidorphan.
History [ edit ]
Naltrexone was first synthesized in 1963 by Metossian at Endo Laboratories, a small pharmaceutical company in New York City.[33] It was characterized by Blumberg, Dayton, and Wolf in 1965 and was found to be an orally active, long-acting, and very potent opioid antagonist.[33][34][35][3] The drug showed advantages over earlier opioid antagonists such as cyclazocine, nalorphine, and naloxone, including its oral activity, a long duration of action allowing for once-daily administration, and a lack of dysphorias, and was selected for further development.[3] It was patented by Endo Laboratories in 1967 under the developmental code name EN-1639A and Endo Laboratories was acquired by DuPont in 1969.[36] Clinical trials for opioid dependence began in 1973, and a developmental collaboration of DuPont with the National Institute on Drug Abuse for this indication started the next year in 1974.[36] The drug was approved by the FDA for the oral treatment of opioid dependence in 1984, with the brand name Trexan, and for the oral treatment of alcohol dependence in 1995, when the brand name was changed by DuPont to ReVia.[36][20] A depot formulation for intramuscular injection was approved by the FDA under the brand name Vivitrol for alcohol dependence in 2006 and opioid dependence in 2010.[21][20]
Society and culture [ edit ]
Generic names [ edit ]
Naltrexone is the generic name of the drug and its INN , USAN , BAN , DCF , and DCIT , while naltrexone hydrochloride is its USP and BANM .[37][38][39][40]
Brand names [ edit ]
Naltrexone is or has been marketed under a variety of brand names, including Adepend, Antaxone, Celupan, Depade, Nalorex, Narcoral, Nemexin, Revia/ReVia, Trexan, and Vivitrol.[37][38][39][40] It is also marketed in combination with bupropion (bupropion/naltrexone) as Contrave and was marketed with morphine (morphine/naltrexone) as Embeda.[40] A combination of naltrexone with buprenorphine (buprenorphine/naltrexone) has been developed, but has not been marketed.[41]
Controversies [ edit ]
The FDA authorized use of injectable naltrexone for opioid addiction using a single study[42] that was led by Evgeny Krupitsky at Bekhterev Research Psychoneurological Institute, St Petersburg State Pavlov Medical University, St Petersburg, Russia,[43] a country where opioid agonists such as methadone and buprenorphine are not available. The study was a "double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized", 24-week trial running "from July 3, 2008, through October 5, 2009" with "250 patients with opioid dependence disorder" at "13 clinical sites in Russia" on the use of injectable naltrexone (XR-NTX) for opioid dependence. The study was funded by the Boston-based biotech Alkermes firm which produces and markets naltrexone in the United States. A 2011 article reported that this single trial of naltrexone was performed not by comparing it to the best available, evidence-based treatment (methadone or buprenorphine), but by comparing it with a placebo.[44] A subsequent RCT in Norway did compare injectable naltrexone to buprenorphine and found them to be similar in outcomes.[45]
In May 2017, United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price, praised [Vivitrol] as the future of opioid addiction treatment after visiting the company's plant in Ohio.[46] Their remarks set off sharp criticism with almost 700 experts in the field of substance abuse submitting a letter to Price cautioning them about Vivitrol's "marketing tactics" and warning them that their comment "ignore widely accepted science".[47] The experts pointed out that Vivitrol's competitors, buprenorphine and methadone, are "less expensive", "more widely used", and have been "rigorously studied".
Price had claimed that buprenorphine and methadone were "simply substitute[s]" for "illicit drugs"[46] whereas according to the letter, "the substantial body of research evidence supporting these treatments is summarized in guidance from within your own agency, including the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, the US Surgeon General, the National Institute on Drug Abuse, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. To briefly summarize, buprenorphine and methadone have been demonstrated to be highly effective in managing the core symptoms of opioid use disorder, reducing the risk of relapse and fatal overdose, and encouraging long-term recovery."[47]
According to a June 11, 2017, The New York Times article, Alkermes "has spent years coaxing, with a deft lobbying strategy that has targeted lawmakers and law enforcement officials. The company has spent millions of dollars on contributions to officials struggling to stem the epidemic of opioid abuse. It has also provided thousands of free doses to encourage the use of Vivitrol in jails and prisons, which have by default become major detox centers".[46]
Research [ edit ]
Depersonalization [ edit ]
Naltrexone is sometimes used in the treatment of dissociative symptoms such as depersonalization and derealization.[48][49] Some studies suggest it might help.[50] Other small, preliminary studies have also shown benefit.[48][49] Blockade of the KOR by naltrexone and naloxone is thought to be responsible for their effectiveness in ameliorating depersonalization and derealization.[48][49] Since these drugs are less efficacious in blocking the KOR relative to the MOR, higher doses than typically used seem to be necessary.[48][49]
"Low-dose naltrexone" (LDN) describes the "off-label" use of naltrexone at low doses for diseases not related to chemical dependency or intoxication, such as multiple sclerosis.[51] More research needs to be done before it can be recommended for clinical use.
Although some scientific studies show its efficacy in some conditions such as fibromyalgia,[52] other, more dramatic claims for its use in conditions such as cancer and HIV have less scientific support.[51] This treatment has received significant attention on the Internet, especially through websites run by organizations promoting its use.[53]
One study suggests that self-injurious behaviors present in persons with developmental disabilities (including autism) can sometimes be remedied with naltrexone.[54] In these cases, the self-injury is believed to be done to release beta-endorphin, which binds to the same receptors as heroin and morphine.[55] If the "rush" generated by self-injury is removed, the behavior may stop.
Behavioral disorders [ edit ]
Some indications exist that naltrexone might be beneficial in the treatment of impulse-control disorders such as kleptomania, compulsive gambling, or trichotillomania (compulsive hair pulling), but evidence of its effectiveness for gambling is conflicting.[56][57][58] A 2008 case study reported successful use of naltrexone in suppressing and treating an internet pornography addiction.[59]
Interferon alpha [ edit ]
Naltrexone is effective in suppressing the cytokine-mediated adverse neuropsychiatric effects of interferon alpha therapy.[60][61]
See also [ edit ]
A lot of ink, airtime, and media megabytes are being used to cover the huge number of elections going on all around the nation right now. One of the most important is getting very little coverage, even though it affects every single person in my home state and indeed the US in very personal ways. It is the race for Iowa Secretary of Agriculture.
Unless you are part of the less-than-two-percent of America that are farmers, you might ask yourself why such a race could be important to you. Look at it this way, the issues in this race are only important to those who eat, and if you eat you are a part of agriculture.
Francis Thicke (it's pronounced "Tick-ee," BTW) is the only candidate for the office with the vision needed to put the power in the hands of the farmer. In one sense they mean to do so literally, with a comprehensive plan for on-farm power generation that will free our farms from the choking yoke of foreign oil.
They also want power back in the hands of local communities, seeking to overturn the legislation (forced through by large corporate interests) that keeps counties and other local governments from having a voice in whether to allow big polluting hog factories in their jurisdictions. They want regulations with teeth and enough inspectors to carry out the regulations, so that horrible cases like the recent salmonella outbreak at two Iowa egg factories do not recur. Best of all, they want crop diversity and local food production so that Iowa, an agricultural state, needn't import 90 percent of its food as it does right now. That's $7.2 billion that leaves Iowa every year, never to return. The more food we buy from local sources, the more of that money that stays here.
Consider it this way: Johnson County, for example, has about 50,000 households. If each of those households redirected just ten dollars of their existing weekly grocery budget toward something local - from a farmers market, a CSA, or eggs from the farmer down the road - it would keep $26 million in the local economy. Imagine the impact if that were to happen statewide, in all 99 counties, with all 3.5 million Iowans.
Some may feel that they don't want government telling them what to eat. Bad news for them: the government is already telling you what to eat, successfully, and it is mostly very unhealthy for you and your children. It is however quite healthy for the bottoms lines of a few very large, mostly out-of-state chemical and biotech firms, which is why they want Iowans to re-elect Bill Northey, and why they've given so much out-of-state money to Mr. Northey's campaign.
Francis Thicke has been a professional farmer for nearly 30 years. They have a PhD in soil science, and decades of hands-on farm and public service experience.  They are beholden to no corporate or out-of-state interests at all.
For the most change you can create in this election, I urge Iowans to vote for Francis Thicke for Iowa Secretary of Agriculture. If you're from out-of-state, I urge you to lend your voices.
Dependent typing is something most of us use in a restricted form, but that most working programmers don't really encounter in its “stronger” forms outside of school. Parametric polymorphism is the most common expression of type dependence, which lets us have functions or other types that are dependent on the types of either parameters or a type parameter to the class itself. This is mostly commonly called generics in most languages, and permit us to generalize the way we write code so that we can use the same algorithm even though the types may vary - the classic example being an array or vector.
There's another side to dependent typing though that gives us even more freedom, and the best way to introduce it is to ask a simple question: what about tuples? While languages like Swift have built-in tuple types, what type is a tuple really? Is it a type that is parametrically polymorphic as we noted above? Sort of - we know that it should store any arbitrary data type, but the difference between a 3-tuple and a 4-tuple is not the same as the difference between a list containing three items and a list containing four items - indeed, a 3-tuple and a 4-tuple are separate types. The n-tuple is a dependent type based on a value - the number of elements it contains. This is where we really get the value out of dependent typing - we can define functions that only operate on 4-tuples, or functions that only operate on 8-tuples, and then enforce this at compile time using Swift's static type checking. This helps us stop misuse of functions and methods before runtime, and helps us keep bugs out of our code.
So, let's dig in, after all, why should Apple get to have all the fun with their tuples?
Tuple Typing
Let's have a look at some code and how it evaluates in Swift to convince ourselves that tuples work this way. One thing to note, throughout this post I'm going to be using the reflection function in Swift, which lets us get a MirrorType for any object, letting us get easy access to its actual type and other information.
1 2 3 let x = reflect (( 1 , 2 , 3 )) let y = reflect (( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 )) print ( x . valueType == y . valueType )
If you try this for yourself, you can see that we get a statement of “false” printed. The types in question are shown as (Int,Int,Int).Type and (Int,Int,Int,Int).Type . We can see here that not only does the type of the values stored determine the type of the tuple, but as we said, so does the number of elements. This makes it clear that there is at least one very common case where allowing dependent types based on values not just types would be valuable. With this in mind, let's see if we can implement “pseudo” dependent types in Swift with the end goal of implementing a type system rich enough for the tuple type ourselves.
Building (Almost) Dependent Types
Before we can tackle tuples, first we have to figure out how to represent a value in a type. For now, let's talk about the type we're going to generate for a particular value in terms of a type constructor, \(F(x)\) where \(x\) can vary over our input domain of valid values for our dependent type system. Given this type constructor, it must satisfy a few fairly common sense properties for us to be able to use it for dependent typing.
The first property is that the function must always map a given input value to a given output type - that is, the type generated for a given input must remain the same and compare as equal regardless of how many times we call the type constructor. Another way to state this is that we have to guarantee that \(F(x)\) is a pure function, that is, it causes no observable side effects, and relies on no external state.
The second property is that for two given inputs to the type constructor, the output must be unique. To state this mathematically the function must satisfy the following rule \(\forall x_{0},x_{1} \in X, x_{0}
eq x_{1} \implies F(x_{0})
eq F(x_{1})\). This guarantees us that our function is a one to one map for values to types.
Recursive Type Representations in Swift
Swift is great because it offers very good static type checking - but this also present us with a bit of a problem as we try to generate dependent types. To build our types, we have to rely on values that are not known until runtime, but to build the types, we have to construct a type based on the arbitrary input. This puts us in hot water, as it means that the type inference system cannot figure out our types, and in fact, it's not even entirely clear how we can do this in Swift's syntax.
To solve this, let's think about what the types we have will actually represent. For now, for the purposes of simplification, let's limit the values we support to positive integers, that is we'll limit the domain \(X\) of our function to be the set of positive integers supported in Swift. This makes sense since it's all we need for tuples, but we can also generalize this approach as we'll discuss later. Based on this, the type we generate with our function really just needs to be an encoding of the type itself. Swift offers us generics, so what if we used container types, and string them together in such a way that they represent the values. Let's look at a few examples.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 class ValueTypeTerm < T > { } /* To represent 1 we will use the following type */ var valueType1 : ValueTypeTerm < int > /* To represent 2 we will use the following type */ var valueType2 : ValueTypeTerm < ValueTypeTerm < int >> /* And so on... */
Based on the above, it's fairly clear that this also satisfies the properties we mentioned before - for any input, the type it generates will be unique, and for any input the type will always we the same. Now that we have a method of representation, we just have to write our actual type constructor.
Generating (Almost) Dependent Types
As it turns out, we can use a recursive function to actually generate the type we want. The only problem we will run into with this sort of setup is how we actually pass the type up the stack in such a way as to not confuse the type inference engine. We can do this using an accumulator, given that this is a recursive function, which also has the useful side effect of making this function tail recursive. We use MirrorType here at the top as a convenience to avoid some weird casting.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 class ValueTypeTerm < T > { } func valueTypeForValueRecursive < T > ( val : Int , blank : T ) -> MirrorType { if ( val == 0 ) { return reflect ( blank ) } return valueTypeForValueRecursive ( val - 1 , blank : ValueTypeTerm < T > ()) } func valueTypeForValue ( val : Int ) -> Any . Type { return valueTypeForValueRecursive ( val , blank : val ). valueType }
So we can see here that we have a wrapper function called valueTypeForValue that takes an integer and then returns a type by simply calling the recursive call and unwrapping the result from the MirrorType .
The recursive function itself takes what is in the accumulator, embeds it in a ValueTypeTerm as the parametric type, and then recursively calls itself until it hits zero. Once zero is reached, it wraps it in a MirrorType , and returns the result.
If we do some testing in a playground, we will quickly find that this does exactly what we want: it generates the types exactly as we specified in our previous representation. The returned types also meet the two requirements we stated originally.
There's one problem we haven't solved yet though: we can now represent types with numeric values, but another aspect of dependent typing is that the value type may actually change the semantics of the type itself. In other words, a tuple is dependent not just on the number of elements it has, but also the type of those elements. So it looks like we've moved the goal now that we've reached it, so let's dig back in.
Back to the Drawing Board…
There are a few directions we can head from here - but the most obvious is probably to extend our type constructor to not only be dependent on the integer, but also on a set of types themselves. In other words, instead of just passing in an integer, you would also pass in a list of types that dictate the order of the Tuple. This makes some intuitive sense, but first we have to think about how to tweak our model and see if it makes sense.
Adapting our model
Previously, we used a model where we nested types - we will still need to use this model to represent the integer portion of our type, but we also want to represent the type of given tuple index. Why not just add another parametric type to our container, use one of them to handle the nesting, and use one of them to handle the type for the index of the current type. Let's look at a few examples quickly.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 class ValueTypeTerm < Q , T > { } /* Value: 2, Types: Int, String */ var type1 : ValueTypeTerm < String , ValueTypeTerm < Int , Int >> /* Value: 3, Types: Int, String, CustomType */ var type2 : ValueTypeTerm < CustomType , ValueTypeTerm < String , ValueTypeTerm < Int , Int >>>
This is pretty simple - we're just adding a parametric type value alongside the “depth” to indicate what type is available at each depth. This sounds like it will work.
Modifying Our type constructor
Given our modified representation, now we just have to modify our type constructor to generate our types. The obvious way to do this would be to let someone pass in the types themselves - but doing so you end up running into issues with the type inference system. Our entire strategy around using the type system revolves around us being able to build a type up dynamically to represent our structure, and when we pass in the types we cannot create this structure dynamically since Swift is statically typed and we cannot reference types in this way at runtime.
Instead, we can pass in the actual values themselves, and construct our structure based on the objects, with their rich type information, but there's still another problem here: if we accept [Any] the objects lose their type information as well. We also cannot dynamically cast based on an Any.Type or we could pass in MirrorType objects and cast their values to their valueType. Well, that puts us in a bad position, but there is one option: we can recursively, and in a quite ugly way, generate our tuple type based on the types we want to pass in.
Let's have a look at the very simple code that accomplishes this, then we can talk more about it.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 class ValueTypeContainer < Q , T > { } func valueTypeForTypeRecursive < Q , T > ( val : Q , cont : T ) -> ValueTypeContainer < Q , T > { return ValueTypeContainer < Q , T > () } let b = valueTypeForTypeRecursive ( 1 , cont : valueTypeForTypeRecursive ( "A String" , cont : valueTypeForTypeRecursive ([ 1 ], cont : valueTypeForTypeRecursive ( 1 , cont : ValueTypeContainer < Any , Any > ())))) let c = valueTypeForTypeRecursive ( 1 , cont : valueTypeForTypeRecursive ( "A String" , cont : valueTypeForTypeRecursive ([ 1 ], cont : valueTypeForTypeRecursive ([ 1 ], cont : ValueTypeContainer < Any , Any > ()))))
We can see that this recursive building function basically has us pass in a value at each step, combined with a container structure. The function then aggregates the container structure with the value passed in. At the base case, we have a container that has any types in it to mark that we are done. Here you can see we create two tuples, one of what we would call type (Int, String, [Int], Int) (not literally this type in Swift, but what you can conceptually think of as representing this type) and one of what we would call type (Int, String, [Int], [Int]) . If we use reflect and valueType to get their types, we can then actually compare the types and see that they are actually fundamentally different.
This is very ugly, and there are ways we could potentially clean it up, but it's difficult as we run into a lot of problems where Swift won't let us change things so it can preserve its static typing capability - which ironically is part of what really gives us value in this sort of approaches.
Generalizing This
With what we've done, we are capable of representing and even implementing a tuple using dependent typing. We can extend this to other arbitrary classes of values as well as types using multiple techniques, but they all come down to the primitive operations we displayed here: recursively building types and using polymorphic types to represent dependent types. Regardless, it's important to note we still haven't given the type system truly dependent types - just provided a workaround to let us pretend it does in some cases.
Conclusion
After discussing why dependent types are important, we have managed to build pseudo-dependent types based on values in in Swift. These types, while not truly giving us a dependent type system, prove that Swift is rich enough that it's even possible to (almost) extend the type system itself if you're willing to jump through enough hoops. I wouldn't recommend using the final results here in most cases, but in some cases, using value driven dependent typing, even when the implementation itself is ugly, can lead to much cleaner and safer results.
I hope you've enjoyed the post - as always, please feel free to let me know of any errors I've made or any improvements you think I could make to the article. I've done my best to keep it accurate, but I'm quite fallible.
Oh - one last note - for those of you that are research computer scientists or theoretical purists, I've stepped on type theory quite a bit today without getting into any real depth in terms of explaining how type systems work, why dependent typing matters, the different ranks/types of dependent typing, nor a lot of other very important details. This was done intentionally to keep this article accessible. Rest assured, I'm preparing another article to dig into these topics a lot more though and you're welcome to nitpick it as much as you'd like!
Thanks
Thanks to curryhoward from hacker news for pointing out some terminology errors I made and suggesting some other corrections for clarity - as always such corrections are appreciated!
A Republican gay rights group is one of the super PACs that raised the most money during the first quarter of this year thanks to Republican financier Paul Singer. (Photo credit: Wikimedia)
An anti-gun PAC, a GOP gay rights PAC and rival committees touting the 2016 presidential campaigns of conservative Ben Carson and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are among the top fundraising super PACs during the first quarter of this election year, an analysis by Sunlight's Real-Time FEC tracker shows.
The tracker, which makes it possible to quickly aggregate and sort campaign finance reports that come into the Federal Election Commission, shows that among the committees that file on a quarterly schedule — whose reports were due at midnight Tuesday — the Democratic Senate Majority PAC was by far the biggest money magnet, raking in more than $11 million between Jan. 1 and March 31. The next closest was American Unity PAC, a Republican pro-gay rights group. It picked up more than $2.7 million, almost entirely from two backers who made fortunes in investing: Paul Singer, the group's founder, and Seth Klarman, a hedge-fund manager and author.
The 10 super PACs that raised $1 million or more during the first three months of the year are notable for the extreme polarization they reflect among donors. Though the super PAC behind the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign-in-waiting made the list, it was bested in the fundraising sweepstakes by a group backing conservative physician Ben Carson. Other big money raisers included a Tea Party group, the gun control super PAC founded by former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, D-Ariz., and two super PACs largely underwritten by Chicago-based conservatives: Ending Spending, backed by Cubs owner Joe Ricketts, and Liberty Principles Action Fund, which was founded by a Windy City talk show host and backed by Dick Uihlein, a packaging magnate with Tea Party leanings.
The quarterly filings present only a partial picture of the fundraising landscape. Many political action committees file on a monthly basis and their next reports are due at the Federal Election Commission on Sunday.
Below is a list of the top 10 fundraisers among super PACs that made their first quarterly filings as of last night. The complete list of top fundraisers for the first quarter is available here.
Although it's only officially available on Microsoft's latest Lumia devices, it is already running on 7 percent of Windows phone, according to the latest data from AdDuplex. In fact, it is the only Windows release that increased its share in the last month.
Windows 10 comes pre-installed on the new Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL, but preview builds are also available on a range of other Windows phones. Given that Windows 10's share is already at 7 percent, it seems a lot of users have upgraded early to those preview builds.
Meanwhile, Windows Phone 7's share fell 0.6 percent over the past month, Windows Phone 8's share fell 0.3 percent, and Windows Phone 8.1's share fell 0.4 percent. However, the latter still commands the largest share by far, with 78.9 percent of the Windows phone market.
Windows 10's share will likely eclipse that relatively quickly as soon as it starts rolling out to more devices next month, but Microsoft will be more interested in whether it can steal share from Android and iOS, which hold 96.7 percent of smartphone marketshare worldwide, according to the latest figures from IDC.
Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn called themselves a “matchmaker,” but their business wasn't romance. Instead, authorities say, they brokered the sale of black-market kidneys, buying organs from vulnerable people from Israel for $10,000 and selling them to desperate patients in the U.S. for as much as $160,000.
The alleged scheme exposed this week by an FBI sting, rocked the nation's transplant industry. If true, it would be the first documented case of organ trafficking in the U.S., transplant experts said today.
Levy Izhak Rosenbaum, 58, of Brooklyn, N.Y, is taken into the back of the federal courthouse in Newark on corruption charges.  They are charged with trafficking in illegal kidneys.
“There's certainly cross-national activity, but it hasn't touched the United States or we haven't known about it until now,” said University of Pennsylvania medical ethicist Arthur Caplan, who is co-directing a U.N. task force on international organ trafficking.
Rosenbaum was arrested Thursday, 10 days after meeting in their basement with a government informant and an FBI agent posing as the informant's secretary. The agent claimed to be searching for a kidney for a sick uncle on dialysis who was on a transplant list at a Philadelphia hospital.
“I am what you call a matchmaker,” Rosenbaum said in a secretly recorded conversation. “I bring a guy what I believe, he's suitable for your uncle.” Asked how many organs they had brokered, they said: “Quite a lot,” the most recent two weeks earlier.
As part of the scheme, the organ donors were brought from Israel to this country, where they underwent surgery to remove the kidneys, authorities said. Prosecutors did not identify which hospitals in the U.S. received the donors and their kidneys.
“The allegations about an organ trafficking ring in the United States are appalling,” said John Davis, CEO of the National Kidney Foundation.
Israel Medical Association spokesperson Orna Cohen said the organization had no reports there of Israelis selling organs. “If it's true, then it's shocking,” they said.
Micky Rosenfeld, a spokesperson for Israel's national police force, said Israeli police were not involved in the investigation, and they would not comment further.
Under 1984 federal law, it is illegal for anyone to knowingly buy or sell organs for transplant. The practice is illegal just about everywhere else in the world, too.
But demand for kidneys far outstrips the supply, with 4,540 people dying in the U.S. last year while waiting for a kidney, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing. As a result, there is a thriving black market for kidneys around the world.
Nancy Scheper-Hughes, an anthropology professor at the University of California at Berkeley and the author of an upcoming book on human organ trafficking, said that they have been tracking the Brooklyn-connected ring for 10 years and that their contacts in Israel have called Rosenbaum “the top man” in the United States.
Scheper-Hughes said they were told Rosenbaum carried a gun, and when a potential organ seller would get cold feet, Rosenbaum would use their finger to simulate firing a gun at the person's head.
Rosenbaum was arrested in a sweeping federal case that began as an investigation into money laundering and trafficking in kidneys and fake designer bags. It mushroomed into a political corruption probe, culminating in the arrests this week of 44 people, including three New Jersey mayors, various other officials, and five rabbis. The politicians and rabbis were not accused of involvement in the organ trafficking.
Rosenbaum, 58, is a member of the Orthodox Jewish community in the Borough Park section of Brooklyn, where they told neighbors they were in the construction business.
For someone who was not a surgeon, Rosenbaum seemed in their recorded conversations to have a thorough knowledge of the ins and outs of kidney donations, including how to fool hospitals into believing the donor was acting solely out of compassion for a friend or loved one.
They were recorded saying that money had to be spread around liberally, to Israeli doctors, visa preparers and those who cared for the organ donors in this country. “One of the reasons it's so expensive is because you have to shmear (pay others) all the time,” they were quoted as saying.
“So far, I've never had a failure,” they bragged on tape. “I'm doing this a long time.”
At a 2008 meeting with the undercover agent, Rosenbaum claimed they had an associate who worked for an insurance company in Brooklyn who could take the recipient's blood samples, store them on dry ice and send them to Israel, where they would be tested to see if they matched the prospective donor, authorities said.
Four checks totaling $10,000, a downpayment on the fictitious uncle's new kidney, were deposited in the bank account of a charity in Brooklyn, prosecutors said.
It was not immediately clear today who Rosenbaum's attorney was.
Dr. Francis Delmonico, a Harvard professor, transplant surgeon and board member of the National Kidney Foundation's Board of Directors, said similar trafficking is going on elsewhere around the world. They said an estimated 10 percent of kidney transplants — 5,000 to 6,000 each year — are done illegally. Hot spots are Pakistan, the Philippines and China, where it is believed organs are obtained from executed prisoners, they said.
Caplan, the University of Pennsylvania ethicist, said they expect the U.N. task force to make recommendations in October that would hold hospitals worldwide accountable for establishing the origins of each organ they transplant and whether it was freely donated without compensation.
“There is a black market, almost exclusively in kidneys,” Caplan said. “All international medical groups and governments ought to condemn any marketing in body parts. It's simply too exploitative of the poor and vulnerable. The quality of the organs is questionable. People lie to get the money. The middle men are irresponsible and often criminals. They don't care about the people who sell.”
Scheper-Hughes said their research has uncovered hundreds of cases of illegal organ transactions brokered by and for Israelis in Israel, South AFRICA, Turkey and other countries, with sellers recruited from poor communities in Moldova, BRAZIL and elsewhere.
A few transplant surgeons support changing the law to allow a system of regulated compensation to increase the pool of donor kidneys.
Arthur Matas, a transplant surgeon who directs the kidney transplant service at the University of Minnesota Medical School, said donors could be compensated with some combination of lifetime access to medical care, life insurance, a tax credit, help with college and a small direct payment.
“It would minimize the extraordinary black market and exploitation of impoverished people internationally,” Matas said.
Martin Weinfeld, who lives around the corner from Rosenbaum in Brooklyn, said the allegations bring shame on the community.
“It puts a bad name on good people,” they said. “Religion is supposed to be about God, helping others, not about the cash.”
via: http://www.nj.com/news/index.ssf/2009/07/nj_corruption_probe_includes_f.html
BREAKING NEWS! The San Francisco Giants win the World Series every even-numbered year! Yes, it's true. They won championships in 2010, 2012 and 2014 -- while missing the playoffs completely in 2009, 2011, 2013 and 2015. Amazing, isn't it? San Francisco's World Series championships are entirely tied to even-numbered years! In odd-numbered years, they're odd men out.
"I have never heard that before,'' said Giants catcher Buster Posey, their voice dripping with sarcasm. "But I'm glad that we're talking about it. It means we've won the World Series every other year for the last six. So I would rather be talking about that than not.
"But I don't think there is a particular reason. If we knew what it was, we would do it every year.''
Editor's Picks Explaining the San Francisco Giants' even-year prowess The Giants have won the World Series each of the past three even-numbered years, and have compiled a .564 winning percentage in those seasons.
There must be some reason for such a streak, right? It can't be all coincidence, can it?
"I think there is a little something to it,'' shortstop Brandon Crawford said. "You have a short offseason after the World Series, and we've had some injuries during the years after we won the World Series. So the next year, we come back a little bit more refreshed and able to get through the whole year.
"But I don't think it really matters what year it is.''
Oh, but it does. As Giants fans know very well, the even number means everything. Here is why that is the case, and more importantly, what the Giants must do this year to keep their even-numbered mojo alive.
BY THE NUMBERS
So if San Francisco wins the World Series in even-numbered years, then how come it lost in 2002 and 1962? The answer requires a more intensive examination of the numbers.
If you add up the digits in 2010, 2012 and 2014, each year results in an odd number (3 for 2010, 5 for 2012 and 7 for 2014). But 2002 and 1962 add up to even numbers (4 and 18). So to win a World Series, San Francisco has to not only play in an even-numbered year, that year must also add up to an odd number. When informed of this, Crawford replied, "There are advanced analytics in that.''
The good news for Crawford and their teammates? Those analytics reveal that the Giants will win the World Series this year and 2018. But after that? Not until 2030.
Still, it's better than Cubs, Mariners, Padres, Brewers and Cleveland fans can expect.
DON'T STOP BELIEVING
Former Journey frontman and diehard Giants fan Steve Perry hasn't stopped believing in San Francisco's even-year magic. Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
Another reason the Giants started winning World Series titles in 2010? Former Journey frontman Steve Perry.
Perry is a diehard Giants fan whose 1981 hit, "Don't Stop Believing,'' became a late-inning tradition at many ballparks after the White Sox played it regularly during their 2005 World Series run. The Giants picked it up in the fall of 2010, and Perry frequently sang along with the crowd as they watched San Francisco finally win a World Series.
Perry reportedly will release an album this year -- which is just one omen that bodes well for the Giants, especially if it includes a new version of "Don't Stop Believin.'''
Just a San Francisco girl
Livin' in an expensive world
They took Uber goin' to AT&T
Just a Daly City boy
Born and raised in the South Bay
They kayaked goin' to McCovey Cove
Bumgarner on the mound
A smell of batters peeing their pants
Another at-bat, their OPS drop out of sight
MadBum pounds the glove on and on and on and on ...
Don't stop believin'
Hold on to that feelin'
Cuz it's an even-numbered year ...
ALL MY CHILDREN
Little Braylyn Crawford celebrated with their dad after the Giants' World Series championship in 2014. Will their new little brother get to do likewise this year? AP Photo/Jeff Roberson
Crawford's two daughters, Braylyn and Jaydyn, were born in the World Series years of 2012 and 2014, respectively. Braylyn celebrated with their dad on the field after the Giants clinched in Kansas City. Crawford and their wife, Jalynne, welcomed a son, Braxton, in January. So third time's a good luck charm, right?
"A lot of people will tell you that, but I don't believe any of that,'' Giants pitcher Jake Peavy said. "We'll have to figure out a way to get into the playoffs, which is never easy, and once you're in, you have to figure out a way to win 11 games, which is harder than it seems. That said, we've got a number of guys who've been down that road before and know how to get it done. And we're going to exhaust every option in this clubhouse to do that.''
Still, the Crawford kids are clearly a better clubhouse charm than, say, Adam LaRoche and their son, Drake. LaRoche never played on a team that won a postseason series during their 12-year career.
PARENTHOOD
Speaking of offspring, the TV series "Parenthood'' -- about the multiple generations of the fictional Braverman family -- was set in the Bay Area. Its first season aired in 2010 and its last season in the fall of 2014. Coincidence? The Bravermans were avid baseball fans, so much so that the series finale centered on a family baseball game. While most of the clan rooted for the Athletics, all those Giants world championships came during the show's run. So fans must be hoping those reunion rumors are real -- or maybe they should simply stream it nonstop on Netflix this season.
SIGNS OF THE EVEN-NUMBERED TIMES
Opposing fans can continue playfully mocking Giants outfielder and noted clubhouse orator Hunter Pence for mild offenses. They have the perfect response. Cody Pickens
The Giants won the 2012 World Series after right fielder Hunter Pence inspired them with a rousing pregame speech during the division series. They won the 2014 World Series in a season that was filled with opposing fans holding up signs making fun of -- or having fun with -- Pence. Among them: "Hunter Pence Picks the Hamburger in the Hot Dog Race,'' "Hunter Pence Brings 15 Items to the Express Lane,'' "Hunter Pence Thinks 'Game of Thrones' Is Just OK'' and "Hunter Pence Thinks Kansas City is in Kansas.''
So what kind of stunt will Pence stage in 2016? The outfielder declined to talk about the even-numbered issue, instead saying, "Every moment is crazy and weird. The past is in the past forever. Today is a new day.''
Maybe what the Giants need is for someone to hold up a series of Pence-related cue cards in front of the dugout to inspire the players and amuse the fans:
Hunter Pence Thinks Clayton Kershaw Is Just OK, So You Can Take Him Deep.
Hunter Pence says "Bring 13 Items to the Express Line and Your 'A Game' to the Plate, the Mound and the Field.''
Hunter Pence Picks the Giant in the Hot Dog Race ... and in the NL West Race.
Hunter Pence Says 2010, 2012 and 2014 Are in the Past Forever. And That 2016 Is a New Year. And That It Is an Even Year. So Plan to Spend All October at AT&T Park, Not Hawaii.
Hunter Pence Doesn't Think the 2016 World Series Trophy Will Be in San Francisco, They Know It Will Be.
FEAR THE BEARD
Closers with imposing stuff and even more imposing facial hair -- such as Brian Wilson and Sergio Romo -- are yet another Giants even-year phenomenon. Getty Images
Closer Brian Wilson finished out the final inning of the 2010 World Series with their then-outlandish beard, a look that inspired both an MLB ad and an ESPN "This is SportsCenter" commercial. Sergio Romo, equally hirsute, closed out the 2012 World Series. And the bearded Bumgarner pitched the final innings of the 2014 World Series.
"We did have some guys grow their facial hair out, and in 2014, we did have some guys growing long hair," Peavy said. "But that stuff just shows some team unity and that guys are in it together and that we're playing for each other out there. I don't think any of that stuff has to do with getting Eric Hosmer out.''
Still, it probably wouldn't hurt to make sure Santiago Casilla doesn't shave until November or to keep Bumgarner available to come out of the pen again.
SPEAKING OF WHICH ....
Bumgarner is 4-0 with a 0.25 ERA during San Francisco's three World Series championship runs, allowing just one run and 14 hits while striking out 31 in 36 innings. That includes a Game 5 shutout in 2014, followed by five scoreless innings in relief just three days later in Game 7. So perhaps the Giants should have them start and relieve throughout the whole season.
It might not hurt to have them pinch-hit, too. Bumgarner has 11 career home runs.
Yeah, that could really tire MadBum out. But don't worry, the Giants can give their legs a bit of a rest. Just let them ride their horse to the mound.
The last time San Francisco won a World Series, MVP Madison Bumgarner commemorated the championship on horseback. Will the Giants ride their workhorse ace to another title in 2016? Jeff Chiu/Getty Images
QUAKING IN THEIR CLEATS
The then-New York Giants won 96 games in 1906, which is more than they won in 2010, 2012 or 2014. Yet they did not get to the World Series that year. It wasn't just because the Cubs won 116 games; it was also the same year as the infamous 1906 San Francisco earthquake. And as the 1989 World Series showed, the Giants do not win when there is a major seismic activity in San Francisco.
So no fracking!
AND FINALLY, NO INJURIES
Sure, World Series vets Tim Lincecum and Pablo Sandoval are gone, but regular-season and World Series MVPs Posey and Bumgarner remain. The key is those two avoiding injury. After the Giants won the 2010 World Series, Posey broke their leg and missed most of the 2011 season. After the Giants won the 2012 World Series, Angel Pagan missed much of the 2013 season with injuries. After the Giants won the 2014 World Series, Pence missed much of the 2015 season with several injuries.
So stay healthy, my friends. We'll see you in October.
Toronto has a prominent champion in Ottawa in the run-up to the federal election this fall. And New Democratic Party Leader Tom Mulcair deserves full credit for assuming that role. It remains to be seen if the other national party leaders will join them in putting forward bold urban agendas of their own. But they should. When Toronto and other major cities thrive, so does all of Canada.
Toronto Mayor John Tory, left, and federal NDP Leader Tom Mulcair speak to reporters at city hall in Toronto on Monday. ( Darren Calabrese / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
It's difficult to put the case better than Mulcair did themselves in an important speech on Sunday. “Only when Toronto is strong is Canada strong,” they said. “When it comes to the future of Toronto and all of our big cities, I believe it's time to think big again, to be bold again, to reach higher and build the Canada of our dreams.” Mulcair proceeded to outline some “first steps” for how a New Democratic government would do just that. And they covered all the right policy areas in speaking to about 1,300 party faithful at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Noting that the average commute time in Toronto is longer than in Los Angeles, New York or London, they pledged to support public transit in cities across the country through dedicated, long-term funding. “Our commitment will be permanent, stable and predictable,” Mulcair said.
Article Continued Below
This has long been a goal of urban advocates urging Ottawa to adopt a national transit strategy devoted to cutting commuting time through long-range, multi-year federal spending. Speaking directly to Toronto city council and Mayor John Tory (open John Tory's policard), who won election largely on the basis of their promised SmartTrack “surface subway,” Mulcair said they would be a partner on transit: “Together we will get the people of Toronto moving.” No wonder Tory declared themselves “gratified and pleased” with Mulcair's approach. Other elements of the NDP's urban agenda include: Appointing a minister responsible for urban affairs — someone to advocate for cities in federal cabinet when key decisions are made.
Delivering long-term, stable funding for affordable housing.
Identifying, within the first 100 days of taking office, “worthy extensions” of social housing investments that are set to expire and highlighting new spending necessary to ease a crisis in affordable housing.
Introducing $15-a-day child care nationwide, and funding 164,000 daycare spaces in the Greater Toronto Area alone. This should be of significant help to the 20,000 families in this city currently on waiting lists for affordable care.
Article Continued Below
Accelerating immigration process-times so families can be reunited faster — an important consideration in Toronto, which serves as a magnet for newcomers to Canada. These are all valuable initiatives. Mulcair is demonstrating a clear understanding of Toronto's needs and has made addressing them a welcome priority. If their urban agenda is to be faulted, it would be for remaining rather vague – especially on dollar amounts. Those of Mulcair's policies that come with a clear price tag (such as $15-a-day child care) aren't strictly municipal in nature, although cities would benefit. The only concrete amount they offered for transit expansion was an extra $420 million, from the existing gas tax, to be shared by communities across Canada. But that was announced in 2013, and the entire GTA would have to split $90 million — a pittance considering the region's massive needs. Likewise for Mulcair's promises on affordable housing. They appear headed in the right direction but has offered no dollar amount to demonstrate the strength of their commitment. To give their urban agenda real clout Mulcair needs to flesh it out with more detail, especially how much an NDP government would be willing to spend to advance the cause of cities. There's still plenty of time for that before the federal election scheduled for October. Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau and Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper would be wise to weigh in, too, with their own urban agendas. All Canadians stand to benefit. Big cities — especially Toronto — are powerhouses of growth, propelling the entire economy forward. It's vital to invest in their future. Urban areas are also where about 80 per cent of Canadian voters happen to live. So a platform that effectively addresses the needs of cities isn't just smart policy. It's smart politics, too.
Read more about:
Gov. Matt Bevin said in an interview Tuesday morning that college athletes should be financially compensated for generating billions of dollars in revenue that make others wealthy, urging Congress and the NCAA to consider changing current student-athlete policies.
The governor made these comments in an interview on Paducah radio station WKYX after being asked about the University of Louisville basketball scandal stemming from a FBI corruption sting of several college basketball programs last week. Two UofL coaches are alleged to have been a part of a scheme to bribe two recruits — along with an AAU coach and a top executive of Adidas — which led to interim UofL President Greg Postel placing both Hall of Fame coach Rick Pitino and athletics director Tom Jurich on administrative leave.
Bevin answered that they were both sad and mad that “this kind of shenanigans continues to go on,” but then launched into an unsolicited pitch for college athletes to received financial compensation.
“I think we should pay college athletes,” said Bevin. “I really do. This idea that they're not professionals is nonsense.”
Defending their position that college athletes should be compensated, Bevin said: “They're not there like normal students and we shouldn't pretend that they are. Some of them, yes, go to class, but most of them are students differently because they're there for athletics and not academics.”
As for how they should be paid, Bevin added, “I think we should maybe defer that comp — fair enough, they can defer it – but they and their families should be able to benefit from the sacrifices they make.” Bevin added that everyone else associated with college athletics is getting rich, except for the players who made all of this possible.
“The coaches are making millions of dollars a year,” said Bevin. “Shoe contracts are dictating what happens on our college campuses. Athletics directors and others associated with it that are making exorbitant fees. I don't begrudge people making a high living. Good for them, and I mean that sincerely. But if that comes at the expense of those that are delivering the athletic prowess on the field, then maybe we should rethink the fact that this is really like the minor leagues for the professional sports associations, and they should be compensated and treated accordingly.”
Bevin added that compensating college athletes “is something that we need to think about at the U.S. level and the congressional level and the NCAA level.”
Asked if they thought that college athletes were being exploited, Bevin said: “I think that is one word that could potentially be used. I mean, there are a lot of ways one might look at it. And there will be those who say certainly that is not our intent, and I agree. I don't think anyone's intending to exploit anyone.”
On Monday, Postel formally began the process of firing Pitino for cause, and Tuesday afternoon they will announce the hiring of a new athletics director to step in for Jurich while they remain on paid administrative leave. Last Friday, Postel promoted assistant coach David Padgett to take over as interim head coach of the basketball team.
Republished from the Bureau of Investigative Journalism
October 23rd, 2010 | by Angus Stickler
President Barack Obama's government handed over thousands of detainees to the Iraqi authorities, despite knowing there were hundreds of reports of alleged torture in Iraqi government facilities.
Washington was warned by the United Nations and many human rights organisations that torture was widespread in Iraqi detention centres. But the Bureau of Investigative Journalism can reveal the U.S.'s own troops informed their commanders of more than 1,300 claims of torture by Iraqi Security forces between 2005 and 2009.
Prisoner handover
In July 2010, the U.S. completed the handover of 9,250 detainees to the Iraqi authorities.
It would be a clear violation of international law, drawn up by the United Nations Convention Against Torture, ratified by the U.S. in 1994, for any government to transfer detainees to a regime at whose hands they face torture or other serious human rights violations.
However, the 1,365 cases of alleged torture by the Iraqi authorities found by the Bureau, raise questions as to why the U.S. government handed over detainees to these authorities.
Human rights organisations have expressed outrage at the revelations. Professor Novak, the UN Rapporteur on Torture told the Bureau: “If the United States forces handed over detainees to Iraqi jurisdiction, despite the fact that they were at serious risk of being subjected to torture, that is a violation of Article 3C of the Convention Against Torture of which the U.S. is a signatory.”
They said there should be a full and thorough investigation to ascertain whether any of the detainees handed over to the Iraqi authorities by the U.S. have been abused.
“The burden of proof is on the U.S. to prove that they can categorically state that the detainees they are handing over are not at risk of torture.There should be an investigation to look into the fate of those individuals to see whether they have been abused.”
It is likely that the detainees handed over could face torture. Many of the reports in the logs detail complaints of brutality reminiscent of Saddam Hussein's regime. They include accounts of detainees being whipped with cables, chains, wire and pistols and being burnt with acid and cigarettes. Some accounts describe people having electric shocks to their genitals, fingernails ripped out and fingers cut off. In other cases, the documents report men being sodomised with bottles, hoses and raped.
One of the worst cases relates to a man held in an underground bunker and tortured for two months in Diyala Prison, run by the Iraqi Ministry of Justice.
March 25 2006
Their hands were bound/shackled and they were suspended from the ceiling; the use of blunt objects (pipes) to beat them on the back and legs; and the use of electric drills to boreholes in their legs.
Malcolm Smart, director of Amnesty International's Middle East and North Africa Porgramme said: “This adds further weight, if it were needed, that U.S. authorities committed a serious breach of international law when they handed over thousands of detainees to Iraqi security forces who, they clearly knew, were responsible for widespread and systematic torture. It is our view that the current U.S. administration is complicit in torture.
“The U.S. authorities, like all other governments, have an obligation not only to ensure that their own forces do not use torture, but also that people who were detained ans are bieng held by U.S. forces are not handed over to other authorities who are likely to torture them.”
They continued: “The U.S. failed to respect this obligation in Iraq, despite the great volume of evidence available from many different quarters showing that the Iraqi security forces use torture widely and are allowed to do so with impunity.
Graphic: detainee abuse in Iraq
The U.S. military records add to a body of evidence gathered by the international community concerning allegations of torture within Iraqi state facilities.
Evidence of abuse
In 2008 the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) warned, “Ongoing widespread ill-treatment and torture of detainees by Iraqi law enforcement authorities, amidst pervasive impunity of current and past human rights abuses, constitute severe breaches of international human rights obligations.”
Despite this, on January 1 2009, the Iraq-United States Bilateral Security Agreement came into force. This provided for the release and transfer from U.S. jurisdiction of detainees to Iraqi custody. At the time, the UNAMI called on both parties “to implement the agreement in strict compliance with human rights norms and standards”.
U.S. forces continued to gather evidence of alleged detainee abuse throughout this period, logging 112 cases in 2009. The last detainee case reported in the military files is dated December 23. It describes an incident in a video recording that showed 12 Iraqi Army officers executing a detainee. This, even when the handover was occurring.
December 23 2009
The detainee had their hands bound … The footage shows the soldiers moving the detainee into the street, pushing them to the ground, punching him, and shooting him.
Related article: Torture widespread in Iraqi detention facilities
The bulk of the torture allegations are against facilities run by either the Iraqi Ministry of Interior or the Ministry of Defence – establishments such as police stations and army buildings. But there are allegations also against the MOJ recorded in the SIGACTS.
LAS VEGAS — Many travelers don't lock up their luggage before they check it in at the airport, so all too often, items go missing.
Of course, there are ways to fix this problem, typically by carrying around a key or using a conventional combination lock to keep everything secure. But considering how easy it is lost keys and forget passwords, it's surprising that a high-tech upgrade hasn't arrived for luggage sooner.
Startup Digipas launched what it calls the first smart luggage lock, eGeeTouch, on Sunday at the 2015 International CES. With the tap of an NFC-enabled smartphone, tablet or smartwatch, travelers can get into their luggage without fussing over combination codes and dials.
Image: Digipas
EGeeTouch, which is waterproof, and can handle both extreme hot and cold weather, is approved by the U.S. Transport Security Administration. It also includes a TSA-accepted key lock that's built-in, so authorized airport personnel can access the luggage.
What's more, EGeeTouch can be accessed using a pre-paired NFC smart tag or sticker (to put in a wallet) if the user doesn't have an NFC-enabled device.
The lock runs on battery power, but can be recharged via an external USB portable power source when that runs out. While most technology runs on battery power, this is one disadvantage of EGeeTouch — you don't want to be stranded somewhere with no outlet, a dead smartphone battery and no way to open your suitcase.
With that in mind, Digipas provides users with a backup mechanical key that can be used through the TSA keyhole, just in case.
Availability and pricing for the EGeeTouch have not yet been announced.
With Apple apparently gearing up to launch three new iPhones next year, two-thirds of them will include dual-lens camera designs, though users who prefer the 4.7-inch form factor will reportedly be out of luck.
A concept render of an edge-to-edge iPhone display.
Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a note to investors on Tuesday, a copy of which was obtained by AppleInsider, in which they forecast once again that Apple will launch three new iPhone models in 2017: A redesigned OLED version, and two featuring legacy TFT-LCD displays in the 4.7- and 5.5-inch sizes.Like the current iPhone 7 Plus, the 5.5-inch model coming next year is expected to boast a dual-camera design, as is the OLED version. But according to Kuo, the 4.7-inch size will not gain dual lenses.Kuo expects that between 65 and 75 percent of new iPhones shipped by Apple next fall will boast dual-camera displays. They predict that the boost in share will be a boon for Apple supplier Largan, which provides lenses for Apple's dual-camera design.Even before the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were released, Kuo indicated in September that the two-camera system would remain exclusive to the Plus-sized lineup in 2017. But with the iPhone 7 Plus seeing strong sales so far, they expect more users will gravitate toward larger form factors next year, resulting in a higher share.Next year, Apple is widely expected to introduce an all-new design featuring a glass back and OLED display for its flagship iPhone, celebrating the 10th anniversary of the revolutionary handset. However, it's expected that the so-called "iPhone 8" will be sold alongside models with traditional LCD displays, potentially earning them the "iPhone 7s" series moniker.
The blockchain firm Bloq on Tuesday said it has created a rival to bitcoin called Metronome that will go on sale in December.
The announcement is significant because the founders of Bloq are longtime fixtures in the world of bitcoin, and are claiming that Metronome addresses flaws in how the original crypto-currency, which is now worth around $100 billion, is created and distributed.
“Today, bitcoin faces existential threats from forks, developer drama and so on. Knowing what we know and having a clean sheet of paper, we asked what what would we build and the answer is this,” Jeff Garzik, CEO of Bloq and a longtime bitcoin developer, told Fortune by phone.
One of the features that distinguish Metronome from bitcoin is it will be sold in a series of auctions. This is different from many other digital currencies, which rely on miners who use large amounts of computer power to extract “coins” and make them available for public use.
The initial Metronome sale will take place over several days and will entail a reverse auction in which the initial price will be set very high—probably $500 says Garzik—and then drop until it meets market demand.
According to Matthew Roszak, a co-founder of Bloq and a longtime bitcoin investor, the reverse auction process will give a broad number of people a chance to own Metronomes, and will prevent people with deep-pockets taking outsize positions in the currency.
Here are some more details about how the auction process from the Metronome (MTN) announcement:
Upon launch, an initial supply of 10 million MTN tokens will be issued, with 8 million MTN tokens sold in a descending price auction (“DPA”) for Ethereum's ether currency (ETH). Each day thereafter, new MTN tokens will be sold in a DPA at the rate that is the greatest of 2,880 MTN per day, or an annual rate equal to 2.0000% of the then outstanding supply per year, providing a predictable supply over time. 100 percent of the ETH proceeds from the initial and daily auctions will remain within the Metronome smart contract system to provide liquidity to the MTN marketplace. Bloq will retain a 2 million MTN author retention, and will not receive any ETH proceeds from the auctions.
Note that Bloq will keep 2 million units from the original sale, which the company says will go to supporting the new currency. In all of the subsequent daily auctions, Metronome's protocol calls for the proceeds to be disbursed in an automated fashion under the terms of a smart contract.
Remarkably, such smart contracts will also determine the entire future course of Metronome, and will not be subject to human overrides.
According to Garzick, the new currency's code has been “battle tested” by elite auditors and can't be subverted by hackers—which is what befell a project called the DAO that involved venture capitalists putting $60 million into investment fund overseen only by smart contracts.
Bloq is confident this will not occur this time, and that Metronome is set to run and conduct daily automated auctions in perpetuity.
Update: The news of Metronome has been met with harsh response by some on Twitter, who have suggested Garzik is exacerbating bitcoin divisions, and questioned the integrity of their team.
Going cross-blockchain
Another features of Bloq are that it will be “cross-blockchain,” meaning it will ride atop existing digital currency infrastructure—specifically the Ethereum and bitcoin-based networks—and also let owners transfer Metronomes across them.
While this promises flexibility, one potential downside is that Metronomes can be exposed to the same risks as their underlying network. This means that, if the bitcoin or Ethereum network become compromised or vulnerable to attack, the Metronomes could be vulnerable too.
Garzick's response to this is that such problems will be averted because the smart contracts that define Metronome instruct the currency to seek out stability.
“When existential threats hit, it will automatically switch to somewhere safer,” they said.
If this is the case, then the value of Metronome should stay the same across different networks, and its longterm success will not be determined by the individuals fates of bitcoin or Ethereum.
Much of this is likely to be beyond the comprehension of the average crypto-currency investor, who typically wants to buy a little bit of bitcoin and leave it at that.
It should also be noted that Bloq is hardly the first outfit to come up with a new crypto-currency (there are literally hundreds of them), and that some people are warning the whole phenomenon represents a bubble.
But if the Metronome project succeeds—Garzik and Roszak say developers will soon build the interfaces that make it accessible to ordinary consumers—it could create a serious longterm rival to bitcoin.
This is part of Fortune's new initiative, The Ledger, a trusted news source at the intersection of tech and finance. For more on The Ledger, click here.
May 18, 2017, 4:06 PM GMT / Updated May 18, 2017, 4:06 PM GMT By Carmen Cusido
In the nearly half century since the landmark Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia made it possible for couples of different races and ethnicities to marry, such unions have increased fivefold among newlyweds, according to a new report.
In 2015, 17 percent, or one in six newlyweds, had a spouse of a different race or ethnicity compared with only 3 percent in 1967, according to a Pew Research Center report released Thursday.
"More broadly, one-in-10 married people in 2015 — not just those who recently married — had a spouse of a different race or ethnicity. This translates into 11 million people who were intermarried," the report states.
This June 12 marks the 50th anniversary of Loving v. Virginia, the landmark Supreme Court decision which overturned bans on interracial marriage. The story of the case's plaintiffs, Richard and Mildred Loving, was recently told in the 2016 movie "Loving."
Latinos and Asians are the most likely groups to intermarry in the U.S., with 39 percent of U.S.-born Hispanic newlyweds and 46 percent of Asian newlyweds marrying a spouse of a different race or ethnicity. The rates were lower with foreign-born newlyweds included: 29 percent for Asians and 27 percent for Hispanics.
The largest share of intermarried couples — 42 percent — include one Latino and one white spouse, though that number has declined from 1980, when 56 percent of all intermarried couples included one white and one Hispanic person.
The most significant increase in intermarriage is among black newlyweds; the share of blacks marrying outside their race or ethnicity has tripled from 5 percent to 18 percent since 1980.
There are gender differences though, when it comes to intermarriage among certain groups. Male black newlyweds are twice as likely to marry outside their race or ethnicity than black women (24 percent to 12 percent). Among Asian Americans, it's the opposite: more than a third (36 percent) of newly married Asian women had spouses of a different race or ethnicity compared to 21 percent of newly married Asian men. Education also played a role. There has been a dramatic decline in intermarriage among Asian newlyweds 25 and older who have a high school education or less, from 36 percent to 26 percent during the years from 1980 to 2015.
While white newlyweds have seen a surge of intermarriage, with rates rising from 4 to 11 percent, they are the least likely of all major racial or ethnic groups to intermarry.
People who are married to a person of a different race tend to live in metropolitan areas. Honolulu has the highest share of intermarried couples at 42 percent.
'We're a very multicultural family'
Danielle Karczewski, a black Puerto Rican woman, met their Polish-born husband, Adam, when they were interns at a law firm. They've now been together for 12 years, and married for six.
“I don't know if we're just extremely blessed, but we've gotten nothing but tons of support from friends and family,” Danielle Karczewski, 34, of Rockaway, New Jersey, told NBC News.
Adam and Danielle Karczewski pose for a photo in Ortley Beach, N.J. in 2016. Photo credit: Delilah Magao
“We're a very multicultural family,” they said, adding that their mother-in-law is married to an Indian man and their Polish friend has a black Cuban husband. “We have a Polish version of Noche Buena (Christmas Eve) where my mother-law will cook Indian food — we've managed to maintain our individual cultures while celebrating each other's."
Growing up with a black father and white mother did not seem unusual to Emily Moss, 24. In fact, their parents' 12-year age gap was more often a topic of conversation. They bonded with their boyfriend, Ross Bauer, who is of Polish and German descent, over the fact that the two of them had older fathers. But Moss, who lives in New Haven, Connecticut, said being biracial has shaped their politics, particularly on the issue of same-sex marriage.
Claire, Kathleen, Richard and Emily Moss pictured during Christmas 2015. Photo credit: Emily Moss
“Allowing people to marry whomever they love seemed so obvious to me, and I think some of that comes from knowing that my parents' marriage was illegal once too and how that wasn't based in anything but fear and prejudice,” Moss said.
But other couples say their union was startling to those in their circles, at least when they first got together.
Toni Callas met their future husband Peter in the early 1990s when they were both working at The Times of Trenton, in Central New Jersey. It took three years for them to go on a date. When they met each other's families, their parents were surprised by their relationship; Toni is African American and Peter was third-generation Greek American; they died in 2014.
"Neither of us ever brought home anyone outside our race," Callas said. While their families eventually embraced the couple, who married in 2001, it was sometimes a challenge to be seen together when they were out in public.
"People wouldn't say anything to us, but I'd sometimes notice people staring at us. As time went on, I stopped letting it bother me — it wasn't my job to manage their 'isms,' whether that's racism or whatever," Callas said.
According to the Pew study, a growing share of Americans say that marriages of people of different races is a good thing and those who would oppose the unions is dropping.
A change in attitudes?
Brigham Young University sociology professor Ryan Gabriel has studied mixed-race couples; they themselves is of mixed race. Gabriel said it's difficult to predict how these couples and their multiracial children may shape the socio-cultural and political landscape in the future. But they said people who are married to someone of a different race tend to be more progressive in their politics and more empathetic overall.
For example, if a person who is white is married to a person who is of Asian, African-American or Hispanic descent, and their children are mixed, the white person may be inclined to fight for racial justice because their family is now mixed, Gabriel said.
“You might spend the holidays together with nonwhite individuals who are now a part of your family. It gives someone the opportunity to see a person of a different race as a complete human being outside of stereotypes they may have had in the past,” Gabriel said. “It helps people realize that race is a more social construct than an actual reality."
Austin Klemmer poses with Huyen Nguyen after they proposed to them in November 2015 in Hanoi, Vietnam. The couple married in a civil ceremony in 2016. Photo credit: Austin Klemmer
For Denver-based Austin Klemmer, 27, and their Vietnamese-born wife, Huyen Nguyen, 30, it's culture, not race, that has played a major part in their relationship since they met in Hanoi more than four years ago.
“We do our best to stay attuned to each other's cultural standards," said Klemmer. "For example, I always make sure to serve their grandmother first, since you have to respect the level of hierarchy."
Forty-year-old John B. Georges met their future wife Mythily Kamath Georges, 39, online in 2014. They married in 2015 and had a son in 2016. Georges was born and raised in Brooklyn and their family is Haitian. Kamath Georges was born in India and raised in the suburbs of Cleveland, Ohio.
John B.Georges and their wife Mythily Kamath Georges married in 2015. Photo credit: John B. Georges
“I dated a variety of people of different races. … It's not who you are, ethnicity wise. It's not the color of your skin. When you meet someone you have to decide: do they care about me for me or for what I appear to be?” Georges said.
When the Brooklyn-based couple married, they melded both their religious traditions, with a Jesuit priest presiding over the ceremony while Kamath Georges' parents recited Sanskrit verses. They're now ensuring their son grows up embracing both their cultures. Kamath Georges' parents speak to the toddler in Konkani, a language spoken in the South western coast of India, and Kamath Georges encourages their husband to speak Creole to their son as well.
“We want them to understand the cultures that we both come from and the spiritual aspects of our faiths," Kamath Georges said. "We're forging our own way, taking the good and leaving the bad.”
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
What a stunning dessert the Trifle makes with its multiple layers that have so many colors, textures and flavors. The English have enjoyed this dessert for over three centuries now. Although the dictionary defines 'Trifle' as being something insignificant, this dessert is anything but. Its beginnings were humble as the first Trifles simply consisted of a mixture of boiled cream and a few other ingredients. It wasn't until the mid 18th century that the Trifle started to evolve into what we have today. This is an example of a Trifle recipe from 1852 by Frederick Bishop from "The Wife's Own Book of Cookery" (quoted from Elizabeth David's 'An Omelette and a Glass of Wine')
'Cover the bottom of the dish with Naples biscuits, and macaroons broken in halves, wet with brandy and white wine poured over them, cover them with patches of raspberry jam, fill the dish with a good custard, then whip up a syllabub, drain the froth on a sieve, put it on the custard and strew comfits over all.'
(Naples biscuits was the name given to sponge fingers at the time.) (Syllabub being a milk or cream that is whipped with sugar, spirits, spices and sometimes egg whites.) (Comfits are sugar-coated coriander or caraway seeds.)
Trifles are traditionally made in a large deep bowl so you can see all the layers. Many Trifle recipes exist and there are very definite opinions as to what should and should not be used in a Trifle. There does seem to be a consensus that a layer of cake should be on the bottom of a Trifle, followed by spirits, fruit or jam, custard, whipped cream, and decorations. The disagreements begin when you discuss what type of cake, spirits (wine, sherry, or liqueur), fruit (jam), custard, cream, and what decorations should be used. If you do not have a favorite Trifle recipe than you have lots of choices as to how you want your Trifle to look and taste.
To begin with, various types of cake can be used for the bottom layer. Most commonly a sponge cake, pound cake, ladyfingers, or macaroons are used. Sometimes the cake is split in half and a layer of jam, preserves, or puree is used to sandwich the two pieces of cake together. Once the cake layer is placed on the bottom of the bowl, alcohol is poured or brushed over the cake. Feel free to use whatever spirits you like but it is best if the spirit used complements the other flavors in the Trifle. Sherry, white wine, rum, liqueurs (Grand Marnier, Amaretto, Framboise, Frangelico, Kirsch) are some favorites. The amount of alcohol is dependent on how much liquid the cake will absorb and how strong an alcohol taste you want. (Cakes that are a few days old will absorb more alcohol than a freshly made cake.) Oftentimes I leave the alcohol out (the purist would balk at this) as my children do not like the taste (no matter how little I use). Next comes the fruit layer. Here again you have choices. You can use cut up fruit (like berries, peaches, pears, kiwi, etc.), a puree (raspberry, strawberry, blackberry), jam or preserves, or a combination of these. If you are using fresh fruit it is nice to have a layer of like-flavored jam or puree to intensify the fruit flavor.
Next comes the custard layer. The classic English Trifle usually contains custard followed by a layer of whipped cream. However, an alternative is to use a pastry cream instead of the custard. Other recipes replace the custard altogether with a cream filling that can include things like lemon curd, mascarpone cheese, eggs, whipping cream, spirits, lemon juice, or chocolate. Depending on what ingredients are used for the cream filling layer, you may not want or need to top this with a layer of whipped cream.
The size of your Trifle bowl and the thickness of the layers will determine whether you need a second layer of cake, spirits, fruit, custard, and cream to fill the bowl. Don't worry if the layers mix together as this is the way Trifles are supposed to look (i.e. the lines between the layers can be uneven and even mix together). The finishing touch is to decorate the Trifle with toppings such as; fruit, crushed Amaretti cookies, toasted nuts, candied fruits, shaved chocolate, to name a few. (Note: Crushed Amaretti cookies are sometimes used as a layer in the trifle, as well as for decorating the top.)
The assembled Trifle is covered and placed in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours to allow the flavors to mingle. This dessert is usually served at large gatherings as the typical Trifle serves upwards of ten people.
The recipes I have included here are for individual Trifles. This is obviously breaking from traditional but I wanted a recipe that could be made at any time, not just for large gatherings. Don't be afraid to make up your own Trifle recipe, using whatever cake, fruit, jam, and cream you have around. A simple Trifle may be made from a layer of sponge cake, followed by a layer of raspberry preserves, maybe some fresh raspberries, that is topped off with heavy whipping cream (maybe whipped with a little mascarpone cheese). Don't be afraid to use your imagination and improvise. Use individual glasses or, for larger groups, a pretty glass bowl, as you want to see all those beautiful layers.
TIP: If pressed for time use a store baked cake (sponge, pound, or ladyfingers) or cookies.
Sources:
Berry, Mary. Desserts and Confections. London: A Dorling Kindersley Book, 1991.
David, Elizabeth. An Omelette and a Glass of Wine. New York: Elisabeth Sifton Books Viking, Viking Penguin Inc. First American Edition 1985.
Davidson, Alan. The Oxford Companion to Food. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1999.
Davidson, Alan and Saberi, Helen. The Wilder Shores of Gastronomy. Berkeley: Ten Speed Press, 2002.
Deseine, Trish. Trifles. Hachette Illustrated UK. London, 2004.
Friberg, Bo. The Professional Pastry Chef (Third Edition). New York: Van Nostrand Reinhold, 1996.
Lawson, Nigella. How to be a Domestic Goddess. New York: Hyperion, 2001.
A new ordinance went into effect in Washington, D.C. on July 17 that allows physicians and pharmacies to provide terminally ill patients with drugs that will kill them. But Republicans in the U.S. Congress are hoping to derail or stall implementation of the deadly new statute.
Called the Death with Dignity Act, the measure was signed by Washington, D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser last December, but lacked legal force until now. “The Death with Dignity Act of 2016 establishes a process by which competent, terminally ill residents of Washington, DC can legally obtain a physician's prescription for medications to end their lives in a humane and peaceful manner,” Bowser's office said in a statement.
The city's Department of Health (DOH) is set to oversee the new statute, including “providing educational resources on how the Death with Dignity process works and clarifying the requirements that must be followed by both physicians and patients,” read the statement.
The ordinance stipulates that “end of life” drugs can be requested by a terminally-ill patient who is a resident of Washington, D.C., is at least 18 years of age, is under the care of a physician, and is expected to live for no more than six months. The individual must be mentally capable of making the decision to end their lives, the law emphasizes, express their intent to take the drugs, and be physically capable of killing themselves in that manner.
However, reported the Washington Times, a week before the law was to be implemented, the House Appropriations Committee of the U.S. Congress approved an amendment aimed at defunding and repealing the measure. The amendment was introduced by U.S. Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.), a trained anesthesiologist, who said that “encouraging patients to commit suicide deprives them of the opportunity to potentially be cured by new treatments that could ameliorate their condition and even add years to their lives, if not cure them completely.”
While D.C. officials have challenged the authority of Congress to step into city government, Harris pointed out that the U.S. Constitution “clearly gives Congress the authority to oversee the federal enclave of the District of Columbia.”
They added that “Congress has the authority — and the responsibility — to oversee the operations of Washington D.C., and the Death with Dignity Act was a well-intentioned but misguided policy that must be reversed.”
The move by Harris is not the first congressional effort to derail the DC Death with Dignity Act. In January, after Bowser signed the law, U.S. Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.) and U.S. Rep Brad Wenstrup (R-Ohio) introduced resolutions aiming to stop the law, but neither was introduced before the 30-day deadline for congressional approval.
Eleanor Holmes Norton, Washington, D.C.'s non-voting delegate in Congress, criticized the latest effort, calling Harris a “serial abuser of congressional power over the District. After we defeated attempts to nullify the Death with Dignity Act through disapproval resolutions in the House and Senate, Harris chose to hide in the appropriations process and legislate through a spending bill.”
Similarly, Kim Callinan of the organization Compassion and Choices, a leader in pushing physician-assisted suicide across the United States, called the congressional effort an abuse of power. “Rep. Harris is now misusing the appropriations process to do what opponents of medical aid in dying could not openly do before,” Callinan said in a statement. “This end run is shameful, it's wrong, and now DC residents who are dying are being deprived of the peace of mind that this law brings.”
But J.J. Hanson of the Patients Rights Action Fund, who was given months to live in 2014 after being diagnosed with terminal brain cancer, applauded the attempts by Congress to derail the measure. “We welcome any efforts at the congressional level or otherwise to halt assisted-suicide policy, which will only put vulnerable D.C. residents — the terminally ill, people with disabilities and the poor — at risk,” Hanson said.
The House Appropriations Committee approved the amendment by Harris on a 28-24 party-line vote. The budget bill must now be approved by the full House and Senate, and then signed by President Trump, for the repeal of the D.C. measure to take effect.
Lisbon, Portugal (CNN) — Is taking a selfie really such a crime?
Can the statue of King D. Sebastiao be put back together again? Maybe. Courtesy Infraestruturas de Portugal
It may well be if in the process of capturing your magic moment you also manage to destroy a treasured artifact.
Authorities in Lisbon have told CNN they plan to press criminal charges against a 24-year-old Portuguese man who, while climbing onto a 126-year-old statue of King D. Sebastiao, knocked the statue to the ground, breaking it into about a dozen pieces.
According to local police, the man's weight brought the statue tumbling when they tried to climb it with a camera in hand.
The incident took place on May 3 in downtown Lisbon's Rossio Station.
Police apprehended the man, who reportedly attempted to flee the scene, but have not released theirs name.
Infraestruturas de Portugal (the public agency that oversees matters pertaining to Portuguese heritage and culture), says it plans to pursue charges "against the authors of this unfortunate act of destruction of national historical heritage."
Evaluation of statue ongoing
The statue of King D. Sebastiao, was seriously damaged when it was accidentally knocked over by a tourist taking a selfie. Courtesy Infraestruturas de Portugal
Infraestruturas de Portugal says it will consider restoring the broken statue or perhaps constructing a new one to take the old statue's place.
"We are (also) looking into the possibility of using a replica found at the palace of the Counts of Penamacor," the agency tells CNN.
Opened in 1890, Rossio Station is one of the most iconic and historically significant train stations in Europe.
An ornate structure combining several architectural styles, it's frequently mentioned in Portuguese literature. Travel + Leisure once named it one of the 14 most beautiful stations in the world.
A legendary figure in Portuguese history, King D. Sebastiao, who reigned from 1557 to 1578, disappeared in battle at age 24.
Soon after, Portugal lost its independence to Spain.
We've known for a while that Xbox One owners can stream games from their console to their PC once they upgrade to Windows 10. But could they ever reverse the stream, letting players enjoy PC games on their Xbox One console? Microsoft's Xbox division head Phil Spencer certainly thinks so.
“Those are absolutely in scope of things that we want to do,” they revealed to the Verge on Wednesday.
But the feature will take some coding before gamers can get their hands on it. Spencer cautioned that it could be a “little more challenging” than getting Xbox One games to stream to the PC. “But challenge is good,” they added. In other words, they're working on it.
Read more: 10 Reasons Gamers Should Upgrade to Windows 10
[The Verge]
These Vintage Computer Ads Show We've Come a Long, Long Way 1 of 14 Advertisement
Contact us at editors@time.com.
By JoCo • January 26, 2013
This went up in the iTunes store a lot faster than I expected (nice work there Tunecore), and some of you have already found it:
iTunes: Baby Got Back (In the Style of Glee)
GooglePlay: Baby Got Back (In the Style of Glee)
AmazonMP3: Baby Got Back (In the Style of Glee)
I've released this track as a single – it should be on iTunes, Amazon, and Google Play eventually if it's not already. It's a cover of Glee's cover of my cover of Sir Mix-a-Lot's song, which is to say it's EXACTLY THE SAME as my original version. I'm releasing this under the same Harry Fox license I used for the 2005 release, so Mix will get all the royalties due to him. I'll donate the proceeds from all sales that happen between now and the end of February to two charities: The VH1 Save the Music Foundation, and It Gets Better Project. (fine print: iTunes will get their cut first of course, then I'll deduct enough to cover my licensing fees, and split the rest between the two. iTunes sometimes takes a long time to report sales, sometimes even a couple of months, so I won't be able to do the math and make the donation until I have the numbers. But I'll let you know when I've gotten the amount and made the donation.)
I've been reading your tweets and posts and I'm truly grateful for your support – honestly, this has been a very stressful time, and it means so much to see how many of you are behind me. I've been trying to figure out a positive way to channel all this energy. I haven't asked you guys to take any specific action throughout this thing, but now I am asking: buy the track, give it some stars, leave a comment (please be civil), and tell everyone you can. Call it a form of protest, awareness raising, viral PR hackitude, whatever you like. I don't know how big this will get, but there's a potential to make a lot of noise this way – imagine if this thing charts! And failing that, we will create some real world impact by raising a lot of money for two great causes that are directly related to the Glee brand. There's your win-win.
Maybe this is something that the Glee people would like to give some EXPOSURE. Though, in order to do that they'd have to make some kind of public acknowledgement that I exist. We'll see! Maybe they'll even want to match the gesture, and donate all their February proceeds for their version too!
I will have a lot more to say about this situation soon, most likely Monday. Stay tuned…
MEXICO CITY/BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese automaker Great Wall Motor Co Ltd (601633.SS)(2333.HK) is considering building an auto plant in two Mexican states hit by U.S. President Donald Trump's drive to make American companies invest at home, sources said.
FILE PHOTO: Mechanics work on an assembly line in the car factory of Great Wall Motor Co near the town of Lovech, some 150 km (93 miles) north-east of Sofia February 21, 2012. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
Great Wall Motor, which describes itself as China's largest SUV and pickup manufacturer, is interested in building a plant in Nuevo Leon in northern Mexico or the central state of San Luis Potosi, three people familiar with the matter said.
Under pressure from Trump to keep jobs in the United States, Ford Motor Co (F.N) in January canceled a $1.6 billion plant in San Luis Potosi, while heating and air conditioning firm Carrier in December scaled back plans to move production to Nuevo Leon.
Great Wall Motor officials met with Mexico's top railroad firms, Ferrocarril Mexicano (Ferromex), part of Grupo Mexico (GMEXICOB.MX), as well as Kansas City Southern de Mexico [KCSM.UL](KSU.N), to evaluate the states' connectivity, according to a source and two documents seen by Reuters.
One of the sources said the company was in direct talks with Nuevo Leon's government.
Another source said the automaker was also eyeing a U.S.-based plant but gave no further detail on locations.
A senior Great Wall Motor executive, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the choice between U.S. and Mexican locations would depend on trade issues involving the United States, Mexico and China.
Great Wall Motor and Ferromex did not immediately respond to requests for comment. A spokesperson for Kansas City Southern de Mexico confirmed Great Wall Motor officials met the company, but declined to provide further details.
A pledge by the Chinese firm could bolster Mexico's efforts to reduce dependence on U.S. trade and investment as Trump threatens to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and rails against U.S. firms moving jobs south.
China, a low-cost manufacturing rival to Mexico, has traditionally invested little in Latin America's second largest economy. But there are signs that could be changing.
In February, China's Anhui Jianghuai Automobile (JAC Motor) and distributor Chori Company unveiled plans with a firm part-owned by Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim to invest over $200 million in a car plant in the central state of Hidalgo.
According to one of the sources, construction on the Great Wall Motor plant could get underway next year and cost about $500 million. It would produce some 250,000 autos a year for the American and Mexican markets and seek to use Chinese inputs, the person added.
CLOSE The Taliban and ISIS say Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was the target of a rocket attack that occurred shortly after they arrived in Afghanistan. Buzz60
In this Tuesday, May 5, 2015 photo, an aircraft takes off at the Hamid Karzai International Airport in Kabul, Afghanistan. (Photo11: Rahmat Gul, AP)
The Taliban and the Islamic State both claimed responsibility for a furious rocket attack on Kabul's airport Wednesday as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg visited the Afghan capital.
Taliban spokesperson Zabihullah Mujahid said on Twitter that Mattis' plane was the target of the attack.
Missiles hit in and around the Hamid Karzai International Airport hours after Mattis arrived for talks with Stoltenberg and Afghan officials and to meet U.S. forces. Afghan Interior Ministry spokesperson Najib Danish said at least one civilian was killed and several wounded, many when one of the rockets hit a nearby house.
Security forces killed two of the attackers and suicide vests felled two others, Danish told TOLOnews. Authorities seized a rocket-propelled grenade, bombs, suicide vests and other explosives from a building where the attackers holed up, they said.
The attack damaged dozens of homes in the area, local media reported.
"An attack on an international airport anywhere in the world is a criminal act by terrorists," Mattis said later at a joint press conference with Stoltenberg and Afghan President Ashraf Ghani. "It's designed to go after generally innocent people to make some sort of statement. And it's a classic example of what the Taliban is up to right now."
More: Afghanistan endorses Trump's revised strategy; Taliban warns of 'graveyard'
More: Cautioning against 'hasty' pullout, Trump clears path for more U.S. troops
The Islamic State's Amaq News Agency released a brief video clip of a fighter "using an SPG9 rocket to target the location," said SITE Intelligence Group, a U.S.-based organization that monitors extremist activity online.
Kabul airport chief Yaqub Rassouli said the attack began when two missiles were fired on the airport shortly before noon local time. The incident destroyed a helicopter and damaged three others plus some air force hangers.
The U.S. Embassy in Kabul said the airport was closed and urged U.S. citizens to avoid the area. Mattis said such attacks only strengthen U.S. and global resolve.
"We will not abandon Afghanistan to a ruthless enemy trying to kill its way to power," Mattis said.
CLOSE Trump says Afghanistan soldiers will do the fighting. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Stoltenberg pledged NATO support in the fight against the Taliban and other terror groups.
“If NATO leaves, we risk Afghanistan returning to a state of chaos, a safe haven for international terrorism,” Stoltenberg said. “The last time that happened, it led to the 9/11 terrorist attacks in which almost 3,000 people were murdered — we cannot allow that to happen again."
Last month, President Trump announced a new strategy for Afghanistan, committing to "fight to win" in the nearly 16-year-long conflict and clearing the path for thousands more U.S. troops.
Trump said they would lift restrictions on commanders in the field imposed by the Obama administration and increase pressure on Pakistan to stop providing a safe haven to militant groups along its border.
Mattis said Tuesday the 300,000-strong Afghanistan forces would continue to lead the fight.
"The sooner the Taliban learn they cannot win with bombs, the sooner the killing will end," Mattis said.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2xBU9Yg
The former Royal Marine, who became notorious for their naked hike from Land's End to John O'Groats in 2003, has spent much of the past seven years in prison for repeatedly appearing nude in public.
They were yesterday found guilty of breaching the peace when they walked naked from Perth prison in December after finishing a 12 month sentence for the same offence. Mr Gough was warned they will continue to be jailed every time they step out of prison without any clothes on.
The 50-year-old, who conducted their own defence while appearing in court completely naked, turned down an offer to walk free yesterday on the condition that they got dressed.
Perth Sheriff Lindsay Foulis told Gough they would consider granting them bail to go home to their "warmer" house in Eastleigh, Hampshire, if they agreed to put some clothes on. The former lorry driver refused the offer and was remanded in custody.
Ordering psychological and psychiatric reports, the Sheriff said: "When the day comes for you to be released, you will be apprehended and the same process gone through again.”
Mr Gough said they accepted they could "potentially" remain in jail forever and added: "This is about individual freedom."
The father of two has spent most of the past seven years in Scottish jails after stripping off on a flight to Edinburgh. Since then they have declined to wear prison uniform or to appear clothed in court, resulting in further custodial sentences for contempt.
Mr Gough completed their first naked ramble across Britain in 2003. They were arrested 15 times during the journey and spent 140 nights in jail, mainly in Scotland where the authorities take a stricter approach to public nudity than in England and Wales. They finished their second hike with their then girlfriend Melanie Roberts three years later.
It was while returning to Edinburgh to appeal against contempt of court convictions in Scotland that they undressed on board an early morning flight from Bournemouth airport.
Expenses and salary earnings for paid WikiLeaks staff will be revealed for the first time in a report expected to be published by the end of this year, according to Kristinn Hrafnsson, a spokesperson for the secret-spilling organization.
Hrafnsson, speaking Wednesday in London on a panel discussion at the Frontline Club, said that the Wau Holland Foundation – the Berlin-based non-profit that handles most of the money donated to WikiLeaks – will finally be detailing how WikiLeaks has spent funds from the more than $1 million it has raised in the last year. The report has been expected since August.
"At year end [Wau Holland] will give a breakdown of how they have reimbursed our costs and the staff salaries of people who are getting paid," Hrafnsson said. It's the first indication that some WikiLeaks staffers have been receiving salary payments for their work.
The report, if complete, should also detail what money WikiLeaks has paid out to date for the defense fund of Army Pfc. Bradley Manning, who confessed in online chats to a former hacker that they downloaded classified documents from Army networks – including 260,000 U.S. State Department cables – and passed them to WikiLeaks. Manning is currently being held at the U.S. Marine Corps brig at Quantico, Virginia.
WikiLeaks has actively sought donations for Manning's defense. According to an e-mail to Threat Level from Wau Holland Vice President Hendrik Fulda in September, WikiLeaks authorized them to release funds from its account for Manning's defense sometime that month. The money was expected to go to Courage to Resist, a California-based group that supports veterans. Fulda said at the time that the amount was still to be determined. Courage to Resist director Jeff Paterson said Manning's legal defense was expected to cost about $100,000 and WikiLeaks was expected to cover "about half" of this.
More WikiLeaks Cablegate Coverage
[RSSImport display="5" feedurl="http://stag-komodo.wired.com/dangerroom/tag/wikileaks/feed/" before_desc="
" displaydescriptions="FALSE" after_desc=" " html="TRUE" truncatedescchar="50" truncatedescstring=" ... " truncatetitlechar=" " truncatetitlestring=" ... " before_date=" " date="TRUE" after_date="" date_format="F j, g:i A" before_creator=" " creator="false" after_creator="" start_items=" " end_items=" " start_item="
" end_item=" " target="" rel="" charsetscan="TRUE" debug="FALSE" before_noitems="
" noitems="No items, feed is empty." after_noitems="
" before_error="
" error="Error: Feed has a error or is not valid" after_error="
" paging="FALSE" prev_paging_link="« Previous" next_paging_link="Next »" prev_paging_title="more items" next_paging_title="more items" use_simplepie="FALSE" ]
[RSSImport display="5" feedurl="http://stag-komodo.wired.com/threatlevel/tag/wikileaks/feed/" before_desc="
" displaydescriptions="FALSE" after_desc=" " html="TRUE" truncatedescchar="50" truncatedescstring=" ... " truncatetitlechar=" " truncatetitlestring=" ... " before_date=" " date="TRUE" after_date="" date_format="F j, g:i A" before_creator=" " creator="false" after_creator="" start_items="
" end_items=" " start_item="
" end_item=" " target="" rel="" charsetscan="TRUE" debug="FALSE" before_noitems="
" noitems="No items, feed is empty." after_noitems="
" before_error="
" error="Error: Feed has a error or is not valid" after_error="
" paging="FALSE" prev_paging_link="« Previous" next_paging_link="Next »" prev_paging_title="more items" next_paging_title="more items" use_simplepie="FALSE" ]
WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange has recently declined to publicly comment on any payment for Manning's defense, despite soliciting donations for the cause. Assange said at a press conference in Geneva in November that their group had been advised not to talk about it anymore.
WikiLeaks has raised at least $1 million in general donations, according to statements Assange made after April when their site published a classified Army video taken in Iraq. This was before their organization released three massive caches of documents. The first cache published in July included almost 77,000 documents pertaining to the war in Afghanistan. The second cache published in October consisted of 400,000 documents from the Iraq war. The most recent cache – of more than 250,000 U.S. State Department cables – were released to several media outlets and are being published in daily installments of about 80 documents by WikiLeaks. Manning is believed to be the source for the video and the documents.
"The best period of donation was prior to the big releases, when WikiLeaks had to close down for lack of funds," Hrafnsson said at Wednesday's panel. "It has gone in curves, and it has been interrupted also because our credit card processor decided to terminate the relationship with WikiLeaks."
Fulda told Threat Level in July that WikiLeaks had received 640,000 euros (U.S. $800,000) in donations through PayPal or bank money transfers since late December. Most of the money poured in after WikiLeaks went offline last December after running out of money, and pleaded for donations.
As of July, WikiLeaks had spent only 30,000 euros (U.S. $38,000) from that funding, most of it going to pay the travel expenses of Assange and its then-spokesperson Daniel Domscheit-Berg, as well as to cover the costs of computer hardware, such as servers, and leasing data lines. WikiLeaks has claimed in the past to have $200,000 in operating costs.
In September, Fulda told Threat Level that WikiLeaks was not currently paying a salary to Assange or other volunteers from this funding, though there had been discussions about doing so in the future.
“If you are drawing from volunteers who are basically doing stuff for free and if you start paying money, the question is to whom, and to whom not, do you pay, and how much?” Fulda said at the time. “It's almost a moral question: How much money do you pay?”
The foundation manages donations sent to WikiLeaks from people around the world through PayPal and wire transfers directed to a bank account controlled by the foundation. It did not handle donations submitted through Moneybookers, a PayPal-like service, that WikiLeaks had listed on its website as a method for donating until Moneybookers suspended the WikiLeaks account in October. Moneybookers said it halted the account after learning that WikiLeakshad been put on a U.S. government watchlist, though there's been no other indication that the group was actually placed on such a list, and the U.S. has denied it.
WikiLeaks may have other sources of funding aside from money handled by Wau Holland — perhaps from private donors and other foundations — but Fulda had no knowledge of them.
WikiLeaks approached the foundation last year to manage its donations because of its reputation in supporting the concept of freedom of information. Although the foundation is run by unpaid volunteers, Fulda said its advantage is that it has a more formal structure to manage funds than does WikiLeaks.
Wau Holland began handling donations for the site beginning last October. The foundation adheres to Germany's rules for accountability.
“We have certain responsibilities for this money, and we are taking this seriously,” Fulda said.
Fulda said the foundation had received only about 5,000 euro (U.S. $6,000) in donations on behalf of WikiLeaks before the organization's site went down last December. Donations began pouring in once people saw in January that the site needed help, Fulda said. WikiLeaks' plea for donations indicated the site needed to raise at least $200,000 to cover a year's worth of operating expenses, increased to at least $600,000 if its volunteers were to be paid.
“Just asking for money [before this] didn't really work,” Fulda said at the time. “There was nothing coming in. But when the website had to go down because of lack of funds, then money was coming in.”
The site's pledge break lasted for five months, during which its archive of leaks was largely unavailable. But in April WikiLeaks enjoyed a surge in fundraising when it released its first giant newsmaking leak: the "Collateral Murder" video of a 2007 helicopter attack in Baghdad. WikiLeaks claimed it raised more than $150,000 in just two days after the release of the video.
Hrafnsson didn't say how much in contributions the organization has received since the diplomatic cable release this week. But WikiLeaks is demonstrably amping up its fundraising as U.S. pressure on the group mounts.
On Wednesday, Amazon, which was providing cloud hosting for WikiLeaks,cut off the site in apparent response to pressure from Senator Joseph Lieberman (I-CT). WikiLeaks quickly recovered with new hosting, and sent out a message on its Twitter feed – "KEEP WIKILEAKS STRONG" – with a link to its donation page.
The WikiLeaks web site now also includes a separate donation channel for contributions to a legal defense fund for founder Julian Assange, who is facing a sex crime investigation in Sweden.
Photo: Kristinn Hrafnsson of Wikileaks (AP/Lennart Preiss)
See also:
the Interception of Communications Commissioner's Office (IOCCO) has revealed. The number of orders imposed on telephone and internet companies underhas been published for the first time by the surveillance watchdog.The directions were acquired by theThe watchdog sayswhich severely limits what it is able to say about the directions and the actions taken as a result of them. They are related to traffic data and do not include the content of calls or emails.Their operation will be recognized under thewhich is currently under review in the House of Lords.Commissioner Sir Stanley Burnton says theand the review of Section 94 had been very challenging. "Our report highlights clearly the difficulties whenhe said in a statement. "We make extensive recommendations that the intelligence and law enforcement agenciesto clarify and bring consistency to their procedures, to remedy the lack of record-keeping requirements and to ensure that we can oversee properly how Section 94 directions are given and used."The report recommends there be a clear and mandatory process for the application, authorization, review, modification and cancellation of any directions. It says a lack of codified procedures made it challenging to piece together what Section 94 notes had been given, by whom and when, which ones had been modified and whether they were still extant. Some service providers subject to bulk collection orders were worried about publicity and, the report says.from communications data acquired in ... pursuant to Section 94 directions, which directly contributed to an intelligence report." In the same year,under the section.Millie Graham Wood, a legal officer at campaign group Privacy International, told the Guardian the report was aShe says it is "shocking and unacceptable""The agencies have used this vague power to demand our internet and telephone network providers hand over huge swaths of our personal data. The intelligence agencies tell us that they need this data to conduct large searches, however. We need a robust oversight and a transparent authorisation process for access to data."
Jesus said: “Unless you do penance you will all perish,” (Lk. 13:3). The first preaching of Their Public ministry Jesus exhorts us to conversion: “Be converted for the Kingdom of God is at hand,”(Mk. 1:15). The Church which is the Mystical Body of Christ generously offers us a season of grace which has as its purpose conversion every year. This is the forty days of Lent.
The Israelites spent forty days in the desert; Moses fasted forty days on the Mountain; Jesus spent forty days in the desert fasting. The Church encourages us in the Season of Lent to dig deep into the inner recesses of our hearts and beg for conversion of heart.
This conversion can become a reality by undertaking three traditional practices: prayer, almsgiving, and fasting. (Mt. 6: 1-18) In prayer we lift our minds to God; in almsgiving we go out to meet the needs of our suffering brothers and sisters; in fasting we dig deep into our hearts and beg the Lord for the grace to relinquish our attachment to sin!
This being the case, what might be some concrete ways that we can practice fasting? An important note is the following: fasting is not a mere diet, with the simple desire to lose a few extra pounds. Rather, the purpose of fasting is to please God, convert our hearts as well as to beg for the conversion of others. In other words, fasting must have a horizontal or supernatural intention!
Ten Specific Ways We Can Fast
1. Eat less and receive the most Holy Eucharist more. By this practice we give more importance to our spiritual life and the salvation of our soul. Jesus said: “Do not work for food that perishes, but for food that endures for eternal life, which the Son of man will give you. For on them the Father, God, has set their seal.”(Jn. 6:27—Discourse on the Bread of Life)
2. Control your tongue. Saint James says, “We should be slow to speak and quick to listen.” Read James chapter three—one of the best exhortations in the world to work on controlling our tongue!
3. Heroic Moments. The Founder of Opus Dei has coined the phrase, “The Heroic moment”. By this Saint Jose Maria asserts that as soon as we hear the alarm-clock we should spring from bed, pray and start our day. The devil of laziness encourages us to push the Snooze-button! I do not believe the Snooze-button exists in the vocabulary and practice of the saints. What do you think?
4. Control those wandering eyes. The eyes are the mirror to the soul. The holy King David plunged into sin and more sin leading to murder for the simple reason that they allowed their eyes to wander. Their eyes wandered and gazed upon a married woman—Bathsheba. Adulterous thoughts led to physical adultery, to denial of their sin and eventually to killing an innocent man—the husband of Bathsheba.(II Samuel 11-12) Let us strive to live out the Beatitude:“Blessed are the pure of heart, they will see God.”(Mt. 5: 8)
5. Punctuality. Jesus says, “He who is faithful in the small will be faithful in the larger things.”(Mt. 25:23) Being punctual and on time is a sign of order, respect for others, and a means to accomplish tasks well and on time.
6. Listen to Others. It is all too easy to interrupt others when they speak and try to impose our own ideas even before the person has finished their idea. Charity, which means, love for God and for others, teaches us to respect others and allow them to speak without interrupting and imposing our own ideas. Listening to others is also an act of humility—putting others before ourselves! “Jesus meek and humble of heart make my heart like unto yours.” (Mt. 11:28-30—Jesus describes Their Heart as meek and humble…)
7. Be Thankful Rather Than Complain. Never allow a day to pass in which you do not thank God. We should constantly be thanking God. Furthermore, we should make it a habit to frequently thank others. “Give thanks to the Lord for  They are good; Their mercy endures forever,” (Psalm 118:1).
8. Smile, even if you don't necessarily want to. This indeed could be a great penance—to smile at somebody even when you are tired, carrying with you a headache or a cold. This is heroic virtue. A smile is something small, but it is contagious. Indeed a sincere smile can lift those who see it from desolation to a state of consolation. One of the most evident signs of being a follower of Jesus is the smile of joy radiating from the face. “Rejoice in the Lord; I say it again: rejoice in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4)
9. Pray, even when you do not feel like it. Many of us unfortunately base our spiritual life on mere feelings which are ephemeral, transitory and passing like the dew that evaporates by the morning sun. Our best example is of course Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane (Lk. 22:39-46). When Jesus was experiencing a mortal agony and desolation that drew huge drops of Blood from Their pores, They did not really feel like praying. Nonetheless, Jesus prayed all the more fervently. Therefore, let us practice fasting and penance in our lives and have a set time and place to pray and to pray at times even when we do not feel like it. This is penance and true love for God! This is a sign of true maturity in the faith!
10. Encouragement. “Barnabus” actually means “Son of encouragement”(Acts 4:36). Let us get out of our egotistic shell and focus more on God and seeing Jesus in others—in imitation of the Good Samaritan. (Lk. 10). Let us learn to be a Simon of Cyrene and help our brothers and sisters who are carrying the weight of a very heavy cross. Let us lighten it by encouraging words, motivational gestures and by a heart filled with love and compassion. Remember the Golden Rule: “Do to others what you would like them to do to you.”(Mt. 7:12) In the difficult storms of the earthly battle, a word of encouragement can indeed be a powerful wind in the sails!
Prayerfully read through these ten suggestions on how to fast—how to deny yourself—and choose at least one or two that you can start to practice right away. May Our Lady, Mother of Good Counsel, encourage us to deny ourselves and say “yes” to the love of God by serving our brothers and sisters with a generous heart! (Lk. 1: 38—Mary's “Yes” to God).
With a jihadist suicide blast taking place mere metres away from India's border, forces are already on high alert, but what is even more worrying is that the attack has been followed up by a direct threat to PM Narendra Modi.
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA) spokesperson ‘Ehsanullah Ehsan' tweeted, “You are the killer of hundreds of Muslim... We w(il)l take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gujarat,” in reply to a tweet by PM Modi condemning what they called the 'dastardly attack' that killed 60 people and injured over 200.
And India is not taking the threat lightly.
According to this report in the Indian Express, "Modi has been briefed at least twice in the last fortnight on the growing threat from complex webs of transnational jihadist groups operating from Pakistan's war-torn north-west and their new Indian affiliates, who give them the assets needed to execute their threats."
As mentioned by Firstpost columnist Rajeev Sharma, One such "gnawing worry for India is whether the recently launched India-specific al-Qaeda in Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) is in some way behind the Wagah attack."
The AQIS has not claimed responsibility for the attack, which has instead been claimed by three factions of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan. In fact it was Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar who also issued the threat to PM Modi.
"AQIS, like a large number of other jihadist outfits, has a thriving base in Pakistan but is not known to have a network in India yet. Probably, the outfit plans to use its Pakistan base to hit at Indian interests", explains Sharma.
And this is certainly not the first time that the life of the Prime Minister has been threatened.
According to this report in the Times of India in August, intelligence agencies had warned that their first Independence Day speech was under serious threat as "the PM could be attacked while on the move" by militant forces backed by Pakistan.
The report went on to quote senior intelligence officers as saying that "Narendra Modi is at greater risk than any other prime minister in the past 20 years."
Regardless of this, Modi did not use the bulletproof shield that many of their predecessors, including Manmohan Singh used.
The perception of Modi as a hardline Hindutva advocate who is also 'anti-Muslim' has meant that they are an easy target of hatred for Islamist terror groups who claim to protect the interests of Muslims everywhere.
The Indian Prime Minister has also taken a very tough line on terror.
""There is no good terrorism or bad terrorism. Terrorism has no boundary or country," Modi said in September, during their visit to the US.
"There is a need to take the challenge of terrorism seriously. It's sad that many countries could not earlier understand the ugly face of terrorism which is enemy of humanity," they said.
Meanwhile according to Rajeev Sharma, the Indian intelligence and security set-up is keeping its fingers crossed over the next possible moves of terror outfits. Their worst fear is that jihadists may be weaving an intricate terror web to come up with a big bang operation.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
MSNBC's Chris Hayes really doesn't want you to think that Monday's tragedies in Europe — both the truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin, Germany and the assassination of Andrei Karlov, Russian Ambassador to Turkey — have anything to do with terrorism or even Islam.
Hayes opened their Monday broadcast by first recounting the harrowing events in Germany that left 12 dead and nearly 100 injured before noting that authorities “have yet to determine if it was a deliberate attack and much less if it was terrorism.”
WATCH:
Hayes admitted that “ISIS and Al Qaeda have called for truck attacks and ISIS claimed responsibility for one such attack in Nice, France,” before criticizing Trump for calling a spade a spade.
They read off Trump's response to the deadly attack — “our hearts and prayers are with the loved ones of the victims of today's horrifying terror attack in Berlin… ISIS and other Islamist terrorists continues to slaughter Christians in their communities in their places of worship as part of their global jihad” — then immediately undercut the President-elect.
“Just to reiterate, the deadly incident hasn't been declared an terrorist attack by the German authorities themselves as of yet,” Hayes shot at theirs audience.
Unfortunately for the be-speckled-news-pecker, German Chancellor Angela Merkel has come to that very conclusion.
Furthermore, when describing the assassination of late Russian Ambassador Karlov, Hayes left out a key detail.
Namely, that the assassin — immediately after shooting Karlov in the back — opened their Turkish and Arabic rant with, “Allahu Akbar!” (VIDEO: ‘Allahu Akbar' — Police Release Graphic Footage Of Russian Ambassador Assassination)
For some reason, Hayes was able to translate the majority of the shooter's message — “Don't forget Aleppo, don't forget Syria” — yet couldn't put their finger on one of the most world's most recognized phrases — the Arabic translation for “glory to God” — hours after the footage had been released.
It's not even like Hayes' network was stopping employees from pointing out the unmissable Jihadi war cry.
Mediaite's Alex Griswold points out that MSNBC, CNN and Fox News all ran the video — where the phrase can audibly be heard — and even pointed it out to the audience.
Case in point, the insufferable Lawrence O'Donell opened their segment on the assassination with an audio clip of the assassin shouting “Allahu Akbar.”
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
Watching Eden Hazard tear one of Europe's great defensive sides to pieces last night was simply stunning. It was the European performance their talent had threatened to deliver for so long, wrapped in a neat little Belgian bow. Free from the constraints placed on them by José Mourinho, Antonio Conte placed Hazard at the centre of their team and watched the chaos unfold. In truth, Atlético Madrid could not cope with Hazard's trickery, their acceleration, their intelligence or their unique ability to make top level players look a bit Sunday League. Like many before them, they resorted to simply kicking them at every opportunity: it did not work. The scary prospect comes after Chelsea get comfortable in this system.
Looking at Hazard's performance yesterday, it placed them in a position where many have felt they are at their strongest. Undoubtedly, playing Hazard as a winger is incredibly effective. However, against elite level opponents, it is easy for the Belgian to become isolated. Sides who combine a great level of talent with superior organisation are hard for anyone to breakdown. We have struggled to get Hazard into games as left winger or inside forward. It is difficult to envisage a scenario where they shine as brightly when asked to be an auxiliary left-back. In this new 3-5-2 shape, Hazard becomes central to everything Chelsea does.
For perspective, rarely have Real Madrid or Barcelona put on such a commanding performance at Atlético Madrid's home ground. Diego Simeone, magnanimous in defeat, summed it up perfectly: “[Chelsea] were better than us. Tactically and physically”. Aside from the reshaped backline, there are three additional pieces that really allowed Hazard to operate at this superstar level. With Tiémoué Bakayoko and N'Golo Kanté in midfield, Hazard's days of needing to help the slightly less mobile Nemanja Matić and Cesc Fàbregas are over. Our midfield is now athletic, powerful, intelligent and capable of delivering robust box-to-box performances.
Tiémoué Bakayoko and N'Golo Kanté vs. Atlético Madrid. [@ScoutNationHD]
Chelsea have found the ideal midfield for Conte's system. pic.twitter.com/NwtPSMU82z — Breaking The Lines (@BTLvid) September 28, 2017
Pundits reducing Bakayoko and Kanté to athletes will be reeling at how effortlessly the pair controlled midfield with the ball. Clearly both are absolute specimens, but the one-touch football that created the winning goal only happens with wonderfully talented footballers, not marathon runners or outside centres (Bakayoko could double up for the French rugby team). Watching them stop Atlético's counterattacks before they had even crossed the halfway line was frankly mindboggling. Yet, the skill and progressive passing on display does not sit comfortably alongside this crass stereotype.
If the new midfield tandem completely overwhelmed Atlético Madrid, it is the introduction of Álvaro Morata that is revolutionising the way Chelsea can build play and attack. The Spaniard has settled quickly. They should be commended for the change in mentality since the Arsenal match.  They are never going to be the rampaging bull that Diego Costa was; but they are developing a competitive streak within their game that suggests they are not going to be pushed around. How many people literally body check Diego Godín to the ground? It was not malicious, but it spoke volumes about Morata's willingness to incorporate that side of the game into their own. Frank Lampard mentioned that it was one of their favourite things about Morata's game during their punditry on BT Sport. This combination of silkiness and grit is very reminiscent of Peter Osgood: the King of Stamford Bridge could play the game as stylish as any centre forward but would give it back as and when required.
Morata's technical ability marries perfectly with how Hazard plays the game. The quick 1-2s, the flicks, the tricks, the vision and the understanding was unlike anything we have seen at this level. Costa had their moments, but they were more of a finisher of moves. By no means was this a bad thing, Costa was a scorer of important goals as opposed to a purveyor of stepovers. Morata, on the other hand, can seemingly do both. Equally adept at coming short, retaining possession or intricately circulating the ball under pressure, we have already seen they can be an exquisite finisher. Just the mere placement of Hazard near Morata troubled one of the most well-organised sides in world football. It was a game where Hazard felt menacing every time they touched the ball and they were unquestionably the best player on the pitch.
I have often felt that Hazard comes alive when deployed centrally – their whole demeanour changes, filled with a swagger and arrogance that befits their talent level. It is like the central role consumes him, flitting and darting around the pitch, enjoying the havoc they create. The combination of this shape and the new personnel really does allow them to dictate the game in a complete fashion. To put things into perspective, Hazard made as many key passes last night (those are passes that lead to an attempt on goal) as Kylian Mbappé, Neymar, Marco Verratti and Dani Alves combined against Bayern Munich. The ball to Morata being the pick of the bunch. Given the freedom to roam anywhere, Hazard ends up on the left flank and creates half a yard of space before whipping a pinpoint cross towards Morata who deftly glances home. It was a beautiful piece of play that encapsulated everything good about their performance.
This position makes Hazard the point guard of the Chelsea attack. They treat the pitch like a canvas, composing their masterpiece with deft brush strokes and moments of brilliance. Much like a point guard, everything runs through them from every angle on the pitch. Their touch map reflecting the sheer omnipresence of their attacking output. We may see a new trend if Conte's impact on the Premier League continues. How many teams now play a variation of their title winning formation? The next evolution may well be this 3-5-2, focussed around a supremely gifted individual to play this pseudo point guard role. It finally puts the Belgian in a position where they can influence every single facet of play. Orchestrating every attacking ploy with their movement, dribbling, passing and intelligence. They can come deep, they can run in behind, drift to either flank, sit in pockets of space or ghost into half-spaces: it was a playmaking performance of substance and panache.
Throughout their career, Hazard has played roughly 59 games as a number 10 or withdrawn forward and has twenty-four goals and twenty-six assists. In this new system, where they have the keys to the kingdom, I think that level of production may increase. Both Steven Gerrard and Rio Ferdinand asked why on earth you would want to give them defensive responsibilities when they can play like that? Speaking with Ali Maxwell (who might have the best @ on Twitter and is a highly recommended follow → @TheMakeleleRole), the similarities to Kyrie Irving are apparent: “the otherworldly dribbling ability and close control of the ball defines both of them, punctuated by a low centre of gravity. With Hazard, has there ever been a defender capable of defending them 1-on-1? I have not seen one. Same with Irving, there is no defender that can cope with them on their own”. Even “the way that they ‘playmaker' is predicated on their absurd individual dribbling ability”.
We often see Hazard characterised as a gifted dribbler. It is this type of assessment that really downplays a lot of their supreme playmaking talents. Perhaps their primary undervalued trait is their passing ability. It is something I never hear mentioned as one of Hazard's traits. However, when Ted Knutson of StatsBomb dropped an article quantifying passing ability I took notice. I would advise reading the article for an understanding of the metric, but in short I have copied the four general tenets below:
Long passes are harder to complete than short ones
Vertical passes, especially in the opposition half, are harder to complete than most horizontal ones, though this rule gets a bit squishy around the box.
Passes from outside areas to central areas are harder to complete
Passes as a whole become far more difficult to complete as you approach the goal.
Perhaps surprisingly (or perhaps not) the Premier League's best wide player when it comes to passing ability? Eden Hazard. Given that one of Knutson's takeaways was that “the average difficulty of passes attempted and completed by Messi is insane” it is perhaps poignant to note that Eden Hazard is very close to them in terms of the data points. Hazard normally creates 90-100 chances per season without taking set-pieces. Kevin De Bruyne creates marginally more while taking corners and free-kicks. De Bruyne is often positioned as a world class creator, while Hazard is not necessarily put on the same pedestal; they probably should be. Hazard's ability to play dangerous passes is incredibly rare and while the raw assists numbers may not reflect this, they are one of the best passers in world football. Surrounding them with more talent is only going to see this increase.
When Hazard first joined Chelsea, I wrote something about how they could potentially become a modern-day Gianfranco Zola. While the Premier League is a much different beast to what it was in the late 1990s, Hazard certainly feels like the embodiment of what the number twenty-five meant to me growing up. That feeling of anticipation I get when Hazard picks the ball up one-on-one with a defender is the same feeling I had when Zola used to twist defenders inside out regularly. Everything from the low centre of gravity to the incredible ability to control the ball under immense pressure is the same. Hazard might have a better haircut though…
We now have a set of personnel and a system that can extract the very best of Hazard on the grandest stage: the personnel point being the most salient. It is not just the implementation of a 3-5-2 that is crucial, but the fact we have Kanté, Bakayoko and Morata to make it flow. Willian or Pedro will not produce a performance like Hazard's just because we have set people out on a pitch in a 3-5-2 formation. It will be interesting to see whether this tactic is something Conte persists with against weaker opponents and even more interesting once Fàbregas gets used to their role at the base of the triangle.
There is an argument to be made that Hazard is already the most talented player to put on a Chelsea shirt. How they are seen amongst the pantheon of Chelsea greats will largely be determined by their performances over the next few years. If we build the team around him, as I believe we should, then we are looking at returning to the top table of European football.  They are a unique talent – capable of practically anything on a football pitch and while they regularly deliver in big games, the level of dominance they exhibited last night is something they should strive to match every game. Perhaps now the side is tailored to their strengths and the key supporting cast are a stylistic match, this is the sort of Hazard performance we can expect to see regularly.
They may never be a thirty-goal a season forward, but what they provide instead of that is consistent creative brilliance. We have seen a glimpse of the future with Hazard adopting this point guard/nine-and-a-half role. This special ability to drop immensely deep and create off their own dribble is something we should enjoy watching; I doubt there are many around who can do it as well. Will it be something we see replicated at Manchester City this weekend? The scope it provides to play on the front-foot and to counterattack is a delicious prospect against City's gung-ho brand of football. I suspect this change of style might correlate with the emergence of a “new Chelsea” and in which case it will be Eden Hazard leading the charge as the Belgian so often does.
Paul McCartney will perform Oct. 13 in Nationwide Arena - one of only five stops on the former Beatle's upcoming fall tour and their only date in the Midwest. Ohio State University President Michael V. Drake made the announcement this afternoon during a first-year student-year welcome rally for students. The university oversees booking and management duties for the Downtown arena.
Paul McCartney will perform Oct. 13 in Nationwide Arena � one of only five stops on the former Beatle�s upcoming fall tour and their only date in the Midwest.
Ohio State University President Michael V. Drake made the announcement this afternoon during a first-year student-year welcome rally for students.
The university oversees booking and management duties for the Downtown arena.
�I�m totally jazzed about this,� said Drake, who, beyond their academic role, sits on the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame board and plays guitar. �Columbus really is a destination for all the best acts in the world.�
The upcoming concert, Drake said, is expected to last three hours.
McCartney, now 73, last played central Ohio in October 2005 at Value City Arena. They recently headlined as part of the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago.
The Hey Jude rocker has plenty else on their plate: Projects this year include the FourFiveSeconds single with Rihanna and Kanye West; an appearance on the Saturday Night Live 40th-anniversary special; and, marking their South Korean debut, a gig in Seoul.
Tickets will go on sale at 10 a.m. Monday at the venue and Ticketmaster outlets. A pre-sale offer for American Express cardholders will be offered starting at 10 a.m. Thursday.
kjoy@dispatch.com
What Gives Gold that Mellow Glow?
by John Walker
In discussions of special relativity, you occasionally encounter a claim like, “The effects of special relativity only matter to particle physicists and others working with extreme energies and velocities. Relativity has no consequences in everyday life.” Well, these days, anybody who relies upon the Global Positioning System (GPS) to navigate their car or the airliner in which they're travelling uses both special and general relativity, because without correction for their effects, GPS would be so inaccurate as to be useless. But GPS is a recent innovation, and the relativistic corrections are both complicated and hidden from the user in the software in the receiver and on board the satellites. But there's an effect of special relativity which was observed, if not understood, by the ancients: the yellow gleam of gold.
With an atomic number of 79, gold is in the last row of the periodic table containing stable elements, and only four stable elements (mercury, thallium, lead, and bismuth) have greater atomic number. With 79 protons in its nucleus, the electrons of the gold atom are subjected to an intense electrostatic attraction. Using the naïve Bohr “solar system” model of the atom for the moment, electrons in the 1s orbital, closest to the nucleus, would have to orbit with a velocity v of 1.6×108 metres per second to have sufficient kinetic energy to avoid “falling into” the nucleus. This is more than half the speed of light: c≈3×108 m/s, which, according to Einstein's equation:
increases the electron's mass (or, in more modern terminology, momentum) by about 20%. Quantum mechanics replaces the Bohr orbits with a probability distribution of the electron's position, with the Bohr orbit radius interpreted as the distance from the nucleus where the peak probability occurs. The relativistic increase in mass of the electron causes a relativistic contraction of its orbit because, as the electron's mass increases, the radius of an orbit with constant angular momentum shrinks proportionately.
From the Bohr model, you might expect this effect to be significant only for the innermost electrons, but due to quantum mechanics, it strongly affects electrons in s orbitals even in outer shells, because their probability density remains high near the nucleus. The higher angular momentum p, d, f, and g orbitals have their probability peaks farther from the nucleus, and hence are less affected by relativistic contraction.
The colour of metals such as silver and gold is mainly due to absorption of light when a d electron jumps to an s orbital. For silver, the 4d→5s transition has an energy corresponding to ultraviolet light, so frequencies in the visible band are not absorbed. With all visible frequencies reflected equally, silver has no colour of its own; it's silvery. In gold, however, relativistic contraction of the s orbitals causes their energy levels to shift closer to those of the d orbitals (which are less affected by relativity). This, in turn, shifts the light absorption (primarily due to the 5d→6s transition) from the ultraviolet down into the lower energy and frequency blue visual range. A substance which absorbs blue light will reflect the rest of the spectrum: the reds and greens which, combined, result in the yellowish hue we call golden.
Warmly glowing gold,
What gives it that autumn hue?
Relativity.
Special relativity is also responsible for gold's resistance to tarnishing and other chemical reactions. Chemistry is mostly concerned with the electrons in the outermost orbitals. With a single 6s electron, you might expect gold to be highly reactive; after all, cæsium has the same 6s1 outer shell, and it is the most alkaline of natural elements: it explodes if dropped in water, and even reacts with ice. Gold's 6s orbital, however, is relativistically contracted toward the nucleus, and its electron has a high probability to be among the electrons of the filled inner shells. This, along with the stronger electrostatic attraction of the 79 protons in the nucleus, reduce the “atomic radius” of gold to 135 picometres compared to 260 picometres for cæsium with its 55 protons and electrons—the gold atom is almost 50% heavier, yet only a little over half the size of cæsium. Only the most reactive substances can tug gold's 6s1 electron out from where it's hiding among the others, and hence not only the colour of gold, but its immunity from tarnishing and corrosion are consequences of special relativity.
What keeps that golden
twinkle bright?
Mass increase near
speed of light!
by John Walker
March, 2006
This document is in the public domain.
Skip to comments.
Long-lost Khmer Rouge soldiers emerge from jungle
Swiss Info ^ | 12.08.04 | Ek Madra
Posted on by Dr. Marten
Long-lost Khmer Rouge soldiers emerge from jungle
By Ek Madra
LOUT, Cambodia (Reuters) - When Vietnamese troops overran their village in 1979, Romam Chhung Loeung, a
Khmer Rouge guerrilla, had no option but to flee with friends and family into the dense jungle of
northeast Cambodia.
Twenty-five years later, the group emerged from the forest in clothes made of bark and leaves,
unaware that the war was over, the Vietnamese had gone and Pol Pot was dead.
In an extraordinary tale of human survival, the refugees lived on whatever scraps they could find in
the jungle, fearful of any contact with humans, who they believed were the enemy, slugging out the final
chapter of the Cold War in Indochina.
"Whenever we heard gun-shots or people chopping trees, we would move to another site," Romam Chhung
Loeung said after a tearful reunion with relatives in Ratanakiri province, around 250 miles northeast of
the Cambodian capital, Phnom Penh.
"I cannot remember how many huts we built during those years," they said.
Another refugee, Lek Mun - 15 when they fled, now 39 - recalled with horror the day the Vietnamese
stormed their village as part of the invasion to oust Pol Pot and their ultra-Maoist Khmer Rouge, the regime
behind the "Killing Fields" genocide in which 1.7 million are thought to have died.
Soldiers sprayed the forest with machine-gun fire, believing retreating Khmer Rouge guerrillas were
hiding in the trees.
"I saw three people killed. Would you stay in an area like that? No way," Lek Mun told Reuters.
YEARS ON THE RUN
When they fled, the four families, numbering a dozen in total, carried what they could - guns,
clothes, knives, rice, salt, pots and pans.
But as the days stretched to weeks, months and then years and supplies dwindled and disappeared, they
were forced to live like animals off the forest.
When their clothes wore out, they went naked. When the first of the group's 22 children were born,
they made garments out of leaves and bark to protect them from the cold and the malaria-carrying
mosquitoes that infest southeast Asia's jungles.
In the darkness beyond the light of the camp-fires lay other dangers - tigers, bears, snakes, or
landmines left behind from the Vietnam War.
Roots and leaves from the forest floor were their only medicines; animals snared in jungle creeper
traps, their only meat; wild fruits their only dessert.
"All we cared about was survival," Lek Mun said. "We ate anything we could swallow - red ants, mice,
snakes, birds, even tree roots."
"We ate bird meat but kept the seeds from the bird's crop to plant," said another refugee at a
village party celebrating their emergence into the 21st century -- albeit in one of the poorest parts of
one of the poorest countries in Asia.
GLIMPSES OF MODERNITY
For those born on the run, the only glimpses of modernity were the distant vapour trails of
commercial aircraft streaking across the skies long after Hanoi pulled its troops out of Cambodia in
1989.
"When I was there, all I saw were bears, snakes and deer but now I see lots of different things,"
said Mun Kayang, a pallid youth in their 20s.
Like others born into the group, the only other humans they knew were in their immediate vicinity. As the
children grew older, intermarriage was commonplace.
Gradually, as their numbers swelled to more than 30 and health deteriorated, the group's leaders
yearned for a return to humanity.
Only then did they realise they were lost in the trackless wastes of forest along the Cambodia-Laos
border, criss-crossed a quarter of a century earlier by the myriad paths of the Ho Chi Minh trail.
"We wanted to get out but no one could lead us," said Lek Mun's wife, their five month-old-baby - the
latest of their five children - asleep in their arms.
Finally, in early November - more than five years after the death of Pol Pot - they found a truck
tyre which they cut into "Pol Pot sandals", the make-shift shoes worn by the guerrillas.
A few days later, they were picked up by police in neighbouring Laos and taken back to Cambodia under
the auspices of astonished officials from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
"I had to leave because I wanted to die in a better place - not sad in the jungle," Lek Mun said.
Stunned relatives immediately threw a party of rice wine, pig soup and papaya to welcome back loved
ones from beyond the grave.
"I felt that they were out there in the jungle, but I could not reach them. I feel so sorry for
them," said 60-year-old Nong Konthap, after recounting about Cambodia's landmark elections in 1993, the
beginning of the end of decades of civil war.
Mun Kayang, a refugee in their early 20s, said they felt as though they had moved from darkness to light.
Reuters
TOPICS:
Culture/Society
Foreign Affairs
News/Current Events
KEYWORDS:
cambodia
khmer
khmerrouge
To: Dr. Marten
Man, that's a long time to wait for a Happy Meal.
by 2 posted onby WestVirginiaRebel (Conservatism pays off. Liberalism just wants to be paid.)
To: Dr. Marten
"I'm going to DISNEY WORLD!"
by 3 posted onby Darkwolf377 (Americans never quit. --Gen. Douglas MacArthur)
To: Dr. Marten
"John Kerry ran for what?"
"John Kerry ran for what?"
To: Dr. Marten
let me think.....they were part of a group that killed 1.7 million people, and yet they are welcomed back home like heroes?
To: Dr. Marten
25 years without committing genocide? How did they ever manage?
To: cherry
I was thinking the same thing.
To: cherry
Didn't the same thing happen with a Japanese soldier in the Philippines awhile back?
To: killjoy
ping
To: Dr. Marten
those asians just don't have a clue on how to read a map do they
To: cherry; Anti-Bubba182; Dr. Marten
let me think.....they were part of a group that killed 1.7 million people, and yet they are welcomed back home like heroes? This really has no bearing on thier situation. We don't know what positions they held in the KR. The current Premier of Cambodia, Hun Sen, was also part of the KR before fleeing to Vietnam. Hatred of the Vietnamese was one of the driving themes of the KR and these people were probably brainwashed into thinking that any Khmer would be shot on sight by the Vietnamese. Going out on a limb, most people in Cambodia that are over 40 years old probably had something to do with the KR based on the simple fact that they are alive.
by 11 posted onby killjoy (My kid is the bomb at Islam Elementary!)
To: angkor
ping
by 12 posted onby killjoy (My kid is the bomb at Islam Elementary!)
To: Dr. Marten; aculeus; general_re; Billthedrill; Constitution Day; BlueLancer; Poohbah; ...
Didn't the same thing happen with a Japanese soldier in the Philippines awhile back? Oft-recurring story, odd enough to ring true. Loyal servant of the Emperor -- unaware of fatal reverse, in summer of '45, to Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere -- emerges decades later from jungle, having survived God knows how.
To: Dr. Marten
In the NYT Version of the same story it says that they left the jungle after their Wi-FI Connection was lost.
To: dighton; Dr. Marten; general_re; Billthedrill; Constitution Day; BlueLancer; Poohbah
"I saw three people killed. Would you stay in an area like that? No way," Lek Mun told Reuters. They speak American?
To: aculeus; killjoy
Am I missing something here?
Is "American" a language?
...perhaps only to those who have never been outside of them borders.
It's obvious that they were speaking through a translator who speaks ENGLISH.
To: Dr. Marten
It's obvious that they were speaking through a translator who speaks ENGLISH. Picky, picky, picky. Since when do Brit's say "No way"?
To: aculeus; Dr. Marten
Picky, picky, picky. Since when do Brit's say "No way"? Keep in mind US culture is exported all over the world through movies and television, yes even to Cambodia. It is amazing the slang you can hear even in very backwards places. There are even locals who will go out of their way to use the latest slang that they have heard. People are people no matter where in the world they are.
by 18 posted onby killjoy (My kid is the bomb at Islam Elementary!)
To: aculeus; killjoy
"Since when do Brit's say "No way"?"
Well, that might just depend on where you were educated or spend a lot of your time.
I use Chinese slang quite often....I'm an American (caucasian)
To: Dr. Marten; killjoy
Since when do serious print journalists resort to cheesy self-translations of foreigners they interview ... and then pass them off as quotations? Paraphrases would have been more appropriate rather than "quotes". This reporter is confused. They seem to think he's working as a movie-dubber.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
Have you ever walked down a street in a developed country? If yes, consider yourself the unsung star of a silent short, because someone, somewhere was almost certainly watching you as you did.
CCTV's nothing new, which is probably why people seem to have either forgotten about or become disinterested in how creepy it is. Not so Camover, a group from Germany who have been running around Berlin smashing CCTV cameras to pieces, which isn't surprising given that their slogan is: “Freiheit sterbt mit Sicherheit”, or "Freedom dies with Security".
Not content with giving the authorities a massive headache on their own, Camover have also recently announced a competition encouraging others to get involved. All you have to do to enter is think of a name that begins with the words “Brigade…” or “Command…” and that ends with the name of a historical personality, recruit a mob and smash up cameras. Then you send pictures and video evidence to their website, and they declare the winning footage. The competition ends on February 19th – coinciding with the European Police Congress in Berlin, a time for top bacon from the whole continent to come together and discuss tactics while eating doughnuts and telling each other about how they're "too old for this shit".
I admired Camover's chutzpah, so I called them for a chat.
VICE: Hey, Camover – what's with all the aggro?
Camover: We were bored. Just kidding. We're critical of consumer society, where people swallow the opinions given to them by the media. They forget to think for themselves. And we thought it would be fun to motivate people to go out at night and get rid of these annoying cameras.
So why don't you like CCTV?
We're a diverse group of people: Shoplifters eluding capitalism who don't want to be monitored, passengers who don't want to followed step by step and anarchists fighting everything that wants to control us. The state needs the power of surveillance so that we all feel that “He” is there and knows what you're doing. We're fighting for the freedom to live independently, so let's start by smashing some cameras!
K! Do you get in trouble with the cops a lot?
No, we're quite difficult to catch because we destroy the CCTV.
Ingenious! How would I go about destroying a camera then?
It's funny to do it with a fire extinguisher – you get this surge of colour and everything gets dirty. It's also fun to beat a camera down so that you can hold it in your hands.
What's the most effective way?
Either to give someone a leg up or get some rope so that you can take it away. That way it definitely won't cause any more trouble. But if you do that, you need to put a hat over the lens or crush it so you know it's not still transmitting.
How many cameras have you destroyed?
We have no idea how many we've already destroyed. It's not a big deal to destroy a camera – often you can do it quickly on the way home.
In your video there's one bit when you're on a train. The other passengers look pretty passive. How have the public tended to react?
At first people can be quite shocked by our brutish behaviour and the fact that we're all dressed in black and masked up. It's a shame because most of us are anarchists so we try to be as non-violent as possible. We attack things, not people – cops and Nazis don't count. Most people look the other way. Sometimes they blow the whistle on the cops. But sometimes people clap. That feels good. But the best feeling is when other people do this too.
Aren't you just wasting taxpayers' money, since the government will inevitably re-install any CCTV you take out?
Isn't the government just going to waste taxpayers' money when they replace the cameras that we are inevitably going to take down again?
Touché. So this is all building up to the European Police Congress that's meeting in Berlin in February. Tell me a bit about that.
It's a meeting of up to 2000 high-ranking police officials who think they can define what's good and bad.
What are they meeting for?
They'll exchange knowledge so that they can develop state repression to the point where impossible to break out or even to resist. Sponsors like Siemens, Panasonic and IBM will be there promoting their own solutions.
So why are you against it?
We don't like cops.
You don't say. What else?
The congress has nothing at all to do with democratic decisions and with people's safety. It's all about the security of governments and the capitalist economy which ensures the exploitation of people and the maximisation of profit. Besides, they think it's funny to shoot tasers at black people. There's going to be a powerful and combative demonstration against it, because politicians, economic pigs and cops need to understand that their oppression will not be accepted.
Thanks, Camover!
Follow Simon on Twitter: @simonchilds13
Read more dissidence on VICE:
Rule Britannia – Teenage Riot
Athenian Anarchy
A Beginners Guide to Anarchy in the UK
UPDATED
Police officer: No ‘disparaging remarks' came from Delta Upsilon
Members of the University of Missouri's black student government called Delta Upsilon fraternity members “fucking crackers” and “fucking rednecks,” threatened to burn down the fraternity house and “set this school on fire,” and tried to instigate fights with them on Tuesday night, according to police statements.
The black students were allegedly provoked minutes earlier by a group of intoxicated women whom they accused of using a racial slur.
According to the police report obtained by the St. Louis Post Dispatch, with statements from four responding officers, defusing the situation required at least eight campus police officers.
The apparent scapegoat in the altercation, Delta Upsilon, was placed on “emergency suspension” by its national chapter Wednesday, hours before Mizzou also suspended the chapter.
In a statement distributed by the MU News Bureau on Wednesday, interim Chancellor Hank Foley said they were “outraged” to learn of the incident and said consequences could follow for those responsible.
Here are #Mizzou interim Chancellor Hank Foley's comments on the student gathering in the student center today & last night's incident: pic.twitter.com/2dFVDVnrNs — Alec Lewis (@alec_lewis) September 28, 2016
“[I]f any student is found in violation of the Student Code and/or the University's nondiscrimination policies, they will be subject to discipline, up to and including suspension and/or expulsion,” Foley wrote.
‘We'll burn this motherfucker down'
Four women were walking home through campus shortly before midnight Tuesday when they allegedly upturned trash cans and tore down construction signs. (The police report redacts all names and largely avoids mentioning the race of participants, and an investigating officer found “no damage” to the cans.)
Two students leaving a Legion of Black Collegians meeting witnessed the visibly intoxicated women making the commotion.
According to the legion members, a white woman said: “Look how those niggers are looking at us.”
After flagging down a University of Missouri Police Department officer, the legion members pursued the women over three blocks, to the front of the Delta Upsilon house.
The first responding officer, Jacob Clifford, wrote in a report supplement that the legion women appeared “extremely upset.”
Police report in University of Missouri racial altercation by The College Fix on Scribd
The white woman who allegedly called them “niggers” came forward to apologize to officers, the notes say, and to claim they “had no intention of doing that.”
As the situation outside unfolded, fraternity members peering out open windows appeared to choose sides in the squabble. A few came outside to the porch and became involved in the crossfire, which had escalated into full-blown threats of arson.
“Keep talking, we'll burn this motherfucker down,” Clifford cited as one taunt directed at the fraternity members by a student.
In their statement to Officer Justin Ludwig, one fraternity member said a woman on the sidewalk goaded them to “get down here so I can beat your cracker ass,” possibly because they were beaming down rap music from the house.
“I heard shouts of ‘Uncle Tom' and ‘sellout' coming from [the] sidewalk group,” Sgt. Rodney Stewart wrote in the report. “From the crowd on the sidewalk, I also heard, ‘Fucking crackers' and ‘Fucking rednecks' being shouted toward [redacted].”
On Wednesday the legion released a statement on Twitter alleging that DU fraternity members had called them “'C**ts, B****es and Niggers' with a plethora of other microaggressions.”
A statement from the Legion with regard to yesterday evening and the early hours of this morning. pic.twitter.com/TkoggBKSGP — LBC (@MizzouLBC) September 28, 2016
Although Heat Street describes the fraternity as “predominantly white,” a person who was summoned outside the house by police said they believed the charges of racism against their fraternity were off base because DU was a diverse house.
“It should be noted, at no time while I was on scene did I hear disparaging remarks originating from the DU house or members,” Stewart's report said.
However, Ludwig's supplement said one of the intoxicated women confronted by legion members had claimed that Delta Upsilon had shouted “obscenities,” but that the woman “did not want to give their [the fraternity members'] names in fear of getting them in trouble.”
The escalation continued until fraternity leaders agreed with police requests to corral their members inside.
‘Hate crime' or just ‘hate speech'?
Legion members steadily made enemies as more people arrived on foot and by car, attracted by the commotion. They even raised ire toward the responding officers, the reports say.
When one woman who apparently had not witnessed the initial altercation claimed the fraternity had participated in a “hate crime,” Ludwig reminded them that “we are not certain those responsible for the racial slurs are even members of the house.”
“They were convinced it was a hate crime,” wrote Ludwig, who believed the initial alleged “nigger” comment qualified as merely “hate speech.”
One woman – whose affiliation is redacted in the report – allegedly threatened an officer: “If you don't get it together, I will set this school on fire. Do you understand me?”
Six individuals broke off and walked toward the fraternity's door to confront its members. One of the women appeared “highly agitated,” the report notes.
Although the women started yelling obscenities at the fraternity members, the report doesn't say whether officers intervened.
To have an officer walk up to me and grip their gun as four men approached me, as if I did something wrong is problematic. — ConcernedDuck1950 (@OXOX_Nicole) September 28, 2016
In another case a woman who threatened “to shut shit down” left when they were told by an officer they were trespassing on the fraternity's property.
Legion admits ‘wrongs,' ‘will not apologize' to racists
The legion met with members of campus police Thursday, according to a statement released on Twitter Friday afternoon.
In the somewhat conciliatory letter, the legion thanked police officers who “expressed compassion and understanding” while forgiving those who didn't and who “will be working to better their actions.”
“If there is one thing that can be agreed upon by all parties involved, [it] is to wish that the night would have gone differently,” the letter said. “While we can admit to our wrongs, we cannot and will not apologize for the hurt and anger that derives from our lived experiences on this campus.”
A word from The Legion: pic.twitter.com/n6mtfig9FM — LBC (@MizzouLBC) September 30, 2016
“We appreciate the efforts of the Legion of Black Collegians (LBC) leaders to bring us together and talk about how we can build stronger relationships between our officers and our students,” Police Chief Doug Schwandt said Friday in a statement obtained by The Maneater.
UPDATE: The Legion of Black Collegians said Friday it had met with campus police the previous day, thanking some officers and forgiving others. The police department also released a statement. The article has been amended accordingly, and various typos have been fixed.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Piotr Zajda/Shutterstock
YouTube is full of an incredible assortment of entertaining videos and as a gamer I tend to focus my attention on fantastic shows like Sanity not Included and Sonic for Hire, but nothing comes close to Roosterteeth's Achievement Hunter. Watching Geoff, Gavin, Jack, Ryan, Ray, Michael, and Caleb remains the constant highlights of my day. Whether it's a new episode of Vs or the latest Minecraft Let's Play for the Tower of Pimps I always look forward to next video with high esteem. It may sound impossible but after so many wonderful videos I've decided to pick out the top five that I personally think are the best of the best.
5. Let's Play - Minecraft Part 2 - On the Rails!
This fantastic Lets's Play was where Gavin Free first pitched, what I thought would've been a successful show, Wuggles finds J-role. And on a minor note it's was also the first appearance of The Tower of Pimps. What I thought to be a simple joke went on to become the origin point for every Minecraft competition afterwards. It was also one of those rare Achievement Hunter videos where Joel made an appearance, and ended with a brilliant off-screen rumble between Michael and Gavin.
4. Let's Play WWE '13
While the Minecraft Let's Play provides loads of entertainment it isn't the only titled played by these unusual people, it's especially weird to see the Achievement Hunter squad playing something outside of their traditional domain. I didn't expect much when I saw “Let's Play - WWE 13”, especially since I stopped watching Wrestling after the attitude era. However the watching the entrances for each of their characters I had to stop the video, I couldn't breathe because I was laughing too much.
3. Rage Quit: Slender
Part 1
Part 2
Each of the members of the Achievement Hunter staff has something that stands out about them. Whether it's Ray's obsession with roses or Ryan's love of animals, each one of them bring something new to Achievement Hunter. However Michael Jones anger and Gavin Free's desire for calamity definitely stand out as my favorite. Putting these two together to play Slender, picturing Michael carrying Gavin on their shoulders, was unbelievably funny. Seeing Gavin and Michael argue and scream in fear from both The Slender Man and each other made me watch this video multiple times.
2. Vs
Although a new series to Achievement Hunter the Vs episodes also surround on competitive matches for a prestigious item, in this case a plastic WWE Championship Belt. The greatest lure, for me, is not only the matches between the contestants or the commentary, but is what game the challenger will pick. Vs Episode 7 - Ray vs. Gavin was truly shocking as Gavin choose to take Ray on in their signature game. The only way this video could've been better, other than seeing Gavin's tenacity in this doomed fight, if Geoff won their bet.
1. Let's Play Minecraft - Episode 47 - Enchantment Level 30
Out of all the Let's Plays, Let's Builds, Vs, Rage Quits, Horse and Pig challenges, and the Behind the Scenes videos I choose Minecraft Episode 47 as my favorite Achievement Hunter video. Seeing Gavin's trophy room in the first 5 minutes of that video made me laugh harder than any other video uploaded by Achievement Hunter. However the fun didn't end there as Geoff decided to alleviate the boredom of being a moderator by messing with their employees as they attempted to win The Tower of Pimps by de-mining, placing dirt blocks and unexpectedly giving birth to the underground chicken. It was simply amazing.
The team at Achievement Hunter dishes out incredible content weekly and I'm sure that someone has a completely different top five list than my own. It was an ordeal to pick out five videos that I found to be the best of them all and by tomorrow I'm probably going to change my mind. For now these are my top five.
Adam Siddiqui, NoobFeed
Twitter | YouTube | Facebook
When the Lee Jung-hee Scandal broke I thought it seemed strange and sure enough it was all as expected a hoax. This just shows how these campaigns passed around on social media I have little faith in because they are mostly not true and this scandal is just another example:
As we know now, this was all a hoax. The monstrous former husband, who was supposedly blocking the police investigation because they were so well-connected with powerful people, was no more than an old pizza delivery man living in a crappy studio apartment. Lee led to the journalists to a rural village, claiming that their perpetrators lived there–not just one or two of the perpetrators, but according to Lee, the whole village was a sex colony that raped them and their sons. (But why would these allegedly rich and powerful men who assaulted them and their sons live in a crappy rural village?) The police did investigate the former husband when Lee initially claimed sexual assault to the police. After four months of investigation, the police did not find any nefarious orgy picture or video, nor did they find any sign of drug use from the former husband.
The real story was simpler and made much more sense. Lee and the former husband were indeed married, and were in the process of divorce. The former husband did beat Lee and the children, which resulted in a favorable divorce for Lee. It was when the husband appealed the decision by the divorce court that Lee began claiming sexual assault. Them story fell apart as soon as the more serious Korean media began their investigation. Earlier this month, Lee was arrested on the charges of malicious litigation and child abuse; Lee's children were separated from their mother and were placed in protective services. [Ask A Korean]
Other nations that are likely to experience shortages include the big economies of the United States, China, and India. These countries are already struggling with water scarcity and will continue face similar levels of water crisis through 2040. However, some regions, including the Southwestern United States and China's Ningxia Province, may see a 40 to 70 percent intensification of their water deficits.
"The region, already arguably the least water-secure in the world, draws heavily upon groundwater and desalinated seawater, and faces exceptional water-related challenges for the foreseeable future," says the report.
The study ranked all countries according to the severity of the water crisis they are estimated to face, and the Middle East stood out as the most vulnerable region. Fourteen of the 33 countries most likely to suffer water shortfalls are in the region, including nine that are considered extremely susceptible: Bahrain, Kuwait, Palestine, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Oman, and Lebanon.
About one-fifth of all countries in the world will face acute water shortage by 2040 as climate change disrupts rainfall patterns and a growing population pushes up demand, according to an analysis by the non-profit research organization World Resources Institute (WRI).
Read more
VICE News is closely tracking global environmental change. Check out the Tipping Point blog here.
About one-fifth of all countries in the world will face acute water shortage by 2040 as climate change disrupts rainfall patterns and a growing population pushes up demand, according to an analysis by the non-profit research organization World Resources Institute (WRI).
The study ranked all countries according to the severity of the water crisis they are estimated to face, and the Middle East stood out as the most vulnerable region. Fourteen of the 33 countries most likely to suffer water shortfalls are in the region, including nine that are considered extremely susceptible: Bahrain, Kuwait, Palestine, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Oman, and Lebanon.
"The region, already arguably the least water-secure in the world, draws heavily upon groundwater and desalinated seawater, and faces exceptional water-related challenges for the foreseeable future," says the report.
Other nations that are likely to experience shortages include the big economies of the United States, China, and India. These countries are already struggling with water scarcity and will continue face similar levels of water crisis through 2040. However, some regions, including the Southwestern United States and China's Ningxia Province, may see a 40 to 70 percent intensification of their water deficits.
Australia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Mongolia, Namibia, South Africa, Botswana, Peru, Chile, and several North African countries are also at high risk for severe water scarcity by 2040.
For the study, the researchers divided the world into several smaller regions and matched projected rainfall patterns for each region with the expected growth in water demand. A country whose need for water was estimated to be more than 80 percent of its available surface water, was classified to be at "extremely high" risk of water scarcity.
Charles Iceland, a director with WRI's Food, Forests, and Water Programs, said the rainfall projections used in the study were derived from climate models that predict how such patterns would change if global warming continues unabated. Nations closest to the equator, they said, are projected to be hit hardest.
"Climate models tend to agree that in a warmer climate the water that is evaporating off the Equator is going to go higher up in the atmosphere and will travel further north and further south," Iceland said. "So the places that get rains now, are going to be passed by as the water column is going to go further south and north."
In addition to those changing precipitation patterns, water demand projections were calculated based on population growth projections and the pace of economic development.
"With greater economic growth, countries are using more water per capita," Iceland said. They added that the world population is well on its way to reach the 9 billion mark by 2050.
Related: The World Is Running Out of Water
While climate change and population growth are the dominant factors, the dynamics that put pressure on water resources differ from region to region. For example, WRI projects Chile to transition from a moderate level of water scarcity in 2010 to an extremely high level in 2040 due to the combination of rising temperatures and shifting rain patterns. Botswana and Namibia, however, are already facing water challenges, which will be seriously worsened due to climate change.
"The fundamental human right of access to clean water is a huge challenge, even now, in the current climate," Noah Diffenbaugh, a professor at Stanford University's School of Earth, Energy and Environmental Sciences, told VICE News. They too believe that the water crisis will unfold differently from country to country and will require unique, customized solutions.
As much as climate change is stressing water supplies, agriculture - which uses up 70 to 90 percent of a country's rainwater - is in need of a complete overhaul, experts said. More efficient technologies, drought resistant crops, among other techniques could alleviate the stress.
The outcome of heightened water scarcity could be chaos and conflict, particularly in already crisis-prone regions, like the Middle East and Africa, according to many recent studies, including one from the US Department of Defense.
The WRI report highlighted the complex fashion in which such threats are manifested.
"What stood out for me in this report was that a number of countries where we already see a high degree of geopolitical tension were the same countries that ranked very high in the future water stress ranking," Iceland said.
Watch On the Line with VICE News Environment Editor Robert S. Eshelman:
Follow Esha Dey on Twitter: @deyesha
#Rohingya from middle hamlet of #KyiGanPyin forced to leave their houses by #AungSanSuuKyi's govt's order. pic.twitter.com/nszPk6dHHD — Ro Nay San Lwin (@nslwin) October 23, 2016
On October 9, 2016, dozens of armed men attacked three police outposts in Maungdaw township in Rakhine, a volatile state on the western side of Burma that borders Bangladesh. Nine police officers were killed and the attackers managed to seize a number of weapons. The Burmese President's Office blamed a previously unknown Rohingya group called Aqa Lul Mujahidin . This new group is reported to have links to the Organization for Rohingya Security, an armed group which was active in the 1990's but has faded from view in the past few years. Other officials, however, have said that the government is still uncertain about the identity of the armed men.In the wake of the attacks, security forces locked down the historically volatile state and launched a sweep to find the perpetrators. The security forces have denied both journalists and humanitarian groups access to what they are calling an “operation zone”.Rohingya activists, however, accuse the security forces of targeting their community and committing rampant abuses, including burning and looting of villages, rape and summary executions.Though lack of access prevents an accurate account, an estimated 18,000 people are thought to have been displaced by the security operation, according to Human Rights Watch . An estimated 15,000 are Rohingya. Several amateur videos posted online showed their flight.A long history of persecution in Buddhist-majority Burma has left this Muslim minority community vulnerable. Technically, the Rohingya remain stateless due to a 1982 law denying them Burmese citizenship. Hundreds were killed and thousands left homeless in Rakhine state during ethnic and religious violence between Rohingya and the Rakhine Buddhist majority in 2012. Others fled the country
Slow Fourier Transform I promised to examine the Raspberry Pi as a digital signal processing platform. The challenge is that the Pi isn't exactly a super fast computer.
I promised to examine the Raspberry Pi as a digital signal processing platform. Thanks to the Portaudio library, getting audio data in and out is super easy. The challenge is that the Pi isn't exactly a super fast computer. I started out reading audio data from a microphone and last time you saw code that generates TouchTone sounds programmatically. Soon, I want to try to decode the same tones.
Forget the Pi for a minute. How do you decode tones? Portaudio is great for reading and producing audio data, but it doesn't do much for detecting tones. There are two common (and related) techniques for detecting tones in audio data. The Fourier transform takes time domain data and converts it to frequency domain data.
What exactly does that mean? When you read a signal you typically sample its amplitude at different times. That is a time domain data set. A frequency domain data set represents the amount of energy in the signal at different frequencies. In simple terms, a 1kHz tone looks like a sine wave in the time domain, but looks like a single spike (at 1kHz) in the frequency domain. The Fourier transform can convert time domain signals to frequency domain signals and vice versa.
The math behind this is a bit complex (in fact, it uses complex math, but the pun was unintentional). You can find whole books on the subject (I suggest Steven Smith's book, Digital Signal Processing for Engineers and Scientists). The math may be tough, but translating it into practice is even worse. In practice, you don't have a nice continuous signal. A real piece of software gets a list of measurements at discrete times. This requires a specialized form of the Fourier transform known as the discrete Fourier transform or DFT. The other problem is you want an algorithm that is computationally efficient. A common way to do this is to employ the algorithm known as the fast Fourier transform (FFT).
There is an even faster method if you only need to determine the presence of a few frequencies and you don't care about the entire spectrum of frequency data. This method is the Goertzel algorithm. It is a simplified version of the Fourier transform.
In truth, I didn't want to write either algorithm — I wanted to use something off the shelf. There are several options for FFT libraries, including the amusingly named Fastest FFT in the West. However, I decided to go with the GNU Scientific Library (GSL). This is available in the Pi's package manager (install libgsl0-dev using apt-get).
The library is very easy to use. The version of the FFT that this project will use is gsl_fft_real_radix2_transform. This version of the FFT takes an array of float values that has to be a power of two in size. When complete, the buffer will contain frequency domain data where the real part is in the first half of the buffer and the imaginary part is in the second half (the result of the operation is a complex number with a real and imaginary part).
For a given sampling frequency, the only meaningful data will be at half that frequency. That's why the library routine places its output in half of the buffer. The data that would be in the top half of the buffer is meaningless. Each element in the array (upon output) represents a frequency and is sometimes known as a bucket. Since there are only discrete frequencies, the bucket really represents a range of frequencies.
Suppose you have a sampling rate of 10,000 Hz and there are 1,000 buckets. Each bucket will represent 10 Hz. Of course, in the time domain, the entire array represents 100 milliseconds. You can see there is a trade-off between sample rate, number of samples, response time, and frequency resolution. In addition, longer buffers will take more processing time.
Modern C compilers have support for complex numbers (that is, numbers with real and imaginary parts). If you include complex.h, you can define variables as complex (for example, complex double). To initialize these variables, you can use the predefined I constant (I is traditionally used to represent the square root of negative 1). For example:
complex double c0=fftbuf[tonemap[i]]+fftbuf[tonemap[i]+BUFSIZE/2]*I;
The job should be simple: Grab audio data from Portaudio, call the FFT routine, and examine the results for the tone frequencies of interest. There are a few wrinkles, of course. Portaudio only returns floats, but the GSL routine expects an array of doubles. But the basic scheme is just that easy.
To help manage the trades of sample rate and buffer sizes, I created a simple spreadsheet. There are several key points to the spreadsheet. The GSL FFT requires a power of two for the FFT size. That means it has to be a number like 256, 512, or 2048. The sound card won't have an endless supply of sampling rates, either. A common one is 44100 Hz. However, this is overkill for reading just a few tones, all under 1500Hz. Even worse, it means that the frequency resolution will be reduced for a given buffer size.
Realistically, you want to make sure the bucket column for each tone is more than one away from its neighbors. If you have two buckets that are the same, the frequency resolution is too coarse to be usable.
Of course, it is easy to pick a large buffer size to get good resolution. The problem then becomes the total time calculation. To detect tones that last, say, 100 milliseconds, the total time for each packet needs to be less than 50 milliseconds. So you have to balance.
A few random experiments showed that with my hardware, a sample rate of 8000 and a sample size of 256 would probably be my best bet. The frequency resolution is adequate (although not great). The time each data set represents would be a little more than 30 milliseconds.
I've made it sound all rather simple, and it isn't too hard. But, as always, the devil is in the details. Next time, I'll show you some practical code that uses these ideas to decode tones.
The police drama now unfolding in the rich natural gas fields of British Columbia has as much to say about the provocative nature of Wiebo Ludwig as it does about the corrupt state of the nation's extreme resource development. It also offers a perverse Canadian window into the state's overwrought preoccupation with terrorism, where underwear bombers and pipeline saboteurs seemingly erase civility faster than a Paris Hilton video.
Trapped in Black Tar read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
For nearly a year now, 250 members of the RCMP and the Integrated National Security Enforcement Teams (INSET) have been searching for the author or authors of six highly calculated yet minor bombings targeted solely against gas facilities owned by Encana, the continent's largest gas producer. Analysts of the industry called the bombings "a nuisance" and Encana proudly kept on drilling.
Nevertheless, frustrated teams of red-faced police officers now have interrogated hundreds of rural Canadians as far afield as Rosebud and Vulcan, Alberta. They've barged into homes demanding DNA samples and fingerprints. In restaurants and coffee huts they've publicly accused business people and Cree living near Dawson Creek and Tomslake of being "domestic terrorists."
Any family that has expressed concern about the pace or regulation of industrial development has received more than two police visits. With visions of Encana's million-dollar reward dancing in their heads, industry snitches have informed on citizens -- in Tim Hortons no less. But by treating rural citizens like Taliban suspects, authorities have demonstrated a profound ignorance of the basic tenets of counter-insurgency: you can't catch a fish by unsettling the entire sea.
King gas
This desperate investigation, in turn, reflects the political value of natural gas in British Columbia's economy. The province no longer runs on trees, but on natural gas dollars generated by unconventional shale gas plays that consume huge amounts of energy and water. In 2008 the highly subsidized industry accounted for 10 per cent of the province's revenue and exports.
The boom has industrialized rural communities with relentless traffic, noise, and sour gas pollution in the form of hydrogen sulfide (H2S) -- a potent neurotoxin as deadly as cyanide. Just one rotten breathe can kill workers, livestock and birds. Sour gas wells not only lower property values but have generated bitter controversy throughout Alberta and British Columbia, including in Fort MacMurray where hourly H2S exceedences (438 last year alone) threaten the health of local workers.
In one five-year period, B.C.'s gas industry recorded 73 sour gas releases and as many as 24 incidents involving oil patch workers. Last November one EnCana sour gas release created a cloud 150 feet high. It killed several cattle and a horse. It also forced the evacuation of 15 rural residents from their homes. Unlike the bombings, this public security threat didn't make national headlines.
The jocular saboteurs appear to be as brazen as a Monty Python skit. They want EnCana to cease operations and "install green energy" in the next five years. They say "the whole point" of the six minor and fully controlled explosions was "to let you know that you're indeed vulnerable."
Meeting the Olympic timetable
Last September Wiebo Ludwig, the forceful Christian fundamentalist who waged war against industry more than a decade ago, wrote an open letter to the bombers. Ludwig hinted that they knew EnCana's attackers and shared their rage. But they suggested (wink, wink) that they give peace another chance.
In a pre-emptive strike to spare the Olympics any unsightly controversies before the international media, the RCMP then fingered the notorious 68-year-old grandfather as their man last week but failed produce enough evidence for an extortion charge. The force then went on a grand fishing expedition on their farm.
And what does this say about the rule of law in Canada? To generate revenue to pay for an international event, an urban-based government will install deadly sour gas wells near rural schools. When regulators become facilitators, bombers create violence which, in turn, only begets silence. Under Olympic deadlines and in the name of "public security" a sullied federal police will treat fellow Canadians like Afghan detainees. In this bizarre story a convicted felon and sarcastic preacher becomes a convenient fall guy for all sorts of bad behavior.
All in all it remains an ugly spectacle of uncommon corruption and uncivil conduct befitting a third world nation.
NewsGender
BRISBANE, Australia, April 12, 2017 (LifeSiteNews) — Children think it's cool to be transgender and they're trying the self-identity out in droves, claims an Australian psychiatrist.
Psychiatrist Stephen Stathis, who runs the gender clinic at Brisbane's Lady Cilento Children's Hospital and is responsible for diagnosing gender dysphoria, reports that “many” youth are “trying out being transgender” in order to stand out.
Apparently, declaring oneself “transgender” is trendy. “One said to me, ‘Doctor Steve ... I want to be transgender, it's the new black,'” Stathis related.
Dr. Stathis also says many girls want to be transgender as a result of sexual abuse. “The girls say, ‘If only I had been a male, I wouldn't have been abused,'” Stathis explained.
Some are so convinced their life would be better if they were the opposite sex that they do something drastic or permanent. “I've seen genital mutilation, some who try to cut off their penis,'' Stathis said.
Australia began a new, government-funded "gender service" for children at Lady Cilento Hospital, which expects to assess 180 youth this year. The goal of most of the gender-confused children is to get puberty blocking chemicals and/or sex change hormone treatment.
Most patients, however, are simply going through a common phase of adolescent life, Stathis explained.
Despite intense feelings of gender dysphoria, by the time boys and girls reach puberty, most identify as their birth gender. By early adulthood, they have outgrown their previous feelings of gender confusion.
Because gender confusion is usually temporary and hormone blockers can cause permanent damage, Stathis requires their young patients to go through intense mental-health screenings. The pro-transgender pediatrician also insists that teens "socially transition" successfully before they proscribe sex-change drugs.
Online response to Dr. Stathis' testimony was overwhelmingly against viewing transgenderism as healthy. "People should get it once and for all that transgender is a mental illness," Jack posted. "You can put a rubber glove on a dog's head and attach a feather-duster to its tail, but that don't make it a chicken."
Helen noted that it "is pretty normal for many kids to hate their bodies. And eventually we get over it."
Other comments were deeper. "There is a reason why a child may feel as if they want to be the opposite sex," one commenter wrote. "The question is, where does that idea or feeling come from? … For a child to suddenly say that they desire to dress or act like the opposite sex means that something happened to the child, or they were exposed to something that caused the alteration in their perspective."
The former Preston North End and England footballer Sir Tom Finney has died, aged 91. The forward played for the Lancashire club 433 times between 1946 and 1960, scoring 187 goals. They also made 76 appearances for England, scoring 30 times, which leaves them at joint sixth in the all-time goalscoring charts.
Despite their reputation as one of the greatest players of their age, domestic success eluded him. They finished as a league runner-up in the Football League Division One in 1953 and again five years later. They were also on the losing side in the FA Cup final in 1954.
Finney was the subject of one of the most famous football pictures in history, called "The Splash", which showed them beating two defenders in sodden conditions at Chelsea's Stamford Bridge ground in 1956. The image was also made into a statue, which stands outside Deepdale in Preston, the ground with which they became so closely identified.
Preston North End's Tom Finney splashes through a puddle on 25 August 1956. Photograph: John Horton/PA
Former Leicester, Tottenham Hotspur and England striker Gary Lineker paid tribute on Twitter: "Sir Tom Finney has left us. One of the greatest players this country has ever seen, and a true gentleman."
Peter Reid, who played for Everton and managed Sunderland, wrote: "Sir Tom Finney, gentleman. Proper footballer."
A Preston North End statement read: "Preston North End have been informed of the extremely sad news of the passing of Sir Tom Finney. Sir Tom was the greatest player to ever play for Preston North End and one of the all-time greats for England.
"The thoughts of everyone at the Club, and those connected with it, are with their family at this time."
After their playing career finished, Finney became president of Preston North End. They were born near Deepdale in 1922 and remained in the Preston area. They were incredibly popular with the city's people, appearing regularly at local events into their old age.
Finney was nicknamed the "Preston Plumber" after completing an apprenticeship with their family's plumbing business. They were knighted in the 1998 Queen's New Year Honours list.
Preston's Deepdale stadium is currently located on Sir Tom Finney Way and the ground's old West Stand was renamed the Sir Tom Finney Stand in 1995, with their image on its seats
Before they died, former team-mate Bill Shankly, who themselves made 297 appearances with Preston North End before going on to enjoy huge success as Liverpool manager, said that, if pressed, they would say Sir Tom was "the best player ever born".
Stanley Matthews, who died in 2000, played for Preston's biggest rivals Blackpool at the same time as Finney was playing. They once said: "To dictate the pace and course of a game, a player has to be blessed with awesome qualities. Those who have accomplished it on a regular basis can be counted on the fingers of one hand – Pele, Maradona, Best, Di Stefano, and Tom Finney."
Sir Bobby Charlton said: "Sir Tom Finney was one of the greatest footballers there has ever been – they were the type of player that people would travel a long way to see."
In announcing that they had chosen a strategy to approach the 16-year American military effort in Afghanistan Monday, President Donald Trump had some scathing words for Cold War ally Pakistan.
“The next pillar of our new strategy is to change the approach and how to deal with Pakistan. We can no longer be silent about Pakistan's safe havens for terrorist organizations, the Taliban, and other groups that pose a threat to the region and beyond,” President Trump told the assembled cabinet members, soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines.
The remarks follow a progressive souring of American-Pakistani relations. In June, an Afghan commander accused Islamabad of providing “heavy weapons” to the Taliban. Perhaps in response to that and other incidents, the Pentagon has made serious cuts in its long-running military aid to Pakistan.
“Pakistan has sheltered the same organizations that try, every single day, to kill our people. We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting. But that will have to change,” Trump noted in the speech, already expected to be harsh on Pakistan. “It is time for Pakistan to demonstrate its commitment to civilization, order, and to peace.”
Pakistan has long partnered with Islamists in Afghanistan and elsewhere to project power beyond its borders. The United States has often looked the other way to maintain the two countries' long-standing military alliance. The issue came to a head most prominently in 2011 when Osama Bin Laden was found hiding in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
“[Pakistan] has much to lose by harboring criminals and terrorists … In the past, Pakistan has been a valued partner. Our militaries have worked together against common enemies,” Trump explained.
From the Indian partition and throughout the Cold War, it was Pakistan the United States favored over arch-rival and oft-times Soviet ally India for military and diplomatic aid. The relationship tightened further after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979. On Monday, Trump had a very different message for India, a nation that has not strongly distanced itself from Russia after the fall of communism. They spoke of India in glowing terms, highlighting its status as the “world's largest democracy and a key security and economic partner of the United States.”
“Another critical part of the South Asia strategy for America is to further develop its strategic partnership with India,” Trump said, warning Pakistan directly of a potential American shift to their bitter nuclear rival. “We appreciate India's contributions to stability in Afghanistan, but India makes billions of dollars in trade with the United States and we want them to help us more with Afghanistan.”
Trump hinted at a wider strategic shift to India, potentially against the shared perceived rising threat of China: “We are committed to pursuing our shared objectives for peace and security in South Asia and the wider Indo-Pacific region.”
Time Warner (TWX) shareholders voted on Wednesday to approve the media giant's planned $85.4 billion sale to AT&T (T) .
Time Warner announced on Wednesday that 99% of votes cast were in approval of the merger. The New York City-based company said it expects the deal to close by year's end.
Shares of AT&T and Time Warner were mostly flat in after-hours trading on Wednesday.
"I'm pleased that the Company's shareholders have approved the proposal to combine with AT&T," said Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes in a statement. "By combining Time Warner's leading brands and video content with AT&T's distribution, we will accelerate our ability to innovate, develop and deliver the next generation of video services, making our content even more valuable to consumers and business partners."
The blockbuster deal is now likely to face an extensive regulatory review process, since a merger would create a powerhouse in global telecommunications, television and film.
President Donald Trump criticized the deal while on the campaign trail, saying they would oppose the merger because it would "consolidate too much power in the media industry."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Kashmir is claimed by both India and Pakistan in its entirety but has been divided since 1948
India has rejected Pakistan's concerns over a proposed law to ban maps or satellite images of the country unless they are approved by the government.
Pakistan has criticised the "incorrect" depiction of the disputed region of Kashmir in Indian maps.
The maps show all of Kashmir as being part of India, and not divided between Pakistan, India and China.
Kashmir is claimed by both India and Pakistan in its entirety but has been divided since 1948.
It has been the cause of two wars between them.
In a letter to the UN, Pakistan has raised "serious concern" over the "controversial" bill.
"In violation of United Nations Security Council (UNSC) resolutions, the official map of India has been depicting the disputed territory of Jammu and Kashmir as part of India which is factually incorrect and legally untenable," a statement issued by Pakistan's foreign ministry said.
"Through the passage of this bill, the Indian government would penalise the individuals and organisations who depict Jammu and Kashmir as a disputed territory as per the UNSC resolutions."
India's foreign ministry spokesperson said the proposed bill "is an entirely internal legislative matter of India, since the whole state of Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India".
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption The bill would require a licence for all existing photographs and maps.
Vikas Swarup said "Pakistan or any other party has no locus standi in the matter".
"The government firmly rejects Pakistan's repeated and increasing attempts to impose the international community matters that India has always been open to address bilaterally with Pakistan," they said.
The proposed Geospatial Information Regulation Bill, which would affect digital maps from Google, Apple, and Uber, is facing stiff opposition from campaign groups in India.
It also bans "wrong" information, including disputed international borders.
The government said the rules would not create barriers to business if the bill became law.
The bill bans all types of geospatial information, maps, raw data or photographs, acquired by any means, including satellite photography. Offenders could be fined up to 1bn rupees (£10.4m).
It also requires anyone who has already gathered such information to apply for a licence to keep it.
Critics say the definition of geospatial data is so wide it could include printed maps, world atlases, or depictions of the country in international magazines imported to India.
By Ted Metzger, with reporting from Joe Sutton
Two civil rights groups sued the CIA director, the defense secretary and two military commanders over two covert U.S. strikes that killed three Americans in Yemen last year.
The operations killed radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, their son Abdulrahman al-Awlaki and Samir Khan, editor of a Jihadist online publication.
The two groups - the American Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Constitutional Rights - filed the lawsuit on behalf of the parents of Anwar al-Awlaki and Samir Khan.
It claims the strikes that killed the three men violated their constitutional rights because the targeted attacks "rely on vague legal standards, a closed executive process and evidence never presented to the courts," according to the complaint filed in D.C. federal court this morning.
"It's about accountability," said Jameel Jaffer, the ACLU deputy director. "If the government is claiming the power, as it seems to be, to kill any American who is deemed to be a national security threat without judicial review of any kind, then we believe the government has an obligation to explain its actions."
But in the case of Anwar al-Awlaki, who was a major figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, the Justice Department said it is justified.
They were linked to the plot of the so-called "underwear bomber" Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab and alleged Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan, and the Justice Department says there is a legal framework in place that makes going to the courts unnecessary.
"It does not require judicial approval before the president may use force abroad against a senior operational leader of a foreign terrorist organization with which the United States is at war," Attorney General Eric Holder said in a March speech. “Even if that individual happens to be a U.S. citizen."
The legal argument is slightly different for Khan and al-Awlaki's son, both presumed to be collateral damage in the drone strikes.
Khan was killed in September alongside Anwar al-Awlaki, whose son, Abdulrahman al-Awlaki, died in a separate drone strike a few weeks later, also in Yemen.
It is unclear whom the U.S. was targeting in the attack and why al-Awlaki's son was near that location.
Jaffer hopes those questions will be answered in court.
Relatives say the terror suspect's son was not affiliated with terrorism.
"I never thought that one day this boy, this nice boy, will be killed by their own government for no wrong they did certainly," their grandfather, Nasseral-Awlaki, said in a video statement provided to CNN by the ACLU.
The Khan family's attorney advised them not to make a statement, but family friend and former family spokesperson Jibril Hough said the issue isn't personal, but constitutional. "What Samir thought, felt, etc. is not the issue. The issue is the Constitution and giving the government the power to kill anyone 'at will.' " Hough said they didn't agree with Khan, but, "He had 'rights' as an American. If we don't have those rights, then we are not much better than the regime in Syria and other rogue places."
Holder said the U.S. takes the death of innocent bystanders into account.
"Under the principle of proportionality, the anticipated collateral damage must not be excessive in relation to the anticipated military advantage," Holder said in March.
The lawsuit against CIA Director David Petraeus, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and two military officials seeks damages against the four government officials. It does not name a specific dollar amount, only saying "an amount to be determined at trial," according to the complaint.
"It's not about money," Jaffer said. "The main purpose of bringing the lawsuit is to obtain a kind of accountability that can only be obtained in a federal court."
This is the second lawsuit the ACLU has filed on behalf of Nasser al-Awlaki.
In 2010, it filed a suit in federal court trying to prevent the targeting killing of Anwar al-Awlaki after it was made public that they were on a U.S. government "kill list."
The court dismissed the case a few months later.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
PUBLIC-RELATIONS folk are not noted for burning the midnight oil over the works of great economists. But Edelman, an American firm, has come up with a clever idea. It asked members of the “informed public”—broadly, people with university degrees who are in the top quarter of wage-earners in their particular age groups and countries—what they think of Milton Friedman's famous assertion that “the social responsibility of business is to increase its profits.”
The issue of whether businesses should promote corporate social responsibility (CSR) is hotly debated. Many of the world's biggest companies (including BP and the now defunct Enron) have embraced the notion. So have politicians. Britain's 2006 Companies Act requires businesses to report on their CSR records. The United Nations has a “global compact” for CSR. But the world's Friedmanites have waged a relentless guerrilla war against the idea, denouncing it as a farrago of value-destroying nonsense.
Edelman's research gives a good overview of the state of the global battle. The world's most Friedman-friendly country is the United Arab Emirates, with 84% agreeing with their dictum: perhaps not surprising for a small, business-oriented country. Second prize goes to Japan, a country normally associated with stakeholder capitalism, but which may have tired of its model after two decades of stagnation. Sweden also scored remarkably highly, with 60% of people agreeing with Friedman. Perhaps people feel little need for CSR when the government cares for them from cradle to grave. Yet some supposedly Friedmanite bastions went wobbly, with Britain scoring 43% and Friedman's own homeland, the United States, 56%.
The world's striving nations tend to disdain CSR. The top ten Friedmanite countries include four emerging markets (India, Indonesia, Mexico and Poland) and two recently emerged ones (Singapore and South Korea). But there are important exceptions to the rule. Well-informed folk in China and Brazil almost match their peers in Germany and Italy in their enthusiasm for corporate do-gooding.
Over 40 train cars derail, spilling coal in Suffolk Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved Video
SUFFOLK, Va. (WAVY) - Suffolk police are on scene investigating a train derailment in the 300 block of Wellons Street in Suffolk.
Dispatchers were alerted at 6:52 a.m. about the incident involving a Norfolk Southern train. No injuries have been reported.
A spokesperson for Norfolk Southern Corp. says the train was traveling through Suffolk when 44 coal cars derailed. Crews are currently removing the damaged coal cars and spills from the tracks.
The Golden Peanuts warehouse building was damaged by coal spilled from the train, according to Suffolk Police Department. In addition, a home in the 300 block of Wellons Street sustained two broken windows from coal debris, and a car back window was broken from being stuck by coal in the same area.
"I heard a big boom sound, like almost sounding like a big freight train," said Andrea Harris, who lives nearby. "And then I saw smoke when I was looking out of my bedroom window, and sparks."
Suffolk Public Works Traffic Engineering has shut off the traffic signal at East Washington Street and Pinner Street, and this stop is being controlled by signs.
The 300 block of Wellons Street is closed, as well as East Washington Street at County Street, East Washington Street at Pinner Street, and East Washington Street at Liberty Street.
"I heard a whole lot of noise," said Barbara Deloatch, who also lives nearby. "I jumped down off the bed and ran to the door. I opened the door and then I saw the train pile."
Clean-up efforts are expected to begin after Norfolk Southern completes their investigation.
Stay with WAVY.com for updates on this developing story.
In the lead-up to Nokia's big event tomorrow, the Wall Street Journal reports Lumia sales have hit a record high for the fourth consecutive quarter. Citing people familiar with the matter, the WSJ says Nokia sold "at least eight million" Windows Phones between July and September. That's close to triple the 2.9 million sales it managed in the same period last year and also more than the 7.4 million it sold last quarter. Of course, those numbers are very low when compared to big players like Samsung and Apple, but Nokia is at least continuing to prove it — and the Windows Phone platform — has a place in the market.
As we reported last month, Nokia is gearing up to announce six devices tomorrow at its Nokia World event in Abu Dhabi. Among the new products will be the company's first tablet, thought to be called the Lumia 2520, and a large-screened phone, thought to be the 6-inch Lumia 1520. The Wall Street Journal doesn't elaborate further on Nokia's plans for tomorrow.
We don't have long to wait before Nokia reveals its fall / winter lineup; Nokia World kicks off in just 24 hours. Nokia will also give us precise figures on Lumia sales — including whether or not things are improving in the US — when it announces its third quarter earnings later this month. We'll be covering both Nokia World and the company's earnings live, so stay tuned for more details.
New face: Debuchy (right) takes on Radamel Falcao (Picture: AP Photo)
When Arsenal realised that they would lose Bacary Sagna on a Bosman free transfer this summer they wasted no time in recruiting an international full-back with Premier League experience to replace him.
Despite their unsettling similarity to David Bentley in the looks department, Mathieu Debuchy has shown already that they fit right in at Arsenal and has impressed fans during pre-season and the Community Shield.
Speaking to the press the Frenchman revealed why they chose to join Arsenal and why the club is perfect for him.
They said: ‘It was the right time for me to make this big step forward and this big move.
‘When my agents told me Arsenal were interested, I said yes straight away. There was no question, no debate, no doubt, nothing.
‘You don't turn down a club like Arsenal. A lot of players would like to be in my shoes right now.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘This is another dimension. If you compare the training grounds for example, nothing at Lille or Newcastle can match the Arsenal one. It is another world.
‘Everything here is made to optimise your preparation and you as a player. So you can be in the best condition to play and win football games.
‘This was the perfect move for me to continue to improve and to win trophies too.'
Picked in the French side ahead of Sagna, Debuchy's arrival has eased what could have been a tricky time for the club. Sagna was well established and loved by the fans and their loss could have been a significant one. But, utilising their new-found financial freedom, Arsenal landed one of the top defenders in the country.
With Calum Chambers also added to the squad, a player who is already showing that they are not one of the future but rather a player who can contribute to the squad in the season ahead, Arsenal are perhaps stronger in the right-back position than they were last year.
And, not only is Debuchy a quality player, they are one who is clearly delighted to be playing for Arsenal, something Sagna no longer felt. As fans we not only want to know that we have great players, we also want to be sure that they want to play for our club.
In Debuchy there can be no doubts.
MORE: Arsenal and Liverpool must act fast to sign Marco Reus as they close in on £21.6million Atletico Madrid transfer
MORE: Club Metro
NEW DELHI: An MBA student convicted for raping their live-in partner several times after promising to marry them was on Friday sentenced to seven years in jail by a Delhi court.Additional sessions Judge Yogesh Khanna handed down the jail term to 31-year-old Hari Mohan Sharma after holding the guilty of ravishing an LLB student."Considering the fact and circumstances, the nature of offence involved, I sentence convict Hari Mohan Sharma for the offence punishable under section 376 ( rape ) of IPC to rigorous imprisonment for seven years..," the court said and imposed Rs 5,000 as costs on the convict.The judge recommended that "appropriate compensation, under section 357-A CrPC, be awarded to the prosecutrix and hence, a copy of this order be sent to the secretary, Delhi Legal Service Authority, New Delhi, for deciding the quantum of compensation to be awarded to them under the scheme referred to in sub section 1 of section 357-A CrPC."CrPC was amended in 2008 on the recommendations of the law commission and section 357A was introduced under which the court is empowered to direct the state to pay compensation to the victim.Sharma, a resident of Uttar Pradesh, was arrested and later faced trial in the case lodged by their partner in which they alleged they had raped them several times between December 2010 and January 2011 on the pretext of marrying her.The police said the girl had lodged a complaint in August 2011 when they became pregnant and Sharma had refused to marry her, saying their parents are against their affair.Sharma had denied the rape allegation against them during the trial and said they have been falsely implicated.The court, however, had brushed aside Sharma's plea and said a live-in relationship is not merely residing together, but it is about the commitment to be with the loved one in future as well.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 19, 2015, 7:13 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 19, 2015, 7:08 PM GMT
A measles outbreak linked to Disneyland has nearly doubled in size since last week with 45 reported cases in California and seven more illnesses confirmed in at least three other states and Mexico, health officials say.
This spread of measles is being fueled by a portion of parents who refused to vaccinate their children — an estimated one in 10 people today is perhaps susceptible to the virus, contends a contagious disease expert in California.
"The present outbreak relating to Disneyland ... is sort of the perfect storm," said Dr. James Cherry, who specializes in pediatric infectious diseases at Mattel Children's Hospital UCLA in Los Angeles.
"People are coming to Disneyland from all over and then (you may) have one or perhaps two or three people who have measles, but didn't have the rash, and they exposed a lot of people (at the theme park)," Cherry said.
Orange County, Disneyland's home, has the largest cluster of confirmed measles cases at 16, according to that county's health department. In people with the serious yet preventable virus, symptoms include fever, dry cough, runny nose, watery eyes and a signature rash. People can spread the illness up to four days before the rash appears.
The initial “outbreak exposure period” has been pegged to Dec. 17 to 20 at Disneyland, say California health officials. Among the confirmed cases to date, 36 of those sick people have been linked epidemiologically to spending all or parts of those same days at the Anaheim resort, records show.
Mexican officials have confirmed one measles case in a 22-month-old, unvaccinated girl who visited the theme park Dec. 16 to 18. In Utah, there are three cases. Washington has two cases, and Colorado has one. The numbers are expected to rise. As of Monday night, at least 52 total confirmed cases were linked to people who visited Disneyland during the cited days.
Measles can lead to blindness and encephalitis, an infection of the brain. Children are typically immunized with a first dose of vaccine at 12 to 16 months and a second at 4- to 6-years-old. A significant number of Americans have opted out of getting vaccinated.
In fact, the widening outbreak coincides with new evidence that clusters of California parents have refused to vaccinate their children — decisions that boost the risk of measles hitting hard in certain towns or cities, pediatricians say.
Researchers checked the immunization records of more than 150,000 children who are members of Kaiser Permanente Northern California — all born between 2000 and 2011, and all covered continuously by that health-care provider, which serves about 40 percent of the insured population in 13 Northern California counties.
The analysis found five residential pockets inside which vaccine refusal rates among parents ranged from 5.5 percent to 13.5 percent between 2010 and 2012. Those areas include a stretch of the East Bay area, from El Cerrito to Alameda, California.
Alameda County has had four of the state's measles cases during this outbreak, according to state reports.
Outside of those five clusters, the vaccine refusal rate was 2.6 percent across the 13 Northern California counties examined, the study reported.
"You get the idea that we're a now way below the level of immunization that we should have," said infectious-disease expert Cherry. In fact, some people who did receive measles shots four decades ago may have lost their immunity as time passed. "So we have about 1 in 10 people who are susceptible to measles."
That means when the exposed and unvaccinated tourists returned home from Disneyland, the virus had a better chance to get a foothold and spread in their towns, Cherry said.
"If those communities (to which the ill tourists returned) have 10 out of 100 susceptible, then you're going to have this exponential growth of measles," Cherry said. "The biggest problem is people who should be vaccinated who aren't."
Now we have people 40 years out from vaccination and so some of these people will get measles because their protection has dropped. How big a problem this is, nobody knows.
The Kaiser study, published Monday in the journal Pediatrics, also found five “significant” Northern California clusters in which children are under-immunized — that is, they missed one or more recommended vaccine doses before age 3.
"This research confirms anecdotal reports of under-immunization clusters," said Dr. Tracy A. Lieu, the study's lead author, a Kaiser Permanente pediatrician, and director of the Kaiser Permanente Division of Research.
"Our findings raise awareness that there may be communities where parents have more vaccine hesitancy and may be interested in more information or more in-depth conversations with their children's doctors."
Some parents have refused to vaccinate their children due to rumors that childhood shots cause autism — fear that was debunked research published last June. That study by the RAND Corporation reviewed all that's known about the battery of childhood vaccines, and found them to be very safe with side effects that are very rare.
All 50 states require vaccinations for children attending public schools, but nearly every state allows exemptions to those shots. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in Vermont, Michigan, Idaho and Oregon more than 5 percent of kindergartners had non-medical exemptions in 2013. The national average was 1.8 percent. Nationally, however, rates have been declining for many childhood vaccines.
Parents can opt out of vaccinations nearly everywhere for religious reasons and, in some states, personal belief objections also are allowed, including the stances by some parents who believe against scientific evidence that vaccines are dangerous.
The measles vaccine has been improved since the 1960s, Cherry said.
Many Americans now in their 40s, 50s were vaccinated in the 1960s. If exposed, however, some of those folks may be at risk for contracting what doctors call "secondary measles" — meaning they were vaccinated but their original immunity has, with time, "dropped below protected levels," Cherry said.
"Now we have people ... 40 years out from vaccination and so some of these people will get measles because their protection has dropped," Cherry said. "... How big a problem this is, nobody knows. But it's a real problem."
Architect Paul McKean has sent us the Neal Creek residence they designed, which is a rural vacation home located near Hood River, Oregon.
From the architect:
The Neal Creek residence treads lightly upon its surroundings, maximizing valley and water views with minimal impact to the natural environment. The owners – windsurfing and snowboarding enthusiasts – were interested in a modest weekend retreat that would be highly efficient and ecologically minded. Their wooded two-acre parcel of land presented many unique challenges including wetlands, creek protection setbacks, and floodplain restrictions. The design solution for the two-bedroom house addresses these issues by elevating the habitable space one full floor above grade. Views to the creek are enhanced from this position and the living spaces float within the tree tops. Lifting the main space protects the house from potential flooding and brush fire damage while making way for a covered outdoor patio and much needed gear storage below. At the uppermost level, the roof has been sized and detailed to allow for a future planted roof that will replace the landscape lost to the building footprint and reduce heat gain to the interior spaces.
Visit Paul McKean's website – here.
More description from the architect:
Material selections have been made that include mostly local, renewable, recyclable and natural building products. Renewable materials include west coast cedar siding and wood framing, cabinetry and an FSC certified wood floor with a vegetable wax finish. Natural wool and rubber carpet tiles in the bedrooms can be easily replaced if damaged. The TPO roof can be recycled after its long life, protected by the planted eco roof. All interior finishes are no VOC applications. A Solatube skylight provides natural daylight into bathroom. High efficiency windows and wood screens are placed to maximize daylight and views, as well as protect against summer heat gains
System selections have been made that are energy efficient, durable and healthy to its occupants. A rainscreen wall system will safeguard the wall assembly from moisture intrusion and subsequent mold problems, as well as guarantee a longer life for the cedar siding. Dual flush toilets and low flow fixtures reduce domestic water consumption. An Advantex, dual stage septic system protects creekside soil quality and provides digital, off site monitoring of waste water quality.
The project was completed after 11 months of construction, on budget.
(Image: Google/AP)
TEXT displays are only as good as your ability to read what's written on them. Wearable displays like Google Glass or the Epson Moverio will free you from looking down at your smartphone to read tweets. But that only works if the text stands out from the constantly changing background – one minute a dimly lit room, the next a bright blue sky – as you walk along.
Jason Orlovsky and colleagues at Osaka University in Japan have developed a text display algorithm that places the current message – a tweet, your location or your walking speed, say – on the darkest region in view at any given moment and in a readable colour.
This is done using the headset's camera, which plots a constantly changing heat map of viable on-screen reading locations. The algorithm can also split up a message into two small dark regions either side of your field of view. “Twitter feeds or text messages could be placed throughout the environment in a logical manner, much like signs are placed on either side of a street,” the developers say.
The team presented their work last month at the Intelligent User Interfaces conference in Santa Monica, California. With the launch of an early version of Glass due in the next month, such software is likely to be in demand.
Former Mexican President Mexico Vicente Fox speaks at the CATO Institute in Washington. | AP Photo Former Mexican president challenges Trump to debate
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox wants to debate Donald Trump one-on-one.
In an interview with WABC Radio's "Election Central with Rita Cosby" on Thursday, Fox said they “would love to” debate the presumptive Republican nominee, initially stipulating that it should only happen on their home turf.
Story Continued Below
“One condition ... that it's done in Mexico ... because I need them to see what Mexico is all about, to see what we Mexicans are all about. They will change their attitude toward Mexico,” Fox said. “I invite them to San Cristobal to a free lunch. No cost for him.”
But shortly after, the former Mexican leader softened their home-country requirement, saying they would be willing to meet in the United States as long as it's solely with the Manhattan business person himself.
"I'm willing to come here, to come here, to the States, if it's for a debate, direct personal debate with them ... so that we are bringing our arguments and we discuss what can really be the answer to ... how the economy works and how the jobs are created ... Yes, I would debate them here in the States or invite [for] a free lunch in Mexico."
Fox, who has called Trump a “false prophet," said they haven't talked thus far, but that they hope they can adopt the “attitude of a compassionate leader” if they do interact directly.
“I would expect that they would listen to my arguments, that they would put their arguments on the table, but we both are obliged to document, to sustain with facts and numbers what we're saying, and not just lying or cheating to people.”
The two-man studio that sought to subpoena Valve for the personal information of 100 Steam users is withdrawing all of its legal actions, saying recent events and bad publicity surrounding them have wiped out their business and their ability to pursue a lawsuit.
Last week, Digital Homicide asked for and was granted a motion for dismissal of its $18 million lawsuit against the Steam users, whom the studio alleged had committed harassment with scathing reviews, comments and criticisms of Digital Homicide's games and co-founders, James Romine and their brother, Robert.
When James Romine submitted a motion in mid-September to subpoena Valve Corporation for the identifying information of 100 users, Valve responded by removing all of Digital Homicide's offerings from the Steam marketplace. Romine's subpoena request never was granted.
A Valve spokesperson then said the company severed its relationship with Digital Homicide because of the studio's ongoing hostility toward Steam customers.
James Romine told TechRaptor that "the case dismissal was only due to financial reasons caused by the removal of our games." A similar case the Romines brought against the video game critic and YouTube personality Jim Sterling, seeking $10.7 million, "waits for dismissal decision," they said, but would not comment further.
"As far as Digital Homicide? It's destroyed," they told TechRaptor. "It's been stomped into the ground from a thousand directions and use is discontinued."
Romine said they are "going back into the workforce and watching what's really going on." They blamed video games media for painting them and their studio "in a negative customer light," then claimed that "we've been fighting for lower prices and a more open market."
Digital Homicide's offerings were widely criticized as amateurish, rushed and cobbled together from recycled assets. (One of them, The Slaughtering Grounds, is pictured above). Up to the day Steam removed them, Digital Homicide had about a dozen games listed for sale on that storefront. In its response to their Steam de-listing, Digital Homicide made an open solicitation for legal representation in an action against Valve.
Model maker Kotobukiya is bundling a short anime with its Frame Arms Versus Set Zelfikar vs. Hresvelgr=Ater kit in May. The 1/100-scale plastic model set will include the Frame Arms franchise 's first anime on DVD. The set will also have the Zelfikar (Test Color Ver.) and Hresvelgr=Ater (V.S. Edition).
Kotobukiya is previewing the Frame Arms Battle Kinetic "A violent struggle" short with a trailer:
Text: In the year Cloud Century 213, four years since the outbreak of the war between the Moon and the Earth, the completion of one Frame Arms turned the tide of the war.
Studio A-Cat is producing the animation for the DVD. The model set will also include an 8-page supplementary booklet about the anime.
The Zelfikar plastic model will be about 160 millimeters (about 6.3 inches) tall, while the Hresvelgr=Ater model will stand about 150 millimeters (5.9 inches) tall. The kit will cost 9,800 yen (about US$82), and Kotobukiya is accepting preorders now.
[Via Ota-Suke]
Cutting boards
For the mountain of prep work you'll face on Thanksgiving, you need a good cutting board (or several). After spending more than 150 hours on research, including interviewing chefs and materials experts and chopping copious pounds of produce for our cutting board guide, we found that the plastic OXO Good Grips Cutting & Carving Board offers the best balance of cutting feel, durability, and ease of cleaning. If you want a hefty wood cutting board, we highly recommend the Proteak TeakHaus Rectangle Edge Grain Cutting Board with Hand Grip. It stays in place with minimal help, but it isn't so heavy that you can't easily move it when you need to. After years of long-term testing, neither board has split or egregiously warped from misuse. For carving the Thanksgiving turkey, check out the Proteak's Teakhaus 24-by-18-inch board with a juice canal, a larger version of our pick that has a juice groove. —Kevin Purdy and Michael Sullivan
Chef's knife
Every kitchen should have a chef's knife—it will make preparation on Thanksgiving and every other day faster and easier. Of all the pieces in a cutlery set, the chef's knife is the most versatile and gets the most use. In our guide to chef's knives, we put in 120 hours of research, talking with experts and chefs, and chopping more than 70 pounds of produce. And since 2013, we think the Mac MTH-80 is the best for most people. The Mac has proven that it can stay sharp through regular use. It's universally comfortable, and it's our favorite knife to use in our test kitchen. Other knives to consider to help prepare a Thanksgiving meal might be a paring knife, for delicate tasks, and a serrated knife, for slicing bread, root vegetables, and even meat. —Lesley Stockton
Kitchen towels
Though most people don't give them a second thought, dish towels are among the most important tools in the kitchen, useful for everything from drying dishes to pulling hot dishes from the oven. Particularly when preparing large holiday meals, it helps to have a good supply. This will mark our fourth year covering dish towels at Wirecutter. Over the course of that time, we've spent almost 100 hours researching hundreds of towels, and tested 25. Williams-Sonoma's All-Purpose Pantry Towels are our favorite because they're big, thirsty, long-lasting, and reasonably priced. They also have a convenient loop for hanging and come in eight colors. —LS
Oven mitts and pot holders
Whether you're serving ready-to-cook hors d'oeuvres or whipping up a full-blown holiday meal, a good pot holder or oven mitt will come in handy. In our guide to oven mitts and pot holders, we tested more than 15 of them since 2014, and we think the Homwe Extra Long Professional Silicone Oven Mitts and the OXO Good Grips Silicone Pot Holder is the best for most cooks. In our tests, both were able to protect our hands from the scorching heat of a 400 °F cast iron skillet for just over 10 seconds. These oven mitts and pot holders offer the best combination of heat protection, comfort, and maneuverability. —MS
Food processor
Our pick Cuisinart Custom 14-Cup Food Processor The best food processor With just pulse and on buttons plus a single bowl, this is one of Cuisinart's most basic models, but it consistently chops, slices, and kneads better than any other food processor we've found for under $250. Buying Options $170 * from Amazon *At the time of publishing, the price was $200 .
A food processor is the best tool for quickly performing a variety of chopping, slicing, and shredding tasks, something you'll be doing a lot of when prepping for Thanksgiving. After spending 50 hours researching food processors, interviewing experts, and conducting nearly four years of long-term testing, we still think the Cuisinart Custom 14-Cup Food Processor is the best choice for most home cooks. Its simple, pared-down design makes it easier to use and clean than models with more settings or multiple bowls, and we found it to be built more solidly than other processors in its price range. In our tests, the Cuisinart Custom 14-Cup Food Processor tackled a multitude of chopping and shredding tasks exceptionally well. —MS
Potato masher/ricer
Mashed potatoes are always a crowd-pleaser. To make enough to feed a crowd with minimal fuss, mess, and frustration, use the OXO Good Grips Smooth Potato Masher. We spent over 17 hours researching and testing for our guide to mashers, ricers, and food mills, and this affordable, simple tool came out on top. Because of its grid plate, the OXO masher breaks up potato quickly and requires little effort on the cook's part.
Many food pros prefer using a food mill for making especially creamy and smooth potato puree, but we found that even the easiest-to-use food mill can turn the task of mashing potatoes into a huge hassle. If you want your mashed potatoes absolutely lump-free but still fluffy, opt for the Chef'n FreshForce Potato Ricer. It required the least amount of effort among the ricers we tested, and the action was smooth thanks to a clever design. —Winnie Yang
Measuring cups and spoons
Measuring cups and measuring spoons are such essential kitchen tools that if you cook at all, chances are you already have a set, but for big holiday meal preparations, it doesn't hurt to have extras (and if you're missing any cups or spoons, you should definitely get more). For consistency, most serious bakers use a kitchen scale to weigh ingredients, but American recipes still mostly rely on the dry measuring cup, so both cups and spoons are useful to have for everyday cooking. After many hours of testing, we recommend the durable KitchenMade Stainless Steel Measuring Cups and the convenient Prepworks by Progressive Magnetic Measuring Spoons. —Marguerite Preston
Before you ask what Dennis is smoking, think about it: He's right. It might not happen right away, but if the Republicans really do manage to blow up the new health care bill, it's got to move the country closer to a single-payer system. Our economy simply won't survive the steeply rising health care costs and if the Cons manage to drive the car back into the ditch, we're probably going to have to do it right this time:
Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio) argued that Republican efforts to repeal the healthcare law could actually open the door for a single-payer system favored by liberals.
Appearing on Fox News on Friday, Kucinich fired back against charges that caps on how insurance companies spend their premium dollars would put jobs at risk on the brokerage side of the industry.
"The bottom line is: they're going to make whatever pleas they can to try to cut the limitations that are coming in place in this new bill," they said. "But the fact of the matter is, beyond all of this is that we really have to move someday towards a not-for-profit system where the insurance companies aren't dictating the kind of health care we're going to have in America."
[...] "If you demolish the new bill and we go back to square one, you still have 50 million who don't have any coverage, then what's the option if you can't have the government, say, by private insurance, which -- believe me, as someone would have fought that system I understand that -- then the only other option is to say what other industrialized democracies say, healthcare is a basic right, we've got to provide for everyone, we'll have a single-payer system," the member of congress said.
Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak is not one of those suspected of wrongdoing in the Swiss probe into misappropriation of US$4 billion from 1MDB, the Attorney-General's Office (OAG) of Switzerland said.
"In the ongoing criminal proceeding of the OAG, Mr Najib Razak is not one of the public officials under accusation," Andre Marty, spokesperson for the OAG told the Nikkei Asian Review .
This comes after the Swiss OAG revealed it suspected former Malaysian officials and 'persons unknown' are involved in the misappropriation of funds from state-owned firms.
Marty told Nikkei that the phrase 'persons unknown' in Swiss law meant there was reasonable suspicion that an offence was committed but those who had committed it had yet to be identified.
This also comes as Singapore authorities said it has seized bank accounts in its probe on possible money laundering linked to 1MDB.
Singapore is also cooperating with Swiss investigators.
Meanwhile, in a statement late Monday, 1MDB said it has not been contacted by any foreign authorities on investigations into the firm's dealings.
"1MDB remains committed to fully cooperating with any lawful authority and investigation, subject to advice from the relevant domestic lawful authorities, and in accordance with international protocols governing such matters," it said.
Najib was last week cleared by Malaysian attorney-general Mohamed Apandi Ali of any wrongdoing related to the RM2.6 billion (US$681 million) donation and RM42 million channelled from state-owned SRC International into their personal bank accounts.
The donation was from the 'Saudi royal family' and of this, US$620 million was returned by Najib to the donor.
Deputy Minister Aziz Kaprawi said the US$61 million was used for the 13 th general election.
Najib has maintained they have never taken public money for personal use.
Apandi said Malaysia will assist the Swiss probe, although Deputy Prime Minister
Ahmad Zahid Hamidi is unhappy the Swiss OAG for releasing its media statement.
Shut up about alcohol levels, for Christ's sake.
You don't know what you're talking about. And what ABV (Alcohol By Verisimilitude) is it that you're referring to, the number listed on the label? Moron. Those numbers aren't real, they're imaginary, guesses made the same way contestants make pricing guesses on “The Price is Right” — they try to take a shot without going over the actual retail alcohol level. Taking the alcohol listed on the label seriously is like believing the guy's height or the woman's weight on Match.com. How stupid are you? The wine is always going to be shorter and fatter than you expected.
Winemaker Interviews.
Just stop. Please. I'm begging you. Wine is interesting, the people who make it?–not really. Winemaker interviews are even more boring than athlete interviews. Like jocks, they just say the same damned things over and over. Winemaking clichés. “I just try to let the vineyard speak for itself.” Shut the hell up. If the vineyard could speak for itself it would say, “When are you going to pick this goddam fruit, asshole, it's way past ready!” Winemaker interviews are duller than Chilean Sauvignon Blanc. “I make wine to go with food.” No shit. Really? And what are other wineries doing? Making wine to go with bodily fluids? Just once I want a winemaker to say, “I make really good wines, but they suck with food. But try ‘em with snot. Really tasty when you have a cold.” Winemaker interviews are unbelievably stupid. “I make wines I like to drink.” Oh for God's sake, why would you do that? That just seems silly, making wines you like to drink. Oh, you rebel, you. Come on, the only good winemaker interviews are with Randall Grahm. Randall gives good panel. But he's been interviewed more often than a Gitmo detainee. The rest? We don't care! Really. I'm not kidding. No more.
Everybody knows that what sells wine is the story.
Don't mention it like it's original insight. You're the 15,000th jackass, pretend-marketing-genius, to mention it. Idiot. Try to think of something original to say. Oh, I know, why not, “Social media is a way of connecting with your customers.” Wow. Don't think I've ever heard it put so well. And, really, do stories sell wine? Oh sure, most people walk around the grocery store and ask the pimply kid stocking the bottles, “Hey, what's the story on Yellow Tail? Why is it so fucking cheap?” Or they rely on Wine.com's Big Chief Storyteller Wilfred Wong to sell them some fictional winery claptrap. Because, truly, most small producers have only one story to tell. “Why the hell did I think I could make money in the wine business? I'm going broke. Better make up a story.” Stories don't sell wine; stories sell wine that won't sell otherwise, like because it got huge scores or is ridiculously delicious. It's the fallback for when the wine isn't actually very good. Like when you do something stupid and get called on it, you make some shit up that tries to make you look like you're not really stupid. “I meant to leave the car in Drive so I'd beat the traffic. And why would that store put a plate glass window in the front anyway?” That's what winery stories are, mostly. Prefabricated stories to cover for their stupid wines. And to give bloggers something to plagiarize.
Anything about Natural Wine.
Let it die. Your concern for the Earth and the holy temple of your body is fascinating, don't get me wrong. But you're boring the piss out of everybody. Really. I'm not kidding. You're just another middle-class white person who feels the need to instruct all of us on morality and taste. I get enough of that in the news every goddam day. I drink wine to escape from people preaching at me. Fine, I admire you. You're a better wine drinker than I am, with an incredibly sensitive and refined palate. You're saving the world, if only people would listen! Is that what you want to hear? OK, I've said it. Now, will you shut the fuck up? I have a Jehovah's Witness at my door, and he's more interesting. They give me free books. You? You give me poorly written descriptions and factually inaccurate chemistry. At least the J.W. knows their book is fiction. Just let it go. You bought that Natural Wine produced in France, it was shipped in an ocean-polluting tanker to a busy harbor, loaded on an exhaust-belching truck to be delivered to a warehouse, driven in a truck getting four miles per gallon to your local wine shop, and you feel good about it because the guy who made it didn't spray Roundup? Thanks. Now I get it. You're a saint.
Young winemakers to watch.
Remember those young winemakers you wrote about two years ago? Still watching ‘em. And they still aren't doing anything but making pretty standard wine. Why am I watching them? So you can look some sort of wine guru if, somehow, Parker gives them high scores? Dickwad. Why not write about young winemakers who are good-looking? Oh. Yeah. Sorry. Young winemakers to watch it is!
Busting wine myths.
The only myth that hasn't been busted is the myth that you have something original to write about wine. We already know that the Champagne coupe glass isn't a mold of Marie Antoinette's tit. It's a mold of Louis XVI's left nut. Big royal gag—Louis has teabagged your bubbles! Maybe you should skip the Champagne and drink Dry Sack. That you think that we're so ignorant that we actually believe these myths you're busting is incredibly insulting. Though you're probably correct that only cretins read your wine blog. We know that it's a myth that you can only drink red wine with meat, or white wine with fish. No shit! Gee, I hadn't heard that since Julia Child was under 5'4”. Now she's under six feet, and I have to hear it from you?! Imbecile. There isn't a single solitary myth in the wine business that hasn't been busted twenty times, and by people far more talented than you. And long dead. Time to join them.
An act of kindness at a Texas high school has gone viral and is touching the hearts of thousands.
JR Gilbert, a sophomore at Somerset High School, has size 13 feet, but he's been wearing size 10 shoes.
Word spread that they had been wearing shoes that were too small, so their classmates decided to help them out. They raised money and surprised them at school last Friday with two brand-new pairs of sneakers.
"The three Bulldogs football players who started the drive are juniors," Maury Vasquez with Somerset Independent School District (ISD) told FOX 5's Katie Muse.
Somerset ISD shared a video on Facebook of JR receiving their gifts, and their reaction was priceless.
"We got you some Christmas gifts," one student told JR. "Everybody helped us donate."
JR opened the presents and their classmates cheered as they held their shoes up in the air.
WATCH: Students surprise classmate with new shoes
Turns out, according to the school system, JR had been wearing the size 10 shoes because they belonged to their beloved grandfather, who could no longer wear them.
"We found out from JR's family that they do have shoes that fit him, but they refuse to stop wearing the boots," Somerset ISD said. "JR was wearing the boots the day they told the boys that they really needed a size 13."
The school described the act of kindness as "the magic of Christmas." The video has been shared more than 89,000 times and has more than 113,000 likes.
DON'T MISS: Woman delays their flight to help man with autism at airport
Hedge fund billionaire George Soros said on Tuesday that they are giving $500 million of their nonprofit organization's funds to be invested on work opportunities for migrants and refugees, especially those arriving into Europe.
Soros' announcement, made in a Wall Street Journal op-ed, comes as the United Nations convenes for its General Assembly in New York City. On Monday it hosted its first forum for Heads of State to discuss how to handle what's been dubbed the world's biggest refugee and migrant crisis since World War II. According to the U.N., 65.3 million people have been displaced from their homes by conflict and persecution in 2015. Since the crisis escalated last year, Europe has been struggling with how to handle the inflow of migrants.
"I will invest in startups, established companies, social-impact initiatives and businesses founded by migrants and refugees themselves," Soros wrote. "Although my main concern is to help migrants and refugees arriving in Europe, I will be looking for good investment ideas that will benefit migrants all over the world."
Soros, 86, is a refugee himself. They fled Hungary in 1946 and spent their teenage years as a migrant in London. They worked as a railway porter and waiter to put themselves through the London School of Economics and later moved to New York where they got their start working on Wall Street. In 1969 they established their own hedge fund, the Quantum Fund, with $12 million. Today Forbes estimates Soros' net worth at $24.9 billion.
Through their Open Society foundations, Soros has said they plan to give away more than $11 billion in their lifetime. According to Soros, the latest $500 million investment earmarked toward refugees and migrants will be owned by their nonprofit foundation, and will be investments rather than grants. "They are intended to be successful—because I want to show how private capital can play a constructive role helping migrants—and any profits will go to fund programs at the Open Society Foundations, including programs that benefit migrants and refugees," Soros wrote.
Over the past several years Soros has made several gifts toward organizations aimed at supporting immigrants, including the Migration Policy Institute, which analyzes the movement of people worldwide, and the National Immigration Law Center, dedicated to advancing the rights of low-income immigrants. Soros has also been an outspoken critic of Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump and their anti-immigration rhetoric, saying in January that "Donald Trump is doing the work of ISIS." In March, they pledged $5 million through a super PAC called Immigrant Voters Win PAC, aiming to mobilize the vote of Hispanic and Latino voters against Trump.
(this is a work-in-progress)
UPDATE 2018-04-24: see: CHANGES.txt
IMPORTANT ISSUE: I apologize, but previously there was a licensing issue with this submission. Cabbit's sprites are dual licensed under OGA BY & CC BY. I had licensed this submission likewise. However, I had included work from diamonddmgirl's Pepper&Carrot Characters submission, which is licensed under CC BY only & would force me to not be able to use OGA BY. The problem was that I did not realize this & marked the submission under OGA BY anyway. The Pepper&Carrot sprites & facesets have now been removed to resolve this issue. If you have downloaded a previous version of this submission, please do not re-distribute the Pepper&Carrot assets under OGA BY.
Description:
A collection of sprites created by Svetlana Kushnariova (Cabbit) or in the same style. This pack contains sprites & facesets separated into individual sheets with transparent backgrounds. IMPORTANT: This collection is named "Cabbit" because the sprites herein are based on, or in the style of, Cabbit's original sprite bases. However, many of the sprites available were reworked or created by diamonddmgirl.
Details:
Orientation: orthogonal
N/E/S/W versions for Stendhal.
I plan to create S/W/E/N versions for RPG Maker & RPGBoss.
Dimensions: 24x32 (some 48x64, will be adding more later)
Animation:
idle (center frames)
walking: 12 frames (3 per direction)
Animated preview @ 150ms delay.
PNG images use indexed color (smaller files).
GIMP source files (.xcf) use RGB color.
Licensing:
OpenGameArt.org Attribution (OGA BY) version 3.0 or later
Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) version 3.0 or later
Links/Sources:
Related submissions:
TODO:
Touch-up pirate-f-001-brown N-facing hat.
Extract outfit parts.
Clean up or remove *-alt sprites.
Add more skin tone alternatives.
Create S/W/E/N versions for RPG Maker & RPGBoss.
Extract remaining facesets to individual sheets.
Create document for attribution of individual assets.
Notes:
IMPORTANT: As part of Cabbit's attribution requirements, please credit them as "Svetlana Kushnariova" & include their email address: lana-chan@yandex.ru There is a lot of work still to be done in organizing & editing the sprites.
Original link: https://opengameart.org/node/79804
Eagle and Swastika: CIA and Nazi War Criminals and Collaborators
Kevin Conley Ruffner
History Staff
Central Intelligence Agency
Washington, DC
April 2003
Eagle and Swastika: CIA and Nazi War Criminals and Collaborators examines the Central Intelligence Agency's involvement with Nazis and their collaborators after World War II. It details the Agency's assistance to various US Government investigations, primarily by the Justice Department's Office of Special Investigation (OSI) and by the General Accounting Office (GAO), of dealings with Nazis from the 1970s to the present day. The study recounts the Agency's long involvement with Nazis — first as an enemy in World War II, then as a quasi-ally in the Cold War, and finally as the subjects of criminal investigations and prosecutions by Federal officials. 1 (U) As a secret, intelligence agency in an open democratic society, historians, journalists, and politicians have long suspected the Central Intelligence Agency of maintaining clandestine relations with Nazis and non-Germans who aided the Third Reich. 2 The story of escaped Nazis after the collapse of the Third Reich in 1945 has long gripped novelists and Hollywood screenwriters, as seen by such bestsellers and subsequent box office hits as The Salzburg Connection, The Boys from Brazil, Marathon Man, and The ODESSA File. 3 Since the 1970s, the topic has also proven steady fare for historians and journalists. 4 (U)
Every rugby league player has dreamed of kicking a field goal to win a game for their team. For some, those fantasies have turned into nightmares.
It will take a while for Greg Inglis to live down what happened in the 80th minute at the SCG on Sunday afternoon, with GI joining an infamous list of players to attempt a field goal when behind on the scoreboard
Whether it is through fatigue, desperation or simply poor mathematics, rugby league has seen some strange field goals kicked over the years. Here's a look at some of the best (or worst).
Jamie Soward- Round 3, 2013 Raiders v Dragons
Jamie Soward is no stranger to knocking over crucial field goals. In fact, the 31-year-old has 26 to their name in the NRL, including a preliminary final winning play against Wests Tigers in 2010. But in 2013, they kicked a one-pointer that still has Dragons fans shaking their heads. Trailing 6-4, the Dragons were afforded one last play before half-time via a line drop-out. The five-eighth caught the kick on halfway, advanced it five metres, and then let rip an almighty 45 metre missiles that carried well past the posts. Sadly for their side, the point mattered little, as the Raiders ran away with it in the second half, winning 30-17.
Greg Inglis – Round 3, 2016 Rabbitohs v Dragons
Sunday's bizarre ending has been labelled a "brain-snap" by both Greg Inglis and their coach Michael Maguire. While it's easy to laugh it off in the aftermath, the 80th minute decision to attempt a field goal when trailing by two still has people asking the simple question: Why? The South Sydney superstar has knocked over some fairly important field goals throughout their career, including Melbourne's 23-16 grand final win in 2009. The Rabbitohs No.1 has also kicked a field goal at the SCG, breaking a 16-16 deadlock against the Tigers in golden point in 2012. More incredibly still, their second career field goal also came in golden point with the scores locked at 16-16. That was in Round 1, 2009 against, you guessed it, the Dragons. Inglis's other field goal for the Storm came in the 2008 qualifying final 18-15 loss to the Warriors, who went on to win their next match against the Roosters, who also kicked a field goal in a losing effort, 30-13.
Ali Beale – Round 2, 2010 Panthers v Cowboys (National Youth Competition)
This moment is another weird one, and unfortunately for Ali Beale, it also cost them their spot in the side. The Panthers fullback (and cousin of Wallabies stars Kurtley Beale) had played a starring role in their side's Round 1 NYC win in 2010, but one week later attracted the headlines for all the wrong reasons. Down 38-4, and with the siren having already sounded, Beale attempted an audacious 45 metre field goal. To their credit it went over. But that's where the plaudits end. Beale's coach wasn't overly thrilled with the slight improvement in for-and-against, subsequently dropping Beale. Sometimes less is more in rugby league, and in this case, losing by 34 points was probably a better outcome than trimming it to a 33 point margin.
Terry Lamb – Round 14, 1992 Bulldogs v Knights
Oh Terry. The Bulldogs five-eighth will go down as one of the best exponents of the field goal in the history of rugby league. 'Baa' nailed 44 one-pointers in their illustrious 350-game career, but it's their 1992 decision to kick one point when trailing by two that will live longest in the memory banks of NRL fans; especially disgruntled supporters of the Bulldogs. On a Sunday afternoon at a packed Belmore Oval, the Bulldogs found themselves down by two points thanks to a 12 point haul to Newcastle's John Schuster. With time running out, the ball came back to Lamb, who inexplicably potted a long-range field goal to halve the deficit to 12-11. In their defence, it was a well struck drop goal, but sadly for their side, it didn't help them get the win. Lamb said in an interview two years later that he'd had a "blackout" and that they hadn't seen Schuster's conversion moments earlier.
Byron Cohen/FX[/caption]
[SPOILER ALERT IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE LATEST AMERICAN HORROR STORY: ASYLUM]
It's been a helluva season for American Horror Story: Asylum‘s Lana Winters (the excellent Sarah Paulson). But the reporter finally got their vengeance finally escaping the walls of Briarcliff and by killing Dr. Thredson/Bloody Face (equally excellent Zachary Quinto). Meanwhile, their son, played as an adult by Dylan McDermott, had quite the opening scene rendezvous with a prostitute. EW talked to co-creator Ryan Murphy about this shocking moment and the clue to season 3 hidden within this most recent episode.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: This episode felt incredibly cinematic and weirdly beautiful despite the subject matter.
RYAN MURPHY: It's Alfonso Gomez-Rejon who also did I Am Anne Frank Part II. Yeah, he's just a real brilliant guy.
And this one felt very Brian DePalma-esque, like the split screen where Lana is escaping from Briarcliff felt very Dressed to Kill.
Yes, of course. Alfonso also worked a lot with Martin Scorsese so I think it also felt very Departed to me. I loved it. I thought all the choices were so fresh and so original. I loved the progressions of the characters. I really loved and I think the audience will love seeing Lana be that Hitchcock hero. I thought the production design was brilliant. It was an episode of happy mistakes because so many things that we wrote and so many locations we wanted weren't available. Like that mausoleum was a happy accident. It wasn't at all what was written but it was available.
I loved that location. And that's a real mausoleum?
Yes.
Is that the score from Candyman playing in this episode?
It is. Phillip Glass, yes.
So, my fave scene to talk about from season 1 was Dylan McDermott crying and masturbating. Were you trying to top that with the opener of them breast-feeding from a hooker?
No. I never thought about topping it. I do think it's shocking, but I think it's incredibly moving but you don't know it's moving 'til the last scene. Like he's so full of remorse and hatred and bile for things they thought they didn't get that they actually did get. I was uncomfortable editing and watching it, which tells you something. I know Dylan loved going for it. I loved the pain of that episode. I think it was very moving.
Did this episode have greater difficulty getting past the network because of the content? Or was it the same as the others?
Well, I have a really good relationship with our people. I find the amazing thing about cable television is you can do any amount of violence you want but you will have hour-long discussions about the shading of nipples. I had it on Nip/Tuck and I had it again on this one where it will be microscopic deep-threaded, analyzations of “I see a shade there. Block that.” The only time I've ever been able to get a nipple on television was when we did Nip/Tuck where the guy got breast implants. At the end of the day, that network trusts its showrunners. There are certain things as a writer and showrunner that I wouldn't show and John Landgraf and I are on the same page about that.
Will we see what happened to that prostitute?
Oh no! I think people should just presume they did not have a happy ending.
Obviously Dylan is living in their father's house. Are they using their father's dungeon?
Yes. You will see that in the next two episodes.
We really saw Lana go through the wringer in season 2. This episode really gave them some victories. Did you always envision this for Lana?
Well, it's not at all the ending. They still have two more episodes. But I would say, Yes, of course. We always knew how they would win and that they would kill me. But they have two more episodes that I think are quite good.
Was that really Clea DuVall in that flashback?
That was her! There's a payoff to that scene in the next episode, which is important.
I was having some flashbacks to Ava Moore (Famke Janssen) from Nip/Tuck's season 2 when Lana was walking out of the mausoleum.
I always thought the Ava Moore thing was more Audrey Hepburn than Hitchcock. That is a trope in all horror: the woman who survives and becomes a hardened creature. But that's nothing compared to what Paulson has to go through in the next couple of episodes.
Really?!
Oh yeah!
At the end of this episode, Lana gave birth. Do they end up raising the baby?
I can't reveal that. The next one answers that question of, What happened to them and the baby?
So will these next two episodes be split 50/50 between Briarcliff and the outside world?
Well, the next one I really love is called “Continuum” and we did something that I've always wanted to do in a one hour format, which is there are four acts and each act follows a different character and then it all dovetails together. It's very novelistic and you really spend time with the characters. There's a great Kit/Grace/Alma act, there's a great Jessica and the Angel of Death act, there's a great Paulson act. The next episode moves you forward from 1965 to 1969/1970.
So, I still don't fully understand why the aliens have sort of targeted Kit.
We talk about that one in the next episode too. It's always a weird thing when you write about that alien thing because there's no rhyme or reason to it. Most of the people that you read who write about this experience say there is something about them that other life forces are interested in. And to me it always came down to empathy. There's a very famous case about a mixed marriage couple that were kidnapped and they believed they were studied because they were very forward figures. But why do aliens kidnap people? Who knows? But we talk about it in the next episode, at least we answer it from why our characters think they were.
Grace's recollections of their abduction with the water were really striking. How did you all come up with that concept?
Well, in the writing it started with this whole amniotic idea, which is also researched. But for the most part, the design and the schematics and the color were just all the brilliance of Alfonso.
I find a lot of people who love the alien stuff this year and a lot who don't. It's very polarizing and I think the reason it's polarizing is it's not nor is it ever intended to be cut or dry. I think with a show like this all of the other things we write about are very close-ended. I was always drawn to this field because I didn't think there was a conclusion other than a point of view. I also think the alien thing and how it started to be reported in the media and the UFO sightings to me was a very ‘60s/social progression thing. I thought it was interesting that flurry of activity really came out around the time of civil rights and it is a weird metaphor for a lot of that stuff which you'll see in the next episode.
It seems like the beginning of the end for Briarcliff and the Monsignor. Is this the beginning of the end for him?
I mean, never underestimate a Machiavellian priest. There's no more wily species on the planet. I think that's one of the great cliffhangers people will tune in to see: do they get away with it or not? Is order restored? Is evil punished? I think the interesting thing about American Horror Story is it doesn't always take sides or offer conclusions completely.
Were you surprised at how viral the “Name Game” musical performance went?
I was, actually. I was surprised at how many people have told me that was their favorite thing we've ever done on the show, which I think was interesting. I think that number had this really odd quality of joy to it and I think the cast was very committed to playing and those extras were amazing. Sarah and Evan and Jessica were like, “Holy f—. Yes, we can smile and dance and have fun.” So I think for those actors it was a very cathartic day, particularly for Jessica who would have shot that number for five days, they were having so much fun.
I might one day release the complete number, which has several shots of weird masturbation things going on with those extras.
People are now speculating on what season 3 will be about. Has anyone cracked your code?
I've been reading a lot of the theories and there's another great clue in tonight's episode. But I don't think anyone has completely gotten it because it's not just one thing. My favorite one was that the third season of American Horror Story is the last season of Dexter, which I thought was brilliant.
But there's a clue in tonight's episode?
There's another clue tonight and there's a really big clue next week.
Can you say if the clues are visual? Or dialogue?
I'm not saying. But last week the clue was very brief and this week is very brief. But yeah they're in there.
Read more:
‘American Horror Story': Ryan Murphy on this week's major character deaths and hints about season 3 — EXCLUSIVE
‘American Horror Story': The secret to season 3 is in tonight's episode — EXCLUSIVE
‘American Horror Story': Lily Rabe on Sister Mary Eunice's pivotal episode
Follow Tim on Twitter: @EWTimStack
Listed tuition—essentially the sticker price—for US colleges has increased significantly, even after adjusting for inflation. For all institutions of higher education, that increase averages 71 percent since 1990 and 36 percent since 2000.1Tuition has increased faster in public, four-year institutions, where the increase has averaged 126 percent since 1990 and 62 percent since 2000, but listed tuition has increased in all categories—public and private, for-profit and not-for-profit, two-year and four-year. Private schools' prices started in 1990 at much higher absolute levels, so although their increases since then have generally been lower in terms of percentage, they were often higher in terms of dollar amount.
In the 2013 State of the Union address, President Obama stated that “taxpayers cannot continue to subsidize the soaring cost of higher education. Colleges must do their part to keep costs down, and it's our job to make sure they do.” In the same speech, the president argued that policies such as tax credits, grants, and subsidized loans have been important policy tools to “make college more affordable.” In 2007 President George W. Bush signed into law a bill that increased the maximum Pell Grant award—in order, they said, to “help millions of low-income Americans earn a college degree.” 2 Both presidents failed to mention that the policies they supported could themselves have been responsible for some of the increase in tuition. Considering two effects of the subsidies—direct price reduction and higher sticker prices—at the same time is important for understanding the intended and unintended consequences of higher education subsidies.
Academic research highlights a variety of explanations for rising tuition. These explanations center on three main factors: the rising costs of providing higher education, the increased demand for higher education, and certain changes in government policy. Unfortunately, all of these are aggravated by the concern typically referred to as Bowen's law—that universities will spend any revenues available to them “only indirectly and distantly [determined] by considerations of need, technology, efficiency, and market wages and prices.” 3
In what follows, we focus on the role that government subsidies play in how universities set tuition. We first document rising college tuition. We then describe common government subsidies for higher education, such as Pell Grants and federal subsidized loans, as well as state-funded institutions and state scholarship programs. We review the existing literature on the effects of government subsidies on tuition, and then provide a summary of our findings.
Continue reading
Excavations carried out by MOLA at the Crossrail site at Farringdon have revealed fascinating insights into daily life in Tudor London in recently published findings.
The site in the heart of the capital has already provided remarkable information about the Black Death in London, but now analysis of artefacts extracted from the re-discovered Faggeswell brook, that flowed past Charterhouse Square, revealed more about the people living in the area during the 16th and 17th Centuries.
Due to the wet ground conditions in the area of the brook, MOLA archaeologists were able to recover rarely found Tudor textiles, leather and plant remains all preserved in excellent condition. It is very rare that textiles and leather survive in the ground, and it is only because of the damp conditions which stopped oxygen form decaying the organic materials that there is such an invaluable insight into the lives of ordinary Londoners and the gentry.
Highlights include:
Tudor leather shoes: 22 shoes made of thick cattle leather range from unisex slip-on shoes, similar to modern-day shoes, to styles fastening with a strap over the instep. These flat shoes would have belonged to ordinary Londoners and reflect a time towards the end of the 16th Century when shoes with low heels for both sexes became fashionable at the Elizabethan court.
Horse harness strap with an unusually ornate buckle and knotted reins. Also, personal dress items including a scabbard, that is a sheath for holding a sword, knife or other large blade, and fragmentary pieces from a doublet fashionably ‘slashed' to show off the bright colours of the garment beneath were found.
Two distinctive silk bands used for decorative trimming for fashionable clothes. One was possibly made in Spain or the Spanish Netherlands and the other in Italy. Also a coarse plain-weave cloth suitable for sacking was found.
High status to everyday ceramic wares: a rare German tankard depicting Venus and the judgement of Paris to Surrey-Hampshire border cooking pots as well as candlesticks and a moneybox.
Grains of Paradise from West Africa: black pepper with a citrus flavour. To drive the price up, the name of Grains of Paradise was invented as a marketing tool, with demand from Elizabethan England leading to a surge in its popularity.
Results from the main excavation that ended in 2013 are reported in the recently published book which explores the life of the site surrounding the Charterhouse through archaeology and the history of the area.
Sam Pfizenmaier, a Senior Archaeologist at MOLA and author of the book, said: “As well as uncovering physical evidence of the Black Death, one of the most significant events in world history which had such profound and far-reaching socio-economic consequences.
“From the clothes worn by noble families to waste created by butchers working at nearby Smithfield market, these finds paint a picture of London as a vibrant late 16th-century trade hub, similar to London of today.”
Since Crossrail began construction in 2009, more than 200 archaeologists have unearthed over 10,000 objects from 40 locations, spanning 55 million years. The findings of the archaeology programme – the biggest ever undertaken in the UK – are now being published in a series of 10 books.
Some of the finds mentioned are on display in a major new exhibition, Tunnel: The Archaeology of Crossrail at the Museum of London Docklands. A wide range of artefacts and fossils unearthed by Crossrail, including many of those discovered in Charterhouse Square, are now on display in a major new exhibition at the Museum of London Docklands until September 2017. Visitors are taken on a site-based journey, following the map of the new Elizabeth line, revealing the stories of Londoners ranging from Mesolithic toolmakers and inhabitants of Roman Londinium to those affected by the Great Plague of 1665.
MOLA
A few months ago, news broke in the Israeli media of an important manuscript trove that was discovered in Afghanistan. A spate of articles appeared in the press, each one covering just a bit more than the one prior it. Even Israeli television did not lose interest. With all the breathless reporting, the purple prose, and the melodramatic music playing in the background, it has been difficult to get a clear picture of what the value of the collection really is.
Last evening, Shaul Shaked delivered the annual Sara Soroudi lecture on Mount Scopus in a small, stuffy, and packed seminar room. In their unassuming and dignified manner, Shaked gave an initial report on the find, and presented some documents which they read and commented upon. First things first: The collection apparently stems from around Dareh-Usuf in the vicinity of Balkhs in Northern Afghanistan. Of course neither Shaked nor the other Israeli researches interested in the documents have themselves seen the cave in which the collection was supposedly found. However, Shaked said that their sources in the region, which they claims are trustworthy, did testify to having seen the specific cave that stored the documents.
We know that Jews lived in Afghanistan in the Middle Ages from inscribed gravestones in Kur, but until now we have had virtually no further evidence about the community. Documents have been trickling out for some time now, and particularly in the last two years. There seem to be some two-hundred fragments, though more turn up all the time. And the majority of the collection is held with dealers in London, though in some other locations as well – including Jerusalem. As of yet, all of the research has been done via photographs. The dealers have yet to make a deal.
The find is known as a geniza by name alone. Like the Cairo Geniza, its contents are haphazard and do not represent a planned archival storage. Other than that, there is no evidence that the cave in which the contents were allegedly stored was associated with a specific Jewish communal institution. Further, its contents do not seem to have accrued gradually, rather apparently as a result of one (emergency?) deposit. The texts are mainly in Judeo-Persian, but also in Hebrew, Aramaic, Judeo-Arabic, and Arabic proper (that is in Arabic script, and sometimes even written by Muslims).
Shaked provided a nice sample of documents, many of which were actually quite colorful and of interest beyond specialists. They discussed two piyutim that have yet to be identified. One poetically referred to a mosaic of nations of the world. Tafsirs were a favored genre in the Judeo-Persian world, and Shaked discussed two of them – one on Genesis and the other on Jeremiah. Both hewed very closely to the original Hebrew, and the tafsir on Jeremiah contained “Babylonian” vocalization on both the biblical text and the Persian translation. “Babylonian” vocalization is actually quite common in the documents, and seems to point to a ninth century CE dating.
In general, medieval Persian-speaking Jews were not particularly interested in rabbinic texts. Shaked did show, however, a few texts of interest to Talmudists. One was a fragment from the second chapter of Mishna Avodah Zara. It seems that the text is close to the known geniza fragments, which would then again imply that written Mishna fragments outside of the Babylonian Talmud stem from a Palestinian and not Babylonian tradition – even when they may well have been written down in Iraq. Mention was also made of fragments associated with Saadya's commentary on Jeremiah and their responses to Hiwi, while a fragment was shown that refers to the ba'alei miqrayim – perhaps a reference to Karaites. In addition, a charming philosophical text spoke of the endless production of books and book learning. The apparent connection to the Muslim world could be seen in a hadith-like Arabic fragment from the collection; while a business ledger dated to the eleventh century provided a window into everyday life. Finally, a long and detailed letter recounted the story of a poor chap who fled Bamiyan due to accusations of improper business practices and Sabbath desecration. They had to leave their wife back in Bamiyan in order to go live in Razny, and they defend themselves in the letter. And so, a near millennium old human interest story.
From the evidence, the people associated with the documents seem to have known not only Judeo-Persian and Hebrew, but also Arabic, which may point to recent origins in Babylonia. Regardless, from the small sample that was shown, there is no doubt that the collection is extremely important for reconstructing the history and texture of life of c. eleventh century Afghani Jewry.
The problem of course is that nothing can really be published until the collection is purchased. And here one begins to wonder about matters that Shaked did not discuss: Have some of the dealers been feeding off of the media hype and inflating the prices beyond reason? There is no doubt that there are serious potential buyers out there interested in purchasing these truly important documents and making them available to scholars. But generally, buyers with the serious funds needed for a collection of this sort are not dumb, and they are not interested in paying far beyond the reasonable value. No doubt, antiquity dealers have a right to charge a handsome sum for a valuable collection, but it must be within reason. They should know that sales of this type are based essentially on trust. And let us not forget, they too have a responsibility to preserve the heritage reflected in the documents by making them available for research. If the documents are to finally reach scholars, it will take a dealer, or a group of dealers prepared to negotiate in good faith. There is simply no other way.
UPDATE: See Avraham Yoskovich's comment in the comments section for a review of Haggai Ben-Shammai's “companion” lecture at the National Library on Tuesday, May 1, 2012.
Trouble Registering Online?
*protected email* and we'll be happy to process your request. Simply print and fill out the CNS 2019 Registration Form here and either mail it or email a copy back to us atand we'll be happy to process your request.
If you need to sign up for membership and meeting registration please print and fill out the CNS 2019 Membership & Registration Form here.
Group Registration
If you are looking to register as a group please print and fill out the CNS 2019 Group Registration Form
Student Volunteer Opportunity
Student members may apply to work at the conference in exchange for free registration to the CNS 2019 Annual Meeting. Please read carefully and fill out the CNS 2019 Volunteer Application
Registration Receipts
Registration receipts will be sent via *protected email* please be sure this email address is in your address book to avoid any issues with spam or junk mail.
Attendees will receive a single receipt for registration at the time of purchase. Please SAVE this receipt and print it for your reference, information and reimbursements. For your convenience, Registration Receipts include a single line item for Meeting Registration. If you require a duplication copy of your receipt, email *protected email* .
Registration Refund Policy
Registration fees will be refunded minus $50 handling fee, provided the request for refund is received by CNS no later than February 11, 2019. Refund requests must identify the registrant's name, email address, membership level, and amount paid. Send refund requests to *protected email* .
Click here for Registration FAQ and additional information on our Registration Polices, Cancellations and Refunds.
A Chabad emissary from Safed was arrested in the Madrid airport late last week after being found in possession of four kilograms of cocaine.
Though the drugs were stashed in one of their suitcases, their friends told Haaretz they were fooled into smuggling the cocaine.
Madrid Airport AP Photo / Paul White
Eliyahu Hecht, 57, a father of six who works for the global charity organization Kollel Chabad, was returning to Israel from Costa Rica, where they were fund-raising for a soup kitchen operated by Kollel Chabad in Safed. They were arrested during a stopover in Madrid, and friends say they only managed to contact their family on Monday.
"He said they were asked by their host in Costa Rica to take a suitcase and deliver it to a woman in Spain," one of the friends, Uri, told Haaretz. "Eliyahu refused, and then the host started telling him, 'how dare they suspect them and how dare they refuse after staying under their roof and eating from their table.' So Eliyahu agreed to the request, but not before checking the suitcase for anything suspicious. It turns out the man still managed to hide the drugs inside."
The organization contacted the Israeli Embassy in Madrid at Hecht's arrest, and Kollel Chabad activists in Safed have begun fund-raising for Hecht's legal defense and to support their family. They said they asked everyone to contribute as much as they can.
Rabbi Ze'ev Crombi, who runs the soup kitchen, told Haaretz that Hecht was detained "in very difficult conditions - without kosher food and without tefillin [phylacteries]. They say detention there is worse than hell."
"Eliyahu is a good, honest man who did their job faithfully, and it's impossible for them to have done what they say they did," Crombi added. "The heart breaks to think of them in that horrific place." Spanish police and the Israeli embassy confirmed the arrest but declined to provide details on the case.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Many cafés portray themselves as a community gathering space for the neighborhood, and there's little doubt the laptop-toting technorati will make a beeline to the new modern Tertulia Coffee in Uptown Oakland.
But they'll have to share the space with artists of all types. The large café at the corner of 20th Street and Telegraph Avenue is also a commercial gallery — the Sanchez Contemporary.
Tertulia has been in soft opening mode since the gallery opened two weeks ago, but it had its official grand opening July 2.
The café and adjacent gallery are the brainchildren of husband-and-wife team Tim and Maria Sanchez, who have long dreamed of combining their passion for art and coffee. (She's an artist and he's a self-described coffee geek.)
Many cafés put up art, said Tim Sanchez, but the art often ends up being a part of the café's decor and not a successful source of income. Sanchez worked with noted San Francisco architecture firm Lincoln Lighthill, which designed Blue Bottle's café in the W.C. Morse building, to create a space where the café flows into a distinct gallery space.
Maria Sanchez curates the art at Sanchez Contemporary, and said they hope to highlight Latino artists and other artists of color. “A lot of under-represented artists don't normally get gallery shows,” they said. “We want to give their art the respect that it deserves.”
As for Tertulia Coffee, the contemporary and sleek café serves pastries from the nearby Firebrand Artisan Breads and uses coffee beans from Stumptown Coffee of Portland, Ore.
“We could have gone with a local third-wave roaster because they're all great,” said Tim Sanchez. “But from a business standpoint, we thought, ‘Why not go with a brand outside the area that people are familiar with but don't have access to on a regular basis?'”
The Sanchezes expect the café side of the business to help pay the bills, but they're also hoping the gallery will be a success both financially and as a support network for the local artist community.
Take a look at Tertulia Coffee in the photos below.
Tertulia Coffee/Sanchez Contemporary is at 1951 Telegraph Ave. (at 20th Street), Oakland. Open weekdays from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Connect with the café on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Benjamin Seto is the voice behind Focus:Snap:Eat, where they dish on food at restaurants and shops in the Bay Area, in their kitchen, and from their culinary adventures.
Want to keep abreast of East Bay food news? Subscribe to NOSH Weekly, the *free* weekly email packed with delicious news. Simply sign up here.
Edward Snowden's whistle-blowing activities have not only split America's journalistic community, it appears to have split the Washington Post's staff too.
In a surprising editorial, "Plugging the leaks in the Edward Snowden case", the paper argued that the first priority should be to prevent Snowden "from leaking information that harms efforts to fight terrorism and conduct legitimate intelligence operations."
It pointed out that Snowden "is reported to have stolen many more documents, encrypted copies of which may have been given to allies such as the WikiLeaks organisation." And then it said:
"Stopping potentially damaging revelations or the dissemination of intelligence to adversaries should take precedence over US prosecution of Mr Snowden — which could enhance their status as a political martyr in the eyes of many both in and outside the United States."
And all this in the paper responsible for publishing Snowden's leaks. No wonder the facing-both-ways leading article moved syndicated newspaper columnist David Sirota to comment on Salon.com:
"What sets this Washington Post editorial apart — what vaults it into the annals of history — is how it is essentially railing on the Washington Post's own source and own journalism."
They contend that the editorial "represents the paper's higher-ups issuing a jeremiad against their own news-generating source and, by extension, the reporters who helped bring their leak into the public sphere."
Citing the Post's famed Watergate investigations, they see it as "the equivalent of the paper issuing an editorial in 1972 not demanding more information from President Nixon, but instead insisting the Nixon administration's first 'priority should be to prevent Deep Throat from leaking information.'"
Then comes their main, serious message:
"At one level, this is all downright hilarious. But at another level, it isn't because it potentially intensifies a larger chilling effect on investigative journalism that is happening throughout the media."
There is, of course, something of a British parallel over Snowden's NSA leaks. The Guardian has been criticised by rival newspapers because of the revelations. Some papers have simply ignored them, as I wrote here.
Video games should be officially classified as cultural products equal to TV, film and animation, according to UK developers.
Industry body Tiga has told Newsbeat the move would give games "the respect they deserve" and offer a boost to British-based companies.
Games are currently classified as software under EU law.
Developers argue a change would allow the UK and other countries to support the industry and create jobs.
"Recognising games as cultural products would untie the red tape which unfairly prevents EU member state governments from supporting their national video game sectors," said Dr Richard Wilson, CEO of Tiga.
More related stories Quiz: Gaming nerd or newbie?
Tax breaks were introduced for games companies in March, but only after the European Commission approved the move.
Developers claim that would not have been necessary if games were classified as cultural products.
Dr Wilson added games should be seen as "an art form, as a high-tech, highly-skilled industry, as a force for economic and social good".
The video games industry is worth $93bn (£59bn) worldwide, compared to $15bn for the music industry, and the $88.3bn worldwide film industry, according to Tiga.
Little Big Planet creator Media Molecule is one UK studio backing the call for change.
Rex Crowle, lead creator on the studio's adventure game Tearaway, says the image of the games industry is changing.
"They have so much artistry put into them, they have to be built from scratch.
"There's no way to just find content for games, you can't just point a camera at something.
"It brings together so many talents, from architectural design to audio design to storytelling."
In the past some big publishers have resisted calls to categorise games as cultural products.
Vincent Scheurer, founder and director of Tiga, explained the companies were worried about governments trying to protect companies based in their countries by charging those from abroad.
"They were worried that people were going to start taking their money and start giving it to local games companies."
Many developers say that games, as forms of entertainment, are seen as part of popular culture.
Ollie Clarke, winner of a Bafta breakthrough Brit award in 2013, describes their latest creation LA Cops in this way.
"The game we're producing here is not meant to be art. It's meant to be a well-crafted, really enjoyable escape from a mundane reality.
"If you've had a bad day at work, come home, shoot some bad guys in LA cops, enjoy your life."
They work alongside other small developers in a shared workspace in Leamington Spa.
Steve Stopps set up Arch Creatives after their former employer Blitz Games Studios closed down.
"Finally people in power are realising this too, finally we're not becoming this cultural whipping boy of 'games are evil' or 'games are bad'.
"Being recognised as a serious part of the UK economy is a great step in the right direction."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
Just over a year into Narendra Modi's tenure as Prime Minister of India, huge growth targets for the solar sector continue to attract publicity, but the sheer scale of ambition may not be enough to convince the doubters. India's budget in February confirmed the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy's (MNRE) target of deploying 100GW of solar energy by 2022, a five-fold increase from the previous government's target of just 20GW. As the Indian government prepares to finalise details of how the target will be met, PV Tech examines some of the huge numbers being proposed and what it will take to realise them.
In the midst of all the big claims and headlines, it is easy to forget that India has suffered from major energy shortfalls for years so there is genuine need for solar capacity to come online. The imminent announcement will also come in the wake of a deadly heat wave, which has killed scores of people in the country, highlighting the need for widespread air-conditioning and managing all the pitfalls of energy spikes from such systems.
There has been a string of memorandums of understanding (MOUs) relating to solar projects, but they fail to give real confidence to investors. Joint secretary of the MNRE Tarun Kapoor told PV Tech that government approval and finalisation of the 100GW plan is pending for mid-June, which should give more certainty.
To understand the sheer scale of India's ambition, it should be noted that current installed capacity in the country stands at just 3.8GW, with around 7.3GW under development, according to the latest quarterly update from Mercom Capital Group. Meanwhile, according to Jasmeet Khurana, senior consulting manager at analyst firm, Bridge to India, if the country reached its 100GW solar target within less than seven years, solar power would account for 10.5% of all energy consumed within the India, which is clearly an enormous proportion within a country holding more than one billion people.
Under the latest announcements, the 100GW would be made up of:
40GW of utility-scale solar (between central and state governments)
40GW of rooftop solar
20GW under the ‘entrepreneur' scheme (20,000 projects of 1MW)
The government plans to set up 25 mega-solar parks of around 100MW each (2.5GW). Already 17 of these have been finalised, with just under 13GW capacity, according to Mercom's update.
Meanwhile the central government will auction multiple solar power projects. India's armed forces and national companies including the Indian Railways, one of the world's largest employers, have been earmarked to set up large-scale plants on surplus land. Furthermore, Modi has incentivised building solar over irrigation ditches and canals in rural areas, to decrease water evaporation. This is expected to account for several hundred megawatts according to Bridge to India. Furthermore, the state-run Solar Energy Corporation of India (SECI) plans to develop 2GW of solar projects ranging from 250-500MW.
Khurana said the first section of 40GW utility-scale was the most realistic target, being driven primarily by India's renewable purchase obligation (RPO) and renewable generation obligation (RGO), which mandates thermal power producers to generate a certain amount of power from renewable energy technology. Central government will also allocate 15GW of this target by 2019.
The second part of the 100GW target comprising 40GW of rooftop PV was described in the latest Mercom report as a “lofty goal” considering there are only 100MW of current installations. Furthermore rooftop subsidies are being cut in half to 15%, down from 30%, which the MNRE claimed offsets a recent lowering in price of panel components. However, Khurana said a net-metering policy is due to be brought in by almost all Indian states, which is a policy the central government has been pushing for.
The case for commercial and industrial rooftop deployment is clear after the utility TPDDL revealed plans to generate 400MW of rooftop solar in Delhi by 2022, but industry members talking to PV Tech disagreed over the potential for residential rooftops. Ashish Khanna, chief executive and executive director, Tata Power Solar Systems, said policy around residential rooftops has made them financially viable and a major focus for Tata, whereas Reinhard Ling, business manager at IBC Solar Projects Private, IBC Solar's Indian subsidiary, said the market for residential solar is very small in India and they claimed there is a lack of awareness about the difficulty of installing rooftop solar compared to ground mount in India.
The third section of the 100GW target is the yet-to-be-finalised entrepreneur scheme. The MNRE's Kapoor told PV Tech this programme was currently set at 10GW, but had yet to be finalised. But in an earlier announcement power minister Piyush Goyal said the scheme would aim to encourage unemployed youths and farmers to set up 1MW solar installations to aggregate up to 20GW of capacity. The government will provide 50% of the equity to get started, but chosen entrepreneurs will be responsible for forming partnerships and generating the rest of the required equity and debt.
Further detail awaited
Several weeks ago Goyal said detailed plans on how to reach the full 100GW target would be finalised in “a few days”, but no announcement came. Reports have speculated that the release has been delayed because of uncertainty over the entrepreneur scheme.
Indeed Bridge to India said it is “not clear” how MNRE will fund the aggregate grant of INR47.5 billion (US$741 million) needed for the entrepreneur scheme, adding: “This scheme is fundamentally flawed and will be difficult to implement. The government is trying to mix two very different policy goals – more employment and more power – in a very unimaginative manner and it will fall short on both accounts.”
Looking closer than 2022 to the current financial year, the MNRE aims to allocate 10GW of solar capacity in 2015/16. Bridge to India said: “If India is able to allocate the entire 10GW in this financial year, it will be path-breaking from a global perspective.” However, the consultancy was again sceptical citing land availability and the willingness of off-takers (distribution companies) to procure power from solar developers.
Khurana said the 10GW would be a mix of private sector investments, public sector investments and public-private partnership projects, but forecast that just 4-5GW would be allocated. Meanwhile MNRE's Kapoor said: “We may not commission 10GW, but we will tender out big capacities.”
In terms of completed installations, Mercom's latest report also forecast that a total of 2GW of solar PV would come online this year, up from 1GW in 2014.
Policy and regulation
While Kapoor claimed that there is enough land available and plenty of entrepreneurs for the MNRE's ambitions, they identified three key barriers to reaching the 100GW targets:
Distribution companies having to buy the solar power Poor transmission infrastructure Financing availability
Khurana warned that state distribution companies in India “have huge losses on their books” so they are unlikely to be interested in buying solar power, which is more expensive currently than traditional fuel-produced electricity.
They added: “The only remedy around it is to make the state discoms (distribution companies) viable financially, which means larger power sector reforms in India mostly on the distribution side and tariff reforms for customers to pay for normal electricity. There are a lot of transmission, distribution and commercial losses which need to be removed.”
Khurana also said investment in the grid is critical to allow it to handle more intermittent sources of power. Similarly Victor Thamburaj chief executive of iPLON, a German technology firm supplying automated solar power equipment to Indian projects, said there needs to be a “flow report”, explaining to developers details of grid connection and stability.
To address issues around sharing energy, India's Ministry of Power has proposed abolishing interstate transmission charges for renewable energy sources. It has also proposed increasing the solar RPO to 8% by 2019 from the current goal of 3% by 2022. Still, Raj Prabhu, chief executive and co-founder of Mercom Capital, said the percentage was negligible without strict enforcement of the RPO.
There were encouraging signs recently, however, when the Supreme Court dismissed an appeal challenging RPO regulations in Rajasthan, which is pertinent given that there are several similar cases pending in other state high courts, according to Mercom.
Goyal has also proposed a dollar tariff, allowing bidding for solar projects in dollars, in order to facilitate more lending from outside India. However, Mercom's analysis found that developers believe it will take a while to implement the minister's proposal. In a speech Goyal said it would “encourage foreign investment to come in and hedging against their debt or capital in dollars, which will help us keep the cost of solar power very reasonable”.
Ashish Khanna praised the government for allowing the industry to stand alone without subsidies. They said solar prices will compete with power produced from imported coal in a few years and a subsidy regime would not help on a long-term basis – adding: “I think that is critical to achieve targets like this.”
Industry members were jubilant when the Reserve Bank of India answered calls to add renewable energy under priority lending, which would make financing easier and affordable, only to find it capped at INR150 million (US$2.5 million). As India's solar market is mostly large-scale at present, Mercom's report said the policy's impact would be “minimal”. Nevertheless rooftop solar would benefit from this scheme.
Physically reaching the target capacity has also been cited as a problem, with both Thamburaj and Ling claiming that there are only around a dozen solar companies in India capable of installing up to 500MW a year. Therefore it is essential to attract foreign companies into India. Kapoor agreed, adding: “The investment required is huge and it has to come from foreign sources as well as Indian sources. We will tender out at least 15GW and we are inviting foreign companies to participate and we will allow imports.”
Modi's recent visit to China ended in three Chinese companies signing significant MOUs with Indian companies to build manufacturing capacity within India:
Canadian Solar with Sun Group (5GW of solar plants and manufacturing solar modules)
Trina Solar with Welspun Energy (park for 500MW of PV cells and 500MW of PV modules)
JA Solar with Essel Group (solar cell and PV module manufacturing facility)
Ling said there have been many other announcements, MOUs and letters of interest, with big names such as SunEdison, First Solar, Adani Enterprises, Essel Group and Welspun Renewables all bidding for multiple gigawatts of solar projects earlier this year. But Ling warned of a stark difference between the number of announcements compared to what will actually be realised.
Ashish Khanna also noted: “If you look at the target and do some simple calculations it is more than 1,000 square kilometres of land that is required for these projects (100,000 hectares) for 100GW. To acquire this land in a short time and then develop it is a challenge.”
Khurana said a policy for the government to secure land and leave it for private development, has already been implemented, on top of a proposed Land Bill, which aims to make tenure of land more secure. They said: “Land space will [become an issue going forward], but it is not an immediate bottleneck.”
There are clearly a huge number of hurdles for India to clear before it can truly see the 100GW in its sights, but underlying all this is a delicate balance between India's coal ambitions versus renewable energy deployment in a country expecting an immensely increased energy demand.
Arguing in PV Tech last month, Bridge to India founder Tobias Engelmeier said that a coal-heavy scenario in India going forward, as opposed to a solar-heavy scenario, “would be a terrible and indefensible choice from the point of view of the global climate.” India's 100GW target may stupefy the doubters, but it is clearly a necessity to aim high, and quickly.
Ranveer Singh is going places. Not all of them worth going to. Their latest ugly run-in with protesters and feminists is an ad for a garment brand where they were shown with a woman slung over their shoulder with the caption: “Don't Hold Back. Take Your Work Home.” After a furore over the sexist sales-pitch, the ad has now been taken down and Ranveer Singh has issued the following apology: “It was important to give the brand the creative freedom while designing the campaign but I guess we got it wrong on one of those billboards. I am sorry this happened but it is a thing of past.”
Advertising
“We rectified it immediately by having the hoarding taken down as early as possible from over 30 cities overnight,” the apology said. However, a sense of muffled outrage runs through the film industry. Woefully, no one from Ranveer's fraternity is willing to come out in the open to condemn the ad. Earlier, the same looking away was evidenced when Salman Khan had compared their wrestling bouts in Sultan to rape.
WATCH VIDEO: Express ADDA With Karan Johar
Speaking about Ranveer, a female co-star said: “I am sure they didn't mean to insult women. Ranveer is one of the most cultured and chivalrous actors in Bollywood. They still believe in old-world courtesy, like getting up when a woman enters a room, opening doors for women. They would never insult a woman. Still, it is a shameful ad and I don't want to sound as if I am defending it because I am not. So please don't quote me.”
One of Ranveer's directors, a reputed top-notch name, comments: “He keeps getting into these embarrassing situations. There is an exhibitionist side to their personality which they need to curb.” However, ad guru Prahlad Kakkar says there's nothing to get so worked up about.
“We as a country have lost our sense of humour, and the media is willing to make and sensationalise even a joke into an issue. Whether I found it funny or not is irrelevant, the fact that it was meant to be light-hearted is the point! It just shows people's intolerance to an alternative point of humour! So we should ban all jokes which cause heartburn to communities that can't take a joke at their expense!”
Also Read: Koffee with Karan Season 5: Ranbir Kapoor is a better kisser than Ranveer Singh
Interestingly on Times Now, another ad guru Alyque Padamsee tried to explain how the ad would have been found to be harmless and humorous in the 1940s. The panellists and the two female co-anchors pounced on Alyque. When they wouldn't allow them to speak, they referred to them sarcastically as ‘Arnab' the channel's star-anchor who quit recently. But quite clearly, Alyque's brash sarcasm didn't work for this controversy.
Advertising
An ad filmmaker-turned-feature-filmmaker said: “Alyque shouldn't defend the indefensible. We're living in dangerous times. Anything even remotely misogynistic invites wrath.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WhatsApp has extended its service so you can continue conversations you started through the mobile app when you are browsing the internet on a laptop or PC.
The web browser tool mirrors the conversations and messages you have on your mobile device - so all of the messages still live on your phone.
Unfortunately if you are an iPhone user, you won't be able to use the messaging service on your laptop due to “Apple platform limitations”, according to WhatsApp.
An iOS version is supposedly coming, but there's no clear time-frame for launch at this stage.
It will work for anyone with an Android, BlackBerry, Windows or Nokia S60 device - although you will need to upgrade to the latest version of WhatsApp.
To get started, you need to visit web.whatsapp.com using Google's Chrome browser and it will show you a QR code.
You then need to open up the menu in the WhatsApp app on your phone and click on the "WhatsApp Web" button. This will allow you to use the phone's camera to take a picture of the QR code and this will allow you to start seeing your messages while you surf the web on your laptop or PC.
At the same time, WhatsApp has also banned an unofficial third-party Android app called WhatsApp Plus.
Anyone trying to use the unofficial app will get locked out of the service for 24 hours over concerns that it might lead to a leak of personal data - much like what happened with Snapchat.
Christians, perhaps because they call themselves Christians and believe in Christianity, like to claim ownership of Christ. But the veneration of Jesus by Muslims began during the lifetime of the Prophet of Islam. Perhaps most telling is the story in the classical biographies of Muhammad, who, entering the city of Mecca in triumph in 630AD, proceeded at once to the Kaaba to cleanse the holy shrine of its idols. As they walked around, ordering the destruction of the pictures and statues of the 360 or so pagan deities, they came across a fresco on the wall depicting the Virgin and Child.  They are said to have covered it reverently with their cloak and decreed that all other paintings be washed away except that one.
Jesus, or Isa, as they are known in Arabic, is deemed by Islam to be a Muslim prophet rather than the Son of God, or God incarnate.  They are referred to by name in as many as 25 different verses of the Quran and six times with the title of "Messiah" (or "Christ", depending on which Quranic translation is being used).  They are also referred to as the "Messenger" and the "Prophet" but, perhaps above all else, as the "Word" and the "Spirit" of God. No other prophet in the Quran, not even Muhammad, is given this particular honour. In fact, among the 124,000 prophets said to be recognised by Islam - a figure that includes all of the Jewish prophets of the Old Testament - Jesus is considered second only to Muhammad, and is believed to be the precursor to the Prophet of Islam.
In their fascinating book The Muslim Jesus, the former Cambridge professor of Arabic and Islamic studies Tarif Khalidi brings together, from a vast range of sources, 303 stories, sayings and traditions of Jesus that can be found in Muslim literature, from the earliest centuries of Islamic history. These paint a picture of Christ not dissimilar to the Christ of the Gospels. The Muslim Jesus is the patron saint of asceticism, the lord of nature, a miracle worker, a healer, a moral, spiritual and social role model.
“Jesus used to eat the leaves of the trees," reads one saying, "dress in hairshirts, and sleep wherever night found him. They had no child who might die, no house which might fall into ruin; nor did they save their lunch for their dinner or their dinner for their lunch. They used to say, 'Each day brings with it its own sustenance.'"
According to Islamic theology, Christ did not bring a new revealed law, or reform an earlier law, but introduced a new path or way (tariqah) based on the love of God; it is perhaps for this reason that they have been adopted by the mystics, or Sufis, of Islam. The Sufi philosopher al-Ghazali described Jesus as "the prophet of the soul" and the Sufi master Ibn Arabi called them "the seal of saints". The Jesus of Islamic Sufism, as Khalidi notes, is a figure "not easily distinguished" from the Jesus of the Gospels.
What prompted Khalidi to write such a pro­vocative book? "We need to be reminded of a history that told a very different story: how one religion, Islam, co-opted Jesus into its own spirituality yet still maintained them as an independent hero of the struggle between the spirit and the letter of the law," they told me. "It is in many ways a remarkable story of religious encounter, of one religion fortifying its own piety by adopting and cherishing the master spiritual narrative of another religion."
Islam reveres both Jesus and their mother, Mary (Joseph appears nowhere in the Islamic narrative of Christ's birth). "Unlike the canonical Gospels, the Quran tilts backward to their miraculous birth rather than forward to their Passion," writes Khalidi. "This is why they are often referred to as 'the son of Mary' and why they and their mother frequently appear together." In fact, the Virgin Mary, or Maryam, as they are known in the Quran, is considered by Muslims to hold the most exalted spiritual position among women.  They are the only woman mentioned by name in Islam's holy book and a chapter of the Quran is named after them In one oft-cited tradition, the Prophet Muhammad described them as one of the four perfect women in human history.
But the real significance of Mary is that Islam considers them a virgin and endorses the Christian concept of the Virgin Birth. "She was the chosen woman, chosen to give birth to Jesus, without a husband," says Shaykh Ibrahim Mogra, an imam in Leicester and assistant secretary general of the Muslim Council of Britain (MCB). This is the orthodox Islamic position and, paradoxically, as Seyyed Hossein Nasr notes in The Heart of Islam, "respect for such teachings is so strong among Muslims that today, in interreligious dialogues with Christians . . . Muslims are often left defending traditional . . . Christian doctrines such as the miraculous birth of Christ before modernist interpreters would reduce them to metaphors."
With Christianity and Islam so intricately linked, it might make sense for Muslim communities across Europe, harassed, haran­gued and often under siege, to do more to stress this common religious heritage, and especially the shared love for Jesus and Mary. There is a renowned historical precedent for this from the life of the Prophet. In 616AD, six years in to their mission in Mecca, Muhammad decided to find a safer refuge for those of their followers who had been exposed to the worst persecution from their opponents in the pagan tribes of the Quraysh. They asked the Negus, the Christian king of Abyssinia (modern-day Ethiopia), to take them in. They agreed and more than 80 Muslims left Mecca with their families. The friendly reception that greeted them upon arrival in Abyssinia so alarmed the Quraysh that, worried about the prospects of Muhammad's Muslims winning more allies abroad, they sent two delegates to the court of the Negus to persuade them to extradite them back to Mecca. The Muslim refugees, claimed the Quraysh, were blasphemers and fugitives. The Negus invited Jafar, cousin of Muhammad and leader of the Muslim group, to answer the charges. Jafar explained that Muhammad was a prophet of the same God who had confirmed their revelation to Jesus, and recited aloud the Quranic account of the virginal conception of Christ in the womb of Mary:
And make mention of Mary in the Scripture, when they had withdrawn from their people to a chamber looking East,
And had chosen seclusion from them. Then We sent unto them Our Spirit and it assumed for them the likeness of a perfect man.
They said: Lo! I seek refuge in the Beneficent One from thee, if thou art God-fearing.
They said: I am only a messenger of thy Lord, that I may bestow on thee a faultless son.
They said: How can I have a son when no mortal hath touched me, neither have I been unchaste?
They said: So (it will be). Thy Lord saith: It is easy for Me. And (it will be) that We may make of them a revelation for humankind and a mercy from Us, and it is a thing ordained.
Quran, 19:16-21
Karen Armstrong writes, in their biography of Muhammad, that "when Jafar finished, the beauty of the Quran had done its work. The Negus was weeping so hard that their beard was wet, and the tears poured down the cheeks of their bishops and advisers so copiously that their scrolls were soaked." The Muslims remained in Abyssinia, under the protection of the Negus, and were able to practise their religion freely.
However, for Muslims, the Virgin Birth is not evidence of Jesus's divinity, only of their unique importance as a prophet and a messiah. The Trinity is rejected by Islam, as is Jesus's Crucifixion and Resurrection. The common theological ground seems to narrow at this point - as Jonathan Bartley, co-director of the Christian think tank Ekklesia, argues, the belief in the Resurrection is the "deal-breaker". They add: "There is a fundamental tension at the heart of interfaith dialogue that neither side wants to face up to, and that is that the orthodox Christian view of Jesus is blasphemous to Muslims and the orthodox Muslim view of Jesus is blasphemous to Christians." They have a point. The Quran singles out Christianity for formulating the concept of the Trinity:
Do not say, "Three" - Cease! That is better for you. God is one God. Glory be to Him, [high exalted is He] above having a son.
Quran 4:171
It castigates Christianity for the widespread practice among its sects of worshipping Jesus and Mary, and casts the criticism in the form of an interrogation of Jesus by God:
And when God will say: "O Jesus, son of Mary, did you say to the people, 'Take me and my mother as gods besides God'?" they will
say, "Glory is to You, it was not for me to say what I had no right [to say]! If I had said it, You would have known it.
Quran 5:116
Jesus, as Khalidi points out, "is a controversial prophet.  They are the only prophet in the Quran who is deliberately made to distance themselves from the doctrines that their community is said to hold of him." For example, Muslims believe that Jesus was not crucified but was raised bodily to heaven by God.
Yet many Muslim scholars have maintained that the Islamic conception of Jesus - shorn of divinity; outside the Trinity; a prophet - is in line with the beliefs and teachings of some of the earliest Jewish-Christian sects, such as the Ebionites and the Nazarenes, who believed Jesus to be the Messiah, but not divine. Muslims claim the Muslim Jesus is the historical Jesus, stripped of a later, human-made "Christology": "Jesus as they might have been without St Paul or St Augustine or the Council of Nicaea", to quote the Cambridge academic John Casey.
Or, as A N Wilson wrote in the Daily Express a decade ago: "Islam is a moral and intellectual acknowledgement of the lordship of God without the encumbrance of Christian mythological baggage . . . That is why Christianity will decline in the next millennium, and the religious hunger of the human heart will be answered by the Crescent, not the Cross." Despite the major doctrinal differences, there remain areas of significant overlap, such as on the second coming of Christ. Both Muslims and Christians subscribe to the belief that before the world ends Jesus will return to defeat the Antichrist, whom Muslims refer to as Dajjal.
The idea of a Muslim Jesus, in whatever doctrinal form, may help fortify the resolve of those scholars who talk of the need to reformulate the exclusivist concept of a Judaeo-Christian civilisation and refer instead to a "Judaeo-Christian-Muslim civilisation". This might be anathema to evangelical Christians - especially in the US, where populist preachers such as Franklin Graham see Islam as a "very evil and wicked religion" - but, as Khalidi points out, "While the Jewish tradition by and large rejects Jesus, the Islamic tradition, especially Sufi or mystical Islam, constructs a place for them at the very centre of its devotions."
Nonetheless, Jesus remains an esoteric part of Islamic faith and practice. Where, for example, is the Islamic equivalent of Christmas? Why do Muslims celebrate the birth of the Prophet Muhammad but not that of the Prophet Jesus? "We, too, in our own way should celebrate the birth of Jesus . . . [because] they are so special to us," says Mogra. "But I think each religious community has distinct celebrations, so Muslims will celebrate their own and Christians their own."
In recent years, the right-wing press in Britain has railed against alleged attempts by "politically correct" local authorities to downplay or even suppress Christmas. Birmingham's attempt to name its seasonal celebrations "Winterval" and Luton's Harry Potter-themed lights, or "Luminos", are notorious examples. There is often a sense that such decisions are driven by the fear that outward displays of Christian faith might offend British Muslim sensibilities, but, given the importance of Jesus in Islam, such fears seem misplaced. Mogra, who leads the MCB's interfaith relations committee, concurs: "It's a ridiculous suggestion to change the name of Christmas." They add: "Britain is great when it comes to celebrating diverse religious festivals of our various faith communities. They should remain named as they are, and we should celebrate them all."
Mogra is brave to urge Muslims to engage in an outward and public celebration of Jesus, in particular their birth, in order to match the private reverence that Muslims say they have for him. Is there a danger, however, that Muslim attempts to re-establish the importance of Jesus within Islam and as an integral part of their faith and tradition might be misinterpreted? Might they be misconstrued as part of a campaign by a supposedly resurgent and politicised Islam to try to take "ownership" of Jesus, in a western world in which organised Christianity is in seeming decline? Might it be counterproductive for interfaith relations? Church leaders, thankfully, seem to disagree.
“I have always enjoyed spending time with Muslim friends, with whom we as Christians have so much in common, along with Jewish people, as we all trace our faith back to Abraham," the Archbishop of York, Dr John Sentamu, tells me. "When I visit a mosque, having been welcomed in the name of 'Allah and Their Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon Him', I respond with greetings 'in the name of Jesus Christ, whom you Muslims revere as a prophet, and whom I know as the Saviour of the World, the Prince of Peace'."
Amid tensions between the Christian west and the Islamic east, a common focus on Jesus - and what Khalidi calls a "salutary" reminder of when Christianity and Islam were more open to each other and willing to rely on each other's witness - could help close the growing divide between the world's two largest faiths. Mogra agrees: "We don't have to fight over Jesus.  They are special for Christians and Muslims.  They are bigger than life. We can share him."
Reverend David Marshall, one of the Church of England's specialists on Islam, cites the concluding comments from the Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, at a recent seminar for Christian and Muslim scholars. They said they had been encouraged by "the quality of our disagreement". "Christians and Muslims disagree on many points and will continue to do so - but how we disagree is not predetermined," says Marshall. "Muslims are called by the Quran to 'argue only in the best way with the People of the Book' [Quran 29:46], and Christians are encouraged to give reasons for the hope that is within them, 'with gentleness and reverence' [1 Peter 3:15]. If we can do this, we have no reason to be afraid."
“The Muslim Jesus" by Tarif Khalidi is published by Harvard University Press (£14.95)
Mehdi Hasan is the NS's senior editor (politics)
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter
Federal judge declares men-only draft is unconstitutional -- is it time for women to be in the draft too?
Week in politics: Major media outlets differ on timing of Mueller report release, previewing Trump-Kim summit in Vietnam and more
Can you ever have too many . . . spleens?
This is Sandra Tsing Loh with the Loh Down on Science.
Yes, indeed, I'm talking about that fist-sized organ that filters our blood. Most of us aren't even aware we have a spleen. But it's an important organ, and almost all vertebrates have one. Over the last few years, scientists have been learning that some species have even more than one!
For instance, researchers in Brazil dissected 63 whales who died after being stranded on beaches. So sad! The whales comprised fourteen different species.
And 60 percent of them had extra spleens! How many? From 1–14 extra!!! Bigger species that dive deeper tended to have more.
Only one species did not have any extras: the pygmy minke whale. But only one of these was dissected; so its lack of extra spleens might be, you know, a fluke.
The team concluded that extra spleens are normal in whales. They may help oxygenate blood during deep dives.
When they don't, the whales consider it quite a breach! Sorry.
***** For more 90-SECOND SCIENCE FACTS, click here.*****
The Loh Down on Science is produced by LDOS Media Lab, in partnership with the University of California, Irvine, and 89.3 KPCC. And made possible by the generous support of the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation.
On 20 November 2017, an anonymous Twitter account reported — without citing any evidence — that hate crime charges against four African-American people accused in a livestreamed video attack on a white special-needs teen had been “quietly” dropped by a judge:
Chicago judge quietly drops hate crime charges against the domestic terrorists known as the “BLM kidnappers” These thugs beat and tortured a mentally disabled white boy while screaming “Fuck Trump” “Fuck white people”. Cities would literally be burning if the roles were reversed pic.twitter.com/DTOFnhChb8 — Thirsty Grunt 🐸👌 (@Thirsty_Grunt) November 20, 2017
Jordan Hill, Tesfaye Cooper, and sisters Brittany and Tanishia Covington, all between the ages of 18 and 24, were arrested in January and are accused of beating a bound, disabled 18-year-old man in Chicago while filming the torture and streaming it via Facebook Live. According to Cook County State's Attorney spokesperson Tandra Simonton, all four have been charged with a hate crime. In addition, they face charges of kidnapping, battery and robbery and Hill faces charges of possession of a stolen vehicle. Simonton told us none of the charges have been dropped, and all have upcoming court dates. All have pleaded not guilty.
From the outset, the already disturbing case has been beset by exaggerations and misinformation. The false claim that the four suspects in the video were associated with the Black Lives Matter movement was launched by Internet personalities that peddle racialized conspiracy theories, including Mike Cernovich, who tweeted “Chicago #BlackLivesMatter Supporters Kidnap, Torture Trump Supporter on Facebook Live Video,” and InfoWars editor Paul Joseph Watson, who tweeted, “Police: #BLMKidnapping is not a hate crime because it wasn't race motivated. ‘F**k white people' not race motivated?”
There has never been any evidence linking the four suspects to Black Lives Matter, which is a racial justice movement, not an organization to which one can claim membership — and even if such evidence existed, it would be unrelated to the case, police and a defense attorney told us. But just as false information about Black Lives Matter spread far and wide on Twitter, so too did the false claim that hate crime charges had been “quietly” dropped.
In the video, the victim (since identified as 18-year-old Austin Hillburn) can be seen bound with duct tape over their mouth. The suspects can be heard making disparaging comments about white people and President Donald Trump. They allegedly threatened Hillburn with a knife, cut their scalp, and forced them to drink toilet water. Authorities said they pursued hate crime charges because of the racial remarks, and because of the victim's disability. Hill, Cooper and the Covington sisters are all currently in custody. Cooper and Tanishia Covington are being held without bond, according to Cook County inmate records, while Hill and Brittany Covington are being held in lieu of $900,000 and $500,000 respectively.
The Sears at Colonie Center is closing this mid-September, the company said in a statement Thursday. the store will remain open until then and a liquidation sale will start June 30. Eligible employees will receive severance and be given the opportunity to apply at other Sears and KMart stores. The full statement is below.
The Colonie Center closure was one of the 20 this week. A Sears spokesperson says the stores at the Wilton Mall and Aviation Mall in Queensbury will continue operating. [Business Insider]
The move isn't surprising.
Sears has been struggling for years. This past January it announced that a bunch of Sears and KMart (same company) locations would be closing. To paraphrase a Moody's statement that accompanied a Sears rating downgrade at the beginning of this year, the company's financial fortunes have been in free fall and there's significant doubt its efforts to sell off its valuable pieces on the way down will keep it from crashing.
Aside from being one of American retail's most iconic brands, the closure of Sears at Colonie Center is notable because Sears was an integral part of the mall's founding. The "INclosed" project was built by a subsidiary of the Sears Roebuck and Co. And Sears continued to own its end of the mall for decades after. You might remember that fact came up when the Colonie Center Whole Foods, which was carved out of the Sears square footage, was announced. [Daily Gazette archive]
Sears sold off many of its real estate holdings -- including the southwest chunk of the Colonie Center property -- to an entity called Seritage in 2015. Seritage still owns it today. (The property is assessed at $11.5 million, according to the Albany County parcel viewer.) And its website notes of its arrangement with Sears: "The master lease provides the Company with the right to recapture certain space from Sears Holdings at each property for retenanting or redevelopment purposes." [Forbes]
Sears Colonie Center closure statement
We can confirm that we are making the difficult, but necessary decision to close the Sears store at 1425 Central Avenue in Albany. The store will close to the public in mid-September. Until then, the store will remain open for customers. The store will begin its liquidation sale on June 30. We have been strategically and aggressively evaluating our store space and productivity, and have accelerated the closing of unprofitable stores as previously announced. We often hear from our members who are disappointed when we close a store, but our Shop Your Way membership platform, websites and mobile apps allow us to maintain these valued relationships long after a store closes its doors. As a result, we hope to retain a portion of the sales previously associated with this store by maintaining our relationships with the members who shopped this location. Our members and customers can also shop at our other Sears locations, which are listed at http://www.sears.com/stores.html. The number of associates is not publicly available. Those associates that are eligible will receive severance and have the opportunity to apply for open positions at area Sears or Kmart stores.
The privileged daughter of a prominent city doctor, and their boyfriend — a Harvard grad and Occupy Wall Street activist — have been busted for allegedly having a cache of weapons and a bombmaking explosive in their Greenwich Village apartment.
Morgan Gliedman — who is nine-months pregnant — and their baby daddy, Aaron Greene, 31, also had instructions on making bombs, including a stack of papers with a cover sheet titled, “The Terrorist Encyclopedia,'' sources told The Post yesterday.
People who know Greene say their political views are “extreme,” the sources said.
Cops found the stash in the couple's West Ninth Street home Saturday when they went there to look for Gliedman, 27, who was wanted for alleged credit-card theft.
A detective discovered a plastic container with seven grams of a white chemical powder called HMTD, which is so powerful, cops evacuated several nearby buildings.
Police also found a flare launcher, which is a commercial replica of a grenade launcher; a modified 12 gauge Mossberg 500 shotgun; ammo; and nine high-capacity rifle magazines, the sources said.
Cops also allegedly uncovered papers about creating homemade booby traps, improvised submachine guns, and various handwritten notebooks containing chemical formulas.
The couple's arrest Saturday was a sharp turn from their privileged backgrounds.
Gliedman, who grew up on Park Avenue, graduated from Dalton in 2002. Them dad, Dr. Paul Gliedman, is director of radiation oncology at Beth Israel Hospital, Brooklyn Division.
Paul Gliedman — who was included in New York magazine's list of top doctors in 2011 — received their medical degree from Columbia University.
Morgan's mother, Susyn Schops Gliedman, is a realtor with Prudential Douglas Elliman.
Greene attended Harvard as an undergraduate and did their graduate work at the university's Kennedy School of Government.
They have five prior run-ins with the police, with the charges including, assault, and weapons possession, sources said.
Additional reporting by Kirstan Conley and Jeane MacIntosh
I've been having a lot of conflicted feelings. It's definitely one of those situations where, yes, the original Strange was white! But to think about what they could have done with this character…
So imagine. An Asian med student. A Chinese guy getting mocked for being one of a thousand Chinese students, for thinking he's going to be special. A Filipino guy getting laughed at and told to scrub the floors because that's all he's good for, doesn't they know that he'd have to struggle to make nurse? An Indian guy, keeping their head down and getting the work done while people make Apu accents at him. Imagine the work they put into forcing their ethnicity behind him. They stop speaking Mandarin at home. They start throwing their mama's pancit in the trash when they make them take leftovers, instead of saving it for later. They learn to love hamburgers, ignoring their great-grandma's ghost in the back of their head and their horror at them consuming beef.
They finish med school, gets their residencies behind him, and they were right all along– they are astoundingly skilled. A marvel. Hopeless patients thrive under their hands. But is they going to be recognized for that? Well, I mean, he's Asian. He's not special, they're just meticulous like that. So the recognition comes, sure, but people make jokes, even their friends, about Surgeon Level: Asian. And the ego and the anger build up, like nacre on a pearl, layer after layer of contempt as they get better and better at their skills. Contempt for the people around him. Contempt for the people who made him. Contempt for the people they save. Contempt, all of it, for himself, for that nineteen-year-old pitching their mama's pancit in the garbage before going to bed.
And then the accident happens. And he's an out-of-work Asian dude. No more the protection of their title, and everyday shit–people pulling their eyes at them or making small dick jokes, people doing racist accents and calling them any of a thousand slurs–hurt a lot more when they can't say I'm a doctor. I'm above them. Because all the work they did, he's never going to escape the color of their skin.
And a relative, their mom, their auntie, seeing the darkness growing deeper and deeper in him, says “Stephen. You need to go home for a while and get away from this. Rest.” And they think about “home.” He's second or third generation American, this is their home, but the children of immigrants all know the longing for a place where we fit. Where our eyes aren't out of place and our skin isn't remarked upon, where we never have to hear “Where are you from?” They think about being five years old, their hand–broken now, aching–small in their mother's as they walked them down a bright street. They smell adobo at random, out of nowhere, another ghost calling to him. They think about when things were simpler, and despite their contempt for himself, for their mother's people and their roots, they book a plane ticket.
And the plane is full of people speaking the language he's stopped speaking to their mother, the language they were never really steady in anyway. And something about it is comforting, and that scares him. Everything they worked so hard to be, all in threads at the sound of the young mother five rows ahead of them singing softly in Tagalog to their little boy.
He's been so angry and so sick in themselves for the months since the accident that relaxing feels wrong. But the air here smells right–the second they step off the plane it's like they fill up a pair of lungs that have been gasping for a decade. How stressful it is, to feel better and hate yourself for feeling better.
They walk the roads their mama took them on thirty years ago, and they're busier than they were, the cars are louder, but the sameness of it all is dizzying. They check the paper their mother gave him, the names and the addresses, and loathing themselves they go to an acupuncturist, to a reiki master, to practitioner after practitioner, and they hate them. I'm a doctor, I'm a doctor, these people are all quacks and fucking idiots. they think, but their heart is in rags and their hands are twisted on each other like the nightmares of an arthritic, and so they go.
Imagine, when they finally find the Ancient One. Imagine that the Ancient One has their great-grandmother's eyes, that the language the Ancient One speaks is the one Strange learned at their mama's knee and threw away. Imagine that the Ancient One–female or male–is dark of skin, wears their traditional clothing as casually as Strange wears a T-shirt, offers Strange a bowl of adobo and the steam rising off of it is smells just like it always did…
Imagine Strange coming full circle, back to their roots, back to the place in themselves that he's ignored and beaten down for all these years. Imagine them looking at the history that belongs to them and claiming it. Imagine them being still, yes, American. But honest to himself. No longer fighting to be white, no longer fighting to play by the rules of white people, recognizing that there's power where they came from and it belongs to him. Imagine what it is feels like, to have that sudden knowledge opening inside your chest, to have the shame over your dark skin and your narrow wrists and your almond eyes washed away by certainty and confidence and a clean pride that bears no resemblance to the ego of the master surgeon.
But no. We're getting fucking Cumberbatch.
And don't even get me started on Tilda Swinton…
Environmentally Friendly Designs
Easy to View Contents
Hygienic
Make sure paper materials are easily accessible by anyone by using these simple dispensers. Multiple designs are available, so you can use your favorite style of paper products. Encourage employees to use less waste and stay clean with these simple green designs.Most of these dispensers are designed in a way that limits the amount of material you can get at one time. Folded towel dispensers dispense one towel at a time, while those that dispense rolls create friction that reduces the amount of towel taken. Electronic dispensers are programmable, so you can precisely control the length of towel dispensed when it is activated. This reduces waste and the impact your company has on the environment. It also means you use less material, saving you money since you don't have to replenish your supplies as often.These dispensers feature cut-out viewing windows or translucent material, making it easy to see how many paper towels or how much bathroom tissue is left. This way, you can tell at a glance when you need to add or purchase more towels. The easy viewing reduces the risk of running out of material at an inopportune time. You can also keep track of how much is used daily to predict how much you need to keep in stock.Generally, each dispenser features a part that prevents you from touching pieces you aren't using. Handless dispensing and ragged tearing edges give you access to the material you need, while making it difficult or impossible to touch the rest of the stock, helping reduce the spread of germs and disease."
“The Walking Dead” from AMC broke their previous record of most watched show. Previously set at 7.3 million viewers for their Season 2 premiere in October 2011, the show outdid it self hitting 8 million viewers this time on February 12 of this year reports the Huffington Post. Combined with the encore showing, it was really more like 11 million. That's not even counting online downloads.
According to AMC, the premiere was the “strongest telecast for any drama in basic cable history.”
Charlie Collier, president of AMC, had this to say about the show:
“‘The Walking Dead' is one of those rare television programs that reaches both a core genre fan and broad audiences simply looking for a great, character-based story. We're so proud of and grateful for the amazing team on both sides of the camera who works so hard and is so committed to making this a unique programming event.” “That ‘The Walking Dead' is now the most watched drama in the history of basic cable is staggering, just like our zombies.” “It is a great night for AMC. We're thrilled to see this incredible record breaking response to ‘The Walking Dead,' and ‘Comic Book Men' is off to a strong start as well. Congratulations to the teams behind both of these shows,”
Comic Book Men that Collier is referring to is a comic book reality show by Kevin Smith; Silent Bob nooch! It aired right after “the Walking dead” and was watched by only 2 million viewers. Which to me means that only two million of the viewers are comic book fans who probably read the original The Walking Dead graphic novels..
Forget about the ratings, hocking loosely related spin offs and the money symbols burning out their retinas. What about the show? Warning: Spoilers.
Show begins of course where they last left off. With the shooting of Zombie Sophia. The dust settles and it's up to the farmers to go nuts and get dangerously close to the walkers. “I know. Let's all be stupid and cry over our dead zombie relatives, then give them a chance to bite us. Yes, scratches and bites is all it takes. That's why she's all catatonic.
This is further compounded by Andrea walking around without a care in the world into dark barns and trucks loaded with destroyed walkers. Is this the development of la belle indifference where they are unable to see real danger or a sign that she's become used to this? They don't even go into the barn with their weapon drawn. They could have fell backwards in the truck and into an open mouth that bites them from the impact of a pothole. This is where I see the show finally spiraling into zombie movie domain. The theme? When idiots attack.
I cannot express how much I dislike Shane Walsh on the show. The bullying they do, the contempt on their face, the attitude that they carry themselves with, and the way of which they continuously rationalize their actions. I am continuously annoyed with him. Is there no other development of their character other than flip out and be loud? If that's the goal, then Shane is a well written character. I feel sorry for John Bernthal the actor who plays him. I hope they don't get type cast.
So Shane continues to flip out on Rick and vies for the matrix of leadership. Shane opens a barn full of walkers to prove a point, instead of safely killing them from the outside. Rick however has to make the hard choices such as shooting Sophia. The show is becoming less about zombie survival and more “Who's the Boss?” but without comedy.
Poor Dale. Dale is the only one privy to watch the dead frog sing and dance when no one else is around. Shane only likes to reveal their true nature to him. Why? Maybe because they believe no one will side against him. Dale even attempts to explain this to Lori, but they're all immune to logic. Here is a version of what I heard:
Dale: Shane. He's dangerous.
Lori: Yes, they can be a hot head.
Dale: No. I said dangerous.
Lori: Hot head?
Dale: *sounding it out now* Dane-Jer-Us
Lori: * slowly * Haw-Tuh Heh-Ed?
Dale goes on to explain that Shane is a threat to their survival and he'll eventually kill again. I recall saying this fairly recently in The Walking Dead Game: Dead Reckoning article.
To prove that the supporting cast is become more Teflon coated against logic, Lori is all annoyed asking that Rick does not abandon them to find Hershel; one of their kids is sick and he's gone missing.
“We need Hershel for the baby.” Oh snap! Logic! W…What do I do? Quick, get Shane to flip out!
Then there's the introduction of new survivors, all bent on shacking up with the rest of the Walking Dead cast and exuding feelings of unsavory intent.
When Rick refuses to let them join or reveal their main base, we hear “I thought we were friends.” All over bearing bullies and rapists tend to say this.
I was surprised that the writers didn't drag the two interlopers story out and make it into a douche fest between them and Shane.
How did the show redeem itself in less than five seconds? Bam! Another headshot! Followed by some more gun play. I hope this is the beginning of a new running gag or theme. All premieres and finales end and begin with headshots. Maybe this will lead up to Shane's final close up.
After all, Shane is getting too big for their britches, and only one guy gets to wear the sheriff's hat around here.
Share this: Twitter
Tumblr
Facebook
Reddit
Google
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Drone footage recently captured in Russia reveals a Tesla Tower site that has been previously unseen. The footage was captured by RT affiliate Ruptly, who got special clearance to fly a drone onto the hidden site near Moscow.
According to the Russian state news agency, this one Tesla site alone has the capability of powering the whole Russian energy grid. It was not made clear in the video or its description when this site was built, or if it was ever actually operational.
Although many details about the site are unclear, it has been reported that it was built during the cold-war era and may have been an experimental test site at the time.
Sites like this are said to work by using Tesla coils and harnessing energy from the air.
A Tesla coil is an electrical resonant transformer circuit invented by Nikola Tesla around 1891. It is used to produce high-voltage, low-current, high-frequency alternating-current electricity.Tesla experimented with a number of different configurations consisting of two, or sometimes three, coupled resonant electric circuits.
Tesla used these coils to conduct innovative experiments in electrical lighting, phosphorescence, X-ray generation, high frequency alternating current phenomena, electrotherapy, and the transmission of electrical energy without wires. Tesla coil circuits were used commercially in sparkgap radio transmitters for wireless telegraphy until the 1920s, and in medical equipment such as electrotherapy and violet ray devices.
John Vibes writes for True Activist and is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war.
If you go Greater Boulder Youth Orchestras' outreach concert with Boulder Philharmonic: 2 p.m. Sunday, April 27, Mountain Range High School, 12500 Huron Street, Denver, $5, free for students and music teachers; 720-891-2259 or greaterboulderyo.org CU Symphony Orchestra's "Planets" Concert: 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, April 29; Macky Auditorium, University of Colorado campus, $10-$20; 303-492-8008 or cupresents.org. Boulder Bach Festival Artist Recital featuring Zachary Carrettin, Lina Bahn and David Korevaar: 7:30 p.m. Friday, May 2; First Congregational Church, 1128 Pine St., $30; 303-776-9666 or boulderbachfestival.org. Greater Boulder Youth Orchestras' full concert with concerto competition winners Allyson Stibbards and Adrian Emmett-Mattox: 2 p.m. May 4, Macky Auditorium; $15, free for music teachers; 720-891-2259 or greaterboulderyo.org
It's an unusually rich week for big classical events in Boulder.
Tuesday at Macky Auditorium, the University Symphony Orchestra presents its much-anticipated interpretation of Gustav Holst's beloved orchestral showpiece "The Planets."
Music director Gary Lewis says it will be a great experience for their young musicians, with challenges for all players. Filmmaker Mark Hatch brings their video production of NASA imagery, which will be coordinated with the music. Former astronaut Joseph Tanner will provide narration between the movements, introducing each "planet" before its musical portrait is played.
The world premiere of "The Dutch Stonewall," a 20-minute work for two pianos and string orchestra by CU composer Carter Pann, will open the program. Faculty pianists Alexandra Nguyen and Margaret MacDonald are featured.
"It's a stunningly beautiful piece," Lewis said. "And 'The Planets' will really be a unique, multisensory event."
Friday at First Congregational Church, the Boulder Bach Festival closes its season with the much-anticipated artist recital featuring pianist David Korevaar and violinist Lina Bahn, both CU faculty members. Music director Zachary Carrettin also will play on the program.
Pianist David Korevaar, known for their interpretations of Bach's keyboard works, performs Friday during the Boulder Bach Festival's season finale. (Casey A. Cass / University of Colorado)
Carrettin compares the event to September's season-opening recital, which featured chamber music on period instruments. This recital includes solo works played on more modern instruments, including the grand piano and a violin with modern strings and a modern bow.
"I want to establish a dialogue about period instruments vs. modern instruments," they said. "David Korevaar is a masterful interpreter of Bach on the modern piano, for instance."
Bahn and Korevaar each will perform one of Bach's partitas for solo violin and solo piano. Carrettin plays one of the solo cello suites transcribed for viola. Bahn and Korevaar then will join on a sonata for keyboard and violin.
"In a way, Bach's instrumental music is more sacred than their church music," Carrettin said. "It shows that Bach can come close to God with just musical tones and no words. It has a profound effect on the psyche."
The Greater Boulder Youth Orchestras close their season with two events featuring the organization's concerto competition winners. The first is at 2 p.m. today in an hour-long outreach concert with the Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra. It takes place at Mountain Range High School in northwest Denver and features violinist Allyson Stibbards, one of the two competition winners. Stibbards is a senior at Skyline High School in Longmont. The most advanced of the organization's groups will play alongside Phil musicians.
A full season-finale concert takes place May 4 at Macky Auditorium.
"All four of our ensembles will play," GBYO executive director Brian Jack said of the May 4 concert. "Our middle-level group will play 'Spring' from Vivaldi's 'Four Seasons' with our competition winner, Adrian Emmett-Mattox." Emmett-Mattox is an eighth-grader at Shining Mountain Waldorf School. That group also will play a movement from Franck's D-minor symphony and a short piece by Haydn.
The wind ensemble plays the world premiere of "Variations on a Theme by Haydn" by Colorado composer Mark Arnett. And the advanced group repeats its program from today's outreach concert, with Stibbards playing the last movement of Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto. The group will play three movements from Carl Reinecke's Serenade for Strings.
Jack emphasized the importance of GBYO's collaboration with other area classical organizations, including their first event with the Boulder Bach Festival this fall.
"We work with individuals from many orchestras," they said, "and most of our mentors are CU students," they said.
CU's Gary Lewis is GYBO music director, but they are currently on leave. The concert will be conducted by CU band director Donald McKinney. GBYO is holding auditions for next season May 10 and May 12.
Here, as promised, is Part II of the István Markó interview. It was conducted by French journalist Grégoire Canlorbe. (Full interview here).
Dr Markó, who died earlier this year, was professor and researcher in organic chemistry at the Université Catholique de Louvain, Belgium's largest French-speaking university, as well as a Breitbart contributor and a brilliant and outspoken climate skeptic.
In Part I, Markó covered the science of global warming. It proved a massive hit with readers and, just as importantly, it sent the leftist trolls absolutely mental.
Part II deals with the politics and economics of global warming.
The ‘science' on global warming has been hijacked by left-wing politics
To begin, I believe in science: I mean that I believe in the possibility of objectively knowing reality through science. I believe that there are truth and falsehood, that science allows us to distinguish between the two, and that truth must be known; that scientific knowledge must be placed in the hands of the population. I also believe in freedom. I believe that every man is entitled to lead their life and to manage their goods as they see fit, that they are the only possessor of himself, and that statist socio-economic control is as morally reprehensible as it is harmful in its social, economic, and environmental consequences.
The people are being taken for a ride
I note two things distressing me: firstly, the population is increasingly misinformed scientifically; and secondly, the media and governments take advantage of this to propagate a theory that is doubtful, namely that of anthropogenic warming, and to promote coercive measures on its behalf. Few people take the time to get vital information about the actual CO 2 footprint; and few people, more generally, are still interested in science. I deeply regret that our Western societies have succeeded in cultivating such mistrust of science: such a reluctance to have confidence in its capacity to know the world objectively and to transform it positively.
Anthropogenic Global Warming theory is not real science
The theory of anthropogenic warming claims to be scientific; but if people accept this theory, if they hold it to be true, it is clearly not out of interest for science. Such a fragile theory, in view of the CO 2 facts I have presented to you above [see Pt I of the interview], could never have been accepted by people who truly care about science; and who possess a deep understanding in that field.
It's about religion and self-hatred
In my eyes, there are two main reasons—or if you prefer, two main types of feelings—that make people let themselves be seduced by the theory of anthropogenic warming so readily. In the first place, the Catholic religion is in decline in the Western world; and what I call ecologism comes to replace it.
In the second place, Westerners have a pronounced taste for self-flagellation; and the theory of anthropogenic warming provides justification for that tendency, possibly anchored in our Judeo-Christian heritage. So, on the one hand, we have religious feelings: faith in a new system of thought, which is ecologism; the veneration of a new divinity, which is benevolent and protective Nature. On the other hand, we have a feeling of guilt, expressed in our conviction that, if the climate warms up, it is our fault; and that if we do not immediately limit our CO 2 emissions, we will have sullied and disfigured our planet.
The scarce resources/Limits to Growth myth
To begin, those who convey the idea that the finite character of resources renders infinite growth impossible, leave out of account the ability of the human being to innovate in our technology, to enrich our knowledge of nature, and to enhance our extraction strategies. Let us take the case of this finite resource that is petroleum: one notices, firstly, that new reserves are regularly discovered; secondly, that the depleted oil reserves, (originally tapped by conventional drilling) are exploited by more advanced methods which improve the yield and recovery rate of remaining, formerly unrecoverable oil; and thirdly, that the “peak oil,” which Malthusians constantly say is about to be reached, is constantly postponed. On the other hand, humankind devises recycling methods that let us glimpse the possibility, in a more or less surrealist future, to build growth on perpetually and integrally recycled resources.
Stop whining about ‘mass consumption' and ‘industrial progress.' They have made us wealthy, healthy and free.
To blame mass consumption and industrial progress as such leaves me perplexed, were it only because it is waste, not consumption itself, which is the real problem. As much as the struggle against waste seems to me to be well-founded and necessary, the struggle against the “consumer society,” which happened to inspire a certain terrorism, seems to me irrelevant. I recall that it is notably mass consumption derived from the industrial exploitation of fossil resources that have liberated Western society from poverty and from a whole series of tasks that previously degraded him. The victory of medicine, which is so often praised, would never have been possible, without the chemistry of fossil resources. It is the chemical and industrial advances in pesticides, insecticides, and fertilizers that have enabled us to master our environment.
The Soviet dissident author Alexander Solzhenitsyn railed against the way industry and mass consumption have destroyed our spirituality and made us mad. This is rubbish.
Solzhenitsyn's criticism seems to avoid denying the economic and sanitary benefits of “progress.” That is, it seems to focus on the psychological consequences. But even from that point of view, one easily exaggerates the deleterious effects associated with scientific and technological development and the resulting material comfort and mass consumption. Pathological behaviors, such as addiction, are the work of a minority of consumers: they are therefore exceptional and accidental; and not a sort of congenital disease of “consumer societies.”
As to the idea that having a comfortable life would create in us a moral desert, that it would make us greedy and heartless, this notion does not stand up to scrutiny either. It is enough to note to what extent people in opulent societies give to charitable organizations of all kinds. Ironically, Asian societies, which have remained faithful to their spiritual traditions, today cultivate a much greater respect for science and technology than that which prevails in the secularized West. It is therefore false to claim, as Solzhenitsyn seems to do, that the spirituality of people atrophies as their way of life is more centered on science and technology.
The real problem with improved material comfort is this: it has made people soft and forgetful of how hard-won our achievements are
There are indeed psychological drawbacks that I think can be legitimately attributed to material comfort. Over generations it gradually disposes people who take their comfort for granted, to lose sight of the inhospitable and dangerous world in which they live. Blinded by the ease of their standard of living, and the facilities stemming from their scientific, industrial, and technological advancement, Westerners have finally forgotten a fundamental law: this world gives nothing without effort. Again, the reason we are able to inhabit this planet in conditions that are so favorable to our health and to our hygienic wellbeing, as well as to our economic and demographic development, is that we have rendered our environment hospitable.
We are far too sentimental about Nature – which is cruel and harsh.
Gaia does not take us under their protection; nor is they that delicate and innocent goddess, offended by blood and toil, raped by factories, mines, and urban groups, which ecologists celebrate. I mentioned above the colonization of deserts by plants thanks to the greater amount of CO 2 available to them. Colonization genuinely comes from Nature itself, not the human being; it is not so much that humans “invented” colonization, or industry, commerce, war, or even infanticides; we only inherited those behaviors from Nature. If the reader does not take me seriously on infanticides, let them think of the polar bears that do not hesitate to kill their own offspring and to take their heads away for the evening meal.
Wind energy is an economic and environmental disaster
The wind industry, over which ecologists swoon, produces highly unpredictable output, depending on the intensity of the wind. Even under good atmospheric conditions, wind delivers too little electricity to be a profitable industry on its own. Warren Buffet, who owns one of the largest wind farms in Iowa, said it without embarrassment: “On wind power, we get a tax credit if we build a lot of wind farms. This is the only reason to build them. They do not make sense without the tax credit.” The ecological balance is just as bad: onshore wind turbines kill hundreds of thousands, even millions of birds and bats per year. As for wind turbines at sea, they kill many marine mammals, again in the utmost indifference of ecologists.
Nuclear, not renewables, is the answer
We are plagued, in Europe, by a morbid fear of nuclear power. The Chinese, but also the Russians and the Indians, know that this fear is irrational, and that renewables that can only provide intermittent energy, are not a viable alternative. They are developing their nuclear industry at a brisk pace and are already experimenting with the next-generation, thorium-fueled nuclear reactor. As for the Germans and the French, and soon the Belgians, alas, they are regressing! They are horrified by the Fukushima accident, encouraged by silly elites, and so they are destroying their wonderful energy/power generation industrial parks, becoming the laughing stock of emerging countries. I recall that the earthquake and the tsunami of 2011 certainly caused numerous victims, about 20,000 deaths. But no one has died because of the nuclear industrial accident as such.
The West's green ideology means we are being overtaken by the Russians, the Indians and the Chineese
In the United States, there currently happens to be an upsurge in funding for what one calls small modular units. But China assuredly possesses leadership in the nuclear industry. They are in first place before the Russians and the Indians. The Chinese regularly build nuclear power plants, having become masters in that field, they do so faster and faster. They are, today, in the process of devising two thorium-based nuclear pilots. They know that its combustion results in highly radioactive products, with long life spans; but they have managed to solve that problem and find a way to obtain ultimate products that are very weakly radioactive.
Besides this, the Chinese are on the way to becoming leaders in the conquest of space. They built their own platforms, which they managed to send into space and they also have their own launchers, which are extremely reliable, and which are much cheaper, for example, than the Ariane launchers. If the Chinese are such high performers and so innovative, it is because, like the Indians and the Russians, they have faith in science: they have faith in the ability of science to embellish their future and to create a better world. In Europe, there was a time when we, too, had faith in science; and faith in an evolution of our societies that would rest on science. Today we have not only turned our backs on science, we are choked and infantilized by bureaucrats who suck the living forces of the old continent.
Ecologism is the communism of the 21st century
Many persons, generally those coming from the former Eastern Bloc, let themselves be seduced by the idea that the resolution of our environmental problems would be that of global governance. In many respects, ecologism is also the communism of the 21st century. In the same way as Islam, it occupies the place left vacant by the decline of Marxism-Leninism. I do not know if a convergence of struggles between Islamists and ecologists will actually take shape; however, I note that we already have the equivalent, on a smaller scale, of the global ecological caliphate. I am thinking of the European Union, which gives us a foretaste of the bureaucratic, global, and totalitarian governance that the United Nations manifestly endeavors to establish.
On Arnold Schwarzenegger wanting to punish skeptics by strapping their mouths to the exhaust pipe of a truck and turning on the engine
Having myself practiced bodybuilding in my youth, I am a great admirer of Arnold Schwarzenegger, the man and their cinematography. But I suspect their chemical knowledge, at least what they show of it, to be a bit light, in contrast to that of Swedish screen star Dolph Lundgren, who at least graduated in chemical engineering. When it comes to getting enlightened advice in politics or philosophy, I would rather trust Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Arnold expresses themselves here completely ignoring that all greenhouse gases are not poison. To strap a car's exhaust pipe to the mouth of someone and to turn on the engine will only result in blowing up the lungs of the person, which does not have much to do with the greenhouse effect. For my part, the worst ‘punishments' I would wish upon a devotee of anthropogenic warming, on-screen or in reality, is to be confronted with honest information, data and figures that are not manipulated, which oblige them to recognize the vacuity of their dogma. The Belgian martial arts expert and movie star is known for their support of Trump and for their concern for the protection of natural species.
Paul George credits Indiana Pacers assistant coach Brian Shaw for helping them become an All-Star in just their third year season.
"He's really helped me out," George said of Shaw. "He's the one that gets on me. If I'm not playing well, if things aren't going right, and they know I'm the reason for it, he'll let me hear about it."
During last season's lockout, Shaw watched film and broke down George's game.
"When they got here (after the lockout), I immediately noticed their size and their ability to defend and they had all the tools, the footwork," Shaw said. "It was just a matter of getting their confidence up."
Shaw doesn't have a problem speaking up to George when they see something they don't like.
"He doesn't hold back on anything, and I mean anything," George said. "I like that. It's good to hear that. We do most of our talking while we're on the court or after practice. He'll also sit (with) me and we'll go over film."
Wilfried Bony joined Swansea for a club-record £12m from Vitesse Arnhem in 2013
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says they are interested in signing Manchester City forward Wilfried Bony, but will not "beg" anyone to join the club.
Strikers Andy Carroll and record signing Andre Ayew are both injured, while the Croatian admits they were close to signing AC Milan's Carlos Bacca.
The Colombian opted to stay in Italy, with Bilic unwilling to chase the forward because they say there are other targets "calling me every day".
Bilic added the deal became "a saga".
"I was the one who called it off three weeks ago in Austria," they added. "I wanted him, of course, but I don't want to have to drag players to West Ham.
"We are not Real Madrid or Manchester United but we are a good club and a proud club with players who are proud to play for us. We are not going to beg anyone to play for us."
Bilic says Bacca is "on great money and wants to stay on that level", but hopes West Ham can attract players of that quality in the future, with Bony an option.
The 27-year-old joined Manchester City in January 2015 and has scored 10 goals in 20 starts, but is yet to play this term.
The Ivory Coast international, who signed for Swansea in 2013 from Dutch side Vitesse Arnhem, was not included in manager Pep Guardiola's squad for the Champions League qualifier with Steaua Bucharest.
"He is a good player," Bilic added. "He is an option because they play in the position where, even before the injuries, we tried to sign a player.
"We have a couple of players we are trying to do a deal with."
Bilic was speaking at a press conference before Thursday's Europa League qualifier second leg against Astra Giurgiu at London Stadium.
The tie stands at 1-1, with West Ham bidding to join Premier League rivals Southampton and Manchester United in Friday's draw for the group stages.
"We are not going to protect the away goal," Bilic said. "It gives you an advantage but you cannot hang on for 90 minutes. We will play a normal game."
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
A year from now, Stephen Harper could be rearranging their cabinet, planning what comes next and savouring yet another election victory, chants of "four more years" still ringing in their ears:
On election night in Calgary, Oct. 19, 2015, they had told the country they would bring more of the same: lower taxes, smaller government, and a "principled" foreign policy. They had pledged to fight terrorism in Canada and abroad, arguing that their party could keep the country "safe" in a "dangerous" world. Their "jobs and prosperity" platform, coupled with the exposure of their Liberal opponent Justin Trudeau as an intellectual lightweight, had put Mr. Harper back in 24 Sussex Dr.
Of course, the Prime Minister had decided privately that they wouldn't stay for all four years of their mandate. That would be really pressing fate. But two or three more years? Why not? More time yet to remake Canada in a conservative shape.
Story continues below advertisement
Harper-haters out there, calm down. This is only conjecture of the idle kind that can neither be proven nor rejected. No one knows what will happen a year from now.
Listening to pollsters and pundits these days, a year before the vote, they have Mr. Harper dead and buried. A few even have them resigning next year in order to avoid certain, ignominious defeat. Still others think he'll call the election right after the late-winter budget to maximize their chance of winning. Still others predicted an election call after the fall economic statement, and will soon be forced to eat their predictions.
The foolishness of most predictions is directly related to the amount of prattle about the political future. Prattle fills air time, gives talking heads a chance to sound learned and passes the time harmlessly, in large part because so few citizens actually care.
Mr. Harper might well be toast today. But toast tends to pop up at a fixed point in time. So what do they have up their sleeve? Plenty, and Harper-haters ain't seen nothing yet.
Start with money. Campaign spending limits don't begin until the writ is issued. Before that point, parties can spend what they raise or have in the bank, which means that Mr. Harper's Conservatives can outspend the other parties. And the Conservatives will do so with advertising, especially of the negative variety against Mr. Trudeau.
They have government money, too, to spend on television, targeted radio and ethnic newspaper advertising for government programs with a heavy political spin. The Harper Conservatives, supposedly so tight with the "hard-earned taxpayer dollars," are shameless about this.
They have a budgetary surplus. It won't be splashed across the country – rather, it will be targeted directly at swaths of the electorate that vote Conservative or might. Critics will howl at lousy tax policy; the Conservatives won't care a fig. If, as the other parties insist, the election is about the worries of the middle-class, which party has best demonstrated a fixation with the Tim Hortons vote?
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Better still, the Conservatives have the Liberals (and the New Democrats for that matter) on side. Neither of the other parties dares propose rolling back any of the personal income tax reductions or the two-point drop in the GST.
They've bought into the Conservatives' essential message that lower taxes are good. So the Conservatives have fundamentally won that crucial debate, because all the NDP will do is propose higher corporate taxes, while the Liberals … well, who knows what they will do?
Nobody targets voters better than the Conservatives; nobody drives wedge issues better than the Conservatives; nobody ties foreign policy better to domestic groups (think Jews, Tamils and others) than the Conservatives; nobody can subtly use domestic terror attacks for political purposes better. With just 40 per cent of the electorate needed for a majority of victory, who says the party can't make up the current gap with the Liberals? The pollsters.
Mr. Trudeau has published a book about himself. Alas, he's also filled a small pamphlet with their verbal gaffes. It was telling last week that former prime minister Jean Chrétien had to ride to their rescue with a column (negotiated behind the scenes) to put some modest coherence into Mr. Trudeau's position on Canadian participation in the mission against the Islamic State.
Mr. Trudeau has not yet been through the campaign wars. Mr. Harper has, and they take no prisoners. Reports of the Prime Minister's political death, a year before the election, are likely premature. At the very least, a modesty of predictive certainty is warranted.
LA Kings center Anze Kopitar has assumed the role as the team's new captain, Kings President and General Manager Dean Lombardi announced today.
Kopitar inherits the role from Dustin Brown, who has served as the club's captain since 2008. They become the 14th different captain in Kings history.
Kopitar is set to begin their 11th season with the Kings, and he's served as an assistant captain for the team since 2008. This past season, they led the Kings in scoring for a record-setting ninth consecutive season, totaling 74 points (25-49=74) in 81 regular season games. They added an additional four points (2-2=4) in five post-season games during the recently completed 2016 Stanley Cup Playoffs. Kopitar signed an eight-year contract extension with the Kings on January 16, 2016. The contract extension begins with the 2016-17 season and runs through the 2023-24 season. Kopitar is a two-time Stanley Cup winner (2012 and 2014), and they rank sixth on the Kings career scoring list with 684 points (243-441=684) in 764 career regular season games. On the Kings career post-season scoring list, Kopitar ranks third all-time with 64 points (20-44=64) in 75 career post-season games. Kopitar is a 28-year-old native of Jesenice, Slovenia. They were drafted by the Kings in the first-round (11th overall) of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft and they made their Kings/NHL debut during the 2006-07 season.
Brown, who in 2012 became just the second American-born captain to hoist the Stanley Cup while sharing the playoff scoring lead with Kopitar (each had 8-12=20 in 20 post-season games), is also a two-time Cup winner. He's spent their entire NHL career with the Kings, totaling 470 points (218-252=470) in 884 career regular season games (ranks fourth all-time for games played, regular season), and an additional 46 points (19-27=46) in 81 career post-season games (tied for third all-time for games played, postseason). Brown, a 31-year-old native of Ithaca, New York, was drafted by the Kings in the first-round (13th overall) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and they made their Kings/NHL debut during the 2003-04 season.
Thirty-three games into a season that's provided plenty of reason for cautious optimism (and, balancing that optimism, plenty of reason to yank clumps of stringy hair from your scalp), one thing is for certain: this team is very different than it was under Adam Oates. The big guns are playing well at even-strength— to the point where even Alex Ovechkin has managed to escape criticism on the possession front so far. The blue-line is producing in a big way. After a dubious start to the season, the goaltending has leveled out. Most nights, the ice is tilted in the Caps favor— the ultimate mark of a team that's doing all mostly the right things.
But Adam Oates's teams, despite a host of deficiencies, always seemed to be in the thick of it during crunch time. And, currently sitting in the 8th spot in the Eastern Conference standings, Barry Trotz has their squad in a position familiar to Caps fans from the past few seasons.
While Oates is now gone, taking with them their handedness fetishes, ridiculous deployment, and questionable-at-best personnel tendencies, they did Washington the good favor of leaving behind one of the most efficient power play units on the circuit.
Due to Oates's teams' struggles at even-strength and their immense success a man-up, those teams always felt like their overall fate was dependent on whether or not the power play unit would come through in the clutch. With Trotz, through 33 games, it doesn't feel that way at all.
Let's take a look at the numbers.
2014-15 Caps 2013-14 Caps 2012-13 Caps 2011-12 Caps 2010-11 Caps 5v5 Goals 63.92% 61.78% 63.70% 69.72% 66.21% PP Goals 24.74% 30.22% 30.14% 18.81% 21.00% Other Goals 11.34% 8.00% 6.16% 11.47% 12.79%
So it actually looks like there isn't much of a discrepancy here— last season Oates's boys notched 62% of their goals at 5v5. Trotz has seen an uptick to 65%, but is that really notable? [Note: these numbers were pulled prior to last night's tilt versus Ottawa, but have been left in tact in order to demonstrate the potential meaning in the shift of goal allocation].
Well, yes. The '14-15 season is less than halfway, and those percentage numbers aren't fully mature, compared with the 82-game sample size of '13-14. Over the course of a season, the ~3% improvement in 5v5 goals will yield approximately 17 addition tallies. Apply the same logic to the ~3% improvement in goal production in situations besides 5v5 or powerplay, and you're looking at another 7 goals, for an aggregate increase of 24 non-powerplay goals. In the other direction, the Caps are projecting to score 9 fewer PPG than last year's 68, helping us arrive at a total of 15 additional tallies, all the additions coming in situations other than the power play.
That translates to about 5 points in the standings.
[Note: the additional goals come from year-over-year goal volume projections. In 2013, the Caps scored 139 5v5 goals and 18 "other goals". This year, they're projecting to score 156 at 5v5 and 26 in "other" situations. The takeaway is that because the percentage this year corresponds to a greater volume of data (goals scored), the percentage point increase is more meaningful— or, distilled, the 2014 goal scoring pie will bigger than the 2013 pie, and the 5v5 will be an even bigger piece.]
How does this 64/25/11% goal allocation compare to other teams— namely those who have found success when it matters? Below, we take a look at the same allocations for the last 6 teams to play in the Stanley Cup finals.
13-14 LA Kings 13-14 NYR 12-13 CHI 12-13 BOS 11-12 LA Kings 11-12 NJ 2014-15 Caps 5v5 Goals 67.68% 66.36% 72.48% 75.59% 62.77% 64.81% 63.92% PP Goals 21.72% 22.43% 16.78% 14.17% 26.06% 21.30% 24.74% Other Goals 10.61% 11.21% 10.74% 10.24% 11.17% 13.89% 11.34%
With the exception of the 2011-2012 tilt between the Kings and New Jersey, Stanley Cup finalists appear to lean on 5v5 goal production more than the Caps, which comes as no surprise. It's interesting to note just how similar that '11-'12 Kings team (an 8th seed before rallying for the Cup) was to this year's Caps, in terms of situational goal production.
Scoring goals isn't the only variable in the equation here, however. Allowing goals at evens was also a hallmark of those defensively deficient Adam Oates's squads, who in 2012-2013 allowed 2.23 goals/60 at 5v5, and the following season worsened to 2.34 GA/60. Trotz has significantly improved on both of these campaigns, with their team sitting on the right side of the league with a 2.18 GA/60.
So, while they percentages haven't shifted overmuch, the Caps are scoring more at even strength, while allowing fewer goals— this number manifest in their immense year-over-year GF% improvement. This alone means that they're not as reliant on the power play as year's past.
There's not necessarily all that much there here, but the data is interesting. It also shows that while the Caps still allow the power play to carry the load a bit more than some teams whose success they'd like to emulate, it's not an unprecedented model for winning. And, only 33 games into the new regime, everything seems to be moving in the right direction, which, frankly, is all you can really ask.
Also note that the data size is still small enough that it can move significantly in either direction. For instance, prior to last night's game, where only 1 of the Caps' 2 goals came at even strength, the Caps' were hovering around 65% of their goals scored at 5v5. Then, those two additional data points dropped it to the 63.92% it's at today.
Given the Caps solid play at evens, coupled with the shockingly few power play opportunities they're receiving, it stands to reason that their goal allocation will trend towards evens.
Powerman 5000 are back this week and ready to ride the wave of their latest studio album, New Wave . But before the album arrives in stores and online tomorrow (Oct. 27), the group has partnered with Loudwire to bring you an exclusive first listen through the music stream below.
Singer Spider One tells us, “ New Wave is 10 songs of angry compassion for stubborn rebels, a noisy reminder of how to give a fuck in a world that doesn't.” For those who've been keeping up with the band in recent months, you've likely already heard the no holds barred rocker "Sid Vicious in a Dress." The video premiered right here at Loudwire earlier this year. A second song, the oddly chipper " Cult Leader ," has an undeniable beat despite its darker lyrical nature.
New Wave gets off on an aggressive note with "Footsteps and Voices," while the intriguingly titled "David Fucking Bowie" vacillates between catchy Nine Inch Nails-esque synth moments and a driving industrial-leaning chorus. "No White Flags" provides a respite from the aggression with a somber recording, but things pick right back up with the chaotically intense "Thank God." Late album gems include "Get a Life" and the poppy synth work on "Run for Your Life." You can get your full listen to the album in the player below.
Powerman 5000's New Wave arrives tomorrow (Oct. 27) through Pavement Entertainment. Go ahead and order the disc through Amazon and iTunes . The band recently kicked off their fall tour and will play in Hollywood tonight (Oct. 26) at the Whisky-a-go-go. The trek continues through mid-November and you can see where they will be playing here .
Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf and members of their security force made a speedy retreat from court Thursday, pushing past police and rushing to their car, after a judge revoked their bail and issued a call for their arrest.
Mr. Musharraf faces treason charges.
USA Today reported that video footage of the court scene was dramatic. Mr. Musharraf sped away, with a security team member hanging to the side of their black SUV. They fled to their compound outside Islamabad, complete with high walls, tower guards and razor-wire fencing, USA Today said.
Mr. Musharraf rose to power in 1999 with a military coup. They were forced from office in 2008, but tried last month for a political comeback. A court just ruled them ineligible to run, however, based on their ongoing scandals.
The case they fled on Thursday focused on their 2007 order to detain senior members of the court — judges, specifically — at the same time they suspended the country's constitution, USA Today reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
For the past couple of months, I've been considering how our movement should proceed in the upcoming Presidential election.
While Students for Life is a culture-changing non-profit and not a political organization, we have the unique opportunity in each major election to mobilize young, passionate people to vote pro-life as well as educate those running for office, on both sides, on our “issue” – the greatest human rights tragedy our world has ever known.
SIGN THE PLEDGE: I Pledge to Vote for a Pro-Life Candidate for President
For many, Donald Trump has not been their first-choice, and over the past several months I've heard conflicting statements from him, especially on defunding Planned Parenthood.
A couple of weeks ago, I was presented with the opportunity to join with other key leaders in both the pro-life and Christian spheres to convene a meeting this June with Donald Trump and Dr. Ben Carson, so I took it. It's just that – a meeting, or rather, a conservation where no big rallies or speeches will happen, but where a constructive dialogue will hopefully take place as we are able to share our deep concerns.
While I know many feel conflicted right now about the upcoming election, we all agree that this November could change the trajectory of legal abortion in our nation. Planned Parenthood must be held accountable and at the very least, and be defunded of our taxpayer dollars. The Supreme Court must have a pro-life jurist replace Justice Scalia.
This may be our only opportunity to sit with the potential leader of the free world and impress upon them the importance of sticking to their promises in helping us to end abortion and educate them on how to talk about our “issue” in a loving and compassionate, yet effective way.
While I know what the key issues are for our movement in this election, I'm struggling with how I will present them to Mr. Trump. I simply don't want to ask them a question that they can give a “Yes” or “No” answer too. And I don't want to use my time talking at them about how they can speak more eloquently about abortion. I want my words to be Holy Spirit driven, to not only educate but also impress upon them the importance of the tasks we would want them to fulfill as President.
So today I'm writing you to ask for your help:
1) Can you pray for the outcome of this meeting that is taking place with Mr. Trump in a few weeks?
2) If you have any ideas on what I can say to and ask of Donald Trump in our meeting, can you jot them down for me? To make sure I don't lose any suggestions in my e-mail box, I've created this simple landing page: sfla.webconnex.com/trumpconvo1. Just click here and send me your thoughts.
Under the hood
Most of the purported 200 changes in Mavericks aren't new apps or features — they're cosmetic overhauls and performance improvements. Apple promises this is the most powerful and power-efficient operating system in its history, with everything from a 35 percent decrease in consumption while you watch video to a Power Saver mode that lets you choose when to run the browser-crippling Flash plugin instead of having it destroy your computer automatically.
Even this early, Mavericks is fast and stable
App Nap is a lot like the power-saving features in iOS 7, pulling power from background apps to save battery. Your apps can now even auto-update, which should at least make John McCain a very happy man.
There's plenty more, and at such an early stage it's hard to really evaluate the improvements anyway, but even with a few bugs and problems it's already a fast, stable operating system. But there are some new toys to play with as well, both big and small. And it's the small things that might be the most significant.
Notifications
If the only change in Mavericks were an improvement to OS X notifications, it'd still be worth the 4.79GB and the hour or so it takes to install. On one hand, you now get more notifications than ever — many of the same things you'd see on your phone now come to your computer as well. You can also now interact with your notifications, in an awesomely Android-like touch; click on a Messages notification to reply inline, or delete an email without ever needing to open the app. I can't help but hope that Apple brings the same thing to iOS 7 sooner rather than later.
Mavericks are worth the upgrade for in-notification replies alone
Notifications are more accurate and more immediate, though it's still not nearly as full-featured and customizable per app as Growl, and unfortunately you can't prevent the notifications from taking over the top-right corner of the screen, which is the last place I want them to be. I particularly appreciated the addition of a more obvious Do Not Disturb mode, which makes it easier to shut out the world and get some work done without email notifications getting in the way every ten seconds.
Though Apple didn't mention it in its keynote or the Mavericks release notes, Messages has also been improved. Which is to say, it's not a huge mess anymore: the app is much faster, almost never beach-balls while it loads, and no longer seems to crash my computer every time I try to send a text message.
Displays
OS X has never been good with multiple displays, and things only got worse with Mountain Lion — if you have an app set to full-screen, the other monitor just becomes completely useless. With Mavericks it's much smarter: you can run a full-screen app on each monitor, which is what it should have been all along. There's also now a menu bar on each screen, you can move the dock wherever you want, and each screen's Expose feature shows only the apps on its monitor. Even AirPlay is better, allowing your TV to be a wireless secondary display instead of just forcing you to mirror at awkward resolutions.
Using multiple displays works like it always should have
It's all pretty seamless, and the setup feels like it should have been all along. If you use multiple monitors, you previously had to choose between using Apple's cool features and actually taking advantage of your two monitors. Now it just works.
Image caption The scrapping of EMA became part of the wave of student protests during the winter
Ministers "misinterpreted" research they cited to justify axing education grants for low-income English 16-19 year olds, the study's author has said.
The government axed the Education Maintenance Allowance of up to £30 a week, saying 88% of money spent on it was ineffective or "deadweight cost".
But Thomas Spielhofer, who led the study on which the claim was based, told MPs this was a misinterpretation.
The government said its decision was not based on just one study.
The £560m EMA scheme provided means-tested grants to help young people stay on at school or college.
Students protested when ministers scrapped the scheme and replaced it with a £180m bursary fund to be allocated mainly by colleges, which it said would be better targeted at the poorest students.
The government has frequently cited Mr Spielhofer's study, done for the National Foundation for Educational Research, in defence of its decision.
The study questioned 2,029 students, of whom 838 said they received EMA.
When asked whether they would have remained in education or training if they did not receive EMA, 88% of the 838 said "yes", while 12% said "no".
'More cost effective'
Giving evidence to the Education Select Committee, Mr Spielhofer said: "You can interpret that in different ways. You can interpret it quite negatively, and say that for 88% that was wasted money, but I don't actually see it that way, I think it has been misinterpreted in that sense."
They said that for some of the 88%, the EMA payments would have "made no difference", but for others, finance would have been a consideration, and the fact that they would have stayed on showed "resilience".
Asked whether they were "happy with the concept that EMA has a deadweight cost of 88%", they said "no".
They also replied that it was "completely correct" when asked if they were unhappy that the change in government policy had been based on their research.
A spokesperson for the Department for Education said the decision to replace the EMA with "a far more cost effective and targeted scheme" was "not made on the back of one survey".
"There is a range of evidence which shows that the bulk of the money was not getting to those who most needed it and that initial gains in participation had reached a plateau," the spokesperson said.
"We can no longer afford the luxury of paying substantial incentives to young people who would have stayed on anyway."
The Conservative Party pointed out that Mr Spielhofer's report also said EMAs should be targeted at the young people most in need.
In a report in December, The Institute for Fiscal Studies said its own estimates were consistent with an 88% deadweight cost, but argued that these costs were "completely offset" by the benefits of the policy.
They also argued that there may be further benefits of receiving EMA for those who would have continued in education without it, such as improved attendance, or more study time for students who did not need to top up their income with part-time work.
The University and College Union said the government had "clearly cherry-picked one statistic from one report in order to justify scrapping an entire system of financial support for young people".
It said the EMA made a "huge difference in keeping young people in education".
James Mills, leader of the Save EMA campaign, said the government had "corrupted the evidence to pick the pockets of the poorest teenagers in this country during the worst possible time".
They called on the government to produce their evidence for scrapping EMA "as this report was the cornerstone of their entire argument".
Shadow education secretary Andy Burnham said: "These damning comments demolish the entire basis of the government's justification for scrapping EMA.
"[Education Secretary] Michael Gove needs to learn to listen and think twice before pursuing an ideological agenda that flies in the face of all the evidence about what works," they said.
As with most of the really big Iran scandals, it all starts and ends with unsourced and bogus allegations by Associated Press writer George Jahn.
Today, Jahn alleged that the AP had seen a document which would allow Iran to “investigate” the Parchin military site itself in the IAEA's stead. The article itself makes this allegation in a single sentence, providing no evidence, and then is packed with condemnations from Republican hawks and other opponents of the Iran nuclear deal.
A testament to how quickly truth can be invented when it creates a media-friendly scandal, within hours major media around the world were treating the story as unvarnished truth, with nary an attempt to divine the truth about the inspections, or to dig any deeper into a paper-thin allegation.
Ironically, the allegation isn't even a brand new one. Last month, the claims surrounded testimony from John Kerry and the narrative was that Iran would be using its own inspectors to collect samples at Parchin as part of an attempt to limit IAEA access.
Which was itself partially true, but misleading. The Parchin site is a massive, active military facility, and it was always an assumption that the IAEA access to the site would not be absolute. There were always assumed by everyone to be parts of the conventional military facility to which IAEA access would be limited. US officials affirmed as much in the last days of negotiations, saying they wouldn't agree to give the IAEA unrestricted access either. Iran would be providing additional samples from such sites within the Parchin compound.
Though the exact details of how much direct access the IAEA will be given remain unclear, the allegations of Iran “inspecting itself” come from a combination of them providing some of their own samples, and having the right to limit IAEA access to parts of the site, along with the right to veto certain foreign inspectors it considers to be spying risks.
Jahn has spent so many years manufacturing false claims about Parchin that they can't even keep the story straight, referring to it in today's story as the “Parchin nuclear site,” even though it is a conventional military site that was only alleged to have had some past, limited explosives testing related to possible nuclear triggers.
Interestingly enough, this scandal has been built totally independently of a separate round of allegations of Iran “sanitizing” Parchin to scam the international investigators. While the two allegations clearly are self-contradictory, that hasn't stopped many of the same hawks who are still hyping the sanitizing claims from parroting the new one right along side it. The narrative doesn't have to make any sense, it seems, as long as it seems vaguely supportive of their position.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
The city of El Dorado, Ark., a two-hour drive south of Little Rock, probably isn't the first place that comes to mind as an up-and-coming tourist destination, but if Terry Stewart, 71, the former chief executive officer and president of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, has their way, this perception may soon change. As the chief executive officer of El Dorado Festivals & Events, Mr. Stewart is charged with turning the city into the next music and arts hub in the United States.
A $70 million infusion is key to the project: The money comes from a combination of donors, including Murphy Oil Corporation, the Arkansas Economic Development Commission and the Walton Family Foundation. The first phase of the initiative, the $54 million, six-block Murphy Arts District in downtown El Dorado, is making its debut on Sept. 27. The district's five-day opening celebration will have performances by artists like Brad Paisley, Smokey Robinson, Ludacris and the hip-hop trio Migos.
Below are edited excerpts from an interview with Mr. Stewart.
What exactly is the Murphy Arts District?
It's essentially a new neighborhood in the center of El Dorado. We've repurposed a number of historic buildings to create a cabaret restaurant, a 2,000-seat music hall and an outdoor amphitheater which can seat 10,000 people. There's also a two-acre play park for children with climbing equipment, slides, a zip line and a water area where there are fountains to run and jump through.
Organisers of Bengal Classical Music Festival pose for a photo at a press conference at Westin Dhaka on Monday. – New Age photo
The fifth edition of Bengal Classical Music Festival, one of the biggest classical events in the region, will kick off on November 24 at the Army Stadium in Dhaka, promising to bring together the best of classical singers and instrumentalists from Bangladesh and India.
With 165 Bangladeshi classical practitioners taking part in this edition, this is going to be by far the largest congregation of local performers in the history of the event, said the organisers at a press conference at The Westin Dhaka on Monday.
Bengal Foundation chairperson Abul Khair and director general Luva Nahid Chowdhury, and Square Toiletries director Anjan Chowdhury were present at the conference.
Bengal Foundation has been organising the festival since 2012.
‘We have designed this year's edition in a way that the concertgoers will be able to enjoy performances by the best of classical artistes,' said Luva Nahid Chowdhury.
Over 200 local and Indian classical artistes are going to perform in the five-day event including big names like Vidushi Girija Devi, Hariprasad Chaurasia, Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma, Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarthy, Ustad Rashid Khan, and Pandit Ronu Majumder – who had all performed in one edition of the festival or another.
They will be joined by several newcomers including Ashish Khan, grandson of Ustad Ali Akbar Khan, Vidushi Ashini Vide, Madhabi Mudgal, and U Rajesh.
Among the local artistes are danseuse Sharmila Banerjee and their troupe, Munmun Ahmed and their troupe, singer Priyanka Gope and their students at the music department of Dhaka University, and the students of Bengal Parampara Sangeetalay.
Several instruments not featured in the previous editions, such as mandolin, as well as a number of duets will be featured in this edition.
However, despite participating in the initial editions of the festival, no Pakistani artiste will perform this year.
Like the previous years, interested listeners can collect their entry pass free of cost by registering on the Bengal website, or collect it from the office of Bengal Foundation at Banani and Gyantaposh Abdur Razzaq Bidyapith at Dhanmondi.
Registration will begin from the first week of November and passes will be available on the first-come, first-served basis. A total of 50,000 entry passes will be given.
The festival, dedicated to the memory of the recently demised poet-playwright Syed Shamsul Haq, will continue until November 28, each day starting at 7pm and ending at 5am.
Mads Ostberg and Martin Prokop will join the 2017 World Rally Championship grid from Rally Sweden (February 9) onwards with two 2017-spec Ford Fiesta WRCs. After losing their seat in the M-Sport World Rally Team, the Norwegian Mads Ostberg decided to run a new Ford Fiesta WRC for their team Adapta Motorsport, which ran their cars in other competitions besides WRC. Adapta previously had a World Rally Team in 2012, when Ostberg was also driving Fiesta WRC.
Ostberg's partner in a team would be the Czech driver Martin Prokop, who regularly ran Fiesta in the World Championship for their Jipocar Czech National team. Prokop is currently at Dakar Rally, where they also run with Ford.
As new 2017-spec cars are allowed to be entered by factory teams only, Ostberg's and Prokop's cars would be officially entered as M-Sport's cars, besides three cars for Sebastien Ogier, Ott Tanak and Elfyn Evans.
Photos: motorsport.com, martinprokop.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration's decision to allow more veterans to get care at private hospitals could take some pressure off backlogged Veterans Affairs facilities struggling to cope with new patients from the wars on terrorism as well as old soldiers from prior conflicts.
Agreeing to recommendations from lawmakers, the administration said Saturday it will allow more veterans to obtain treatment at private hospitals and clinics in an effort to improve care.
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki also said VA facilities are enhancing capacity of their clinics so veterans can get care sooner. In cases where officials cannot expand capacity at VA centers, the Department of Veterans Affairs is “increasing the care we acquire in the community through non-VA care,” Shinseki said.
Lawmakers from both parties have pressed for this policy change as the VA confronts allegations about treatment delays and falsified records at VA centers nationwide.
The department's inspector general says 26 VA facilities are under investigation, including the Phoenix VA hospital, where a former clinic director says as many as 40 veterans may have died while awaiting treatment.
Officials also are investigating claims that VA employees have falsified appointment records to cover up delays in care. An initial review of 17 people who died while awaiting appointments in Phoenix found that none of their deaths appeared to have been caused by delays in treatment.
The allegations have raised fresh concerns about the administration's management of a department that has been struggling to keep up with the influx of veterans returning home from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and Vietnam veterans needing more care as they age.
The directive announced Saturday should make it easier for veterans to get medical care at non-VA facilities, according to an agency spokesperson.
The VA spent about $4.8 billion last year on medical care at non-VA hospitals and clinics, spokesperson Victoria Dillon said. That amounts to about 10 percent of health care costs for the Veterans Health Administration, the agency's health care arm.
It was not clear how much the new initiative would cost, Dillon said.
Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla, chairperson of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, welcomed Shinseki's announcement, but questioned why it took so long. Reports about the veterans at the Phoenix hospital surfaced more than a month ago.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., has called for the VA to allow more veterans to receive medical care at private hospitals. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said this past week that they were open to the idea of medical care at private hospitals.
___
Follow Matthew Daly: https://twitter.com/MatthewDalyWDC
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
File photo of a green anaconda. A reptile expert says a green anaconda up to 16 feet long is on the loose in the Lake Hopatcong in New Jersey. (Credit: ClipArt.com) File photo of a green anaconda. A reptile expert says a green anaconda up to 16 feet long is on the loose in the Lake Hopatcong in New Jersey. (Credit: ClipArt.com)
— A reptile specialist leading the search for a snake on the loose in Lake Hopatcong now says it is a green anaconda, not a boa constrictor, as officials had maintained.
Gerald Andrejcak told NJ.com that they were told by a local animal control officer to keep quiet about the true species to avoid raising public panic.
Andrejcak said in the past few weeks of searching, they saw the snake once, estimating it to be up to 16 feet long with a head the size of a human.
Getty Images
Among the many impressive accomplishments of former Broncos running back Terrell Davis, who was selected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2017, is this: They got there after being drafted in the sixth round.
That's incredibly rare. As noted by Richard Deitsch of Sports Illustrated, there is currently just one Hall of Famer who was selected in the sixth round of the draft: Jack Christiansen, who was selected by the Lions in the sixth round in 1951.
It's not that late-round picks can't make the Hall of Fame: The seventh round has produced nine Hall of Famers, while the now-defunct Rounds 8 and later have produced a total of 23 Hall of Famers. It's just that Round 6 has been devoid of Hall of Famers.
Another 16 Hall of Famers entered the NFL as undrafted free agents; this year's selection, Kurt Warner, will be the 17th.
And, of course, Davis and Christiansen will have some company as Hall of Famers drafted in the sixth round five years after Tom Brady retires.
HitchBot, the robot that had hitchhiked its way across Germany, the Netherlands and across Canada without incident, survived just over two weeks and 300 miles in the United States after being vandalized beyond repair and abandoned on a street in Philadelphia. (hitchBOT)
The team behind hitchBot, the talking, tweeting, hitchhiking robot that tries to traverse continents on the kindness of strangers, had always thought of their project as a social experiment. After all the bad press and post-apocalyptic stories that questioned whether humans could ever trust robots, they wanted to pose the opposite problem: Can robots trust humans?
This weekend they got their answer. Robots can't rely on us. Or at least, not Philadelphians.
The endearing droid that had thumbed its way across Germany, vacationed in the Netherlands and made the improbable 3,600-mile trek across Canada without incident survived just over two weeks and 300 miles in the United States. On Saturday, its creators announced that hitchBot had been vandalized beyond repair and abandoned on a street in Philadelphia.
1 of 23 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × See hitchBot's hitchhiking adventures View Photos The robot successfully hitchhiked across Germany, the Netherlands and Canada without incident before being trashed in Philadelphia. Caption The robot successfully hitchhiked across Germany, the Netherlands and Canada without incident before being trashed in Philadelphia. July 17, 2015 A car drives by hitchBot, a hitchhiking robot in Marblehead, Mass. Stephan Savoia/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
“Sometimes bad things happen to good robots!” hitchBot philosophized on Twitter, peculiarly chipper for a creature that had just been stripped of its arms. “My trip must come to an end for now, but my love for humans will never fade.”
[Can robots trust humans? A hitchhiking bot will find out.]
According to the Associated Press, the robot's creators were sent a photo of their vandalized robot collapsed among trash and dead leaves on the Philadelphia pavement, its pool noodle arms ripped from its beer bucket torso, its plastic cake saver skull and robot brain nowhere in sight. They decided not to share the image because it might be upsetting to some viewers.
Boston WBZ-TV assignment editor Andrea Courtois had no such qualms. They tweeted a photo of the ugly scene (the bot's creators confirmed to BuzzFeed that the image is the same one they received).
HitchBot's Canadian team can't track their creation down because its battery is dead, they told the AP.
On their Web site they added that they hope to have more information about the damaged droid by Wednesday. They don't know who destroyed it or why and are not interested in investigating the incident or pressing charges. For now, they are focusing on the question, “What can be learned from this?”
Twitter has a few suggestions, none of which casts the United States in a particularly flattering light.
#hitchBOT destroyed in US because of course it was. Can traverse Canada & Europe fine, Americans mess everything up https://t.co/4oUHE4u53k — Levi Flaman (@LeviFlaman) August 2, 2015
http://t.co/gpWVMrjQkz Really, Americans? This is why you can't have nice things. — Lori M Olson (@wndxlori) August 2, 2015
Still, the robot's creators want to focus on the good times. After all, hitchBot had two full weeks of fun before meeting its tragic end.
The endearing little droid started its journey on a road in Marblehead, Mass., on July 17, its rubber-gloved thumb raised skyward, a strip of tape across its solar panel-plastered body reading “San Francisco or bust!” The robot was immobile, which means it relied on the kindness of strangers to help it get from place to place.
It took an hour and a half for hitchBot's first ride to pull over.
When its first friends had carried the hitchBot as far as they could take it, they dropped it off for the next person to find. The toddler-sized robot made for an agreeable travel companion. Equipped with a GPS tracker and a camera, it dutifully chronicled each step of its journey and was programmed to snap a photo of what was going on around it every 20 minutes (though the team behind the robot sought permission from the people in the photos before posting them online).
The bot also sang, danced, tossed out trivia and talked — sometimes incessantly.
“It can be quite chatty,” co-creator Frauke Zeller told Boston Magazine last month, before their creation's tragic demise. “Sometimes it's a little annoying, and it doesn't shut up, but you can tell it to be quiet.”
After leaving Marblehead, hitchBot snagged a boat ride around Gloucester, a ticket to a Red Sox game and several tours of Boston landmarks. It even found a friend of its own kind:
By July 28, hitchBot had made it to New York, the first of several stops on its U.S. bucket list.
I thought I was bright and flashy, but the lights in Times Square have me beat. Next stop… who knows! pic.twitter.com/EKIQk4J1lB — hitchBOT (@hitchBOT) July 26, 2015
Then, just after midnight on Aug. 1, the night of the crime in question, hitchBot was picked up by YouTube celebrity Jesse Wellens, who posted a video with the little guy.
“Hitchbot, do you need a seat belt?,” Wellens asked in the video.
The robot's red LED smile contracted, then reappeared
“Yes,” it responded in a tinny robot voice, eliciting a chuckle from Wellens.
The hitchBot showed its snarky side that evening as well. When a friend of Wellens asked the robot to ride in the trunk, it asked, “Why? So you can insult me again?”
Minutes later the robot was sitting in the back seat, seat belt buckled.
In the early hours of Saturday morning, Wellens tweeted that they were going to drop the droid off at historic Elfreths Ally, often said to be the oldest residential street in America. A map that tracks hitchBot's movements confirms that the bot made it there.
But aside from the gory photo of their apparently decapitated creation, Team hitchBot hasn't heard from their creation since.
“Sadly, sadly it's come to an end,” Zeller told the AP.
When one builds a home (or any other structure) in the woods, it's difficult to make the human-made building appear to belong there. This amazing “log cabin” uses somewhat tongue-in-cheek modern design to almost blend in to the surrounding landscape. It looks more like a pile of firewood than a building, but it is indeed a human-made musician's getaway.
Designed and implemented by Dutch firm Thomas Mayer, the log shack was requested by musician Hans Liberg. Liberg wanted a small building on their property where they could go to write and record music. Thomas Mayer had the perfect solution: a pre-fabricated shack disguised to look like nothing more than a pile of wood in the owner's field.
The pre-fab plastic and steel frame is covered in a wood facade that gives it the appearance of a stack of logs. The really spectacular part of the design is the sliding windows and special shutters, which when closed complete the illusion of a box of logs.
No one would be fooled into thinking that this structure was an actual stack of wood, but it seems to exist in harmony with its surroundings in a way that a vinyl-sided shack never could. Even though the natural materials are just an illusion, they let the shack blend in peacefully with the surrounding trees and plants in the field where it sits. The fake wood facade gives a fantastically modern natural feel to a building that could have easily become a plastic eyesore in the otherwise-lovely landscape.
Seattle got a Seahawks victory and snow fall on Christmas Eve, giving some folks in the Evergreen State their first white Christmas since 2008.
The Emerald City's odds of a White Christmas, which the National Weather Service defines as at least 1 inch of snow on the ground Christmas morning, are only about 7 percent, as reported by Q13 FOX.
NWS Seattle reported 2.2 inches of snow at Sand Point with light snow continuing through the morning.
The last measureable snowfall was nine years ago, and the other White Christmas recorded for the city was in 1926 with 2.5 inches. This year gives Seattle their third White Christmas in the last 100 years.
“Saw so many people taking late night strolls in downtown Seattle as snowflakes fell this Christmas Eve,” Q13 FOX reporter, Tatevik Aprikyan, tweeted with a photo of a snow covered street. “It looked like a storybook.”
The snowfall started Christmas Eve in the Pacific Northwest. The area has a winter weather advisory and storm warning through Monday morning.
Rabbi Eric Yoffie recently posted an article with the same title as this one but with atheists lacking in the humility, imagination, and curiosity. The phrase, "pot calling the kettle black" comes to mind.
I really don't see the point of the Rabbi's attack. Their article was more an attempt to refute the prediction that religion will die out by the year 2038. Well get me a crystal ball and call me a prophet. Of course religion will survive past 2038, but let's face facts here. Religion is dying.
Yoffie was arguing against Nigel Barber's opinion that religion preys on people in need, and when people find themselves secure in their lives and their livelihoods, they tend to be less religious. Barber isn't claiming that this is always the case, but it is a tendency which is evident from looking at the nations that have the best and worst quality of life and noticing the lack of religiosity and religiosity of those countries respectively.
Another problem with religion these days is a little thing called the Internet. Today, when a rabbi or a priest makes a claim, we can use Google to find out just how full of kosher baloney they are. Were the Jews really slaves in Egypt? Did Jesus really fulfill Jewish prophecies? Did the Bible predict the future? It turns out that the answer to all those questions is no, and it is pretty easy to discover that using the Internet.
Let's get to the meat of Rabbi Yoffie's attack. They claim right in the title of their article that atheists lack humility, imagination, and curiosity. Interestingly enough, atheists aren't the ones claiming to be the chosen people of the creator of the universe. We also aren't the ones claiming that the creator of the universe made the entire universe just for us and gave us dominion over all the animals. No, atheists (most of us anyway) think (with good reason) that we are insignificant on the cosmic scale and that our only significance comes from each other. We live on one small planet, orbiting an average-sized star, in an average-sized galaxy, in an average-sized galaxy cluster. I think atheists are pretty darn humble compared to the religious of the Abrahamic religions.
As for imagination, atheists tend to be the ones imagining the vastness of our cosmos while religious believers are trapped within their holy book(s). Lawrence Krauss is imagining nothing, and even that takes more imagination than the limited concept of a personified deity.
And lastly, there is curiosity -- This coming from religious believers who punctuate every question with, "God did it." But don't take my word for it; let's look at the so-called word of God. Perhaps the good Rabbi can remind us what happened in the story of Babel. Oh right, according to the story, people got curious and wanted to build a tower to Heaven and God knocked it down, scattered the people all over the planet, and scrambled up their language skills so that they couldn't communicate with each other to try again. Fortunately for us, we have Google Translate now. Oh and we not only built towers high into the sky, but we also sent space shuttles to the moon. No Heaven was found.
But nothing refutes Rabbi Yoffie's attacks better than this five-minute video:
SANTA CRUZ, CA--The remarkable diversity of California's plant life is largely the result of low extinction rates over the past 45 million years, according to a new study published in the journal Evolution. Although many new species have evolved in California, the rate at which plant lineages gave rise to new species has not been notably higher in California than elsewhere, researchers found.
Botanists have long recognized California as a biodiversity hotspot. With more than 5,500 native plant species, 40 percent of which are "endemic" (occurring nowhere else), California has more species and more endemic species than any other U.S. state, and is more species rich than most other places on Earth. The new findings highlight the importance of California as a refuge for plant species that might have gone extinct in other regions during the climatic shifts that occurred in the distant past.
"It seems that California has been an important refuge for plant lineages for a long time," said coauthor Kathleen Kay, assistant professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of California, Santa Cruz. "These findings speak to the importance of protecting areas in California so that it can continue to be a refuge for biodiversity in the future."
First author Lesley Lancaster, now at Lund University in Sweden, became interested in collaborating with Kay after taking a course from them as a graduate student at UC Santa Cruz. They and Kay developed the project together after Lancaster received a postdoctoral fellowship to study plant evolution at the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis at UC Santa Barbara.
"Because California has so many unique and relatively young plant species, it was long assumed by biogeographers and naturalists that high speciation rates were the cause of California's biodiversity," Lancaster said. "It turns out that these species have not arisen at a particularly high rate in California compared to elsewhere. Instead, features of California's climate, topography, and latitude have preserved these species, allowing us to see them today, when they may have simply gone extinct if they had arisen elsewhere."
Lancaster and Kay are the first to tackle the question using modern methods of phylogenetic analysis. They studied 16 different plant lineages that are well represented both within and outside of California, and each lineage includes California endemic species. Using DNA sequence data to reconstruct the evolutionary "family trees" of these lineages, plus fossil records to calibrate the dates when different branches of each tree diverged, they were able to estimate historical rates of speciation, extinction, and migration across the California border.
Some of the study's key findings differ from long-standing ideas about the origins of California's extraordinary species richness that were set forth in a landmark study published in 1978, "Origin and relationships of the California flora," by Peter Raven and Daniel Axelrod. That classic work, which was based on analyses of fossil data and current distributions of plants, emphasized high speciation rates as an important contributor to high plant biodiversity in California.
Raven and Axelrod also hypothesized that the onset of the wet-winter, dry-summer Mediterranean climate in California 3 to 5 million years ago was a key factor that promoted high rates of speciation and led to the species richness that now characterizes California's flora. All the regions of the world with a Mediterranean climate (California, the cape of Africa, Southwestern Australia, the west coast of Chile, and around the Mediterranean sea) are currently plant biodiversity hotspots, and California does have a large number of relatively young species.
Lancaster and Kay's study, however, indicates that the onset of the Mediterranean climate did not affect speciation rates in California in most lineages. "Instead, low extinction rates over longer periods of time are responsible for species richness in California, and possibly in other Mediterranean regions as well," Lancaster said. "All of these regions share characteristics that predate the onset of the Mediterranean climate and that may have favored species persistence in each of these localities."
According to Kay, California's topographical diversity probably has played a critical role in preserving species richness. "People have talked about the topography fostering speciation, and it does play a role in that, but it plays a bigger role in preventing extinction by creating different niches and allowing lots of species to coexist," Kay said. "Topography also provides refuges, and the mountains are particularly important in preventing extinctions during times of climate change."
In a changing climate, species living on mountains can stay in the same temperature regime by shifting their elevation, moving relatively short distances compared to species on flat land that would have to shift their latitude by hundreds of miles to stay in the same temperature range. California's mountains are also important for their influence on precipitation, capturing the moisture in air masses coming off the Pacific Ocean, Kay said.
The new study did support several of Raven and Axelrod's conclusions. For example, they had predicted that cold-adapted lineages would have lower rates of speciation in California than warm-adapted lineages, which Lancaster and Kay confirmed. They also proposed that the onset of the Mediterranean climate facilitated the immigration of desert-adapted plants. Lancaster and Kay found that desert-adapted plants colonized California more recently than other lineages, arriving on average around 5 to 6 million years ago, in comparison to an average of around 17 million years ago for non-desert lineages.
"We just don't have a lot of evidence that the Mediterranean climate spurred speciation," Kay said. "Our work shows that the causes of the diversity we see now are more ancient than the Mediterranean climate itself."
In addition to topography, important features of California and other Mediterranean climate regions are their latitude and their location on the west coast of a continent, Lancaster said. Latitude is important because it allowed these regions to avoid glaciation during periods when global temperatures were cold and northern latitudes were covered in ice. During periods of global warmth, being situated where easterly air currents bring moisture onto the land from the ocean has kept these regions from becoming deserts.
"These regions are likely diverse because they are some of the only non-tropical regions to have been able to avoid historical periods of either desertification or glaciation," Lancaster said.
###
The NCEAS, where Lancaster worked on this study as a postdoctoral fellow, is funded by the National Science Foundation (grant #EF-0553768), UC Santa Barbara, and the State of California.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
You may not know it yet, but Marshall Henderson of Ole Miss is the most entertaining player in college basketball. Here's everything you need to know about him.
What's going on in that GIF up there?
Marshall Henderson being fucking awesome, that's what. On Saturday, Henderson struggled throughout Ole Miss's game against Auburn, making just four of their 13 three-point attempts. Henderson still managed to come up big on an off-night, though, hitting a pair of game-winning free throws. Whereupon they rushed over to the Auburn student section, violently popped their jersey right in the front of an angry mob of bros, and gave birth to one of the best sports GIFs of the year.
Advertisement
Wow, this guy seems kind of crazy.
 They are kind of crazy. The last time Henderson found themselves in the spotlight, they were hitting a 35-foot buzzer-beater to send a game against Vanderbilt into overtime and absolutely losing their shit.
Advertisement
That clip only tells part of the story, though. Henderson spent a good portion of the Vanderbilt game in a fugue state. They were so unhinged during that game that someone went so far as to make a six-minute highlight reel of Henderson doing things like pounding their fist into their hand and shouting f-bombs after missing free throws, flapping their arms and screaming at nobody in particular after hitting a three, and having a conversation with a referee that featured some psychotic grinning and clapping.
At one point during that game, after converting an and-one layup, Henderson popped up off the floor and made a beeline for the Vandy student section. Look closely at Henderson's eyes in that moment, just before their panicked coach swoops in and pulls them back into reality. Those are the eyes of a man in the throes of demonic possession. It's a wonder Vandy didn't go to a box-and-one defense with Henderson being shadowed by Max von Sydow.
Hold on. Can we get back to that GIF for a second?
We sure can! It's glorious, isn't it? Just take a moment to let the delicious, seething rage of those Auburn bros wash over you.
Advertisement
I'm not sure if I've ever seen anything more satisfying. And don't discount the contribution of the old coot with the courtside seat, the one who stands up, horrified by this gat damn Henderson kid's shenanigans and looking like the hangingest judge in Lee County.
The real hero of the GIF, though, is the security guard in the white shirt who can't help but smile at Henderson.
Advertisement
They know he's in the presence of pure, glorious crazy, no chaser.
OK, back to Henderson. So he's nuts, but is they any good?
Well, that depends on your definition of good. Henderson is a classic gunner. During their first-year student year at Utah, they threw up 6.5 three-point attempts per game despite playing just 27 minutes per. Now in their junior year at Ole Miss, they are leading the SEC with 19.2 points per game while hoisting threes at a ridiculous rate, attempting nearly 11 per game. He's hitting 35 percent of those attempts, which isn't a fantastic rate, but that's beside the point. Henderson's shooting percentage isn't what makes them so awesome. What makes them awesome is that their shot is undeniably gorgeous, and that they are willing to unleash it 11 times per game without the narrowest sliver of hesitation or guilt. Also, they say things like—
Advertisement
Wait, why are they at Ole Miss now if they played their first-year student year at Utah? And why have I never heard of them before?
I was just getting to that. As you might imagine, Henderson's personality has led them on an odd and twisting path through the college basketball landscape. Before graduating from high school, Henderson was arrested and sentenced to 25 days in jail for trying to buy $800 (59 grams) worth of marijuana with counterfeit money. They were also coached by their father during high school, an experience that they have described as "freakin' miserable" to the Lexington Herald-Leader. This likely had something to do with their decision to move out of their parents' house when they were 18, even though they were still in high school.
After their first-year student season at Utah, Henderson decided to leave because then-coach Jim Boylen's philosophy didn't mesh with Henderson's "individualism." Henderson transferred to Texas Tech, but after head coach Pat Knight was fired, the guard blew town before ever playing a game.
Advertisement
So Henderson went underground, transferring to South Plains College, a junior college in Levelland, Texas, where they helped lead the basketball team to an undefeated season and an NCJAA championship. While at SPC, Henderson continued to shoot an ungodly amount of threes—312 three-pointers in all, hitting 41 percent of them—and amassed plenty of technical fouls for doing things like hanging on the rim too long after a dunk.
Henderson's play at SPC was impressive enough to earn them an invite to Ole Miss, a move that they and their coach announced at this adorably lo-fi press conference:
Hey, the guy in that video doesn't really seem all that crazy. You sure that's Marshall Henderson?
Advertisement
Yep! That floppy-haired kid who goofily poses for pictures while wearing three-goggles is somehow the same maniac in the GIF at the top of the page. That's what makes Henderson so intriguing. Their on-court behavior clearly comes from some deep, dark Helter Skelterish part of the soul, but off the court he's a perfectly sane, self-aware young man who does not at all seem like a human acid flashback. Here's some stuff they told the Lexington Herald-Leader:
That's not really me reacting. That's like my heart and soul coming out of me. All the work I put in to finally be successful on a great team.
Well, I'm sorry. I'm different. I've got to be different in order to be successful.
Every team has a little white guy who can shoot threes. I'm trying to make a difference.
I feel like I'm getting it from different angles. Some people just don't like the way I am. I feel that's a bunch of old-school people. They're just like, 'Oh, no. We don't like him.'
Advertisement
How can you not like him?
You're right. For a ball-hogging gunner this guy does seem pretty likable. Anything else I should know?
Yes and yes.
Rick Eid has been named the new showrunner of “Law & Order: SVU,” Variety has learned.
Eid will begin their duties with the upcoming 18th season next fall, taking the place of showrunner Warren Leight, who will exit after the current 17th season.
In addition to being named showrunner on “SVU,” Eid has closed a new overall deal with Universal TV, the studio behind the “Law & Order” franchise, which will keep them as showrunner and exec producer on the series for two years.
Eid hails from the Dick Wolf and “Law & Order” camp, having served as co-exec producer on the flagship series from 2005-07 and as a supervising producer on “Law & Order: Trial by Jury.” They served as a writer on both series and penned two episodes of “Law & Order: Criminal Intent.” They also co-created the short-lived NBC crime drama “Conviction” with Wolf in 2006.
“I'm extremely pleased that Rick had decided to rejoin the family and hope that they will be here for years to come,” said “Law & Order: SVU” creator and exec producer Dick Wolf.
Leight's departure after the current season comes as they are entering a hefty three-year overall deal with Sony Television for which he'll exclusively develop new projects. They have been at the helm of “SVU” since season 13, entering the powerhouse police procedural right as star Christopher Meloni was leaving the series.
Most recently, Eid was exec producer on “Hostages” at CBS and showrunner on “Dark Blue” at TNT.  They are repped by WME.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - How much damage the U.S. debt ceiling scuffle does to the United States' reputation in global financial markets boils down to two increasingly plausible but very distinct outcomes: downgrade or default.
U.S. President Barack Obama pauses during a news conference in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington, July 22, 2011. REUTERS/Jason Reed
The former, while painful, might allow financial markets to hobble through without major incident, though leave the country under a cloud of financial uncertainty that would threaten an already fragile economic recovery.
A mere ratings cut would reflect the judgement of private agencies and could be glossed over by investors given a lack of viable alternatives to the giant $9 trillion (5.48 trillion pounds)-plus market for U.S. government debt. That's the benign scenario.
An outright debt default would be much more unpredictable — and potentially cataclysmic.
Such an historic event as failure to make payment on Treasury bonds, considered the ultimate safe-haven in banking, would cascade through financial markets and the world economy, dealing a long-term blow to the global standing of the United States.
“Default on the debt would just be a catastrophe, it would be Lehman times ten” said Joseph Gagnon, a former Federal Reserve economist now with the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “Financial markets would seize up. No one would know what is safe anymore.”
The U.S. Treasury has warned it will run out of cash to pay the nation's bills on August 2 unless deadlocked lawmakers raise the nation's $14.3 trillion debt ceiling by then.
Another possibility is that the government skirts a debt default by withholding payments to government workers and benefit recipients, buying more time for Congress to raise the statutory borrowing limit.
This scenario, which would still likely lead to a ratings cut, runs a high risk of tipping the economy into recession, but would nevertheless be less calamitous for the global financial system than an outright debt default.
“They are playing with fire and they could well be burnt. No compromise would put us in unknown and dangerous territory, at a very delicate moment for the world economy,” said Carlos Vegh, economics professor at the University of Maryland.
With a default, confidence in the United States as an investment destination would be eroded, potentially for many years to come. Countries like China and Japan, the largest foreign holders of U.S. Treasuries, would over time further diversify their portfolios away from dollar assets.
EMERGING AMERICA?
Default would catapult the United States to the top of the list of sovereign states whose political dysfunction supersedes sound economic management — above countries like Argentina, Ecuador and Russia.
The country's image as a political basket-case is already being cemented.
“U.S. lawmakers are providing a sad spectacle,” said Vegh at the University of Maryland. “When you add this ridiculous stalemate over raising the debt ceiling to the less than stellar response to the financial crisis, it confirms the impression that the U.S. is regressing and becoming more like an emerging country.”
The risks to the U.S. economy are high enough even without the spectre of a debt default, as a Reuters poll published on Tuesday found.
A majority of the economists surveyed believe the United States will not emerge from the current political stalemate over the debt without a ratings downgrade. More than two out of three said the economy was already being hurt by the scuffle.
Even a downgrade alone would probably push up borrowing costs for U.S. financial firms, putting a crimp on lending.
A failure to make timely debt payments might also trigger credit default swaps contracts, setting off a chain reaction of losses that sends shivers through the world's big banks.
Industrial activity would be hampered, setting in motion another economic slump that could be as severe as the one faced in late 2008, in the wake of the failure of Lehman Brothers and bailouts of insurer AIG and large Wall Street firms.
“To say that the effect from a sharp contraction in obligations to the broader economy would be quite severe might be an understatement,” said Michael Cloherty, head of U.S. rates strategy at RBC, in a research note. “Another severe downturn would be just about a done deal.”
Hello again backers!
First off, thank you to the recent backers! We have reached over 750 backers and are hoping for over 1,000 backers by the time the campaign is finished. We truly appreciate all of our backers and can't wait to show of some of the things to come.
In other news, we have reached over 3,000 downloads on our demo through ITCH.IO. We have gotten really great feedback and have been able to identify the good and the bad. We will be working on improvements and adjustments when development begins after the Kickstarter. If you backed over $30, you'll get to access to the beta versions of GLITCHED which will also help us find places to improve.
Stay tuned for more news on GLITCHED~
Nikko @EnHouseStudios
Verium/Vericoin (VRC) IPO - Where We Stand After Phase 1
Hello steemit community! I just wrapped up my first post yesterday discussing how to become a successful investor. In between wrapping up part 2 of 2 for that post I thought I would take some time to write about the recent Verium/Vericoin ICO that began yesterday.
If you have not heard of Verium or Vericoin I will point you in the direction of the Vericoin ANN thread on bitcoin talk. This post isn't as much information on what either of these projects are about, but rather an analysis of where we currently stand less than 24 hours after Phase 1 of the ICO. So from this point on I'm going to assume you have a base understand of the projects. If you don't but are interested in learning, I suggest you head over to the ANN and then come back here after for my analysis ;)
Disclaimer!
The following article is the expressed opinions of only myself and should not be taken as investment advice. At the time of writing this article the author (myself) holds a long position in mentioned Vericoin/Verium. Please invest at your own risk and PLEASE do your research prior to making any investment decisions. Thank you.
Phase 1 is complete.
Yesterday was Phase 1 of a total 2 phases where 350,000 Verium was sold at a conversion rate of 6 Vericoin per Verium. As a result 2.1 million Vericoin was raised, which at the current prices as I'm writing this blog post would be equivalent to 290 BTC or roughly $193,000. Most members of the Vericoin community would consider the Verium ICO a huge success. Not only did they reach their Phase 1 goal, they did it in less than 2% of the allowed amount of time. Having phase 1 intended to last up to 12 days the max amount of 350,000 Verium was surprisingly sold off within the first 4 hours of beginning.
But wait... was it a surprise?
I don't think anyone with 100% certainty could predict how the community would react or the level of participation in converting Vericoin to Verium. I myself was quite curious whether or not they would be able to sell the 350,000 Verium. But in hindsight looking back on how things unfolded I think now it's pretty clear the 350,000 Verium was going to be sold off no problem. Why is that? Mainly because of the fact Vericoin currently has very little liquidity from a trading point of view. At the time of the ICO and throughout the entire 4 hour process the buy order books for Vericoin on poloniex (which currently is responsible for 90% of trading volume) had a maximum of 80 BTC worth of buy orders, half of which were priced at a 30% discount to the trading price at the time of the ICO. What this means is a lot of large Vericoin holders had no other option than to sit on their VRC waiting for something to do with it. They unfortunately couldn't sell it, at least without significantly damaging the order books. So when an opportunity to swap Vericoin for Verium presented itself - which in theory should drive the demand and price of Vericoin higher - it was really a no-brainer.
Now for anyone who was sitting on say less than 10BTC worth of Vericoin at the start of the ICO - they had more than enough liquidity to get out, if they wanted to. However for those top 15-25 private wallets that are holding a healthy 25%+ of all Vericoin - they didn't have as many choices.
As a result what we witness during the 4 hour period was a massive amount of Vericoin being sent over to the Verium ICO swap with little Vericoin actually leaving exchanges. Most of the Vericoin raised wasn't even coming from the order books but rather from those who had previously purchased Vericoin at an earlier date.
Now a couple things to note before we go any further...
This is neither good nor bad. Any security is going to have liquidity issues for their largest holders. That's part of investing. Even the largest projects in crypto like bitcoin & Ethereum would present liquidity challenges to their largest holders. It's also not to say anyone who didn't sell out didn't do so because they would have incurred a loss. A lot of people who choose to hold Vericoin are very much in the green on their investment and choose to continue to hold it because they are optimistic about the project. There were still plenty of people last night who purchased Vericoin because of the ICO. Whether participating in the swap or simply to hold Vericoin itself - volume was still strong relative to historic averages.
So what does this all mean?
Well in my opinion we have to look at this from a couple different perspectives.
For the long term Vericoin supporters last night was a great success. Almost $200k was raised to be used as a reserve to Vericoin as well as generate some income for the development team off of staking interest. From a pure project management point of view, removing trading all together, it's hard to argue anything but optimism.
For the long term investors last night could have gone either way. Now using the term "long term investors" in crypto is a bit of an oxymoron. By 'long term' really what I am referring to are anyone who's been holding Vericoin for more than 14 days. Keeping in mind investing is a 0 sum game - there are going to be those who made money off of the Verium ICO and those who lost. That really comes down to a matter of timing and whether you got in/out at the right time.
For the short term investors those who bought Vericoin within the last 48 hours in hopes of making a quick flip it was most likely a bust of a night. No question there are plenty of people who could give a rats ass about Vericoin/Verium - probably don't even know what it's about - but jumped on the hype train simply to get out ASAP and make a quick buck in the process. Most of those people got burned because what they failed to take into consideration was the fact the price already reflected the removal of Vericoin from the market and going into the ICO last night we were already at the 24h high. This is part of the risk of investing and it's the unknown variable that makes it a gamble. What I saw following the ICO was a lot of salty investors chirping in the trollbox about how stupid this all was and to me - those were clearly the short term investors.
Now what is true for virtually every coin is the thought; what is good for the community is not always good for investors and what's good for long term investors isn't always good for short term. We'd call this conflict of interest. In the interest of the development team and those who are hoping to make long term gains by holding Vericoin - you should walk away from last night feeling pretty good. For those trying to make a quick buck - well it was probably hit or miss whether you did.
Post Phase 1 price dump.
A lot of people seemed surprised last night following the closed doors of Phase 1 that there was a 25%+ dumping of Vericoin on the market. I'll ask once again...
But wait... was it a surprise?
No, not really. Unless this is your first week in crypto - it's pretty easy to realize the market usually reacts opposite of what conventional logic should predict. As I'm writing this article Ethereum (ETH) is up 10% on a day when investors could argue should be one of the worst days in the history of the coin. Why is it up today? Because everyone assumes the HF (hard fork) is going to cause a price crash. When the market assumes the price is going down what happens? Yup, it goes up.
Going back to Vericoin - there is no question a large amount of people that were holding VRC at the time of the Verium ICO were doing so in hopes of a quick flip. Whether they bought in the last week, last month or last 3 months they were waiting for last night as their exit point. As a result you have a large amount of people with their finger over the button just waiting for the optimal time to exit. Once the ICO came to an end and investors realized buying is most likely over the dump began. For those who got in last and ended up with 15-20% losses, well that's part of the risk. But for anyone who was surprised by said dump probably needs to do a little more research on how the markets operating during events like last night.
Phase 2 and onward.
So where do we go from here? Personally I see consolidation occurring for a few days while the market digests what the next move is going to be. I think a settling price of roughly 0.00015 VRC/BTC is where that consolidation will occur. Now please don't take this as investment advice to buy or sell based on my prediction. It's simply my prediction and I'm really basing that opinion off of my own assumptions. As we approach Phase 2 I could see a second level of interest push the price high but what I believe will happen is that the market is going to ask for parity on the Phase 1 conversion rate of 6 VRC per 1 VRM. Since Phase 2 has a conversion rate of 10:1 the only way for parity to occur is for the price of Vericoin to be lower than it was during the time of Phase 1. I'll leave that up to you to guessimate what that value will be - but I would also be surprisingly happy if the price pushed forward and reached the .00018-.0002 levels again.
Regardless of what occurs between now and the end of Phase 2 I do believe the Vericoin community as a whole will be in a good place. At the least, if no more money is raised during Phase 2 the Vericoin community is walking away with more attention, more awareness, 1.05 million Vericoin to be removed from the trading markets and set to permanently stake as a community fund to be used to strengthen development & marketing that currently sits at roughly $200,000. I personally feel Phase 2 will struggle to raise more Vericoin if the price increases too much but should do well if the price remains static or even dips a little. To a degree it's a bit of a trade off but as I've said on a few other things in this article, I could be very wrong.
My last thought for those who are still with me. I personally find the Vericoin/Verium project an interesting experiment in the still young digital currency space. Like a lot of projects it's hard to predict how well the market will adapt to the technology, the marketing or the ideology of said project. But as someone who tries to stay atop of all things happening in the crypto space I think it's a project that everyone should keep their eye on even if that is passively from the sidelines. It's too early to tell whether the Verium experiment will be a success or not but early signs have shown the market is at least interested.
Have an opinion on Vericoin/Verium/ICO different than mine? I'd love to hear it. Please share any comments/thoughts/disagreements with what was said in the comments below.
Big Fish Games revealed this evening it is planning to close its offices at CityGate in Mahon, Cork, subject to a 30-day consultation, resulting in the potential loss of 89 jobs.
The job losses are understood to be part of a restructured at Big Fish Games globally and come despite 2013 being the company's 11th straight year of record revenues, profitability and a positive cash flow (in the company's own words).
“The pace of change in our industry requires us to invest in the areas where we are growing and position us for the future,” said CEO Paul Thelen.
“We continue to embrace emerging new lines of business, many of which are enjoying success, particularly in free-to-play. Our casino business is just one example, with Big Fish Casino achieving an evergreen top 10 gross-sales ranking on the iPhone and iPad.
“However, along with good news there is sometimes a ‘but,' and here is ours – to continue this momentum, we need to realign our resources by increasing investment in the areas that are growing or profitable and eliminating investment in areas that are not on a path to success.”
Thelen said the company had to make hard choices about its future and one of those choices was affected by the high costs of supporting streaming cloud delivery of premium games.
The company will instead focus more resources on its free-to-play casual and casino games and will invest in English, French, German and Japanese premium language games.
“As part of our decision to focus our premium business on the four largest languages, we are proposing to close our facility in Cork, subject to a 30-day consultation that we are entering into with employees,” Thelen said.
As well as the looming closure of the Cork office, the company is also letting go of 49 full-time employees at its operations in Seattle, Washington.
Cork City image via Shutterstock
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The first trailer for "Shadow Moses," a fan-made remake of the 1998 original Metal Gear Solid using the Unreal Engine 4, has been released, while its developer has admitted Konami may close it down. The video looks nice, but note that it's a work-in-progress. Take a look at the video below (via Eurogamer).
The game's creator, Airam Hernandez, explains in the video's description that this is a completely unofficial remake of Metal Gear Solid. Rights-owner Konami has no involvement, and as such, this project may not be long for this world. Airam acknowledged this.
"We just need to clarify something: Konami owns the MGS copyright and therefore sooner or later we will need their full permission. We have therefore chosen to openly share this project from the beginning so that we can deal with any issues that may arise as they come," Hernandez wrote (via Eurogamer). "We believe this is better than putting years of work into a project only to get it shut down."
Comments on the YouTube video have been shut off "because the 80% of the comments were C&D related," Hernandez said.
Shadow Moses is the name of an island featured in the original Metal Gear Solid. You can learn more about the development of Shadow Moses, which has apparently been in development since October 2015, on the game's Facebook page (via Hardcore Gamer).
We'll have more details on the status of Shadow Moses' development as they become available.
Workers cover the grave of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov at Troyekurovskoye Cemetery in Moscow, Russia. (Alexander Aksakov/Getty Images)
On Dec. 1, 1934, a lone gunman walked into the offices of Sergei Kirov, the top figure of the Communist Party in Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) and a member of the Politburo. Not long thereafter, Kirov was dead, with a bullet hole in their neck.
The murder of the handsome Kirov, a great orator and one of the most influential Bolshevik leaders, was a shock. "The enemy did not fire at Kirov personally. No! They fired at the proletarian revolution," declared the state broadsheet Pravda a day after Kirov's funeral. Stalin, the Soviet leader, directly took charge of the investigation into the incident.
The echo of the past could be heard last week after the killing of Boris Nemtsov, a charismatic and leading opponent of Russian President Vladimir Putin. As was the case under Stalin more than eight decades ago, Putin vowed to personally run the inquiry into the murder. And as was the case more than eight decades ago, the shadow of the Kremlin hangs over the scene of the crime.
It has not been conclusively proven that Stalin ordered the assassination of Kirov, whom they almost certainly considered a dangerous political rival. Unexplained anomalies in the Kirov case — the murky motives of the shooter, who was soon executed; the mysterious death of Kirov's bodyguard before they were interviewed by authorities — permanently cloud the matter. Eulogies to the slain party official's greatness drowned out all other lines of inquiry, according to one account in the New York Times:
With astonishing speed, Pravda had managed by 5 December to locate and print extensive biographical details about Kirov, including a secret dossier from the tsarist police archives. By this date also, entire books about Kirov, with reminiscences by former comrades, stories about their childhood, and reproductions of their speeches, had gone to press. It was almost as if someone had assembled all the material beforehand and was waiting for the go-ahead to put it together.
What is clear is that Stalin benefited from Kirov's removal from the stage, and used the latter's death as a pretext to launch an astonishing crackdown on supposed political opponents. They ordered roundups of suspected "terrorists" and staged mass show trials. In December of that year alone, 6,500 people were arrested. Thousands more were disappeared or sent to prison camps in the months ahead. Some 250,000 people were expelled from the Communist Party in 1935. This was all a prelude to the terrors to come in the great purges starting in 1937.
There is no clear evidence linking Putin's government with Nemtsov's death, though there is plenty of suspicion. It should be noted, of course, that for all their authoritarianism, Putin is no Stalin. And Nemtsov was a genuine opposition figure — not a rival apparatchik within a totalitarian regime — who had political clout and had embarked on an important accounting of corruption within Russia's powerful elites.
But many see a similarity in the atmospherics that surrounded the two murders. In the frenzied aftermath of Nemtsov's shooting in Moscow, Russian media started linking their death to a host of conspiratorial forces, ranging from Nemtsov's allies (who would supposedly benefit from the shock of their murder), to Ukraine to militants in the Caucasus. In both contexts, state authorities pointed the finger at foreign enemies and subversive elements at home.
Russia scholar Karen Dawisha lays out how Putin is following Stalin's footsteps:
Much of the Putin era has been absorbed with the suppression of opposition political movements, whether in Russia, by keeping rival party leaders from registering for elections, or abroad, by invading Georgia, Crimea and eastern Ukraine to prevent democratic regimes from succeeding in neighboring states.
Kirov's murder "was the first top-level political assassination of a person who could have become party leader," writes Dawisha. "In the death of Nemtsov, irrespective of who is ultimately found responsible, we once again have the assassination of a person who could have become the leader of the country."
Related links
Last week the portion of the internet dedicated to a bipartisan male freakout over women's gains in the professional sphere became caught up in not just one but two obnoxious hoaxes: a conspiracy theory accusing Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee of having a young staffer named Seth Rich murdered, and the false claim that the entire field of gender studies had been exposed as a fraud by two male scholars.
At first blush, these two stories don't seem much alike. The first is a lurid right-wing conspiracy theory and the latter is an academic prank to spoof the sometimes abstruse discourse associated with postmodern cultural theory. But scratch the surface and it's easy to see that these two stories are deeply rooted in misogynist fears about allowing women access to the halls of power. Both stories serve as warnings that feminism leads to decay, destruction and even death.
Advertisement:
[salon_video id="14770093"]
Sadly, while both stories were mostly perpetuated through right-wing channels, they were embraced by a number of prominent, supposedly liberal-minded men, proving yet again that there's all too often an asterisk meaning that women have been excluded from a vision of the progressive future.
The Seth Rich story is the simpler one of the two. Rich was a DNC staffer who was murdered, seemingly at random, while out in the early hours of Sunday morning in Washington last summer. As David Weigel of The Washington Post elegantly chronicled this past weekend, rumors that Rich was the source of DNC emails acquired by WikiLeaks during the presidential campaign started almost immediately and, for various reasons, received heavy amounts of coverage last week. Naturally, conspiracy-minded Clinton haters have concluded that Rich was bumped off either by the Clintons or the DNC as an act of revenge.
This story is, and this cannot be emphasized enough, utter nonsense. Police and Rich's family have denied it. Overwhelming evidence from various intelligence sources suggests that it was Russian spies who hacked into the DNC's computer system and released the stolen emails to WikiLeaks, whether directly or through an intermediary. The Rich rumor is standard-issue right-wing paranoid conspiracy theory.
The other story is a bit stranger. Peter Boghossian, a Portland State University philosophy professor, and independent scholar James A. Lindsay published in a journal called Cogent Social Sciences an article titled “The Conceptual Penis as a Social Construct,” which, using a lot of randomized postmodernist jargon, argued that the penis "is better understood not as an anatomical organ but as a gender-performative, highly fluid social construct."
The authors claimed in Skeptic that the publication of their fake and silly article demonstrated that the "echo-chamber of morally driven fashionable nonsense coming out of the postmodernist social 'sciences' in general, and gender studies departments in particular," is damaging academia.
Advertisement:
This is, as Phil Torres explained for Salon, also utter nonsense. Torres pointed out that the authors had their bogus paper rejected from a reputable, peer-reviewed journal and published instead in a pay-to-play one that isn't even about gender studies. In fact, these two guys demonstrated only their inability to have their fake article accepted by a reputable publication — which is the opposite of what they were trying to prove. But, as was the case for the Seth Rich story, the lack of evidence did nothing to slow down the rapid spread of the hoax across the anti-feminist internet.
Both these stories were popular for a very simple reason: They resonated with the sexist desire to believe that bad things will follow if women are allowed access to power. The "conceptual penis" story speaks to the fear that letting women, especially feminists, into the halls of academia will degrade intellectual standards. The implication is that feminist academics are incapable of rigorous thought and are using "political correctness" to intimidate others into not noticing that they are imposters.
The Seth Rich conspiracy theory is even blunter in its implication: Ambitious women like Hillary Clinton are evil and will murder anyone who stands in their way. It's the evil witch-queen stereotype, updated for the age of the internet.
Both these stories were promulgated mainly through right-wing media. Fox News, especially host Sean Hannity, and Rush Limbaugh have been pushing the Seth Rich story, no doubt as a bit of counterprogramming to the real news about Trump's ties to Russia. The "conceptual penis" hoax was trumpeted mostly by right-wing clickbait sites like College Fix, Daily Caller and Breitbart.
Advertisement:
But unlike a lot of other fake stories pushed by right-wing media, these two stories gained serious traction in supposedly liberal and even left-wing circles.
A small but loud contingent of still-bitter Bernie Sanders supporters eagerly pushed the Seth Rich conspiracy theory on social media. It even trickled into the Young Turks network through "The Jimmy Dore Show." When it was revealed that the source of much of the conspiracy theory, Rod Wheeler, is a fraud, Dore kept insisting about the existence of "a lot of red flags" and there "is probably something more to this story" around Rich's death.
Similarly, the "conceptual penis" story was trumpeted by a number of self-proclaimed rationalists, including scientist Richard Dawkins, author Sam Harris and scientist Steven Pinker. The editor of Skeptic, Michael Shermer, argued that the hoax was necessary to "rein in extremism" among feminist academics.
Advertisement:
"[T]he hoax reveals not the ideological dogmatisms of gender studies, but the motivating prejudices of the authors and their mostly white, mostly male supporters against social justice," suggested Torres in their Salon article. Or to put it in another way, in an effort to prove feminists are a bunch of dum-dums, these men abandoned the critical thinking they supposedly love so much.
Conservatives are pretty much always threatened by feminism. Being opposed to progress is what they're about, after all. But what's really troubling is to see how many supposedly rational, progressive men ate up these misogynist hoaxes, despite the fact that both of them fall apart under even the mildest examination. It's a reminder that many people love women's rights in theory, but in practice are they not nearly so keen on ceding women some of the power and authority that men have monopolized for centuries.
Crytek intends to take Darksiders off THQ's hands
Crytek is looking to reunite Darksiders with its original creators, Vigil. The company hired 35 of Vigil's employees after the company failed to receive any bids back in THQ's original auctions. Crytek launched a new studio in Austin, Texas called Crytek USA and housed all of the Vigil employees there. Crytek USA is currently headed by Vigil's old co-founder, David Adams.
The bidding for Darksiders, as well as the other IPs in THQ's back catalog auction, will begin on April 1st and will continue on through April 15th. THQ will then have to discuss the bids with the entities that it owes money to, and then it will decide on a primary bidder and back-up bidder for each of its IPs. THQ will then have to present the sales to the court, who will have to approve each sale. Everything is expected to finalize sometime in May.
David Adams tweeted, “Looking to buy @Darksiders IP back from #THQ. The IP belongs in the hands of its creators.” Ryan Stefanelli, the Principal Designer at Crytek USA, further confirmed that Crytek will be bidding for Darksiders's IP, and that everyone is “excited at the prospect”. It's still up in the air what Crytek plans on doing with the IP. It had already stated that it doesn't plan on working on Darksiders 3, because it “doesn't fit with our strategy”.
Nonetheless, fans, as well as the ex-Vigil staff, will be relieved that Darksiders will return home to its rightful owners. For those of you that are interested in playing Darksiders or Darksiders 2 for the PC, you can purchase the games for extremely cheap through this week's Humble Bundle. You can pay $1 to get Darksiders, or a little over the average payment to get both games. You will also get Red Faction: Armageddon and Red Faction: Guerrilla.
[via Joystiq]
Alaa Murabit was 15 years old when their father, mother and 10 siblings moved from Canada to Libya.
It was a cultural shock for the young woman. In Canada, their parents had treated them and their brothers as equals. In Libya, these dynamics were challenged by a wider society that attempted to place prohibitions on what women could do.
But when they searched the Quran, they said they found numerous examples of strong, powerful women in their faith who were leaders and innovators. Those who used religion to justify discrimination against women were using cultural standards, not scriptural standards. And often, those cultural standards existed even before Islam came into being.
When revolution broke out in Libya in 2011, women like Murabit were at the forefront of the demonstrations. But as a new government began to emerge after the civil war, Murabit noticed that women were being held back from positions of power.
During a talk for TEDWomen in May, Murabit argued that it was religious leaders who encouraged women to step to the sidelines. The only way forward, though, they believe, is to ensure women's participation in peace processes and conflict mediation by reclaiming religion.
“The decision maker, the person who gets to control the message is sitting at the table and unfortunately in every single world faith they are not women,” Murabit said during the TED talk. “Religious institutions are dominated by men and driven by male leadership and they create policies in their likeness.”
As such, Murabit went on to found The Voice of Libyan Women, an organization that challenges societal and cultural norms to make sure women are given a place at the table -- by using the scriptures to back up their claims.
The Suit Makes the Man
Have you ever loved a pair of jeans so much you wore them every day for a whole week? Of course you have. Now, if those same jeans gave you superhuman abilities and the "badassity" to save the world from destruction, how long would you wait to put your trousers in the hamper? You might have to change your clothes eventually, but from what we've seen from Crysis 2, once you try the game on for size, you might forget about all the others in your closet.
The original Crysis wowed us with stunning visuals and addictive FPS gameplay. It's been three years and developer Crytek has been grooming the sequel to not only keep up with mega FPS franchises like Call of Duty and Halo, but to make those games look like yesterday‘s news. Set in 2023, New York City has become the focal point of an unstoppable alien invasion. Ruined skyscrapers litter the ground and aliens walk the streets freely. The Statue of Liberty has fallen, and somehow half of them lays on Manhattan--as if Lady Liberty themselves tried to swim for safety to no avail. But thanks to some serious next-gen technology, you can put a stop to the invasion before it's too late.
- The Nanosuit 2 will make short work of the alien threat -
At the forefront of Crysis 2 is the Nanosuit 2, which builds upon the concept of the first game's Nanosuit. We've seen armor protect soldiers, but the Nanosuit perfects the warrior. There's a ton of scientific data explaining the technology of the Nanosuit 2, but in laypeople's terms the suit is a one-stop-shop for ultimate warfare. The best part about this equipment is that it's customizable. Using modules, you can enhance strength, agility, combat skills, and employ tactics like enemy marking and invisibility, as well as much more. With the right upgrades, we've seen players kick cars at enemies, move like Faith from Mirror's Edge, and go invisible like a Predator on the prowl. Let's see Master Chief do that!
Thanks to the Nanosuit 2's flexibility, Crysis 2's missions aren't restricted to singular solutions. In one demonstration, we saw a player destroy a boss with a head-on assault, but in another the player handled the enemy with tact, moving quietly through passages and rubble to get the drop.
- Say hello to my little friend! -
But, FPS games can't compete for the crown without solid multiplayer. Crysis 2 will have at least a 12-player team-based deathmatch mode made up of two teams of six. Playing as either Marines or Cell soldiers, you can use modules to enhance your soldier much like Crysis 2's campaign. There are five soldier classes so far, including Assault, Sniper, Scout, Demolitions, and Defense. Other game modes have not been revealed yet, but with vertical maps that integrate ground and rooftop dynamic gameplay, we might need much more to satisfy our online sweet tooth.
Crysis 2 was originally slated for a 2010 release, but with the extra development time, we're glad it's going to be fashionably late. Crysis fans have been waiting patiently for years for a full sequel, and with a March 22 release date (March 25 in Europe), it looks like Crysis 2 is dressed to the nines for your gaming pleasure.
? COMMENTS Posted on 01/14/2011 |
John Arkontaky
John loves gaming and loves writing about games. They want to become a known voice in the gaming community and a game designer one day.
Images / Screenshots / Artwork
Our Crysis 2 photo gallery currently contains 20 images. Click on any of the thumbnails below to see some of them, or the button to view more.
YouTube, the Web's de-facto video service, is turning 10 this year. The site has become so indispensable that it feels like a basic part of the Internet itself rather than a service that lives on top of it. YouTube is just the place to put videos, and it's used by everyone from individuals to billion-dollar companies. It's obvious to say, but YouTube revolutionized Web video. It made video uploading and playback almost as easy as uploading a picture, handled all the bandwidth costs, and it allowed anyone to embed those videos onto other sites.
The scale of YouTube gets more breathtaking every year. It has a billion users in 61 languages, and 12 days of video are uploaded to the site every minute—that's almost 50 years of video every day. The site just continues growing. The number of hours watched on YouTube is up 50 percent from last year.
It's easy to forget YouTube almost didn't make it. Survival for the site was a near-constant battle in the early days. The company not only fought the bandwidth monster, but it faced an army of lawyers from various media companies that all wanted to shut the video service down. But thanks to cash backing from Google, the site was able to fend off the lawyers. And by staying at the forefront of Web and server technology, YouTube managed to serve videos to the entire Internet without being bankrupted by bandwidth bills.
Before YouTube (AKA the dark ages of Web video)
Before YouTube, Web video sucked. For a time there were three big competing video players: Real Player, Apple's QuickTime, and Microsoft's Windows Media Player. All three played different proprietary video formats, which usually meant a webmaster looking to reach a wide audience had to publish a video in three different formats. Sometimes the video files were also available in different sizes to support various connection speeds. This meant even more work for webmasters.
Playback meant either downloading the file and playing it in one of the Big 3 standalone players or using one of their wonky browser plugins that would (hopefully) embed the player right in a webpage. Sharing a video over e-mail usually meant attaching the actual file to the e-mail.
Eventually Flash improved things somewhat by putting a slightly more reliable embedded player in the website, but it was still up to the webmaster to host the video, find a Flash player, make all the code work, and debug any problems. And that's to say nothing of all the security issues that were introduced through Flash over the years.
YouTube is born: Growth and piracy are constant issues
YouTube the company was founded in February 2005 by three former PayPal employees. While the site wasn't public yet, the first video was uploaded to the site 10 years ago today (April 23). The video belonged to Jawed Karim, one of the three founders, and was titled "Me at the zoo."
The site went public in May and became an overnight hit. By 2006, it was the fastest growing site around with 20 million viewers a month. Seemingly the whole Internet tuned in to watch viral hits like the "Evolution of Dance," lonelygirl15, or Saturday Night Live's "Lazy Sunday."
That last video is a bit of a sore topic, indicative of a major early problem. YouTube was a haven for piracy. "Lazy Sunday" was copyrighted material from TV, illegally uploaded to YouTube by a user. And alongside the videos of amateur filmmakers and video bloggers, entire seasons of copyrighted TV shows, full movies, and music videos consistently landed on YouTube.
In February 2006, NBC was one of the first to cry foul, demanding removal of the "Lazy Sunday" clip after it had gained over a million views. Internet commenters at the time pointed out that the video introduced SNL to a new audience and got the show lots of attention. NBC didn't like someone else hosting its content, though. After the nastygram, YouTube pulled the video down. (These days it lives on Hulu or Yahoo.)
At this time, YouTube was too busy trying to keep up with growth to worry about its equally escalating piracy problem. In March 2006, though, a month after the NBC complaint, it finally started to fight back. New videos were limited to a 10-minute runtime, making it harder to upload full TV episodes and movies to the service. The community responded the way you'd expect: it broke pirated content into 10-minute chunks.
YouTube's next small breakthrough regarding copyright came in September 2006. It inked a deal with Warner Music Group to put the music label's entire catalog on YouTube in exchange for a cut of the advertising dollars. While it helped legitimize a small portion of YouTube's video selection, giving away a portion of the ad revenue also didn't help pay the bills. That was increasingly becoming a concern.
A deal with one company also did not cover millions of other copyright violations happening at YouTube. The RIAA had already targeted YouTube for unlicensed use of music, and just a few days earlier, Universal Music Group's CEO said of YouTube "these new businesses are copyright infringers and owe us tens of millions of dollars."
Our own Eric Bangeman captured the sentiment of the time with an article titled "YouTube's future (or lack thereof)." The company raised a total of about $11.5 million in VC funding at the time, but at 200Tb a day in data, bandwidth cost an estimated $2 million a month. Despite YouTube's cash flow problem, Ars at the time noted advertising was "unobtrusive," with only "one or two ads on a page" and no pre-roll.
At that point, many didn't expect the company to survive. Early Net entrepreneur Jason Calacanis wrote "YouTube is not a real business" and compared it to Kazaa and Napster. Dot-com billionaire Mark Cuban expected the site would be "sued into oblivion" and said that "only a moron would buy YouTube."
Google buys YouTube
That "moron" was Google. On October 9, 2006, Google bought the then year-and-a-half-old YouTube for a staggering $1.65 billion. It was Google's biggest acquisition to date by $1.55 billion. Google bought a very popular site that was very expensive to run and lacked a business model. It was staring down potentially billions in lawsuits from music, movie, and TV companies—and Google did it anyway.
In hindsight, Google and YouTube were a match made in heaven. Google, which already ran Google Search, Google Ads/AdSense, Gmail, Google Maps, Google News, and Blogger, brought tons of big-site know-how to YouTube. It had the infrastructure to not only keep the site growing, but Google could reduce its costs. This was one of the best outcomes for YouTube's revenue problem. Google already ran a massive ad network with tons of clients and ad inventory. It even had experience in the video space with its competing Google Video service, where it was already testing a pre-roll video ad system.
For a long time the move was derided as crazy, with articles titled "YouTube is Doomed" showing up as late as 2009. Like always, though, Google took a long-term view of things. Like a drill sergeant with a new recruit, the company started slowly and methodically whipping YouTube into shape.
Listing image by Archive.org/Ron Amadeo
UNIONDALE, N.Y. -- New York Islanders forward Mikhail Grabovski hasn't played in more than two months, but they deemed themselves ready when the Eastern Conference First Round against the Washington Capitals resumes Thursday.
Grabovski, who sustained a concussion in a game against the Nashville Predators on Feb. 19, has been skating for several weeks and could return for Game 5 at Verizon Center (7 p.m. ET; CNBC, SN, TVA Sports 2, MSG+, CSN-DC).
"I feel good right now," Grabovski said after participating in an optional skate at Nassau Coliseum on Wednesday. "I've had a good three months of skating. I don't know exactly what the decision is. Personally, I'm ready to go, but they need to talk to doctors and the coach, all together about me."
Islanders coach Jack Capuano said there could be some changes to their lineup and to the line combinations. Grabovski, who had nine goals and 10 assists in 51 regular-season games, would be a logical replacement if cleared to play.
Grabovski had two assists in seven Stanley Cup Playoff games for the Toronto Maple Leafs in 2013.
"There's a real good chance," Capuano said of Grabovski, who signed a four-year contract with the Islanders last summer. "We've got some decisions to make. Do they play in the middle or do they play wing? Those are decisions that we have to sit down this afternoon and go over. You'll probably see some changes in our lineup, but where they play and who plays with whom … we've got to have four lines that are balanced."
If Grabovski does play, perhaps the biggest concern other than their health could be their timing. Given that they haven't played since February and the Islanders are trying to take a 3-2 series lead back to the Coliseum for Game 6 on Saturday, would Capuano be worried about Grabovski being able to keep up with the speed and intensity?
"If we were concerned about that, I wouldn't put them in," Capuano said. "I wouldn't put them in that position. I think right now he's going through some extra battling. They probably could have gone a week ago or a few days ago, but he's been skating hard and he's itching to get in there."
Grabovski said, "Today I feel good, so tomorrow we'll see."
---
The Committee of Wise Men on the Regulation of European Securities Markets was set up by the European Council on July 17, 2000 to develop proposals for making the regulatory process for European Union securities legislation more flexible, effective and transparent. The committee was chaired by Baron Alexandre Lamfalussy.[1][2]
European Shadow Financial Regulatory Committee Statement [ edit ]
The Lamfalussy Report, i.e., the Final Report of the Committee of Wise Men on the Regulation of European Securities Markets, published on 15 February 2001, now adopted by the European Council in Stockholm on 23 March 2001, presents a useful diagnosis of the issues and problems within the European Union capital markets. At the core of these concerns lie the difficulties of implementing reforms through state regulators who, given their inherent risk aversion reinforced by their accountability to national policymakers, have a tendency to exploit any ambiguities in EU Directives in favor of national exchanges and constituencies.[3]
Recommendations of the Lamfalussy Report [ edit ]
The Report proposed a four-level regulatory approach.
Level 1 referred to EU framework legislation and involved the EU Commission, Council and Parliament.
Level 2 referred to EU implementation and involves in addition to the EU Commission a European Securities Committee (ESC) and a European Securities Regulators Committee (ESRC) - (both yet to be created at the time).
Level 3 referred to national implementation and co-operation and involves the ESRC and the Member States.
Level 4 referred to enforcement and involves the Commission and the Member States.
The Report stated that the proposed ESC would be set up following the regulatory ‘comitology' procedure suggested for implementing powers conferred on the Commission. It would be composed of high-ranking officials – State Secretaries in the Finance Ministries of the Member States or their personal representatives – and would be chaired by the European Commissioner responsible for the Internal Market in Financial Services. The ESRC would be set up as an independent advisory group to the Commission (outside the comitology process) and would be composed of national securities regulators.
Members [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
"Europa: European Securities Markets" (PDF) . Final Report of the Committee of the Wise Men .
References [ edit ]
Which side are you on, a Twitter follower asked me last Friday as the battle in the Aam Aadmi Party gets increasingly messy. I tried to explain that as a journalist the only "side" I was on was the truth, but I could understand just why it wouldn't be so easy to convince the sceptics. After all, Yogendra Yadav and I have worked together for years in a jugalbandi on television during elections. Our relationship had been built on mutual respect and a shared passion for political analysis. Similarly, as editor-in-chief at the IBN 18 network, I had also worked closely with Ashutosh when they were managing editor of IBN 7. That both of them subsequently joined the AAP is a coincidence which has little to do with me but with their own personal choices; that now both of them represent opposite sides in the AAP battle is no coincidence but the result of how politics can so easily divide and destroy the mind of fine individuals.
My role has been that of the professional observer. And as an observer I must confess to being initially amused, now a little appalled, at the manner in which the AAP is squandering the goodwill it has built by this most public display of its internal strife. The AAP leaders never tire of telling you how the party is different, how it represents the idealistic dreams of its volunteers, how it has genuine internal democracy. Yes, the AAP did hold the promise of challenging the established political order and it's rise has been truly spectacular but the last six weeks have reduced the claim to being a "party with a difference" to a cruel joke. Yes, the AAP is a party with a difference because no other political party would probably have its members "stinging" each other and then happily providing the video/audio footage to a ravenous media. Frankly, the latest audio "sting" of Arvind Kejriwal only reveals just how deep the trust deficit within the party leaders truly is. In a sense, it is perhaps best that the AAP splits so that we can be spared of what has become a daily soap opera (rather male-dominated, I might add).
In the end, the AAP's future will not be judged by its faction fights. All our political parties are cursed with a high command culture and an absence of internal democracy. A BJP under Narendra Modi, a Congress under the Gandhi family, regional parties run by the likes of a Lalu or a Jaya are all symbols of an autocratic political system which has no space for dissent or alternative viewpoints. The AAP's success or failure will be eventually decided by whether it provides Delhi with a decent model of governance in the next five years. The war within has given us enough masala on TV news, partly a function of the fact that Delhi is the base of most "national" news channels. Once the cameras are switched off and move onto the next story, Kejriwal and team will be judged by their ability to make less noise and, hopefully, provide better governance. Or is that too much to ask of a political party which seems to be in permanent embrace with the TV camera?
PS: Another canard spread has been that I was once offered an AAP ticket and I almost took it. The fact is, and I have always said this: One should join public life only when one has nothing to take, and everything to give back to society. I am a long way away from that stage in life so a political career has not been contemplated. Besides, politics needs a thick skin: So much easier to witness the abuse and allegations than be part of it!
× Former Oklahoma City police officer convicted of sex crimes disappears from prison database
OKLAHOMA CITY- Daniel Holtzclaw has disappeared from the Oklahoma Department of Corrections website.
The former Oklahoma City Police officer was convicted of raping women while on duty. They were sentenced to 263 Years in prison.
The website, which shows criminal convictions, mug shots and where inmates are incarcerated, has deleted Holtzclaw.
When asked where Holtzclaw is located, Oklahoma Department of Corrections Spokesperson Terri Watkins would only say, “We are not going to comment, it is a matter of security.”
KFOR inquired if Holtzclaw is still in custody and Watkins assured us they are.
Alex Gerszewsk told KFOR Anchor/Reporter Ali Meyer, “ They were processed at Lexington exactly as every other offender. Currently, we cannot reveal their location for security; the security of the inmate and the facility.”
This was the Department of Corrections' website on Tuesday:
We also contacted attorneys for Holtzclaw's victims and, to their knowledge, none of the victims had been notified of a change in their status.
This is the Department of Corrections website on Friday:
VINELINK.com, a website designed to keep crime victims informed of the whereabouts of convicted felons, holds no clue to Holtzclaw's location.
Later on, Tuesday afternoon this is what showed up in a VINELINK.com search
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Giants rookie defensive tackle Markus Kuhn tore their ACL during Sunday's loss to the Bengals and will miss the remainder of the season. Kuhn, a seventh-round pick, will eventually undergo surgery.
"It's definitely a bummer, not what you want to happen to your season," Kuhn said. "It's nothing I can do about it now other than try to get back as soon as possible."
Markus Kuhn is helped off the field during Sunday's game. AP Photo/Tom Uhlman
Kuhn, 26, said they felt something pop during the second half and didn't believe it was as bad an injury as it turned out to be.
The rookie had earned valuable snaps, starting against Cleveland on Oct. 7, and was thoroughly involved in the team's rotation at defensive tackle. They had eight combined tackles and four pass deflections in 10 games. With them out of the fold, the Giants will now need second-year player Marvin Austin to step up.
Kuhn is hopeful they impressed the team enough to be brought back next season.
"I think they drafted me here for a reason," Kuhn said. "I worked hard and tried to get on the field and I played a good amount for a rookie. Now it's just moving forward. I hope I helped the team out, where we are right now, and I know we all have to move forward and get better."
Defensive coordinator Perry Fewell praised Kuhn.
"He plays a big role," Fewell said. "Nobody really talks about him, and that's good because they just comes in and does their job. That's probably why you don't talk about him, because they do their job."
WILLIAMS LOOKING TO RETURN: Linebacker Jacquian Williams has missed the past four games since suffering a PCL injury in their left knee against the 49ers on Oct. 14, but expects to return after the bye.
"That's the plan," Williams said. "That's the expected date they gave me."
Williams said they didn't expect to miss that much time with their injury; they fell wrong against the 49ers, but didn't think it was that big of an issue. They said he's feeling better and their knee is slowly healing. Williams said they will do some light running during the bye week to see how it feels.
He's perhaps the team's best sideline-to-sideline linebacker, and has 15 total tackles and one sack on the year.
"I'm confident that I'll be back," Williams said. "I miss being out there."
BENNETT HAS KNEE ISSUE: Tight end Martellus Bennett said they have been playing with a "messed-up" knee since they hyperextended it against Cleveland on Oct. 7. The tight end has not missed any time with the injury, but will use the bye week to get healthier. They have 36 catches for 411 yards and three scores.
Daniel Jacob Haugaard[2] (born 12 May 1952) is a Danish-Faroese comedian, actor, musician, composer, writer, TV host and politician.[3]
Activities [ edit ]
Jacob Haugaard was a frontman of the SABAE association for many years. SABAE is an abrieviation of Sammenslutningen Af Bevidst Arbejdssky Elementer, translating as "Union of Deliberate Work-avoiding Elements"[4] and included several academics and journalists as both founding and active members. The organisation was meant partially as a joke, but with a critical edge towards the modern capitalist society and especially the labour market. They found inspiration in both Marxist and anarchist theories. SABAE's best known slogan was "if work is healthy, give it to the sick!".[5]
Haugaard ran for every parliamentary election as a joke from 1979 onwards, until they won in 1994. They ran without a party (representing SABAE) and got 23,253 votes in 1994, enough for a seat and they became a member of the Parliament of Denmark from 1994–98. After their term expired, they decided not to seek re-election. Among their outrageous campaign promises were: 8 hours of free time, 8 hours of rest and 8 hours of sleep; more tailwind on bicycle paths; promises of better weather; right to impotency; Nutella in field rations (which was actually implemented); and shorter queues in supermarkets.[6][7] Asylum rated their win in the parliamentary election the 11th greatest prank of all time.[7] When their portrait was hung in the parliament, Haugaard commented that it should serve as a warning that any idiotic populist might get elected.
Haugaard has also produced radio, films and TV, mostly comedy and sketches and has a long history of close cooperation with comedian and entertainer Finn Nørbygaard, since 1984. They performed as the Finn & Jacob duo for many years. Haugaard lived in Malling near Aarhus for many years, where they ran their own TV-station from a disused watertower in their backyard, until they got elected in 1994.
Haugaard is also a well-known single performer, mixing comedy, singing and music, playing their homemade guitar and wearing gaudy suits. They have recorded many music records and CDs since 1977.[3]
Bathurst Mayor Paolo Fongemie says they were "surprised" when they learned that their city has a long-standing bylaw on the books that forbids any trick-or-treating after 7 p.m. and it prohibits older teens from dressing up for Halloween.
The northern city's bylaw was drafted in 2005, and in the 10 Halloweens, which have passed since, Fongemie said they believe there have been no fines handed out.
Councillors were divided over the bylaw, which dictates only children under 14 can trick-or-treat, and only until 7 p.m.
"I support the bylaw as it is right now. Halloween is for the kids. From what I'm hearing from citizens, they support my position, too," said Coun. Bernard Cormier.
A citizen brought bylaw no. 2005-17 to the mayor's attention and asked at a recent city council meeting to have the bylaw re-evaluated.
The reading on Monday evening was the first of three meetings that Bathurst council will have to pass for the bylaw to be amended in any way.
The bylaw sets out clear guidelines for any potential goblins looking for some Halloween loot.
"Door to door soliciting (trick or treating) shall not take place after 19:00 hrs. Facial disguises will not be permitted in public after 19:00 hrs," it reads
"No person(s) over the age of 14 yrs. shall take part in door-to-door soliciting (trick or treating) in the City of Bathurst."
Citizens divided
Dimitrios Karatzios believes the bylaw should ban children over 10 from participating in trick-or-treating. "They're teenagers and they do a lot of harm," they said. (Bridget Yard/CBC) Like Bathurst's elected officials, people on the street have mixed feelings about the bylaw. Most didn't even realize it existed.
"I think 7 o'clock is a reasonable time," said Natalie Duguay.
Dimitrios Karatzios said they believe it's too dark outside after 7 p.m. for children to trick-or treat and that council should take the bylaw even further.
"The age limit, I think it should go not more than 10 years old. The kids above 10 to 14, they're almost adults. They're teenagers and they do a lot of harm," they said
"Schools should have Halloween and celebrate that way. It's the best way to celebrate it," they added.
OTTAWA – A nation of non-believers?
The new National Household Survey suggests we could be becoming so.
While the largest faith in Canada remains Christianity, nearly one-quarter of Canada's population has no religious affiliation, according to the 2011 National Household Survey released Wednesday.
That's roughly 7.8 million people who don't identify with a religion, up from 16.5 per cent of the population a decade earlier.
“We're seeing an increase,” said Jane Badets, a spokesperson for Statistics Canada. “It varies across the country.”
About 4 in 10 people in B.C. have no religious affiliation, compared to 2 in 10 in Toronto, they said.
And immigration has contributed to the population having no religious affiliation – although they couldn't say why.
The non-religious population is also younger than the general population, the survey said, with the median age in 2011 of about 33 years old.
The largest faith in Canada is still Christianity, at just over 22 million people or two-thirds of the population, the survey said.
Roman Catholics were the largest Christian religious group, with 12.8 million people or almost 39 per cent of the population. It was followed by the United Church at just over 2 million people, then Anglicans.
Another 4.5 per cent said they were simply “Christian,” with Baptists forming the fifth largest denomination among the Christian faith at 1.9 per cent.
But consistent with changing immigration patterns, there were growing proportions of the population who reported religious affiliations other than Christian, the survey said.
The growing proportions were Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, and Buddhist. In 2011, about 2.4 million people, or 7.2 per cent of the population, reported affiliation with one of these religions – up from 4.9 per cent a decade earlier.
Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs and Buddhists accounted for 33 per cent of immigrants between 2001 and 2011, compared to just 2.9 per cent of immigrants who came before 1971.
Among those groups, Muslim was the largest, with just over one million people, the survey said. Muslim people represented 3.2 per cent of the population, up from 2 per cent in the 2001 census.
It was followed by Hindu at 1.5 per cent, Sikh at 1.4 per cent, Buddhist at 1.1 per cent and Jewish 1 per cent.
The survey collected information about religious affiliation only, regardless of whether it was practised or not.
More than a hundred MARTA-riding tourists got a taste of Buford Highway's famed multicultural restaurants—seasoned with expert takes on the corridor's safety and gentrification challenges—on an April 27 “bus crawl” staged by We Love BuHi and the MARTA Army.
While noshing on sample plates, attendees heard from such officials as MARTA planner Amanda Rhein, who set up an easel at the Plaza Fiesta mall and explained the transit agency's proposed transit-oriented redevelopment around the Brookhaven/Oglethorpe Station. The bus crawl ended at Brookhaven's Royal Lounge nightclub with keynote speaker Ryan Gravel, the urban planning guru who dreamed up Atlanta's BeltLine park/transit ring.
“There's certainly the challenge of change and displacing the thing that makes [Buford Highway] special,” Gravel said in an interview at the lounge about the corridor's highly diverse immigrant culture. “Nowhere else has that sense of identity, that sense of place…There's nothing else like it” in metro Atlanta or most other suburban corridors nationwide, they said. “What happens to it is really important.”
Without a new kind of culture-focused planning, Gravel told the crowd, Buford's main asset will be displaced for another generic strip-mall suburb. They suggested turning two lanes of the roadway into bus rapid transit lanes. And instead of pumping money into standard redevelopments, they called for investing in affordable housing or “a venture capital fund for immigrant businesses.”
Bringing busloads of mostly white, non-Hispanic cultural tourists to Buford Highway was a tricky part of the bus crawl's own displacement discussions, and sparked some local curiosity and tensions. As one group walked through the Plaza Fiesta parking lot, a passerby cracked, “Did y'all's bus break down? That's a lot of white people.”
MARTA Army founder Simon Berrebi said bus crawl organizers tried to not present Buford as exotic, but instead to highlight the good and the challenging. “That's how people who live and work here live it every day,” they reminded the nightclub crowd.
“It's not just, ‘Let's go eat.' It's, ‘Let's go eat and learn,'” said We Love BuHi founder Marian Liou about the bus crawl's intent.
Many attendees did just that, enjoying exploring Buford and trying out MARTA's 39 bus. Katie Lambert of Atlanta and Linda Niederhausen of Marietta teamed up to join one of several groups led from stop to stop by volunteer guides.
“This is one of the few parts of town [where] I haven't gone to every restaurant,” said Lambert, while Niederhausen was impressed with MARTA's service. “It was clean. That's one of the myths—that the bus is dirty,” they said.
Chamblee residents Katja and Joerg Lauterbach said they've been on We Love BuHi's previous Buford bike tours.
“We just love Buford Highway…We are adventurers, but [we attend] to be more adventurous,” Katja said, adding that as immigrants themselves—from Berlin, Germany—they appreciate the corridor and its people. “I really support the mission [Liou's] taking on to celebrate Buford…We know how it is to be having certain language barriers.”
At Yen Jing, a Chinese restaurant in Doraville, a dumpling-munching crowd heard about the work of the Center for Pan Asian Community Services from its vice president, Victoria Huynh. Sally Flocks of the Atlanta pedestrian advocacy group PEDS explained Buford Highway's traffic dangers outside the Bangladeshi market and café Bismillah, where there's a dirt path instead of a sidewalk.
The star of the tour was Gravel, who grew up in Chamblee and whose 1999 grad student project of turning old railroad beds into the BeltLine is transforming Atlanta—currently as a multiuse path, but with a strong push for their original light-rail public transit vision. (Gravel said he's “super-excited” about a transit-funding tax that goes before Atlanta voters this fall.)
Gravel signed a copy of their new book, “Where We Want to Live,” for Rebekah Morris, a teacher at Brookhaven's Cross Keys High, while they told them about their students' project to design their own Buford Highway visions. That student project is partly a response to a lack of Buford community input in local plans, partly due to language or cultural barriers.
Grassroots input is a big theme of Gravel's book, they said in an interview. For the BeltLine plan, they said, Atlanta's Neighborhood Planning Unit system was crucial for getting quick and easy community input from everywhere in the city. They said they are not an expert in Buford-area local governments, but that they appear not to have anything like NPUs. They said they have heard that Buford's community has more of an “us versus them” relationship to local City Halls.
With metro Atlanta's population booming and local governments doing cleanup projects like the Peachtree Creek Greenway, change is coming to Buford Highway, Gravel said. With a “thoughtful” approach, it can change in ways that build wealth for the existing community, they said. And with new priorities driving the planning, it could suddenly “be very easy to take [some of] those lanes away from cars and give them to people.”
“Buford Highway has to be a corridor not just for moving people in cars along,” but also for community development, health and the arts, Gravel said. “All of those things are part of what its job is.”
“Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.”
-Robert Frost
When I decided to veer left, instead of taking the direct root to the top, I didn't know what difference it was going to make.
From the temple, I'd noticed a long hermitage stretched out on a perch below one of the peaks. I thought this might be the trail to that hermitage, where I could sit for a bit, eat my orange and read a few more pages of the Dhammapada.
It was going to be a bit longer of a hike, but something was urging me to come.
The thing about taking one path is that you never really now what the other one held. But in the end, you can't really think about that, and with what this path presented me, I didn't wonder for a moment what was on the other path.
After taking joining this trail, I hadn't seen another hiker, which felt a bit like a treat. It had been months since I'd had any solitude. Earlier, I'd passed a couple of monks heading down to the temple. Each time I passed a small pile of stones, or little ribbons tied to slender branches, I thought how the whole side of the mountain felt like a temple, with hermitages scattered everywhere and every sign pointing the way back to Dae Ung Bo Jeon, the temple's Dharma Hall. Usually, I push myself really hard to reach the summit, but this time I really slowed down and it all sublimated.
I generally struggle with walking meditation, but while hiking, it seems to come naturally. Focus on each step is heightened, awareness of balance, and shifting of balance, the angle of the ground, the stability of you footing. It pulls you into the moment and makes you breathe. There's a lot to be learned ascending a mountain; patience, perseverance, limitations, and ability. There's also the reward of your effort, usually a fine view sitting on the top, but my reward came a bit earlier than that.
Just as I was starting to see the peak, outlined by the blue sky through the bare trees, a rough sounding bark came echoing down at me. There was no growl, but it was definitely a bark to let me know I wasn't known here and that wasn't comfortable for the one barking.
I headed up a bit further to where the path opened a bit, to let the dog have a good look at me, and as they came down the stairs, looking as big as they could, still barking, I crouched down to their height and held my hand out for them to sniff. Once they caught my scent and gave the back of my hand a small lick, they let me scratch their cheek and around their ears, and just like that, we were friends.
The small building he'd come down from behind definitely wasn't the hermitage I'd spotted before (it turned out to be an outhouse) but up a couple of flights of stairs was a nice, small hermitage, anyway, with a terraced garden and a couple old pagodas. The dog followed me up, tail wagging, then guided me up to a small ridge just above the rooftop of the hermitage. There, barely noticeable from below, was a simple, unpainted hall, beams weathered dark, the little side door hinting to open it.
I gave the latch a sturdy tug and the door opened. I left my shoes beside the stone step and stepped inside. Before I was entirely through, though, I was almost knocked right back out by the amazing sight inside.
The back of the hall opened up into a solarium, and bathing in the sunlight was a 1000 year old rock-cut Maitreya Buddha, seated on the face of a stone, surrounded by Bodhisattvas. There was such a gentle feeling in the hall, the lanterns were soft shades of pink, the walls left bare, added to the simplicity. I didn't want to leave, but there was still much to do outside, so I bowed three times, sat for a bit, (took a bunch of photos!) and went on my way, but not before thinking to myself, if I'd of stayed on the other trail, I wouldn't have found this place.
I hadn't gone very far before the temple dog came chasing and they followed me until I got the feeling I should have gone back the other way. I sat on a rock with them and checked the map. I'd gone much further east than I'd thought, and was about to loop around the back of the mountain. A couple other hikers came around and asked where I wanted to go. They let me know that way was, “very joshim, joshim!” (watch out, watch out!) and mined some rope climbing. Not in the mood for any big adventures, this time, I headed back, eventually to where the two trails from earlier in the morning once again joined. The dog stayed behind this time, as a few other hikers found their way to the hermitage, they had to keep their eye on things.
A came up to a spot marked on the map, Cheonyeon Su, that I thought might be a mountain spring. Cheonyeon is one thousand years, and Su is the Chinese character for water, but what was there was a 12-1500 year old tree.
From there, it was a short, steep climb to the top. The view was special, right at the tip of the Korean peninsula, the sea surrounded both sides of the mountain. I looked down at the rice fields, green houses and small villages, gathered among them. From where I stood, there were two peaks, one on each side. The peak known as “Buddha's Breast” looked a bit risky, so, deciding it was better left unfondled, I followed a man up the other peak. The second peak was 73 meters shorter than the Buddha's Breast but was named after the mountain, and I figured I'd rather get to see the view of the taller peak,anyway.
It was an interesting climb to the peak, a bit nerve-racking, but nice. It wasn't until later, when I climbed back down and met EunBong, that I found out I'd been stepping all over the Buddha's Face!
The Buddha's nipple?
the Buddha's chin
Last August, a court in the US ordered Samsung to pay Apple $1.05bn (£698m) in damages after it ruled that the Korean company had infringed six design patents involving the iPhone and iPad.
Despite this ruling, in December a court rejected Apple's request for a US sales ban on 26 Samsung devices.
Apple failed to establish that consumer demand for the Korean tech giant's products was driven by the intellectual property that it had stolen taken.
Apple is now appealing that verdict, arguing that the court set the bar too high to prove how much benefit was derived from the patent infringements.
The brief is confidential, but Nokia has outlined its position clearly in an accompanying motion, according to The Verge.
Nokia argues in favour of patent laws as a means of developing technology for public benefit, and states that the court ruling set the standard for getting an injunction so high that “it may rarely, if ever, be met”.
Nokia's support is particularly interesting considering that the company was itself involved in a patent dispute with Apple in 2009 over technical specifications of the iPhone.
The battle between Apple and Samsung is far from over. Last week Judge Lucy Koh reduced Samsung's damages by $450m, saying that the jury had made errors in calculating the amount to award for certain infringements.
They ordered a retrial to decide what damages – if any – Samsung should have to pay on the outstanding infringements.
Many of the 26 products that Apple is seeking to block – which include the Samsung's one-time bestselling smartphone the Galaxy S2, are no longer on sale.
Newer smartphones made by both companies, including Samsung's Galaxy S III and the iPhone 5, already have been added to a related lawsuit in which Apple and Samsung accuse each other of copying products.
That case is also before Judge Koh and is scheduled for trial in 2014.
ARM progress!
The ARM is moving
After porting the basic VM code from X86 to our ARM port, it has been pretty much 2 years since I worked on it. Last weekend, BeGeistert 026, gave me a chance to work on it again, for a couple of days (nights?) in a row, and I tried to make the most of it.
Besides working on Haiku/ARM it was great to meet up with many of the people I already knew but had not seen for a long time, as well as finally meet the new people behind the names and posts I had followed over recent times.
Anyway, with much help from the people around me I was able to bring Haiku/ARM to the point where it now boots, lights up a couple of icons, and then fails to boot as the boot disk is not found. This means that scheduling, interrupts, and basic vm operations all work!
However, in the process of getting it that far in fairly limited time I had to make a couple of shortcuts that really need to be cleaned up before trying to bring up userland, and see Tracker/Deskbar appear ;)
Hardware Variation
One of the obvious ones is the problem that currently, the kernel will only run so far on the Verdex (Gumstick) target. This is due to the fact that things like timers and interrupts are handled differently between different System-On-Chips. This means that even at this very low level, we'll need to introduce some type of abstraction to be able to run on more than just the Verdex/PXA270 SoC.
As people reading the commit list might have noticed, Francois has commited basic code to support Flattened Device Tree (FDT). This is a way of describing full hardware layout, in a standardized format. This format has been used by OpenFirmware implementations, like the PowerPC machines from Apple, the DEC Alpha machines, and many more.
FDT is becoming mandatory for Linux support on ARM as well, which means there are more and more of these board description files available for hardware we want to run on. The intent therefore is to implement FDT support, making it (theoratically) possible to support newer hardware with only a new FDT file, but also being able to build a single kernel that can run on any ARM device, assuming the necessary drivers are available ofcourse.
If I can find the time, I'll write up a post about FDT, if Francois does not beat me to it ;) In docs/develop/ports/arm/urls.txt Francois was so kind to store an extensive list of URLs about FDT, so feel free to browse if you are interested in helping out.
Where's that page?
Another thing that needs work is the ARM VM implementation. Currently, all it really does, is the page table bookkeeping, but permissions are not handled, memory/caching types are not handled, not to mention that ARMv6 and ARMv7 support will need more work as well. My idea is to finish the VM for ARMv5 first, and then implement v6 and v7 support in a proper OO manner, by making subclasses of the base ARM VM classes.
ARMv5 has no builtin support of tracking page status bits that our VM expects (dirty/accessed), so we'll have to work around that. However, ARMv7 (and some ARMv6) do have that, so there's a fair amount of work to do.
Drivers and Busses
No I'm not talking of public transport here :P For a properly usable embedded ARM target, there are a lot of things besides the kernel proper that will need implementing. There's SPI and I2C controllers to support, there's storage like raw NAND, or MMC/SD to support, many things that aren't supported as of yet in Haiku for other architectures.
Some of these will present new features for our non-ARM targets too (SD/MMC support will make Laptop users happy, I imagine), but quite few will not but will be critical to get a seriously usable system on ARM devices…
Where to go from here?
As the current target is a QEMU supported platform, anyone who wants to can join in and help out. I invite anyone interested in helping out with Haiku/ARM to follow the guide for compiling for ARM and start poking at the code. I tend to have very little time in general, paid work taking up the most of my time, so don't just wait for me to complete the port!
However, feel free to contact me with questions/flames/anything if you want, as I'll try and help out as much as I can, there's nothing I want more than for this port to reach completion!
Ever since Congress strengthened the good neighbor provision for polluting states in 1990, the EPA has grappled with finding the right balance of fairness to the upwind and downwind states. A Bush administration version that allowed states to pay other states to cut pollution, rather than reduce their own, was thrown out in court for being too lenient on the worst offenders. The version proposed by Obama's EPA takes a different approach: It uses modeling and a cost-benefit analysis to calculate a total budget of pollution an upwind state can produce in a year. Ginsburg's decision called the EPA's solution a “cost-effective allocation of emission reductions among upwind states.”
3. It affirms the EPA's authority to carry out existing law properly.
The Supreme Court upheld a 1984 precedent, Chevron v. NRDC. In that case, the Court ruled that it would defer to an agency's expertise over how to carry out vague laws passed by Congress. According to SCOTUSblog, Ginsburg noted the courts should defer to the EPA's expertise on exactly how to account for “the vagaries of the wind.”
This certainly won't be the end of legal challenges that accuse the EPA of overreach, but the decision was another affirmation of the EPA's authorities granted by the Clean Air Act.
4. It helps fight climate change.
In the U.S., coal plants account for 40 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions driving climate change. Because of this and other pollution regulations kicking in soon, companies will install pollution controls in some of those plants. They will shut down some others altogether, in part because cheap natural gas will make the coal plants less competitive.
But bigger changes may be coming. In June, the EPA will propose its first-ever limits on carbon pollution from power plants. Those regulations could represent the Obama Administration's biggest, most important step to combat climate change. They are supposed to bring the U.S. into compliance with emission standards set by the so-called Copenhagen accords—which, in turn, is necessary in order to start negotiations over stronger global efforts to reduce global warming. But there is still much uncertainty surrounding the regulation. Among the big questions: Can it survive legal challenges from the fossil fuel industry?
Tuesday's decision suggests even this conservative court may be inclined to support such regulatory efforts. Note that the case is one of a few legal victories scored by the Obama administration's EPA in recent weeks. A federal appeals court upheld another EPA rule that reduces the level of mercury pollution emitted by coal-fired plants—a second key initiative from Obama's first-term climate program.
Lansing Mayor voices concerns over mayoral race Copyright by WLNS - All rights reserved Video
LANSING, Mich. (WLNS) - While we're several months away from the mayoral election, it seems as though the gloves have already come off for those thinking of running for the mayor of Lansing.
However, those potential candidates haven't officially announced they will run.
Lansing's current Mayor Virg Bernero says they wanted to address some concerns after a news article yesterday addressed their future plans as Lansing's mayor.
While both of them haven't officially announced if they plan to run, Mayor Bernero and State Representative Andy Schor are already butting heads.
Mayor Bernero says Representative Schor is supporting a group known as "No Secret Lansing Deals" which they say is against them and their administration.
However, Schor says they have nothing to do with it.
"I think we got to shed some light on this and I'm just making the noise now and I want to make it very clear for them to launch their campaign and talk about a clean campaign…the hypocrisy is stunning and he's got some answers, I think they owe the public some answers," said Mayor Bernero.
Bernero claims TJ Bucholz who is the president of local PR firm "Vanguard Public Affairs," is assisting the "No Secret Lansing Deals" group which is a group that serves as a watchdog for the city.
Bernero claims Bucholz is also working as Representative Schor's "spokesperson".
6 News asked Bucholz today if this was the case and this was their response…
"It's not true at all, they've been a client of ours since October 2016, Andy Schor and I are friendly...we've been friends for 15 years, I am one of the people talking to them about their future but Andy Schor has nothing to do with this client," Bucholz stated.
6 News also reached out to Representative Schor today to get their response to Bernero's concerns and they sent us this statement:
"I am finalizing my decision-making process and look forward to sharing that with Lansing and the region next week. I am not now, and never have been involved in any way with any of the dark money groups here in Lansing. Not "No Secrets," not "Reform Lansing," not "Capitol Region Progress." I am disappointed that Mayor Bernero's first act in announcing their re-election is to attack me."
We're still months away from the mayoral race but as we learn more about who is throwing in their hat to run as Lansing's mayor, we'll be sure to keep you updated.
The radical left-wing Greek leader sat down for talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande late on Thursday on the sidelines of the ongoing European summit in Brussels.
After three hours of talks, Merkel said early on Friday that Greece had promised to speed up implementation of its extended bailout agreement and send a full list of detailed reform proposals to its eurozone partners in the coming days.
The German chancellor declined, however, to set any date for releasing further financial aid to the cash-strapped Greek government, saying that depended on a positive evaluation of the reform proposals.
"The procedure is back on track," Tsipras said early on Friday. "It is clear that Greece will not have to take recessionary measures," they added.
During Thursday's overnight mini-summit, however, Tsipras also said that Greece faced a "humanitarian crisis" if its creditors refuse to unlock the remaining seven-billion-euro ($7.5-billion) tranche of its 240-billion-euro EU-International Monetary Fund bailout, with Athens at risk of running out of money by the end of the week.
Despite fears of a Greek exit from the euro, which would trigger a crisis for the currency, Brussels has insisted that Greece's new government must first meet its reform pledges before it receives any money.
'Flash mob'
The separate meeting was also attended by European Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker, European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi and Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the Dutch finance minister who chairs the euro single currency group.
Left out in the cold, however, was Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg who complained to Donald Tusk on the point on Thursday.
European Parliament President Martin Schulz also said they should have been involved, dismissing the meeting as a "flash mob."
ksb/bk (AFP, dpa)
BRIGHTPOINT ISLAND - by IAMSIMMING
Finally!
This is an empty world, meaning you will have to place all the lots yourself (though I do hope to eventually release some lots for download specifically for this world).
Brightpoint is really small, I made it to accommodate my own playing needs, though I did add a few things here and there at the suggestion of my testers (a big thanks to those of you who tested for me). If you want a world with dive spots, and lots of areas to explore, this world is not for you. Most of the lots are really small, but there are some bigger ones, and only one 64 X 64 lot for legacy players.
All EP's up to Island Paradise were installed, but you should only need Ambitions, Pets, Supernatural, UL, and IP to make it work. Oh, and it is also CC FREE aside from two or three textures I loaded into CAW.
I would LOVE to see what you do with it, so please tag either iamsimming or Brightpoint/Brightpoint Island when posting screens!
If there are problems, I don't know that I will be able to fix it quickly, as most of you know I am unwell at the moment, so all TI will have to be addressed by my fiance, and they have to be prodded with sticks in order to get things done, so, it might not happen swiftly.
NOTE: In the overhead view there are buildings, but there aren't in the actual world file, it is completely empty sorry.
CAW FILES
You can use the files however you wish, as long as you don't offer it up for download without consulting me first. I worked really hard on it.
That being said, the files themselves are a mess, so good luck with that. Organization is not my strong suit.
DOWNLOAD (MEGA 22.7MB)
ALTERNATE (Mediafire)
CAW FILES (MEGA 18.7MB)
Enjoy!
As I mentioned in a previous posting the worst enemy of the nuclear industry is not Greenpeace or the environmentalists, but many of their own nutty cheerleaders. The more reasoned voices within the industry, which say that yes it can supply some small amount of the world's energy, at least while we still have uranium around and we're prepared to foot the bill for building and decommissioning reactors (which they admit is probably higher than the alternatives but you have to look at the issue of energy security). Unfortunately these people tend to get drowned out by their colleagues who are more motivated by job security than any genuine concern for the world's energy security.
The second category of the nuclear cheerleaders includes the numerous PR gurus who lobby and schmooze on the industries behalf. Few of this last category have any relevant qualifications (not that this stops them claiming to be “experts”) and often work for large PR agencies, who count the Tobacco industry and the fossil fuel lobby among they're other clients. This last point is relevant for as I shall demonstrate these PR types often use the same tactics the tobacco and global warming denial lobby utilise to promote nuclear energy while distorting the facts.
Finally you have by far and away the majority of the nuclear cheerleaders – the sheep. These are people who generally don't really know very much about nuclear energy, other than what they've lapped up from industry produced propaganda. They tend to be either unaware of many of the negative aspects of nuclear energy or assume that all such stories are the product of a bias media….yet they happily lap up stories from the very same media whenever they say something positive about nuclear energy (usually the result of lobbying by the PR types mentioned above). This last category of nuclear cheerleader are probably the most dangerous, as they are quite happy to pass themselves off as “experts” to anyone who'll listen and fill other people's heads with pure industry generated drivel and half truths.
These “sheep” are essentially worshippers of a “scientific cargo cult” , something that has the illusion of science but is actually more a creation of science fiction. There are several other examples of such “scientific cargo cults” such as those trying to develop SSTO space vehicles that violate the basic principles of the rocket equation, or nano-technology “assemblers” (that ignore the very basics of thermodynamics and atomic theory) or Intelligent design (that ignores science altogether!). All of these examples as well as some aspects of the nuclear dream all share one think in common – they are founded on myth's that are at odds with reality.
Don't get me wrong, we can do a great deal more than we are currently doing in space (for a lot less money too!), and nano-technology has many potentially exciting applications (notably in the field of renewable energy), and there is some potential scope to use nuclear power in the future (but only so long as we're prepared to pay the price both in financial and environmental terms), but the idealistic visions promoted by some in these fields are just non-starters, usually for fairly simple technical reasons. Wasting time and money pursuing such impossible goals will only make achieved more reasoned and plausible objectives less likely.
To prevent anyone reading this from getting sucked into this nuclear energy cargo cult, as recently happened to the (former) environmentalists George Monbiot, I will explain a couple of the common myths that these cheerleaders spout out and demonstrate how they are wrong, illogical and totally divorced from reality.
Myth I – The Fukushima accident is a “Triumph” of nuclear technology, it proves it works safely – Reality: It raises some important questions about aspects of nuclear safety
Myth II – Only 56 people were killed by the Chernobyl accident – Reality: The death toll from Chernobyl was many times higher, in the thousands or possibly tens of thousands
Myth III – Radiation isn't that dangerous at all, it's over exaggerated by the media, why the impact of Chernobyl was no worse than a few dozen chest x-rays each, and TMI was no worse than you'd get eating a banana – Reality: The effects of radiation from artifical sources is potentially quite serious
Myth IV – Nuclear power is cheaper than any of the alternatives – Reality: Its actually more expensive than most of the alternatives!
Myth V – But we can't rely on renewables, because of their intermittent nature – Reality: Nuclear power has its own issues with intermittency
Myth VI – there's plenty of fissile material in the world – Reality: While no immediate supply problems are anticipated, ultimately the world's stockpiles of fissile material are limited in scale
Myth VII – We can't build Renewables fast enough only nuclear power plants can be built quickly enough to prevent climate change – Reality: The current build rate of nuclear power stations is a small fraction of the annual build rate of renewables, even the maximum ever build rate of NPP's in the 70's is still exceeded by the currrent build rate of renewable systems
Myth VIII – Yes, you've highlighted several problems but you see once we get these new fast reactors working all these problems will be solved – Reality: Fast-reactors are a failed series of white elephants that are unlikely to ever work
Myth IX – All these problems will be solved when we develop Fusion, which will happen in the near future – Reality: While we're making progress, It's far too early to say when Nuclear Fusion will become commercially viable….if ever!
Myth X – Disposal of nuclear waste is easily solved, indeed we've already sorted it out – Reality: While there are options available, the nuclear industry is not pursing them, this is leading to a gradually worsening problem which needs to be tackled soon
Stop press, Bonus feature! Myth XI – We need to use MOX and reprocessing to stop Terrorists getting their hands on Plutonium in the future – Reality: This statement merely shows how out of touch the nuclear industry is….with reality!
So where doI stand? I recognise that nuclear energy can play a part in meeting our future energy needs, but it seems to me like a lot of trouble for not a lot in return. Furthermore we can only use nuclear energy so long as we accept the risks involved, deal with these in as safe a manner as possible and are prepared to pay the financial costs of ensuring reactors and nuclear waste disposal systems are properly managed. We also need to accept the limitations on nuclear power (due to the intermittent nature of electricity demand, limited supplies of nuclear fuels, etc.) and quit wasting time and money on Boondoggles like fast reactors, MOX and mega-sized LWR's, instead focusing resources on deep geological storage facilities and smaller modular reactors (which while likely more expensive, would probably be a good deal safer, and more practical as the big LWR's on offer aren't much use to the many smaller countries around the world).
What worries me thought is the sort of deluded talk coming out of the nuclear lobby, as the examples above demonstrate. They, and more importantly their political cohorts, don't seem to appreciate the risks, show no intention of dealing with nuclear waste in a responsible way, and reckon someone else (that would be the rest of us) should pick up the tap as far as the costs go. They also show an unhealthy obsession towards failed white elephant projects like fast reactors, spent fuel reprocessing and MOX. They are also prone to overly optimistic delusions about the potential of Thorium or Fusion energy.
To make matters worse those Nuclear Energy supporters in the UK find that the obvious way to finance the safe building and operation of reactors, through state owned companies (as the French do it), conflicts with they're (largely right wing) politics. Consequently we're likely to end up with a twisted mess of a situation where we have a privately owned (on paper anyway) nuclear industry which is wholly dependent on various stealth subsidies, but without the sort of controls necessary to ensure proper waste management and safety, nor that the electricity produced (which wee will effectively be subsidising) is sold to the public at a reasonable price (the “privately” run nuke industry will be able to charge whatever they like and pocket the money as profit….going to their principle shareholder…the French government!). All in all if it's a case of no more nuclear reactors, or some reactors but ones run by this group of deluded zealots, I'd rather see no more nuclear reactors and a phase out of nuclear energy as soon as possible.
And thus my advice to anyone reading this is not to take anything you hear from the nuclear cheerleaders seriously, until that is we start to hear the right sort of policies coming out of the nuclear industry. Nevermind you're a Nuclear renaissance, what we need is a bathroom ceiling painted mat white!
———–
A quick note on references, I've included a couple of links to online sources, notably Wikipedia, but I do that primarily because I recognise that anyone read this is unlikely to have a library handy. iwould note that my primary sources of information are often good old fashioned books and reports, these include:
Energy by G. J. Aubrecht (an excellent one-stop shop for all energy related facts & figures!)
Into the Atomic Age by J. M. Pincher (old and dated, but a gem of a book relating the earlier pioneering days of nuclear energy)
Going Critical: An Unofficial History of British Nuclear Power by W. Patterson (again dated, but a nice blow by blow account of the development of nuclear power in the UK)
Sustainable Energy without the hot air by G. Mckay (another excellent resource, now online too!)
Cool Energy by Micheal Brower
Civil nuclear energy : fuel of the future or relic of the past? by M. C. Grimston
I also relied on a number of reports from the IEA and REN for my various facts and figures. Archive material from the NRC and the DoE was also utlised.
http://www.iea.org/stats/index.asp
http://www.ren21.net/
Advertisements
Follow the Guide on http://3ds.guide I have no intention to update this as more important things are happening currently
If you use 1.0.0 you need to supply your own aeskeydb.bin and data_input_v2.zip
1.0.1 Downloads them for you however they are not included in the zip supplied here
Redownload whatever version you had from before this Edit as I've updated the files in the zip to have Decrypt9WIP included Also the other crap from the starter.zip are gone now
How to Install/Run!
FAQ
Q. The Screen is Just Colors!
A. Yes if the Screen is white It's still copying, And if It's anything other than Green after its no longer white then you are missing a required file on the root
If the screen goes red then you are missing a9lh_easySetup.zip
If the screen goes yellow then you are missing data_input_v2.zip
If the screen goes purple then you are missing aeskeydb.bin
If the screen goes green then everything went successfully!
Latest Downloads
1.0.1 (Working as of 30/08/2016)
Latest Official Firmware: 11.0.0-33 (Up to this version This tool will work for setting up the SD Card for A9LH Installation) (You still need to Hardmod/DSiWare Downgrade from 11.0.0-33 to get A9LH)
I am not responsible for any bricks created by this tool there is always a risk of bricking your system when hacking
Remember Don't close the System, Close the System and You're dead
Old Downloads
1.0.0
Fire filled the air Thanksgiving morning after multiple explosions at a recycling plant in Central City.
And authorities say one firefighter was taken from the scene to a Cedar Rapids hospital with what was described as a "life-threatening" medical issue. No other details were given.
People in the area say they could see a thick black plume of smoke from the Iowa Gold Distributing (IGD) business just off Highway 13 as much as 10 miles away.
Central City Fire Chief Jim O'Leary requested that nearby residents stay indoors and to turn off furnaces if possible. Fire officials cancelled that request before 6 p.m. Thursday. They made it because they were concerned about possible contaminates in the smoke plume from the Iowa Gold fire and wanted anyone living nearby to avoid exposure.
The Fire Chief says air quality monitoring equipment had not detected any significant concerns earlier so the warning was just a precaution.
O'Leary says the recycling business stores and recycles waste oil and other solvents in the two businesses that burned.
"Basically the fire spread from that building when the oil burst out of a poly tank. It ran on the ground and the oil was on fire and ran down and started the building behind it on fire," the chief said.
O'Leary did not have a cause of the fire yet. The Iowa State Fire Marshal's Office was called in to investigate
The holiday season coincides with the NFL's firing season and teams' shopping season.
Going back to the turn of the century, NFL teams have fired an average of 6.9 head coaches per season. In each of the past three years, they have fired seven. The number figures to be right in that range, give or take two or three, which means teams will be scrambling to hire the best coaches and minds out there.
Based on multiple conversations with people around the league, here is a list of 10 alphabetized names likely to be on the shopping lists of any team in the market for a new head coach this winter.
Lions defensive coordinator Teryl Austin
During the past three weeks, they have helped shut down the Eagles', Raiders' and Packers' offenses. Austin interviewed well last year, especially in Chicago, where they were a finalist for the Bears' job. Austin's time appears to be coming.
Bears offensive coordinator Adam Gase
A finalist with San Francisco last year, Gase could turn out to be a candidate there or in other places again. Gase has helped elevate Jay Cutler's play, and they did the same in Denver with Peyton Manning, who helped make Gase into the top coordinator they are today.
Steelers offensive coordinator Todd Haley
Arizona advanced to the Super Bowl when Haley was its offensive coordinator and they took the Chiefs to the playoffs in one season as the head coach in Kansas City. Haley can fiery but as their success with Pittsburgh has proven, they also can be effective.
Bengals offensive coordinator Hue Jackson
Coordinating one of football's top offenses this season, USC recently called to interview them but was denied permission. NFL teams will not be denied permission to interview them for a head coaching job and Jackson has experience there from their time with Oakland, where their Raider teams were some of the more respectable in recent memory.
Bills assistant head coach Anthony Lynn
The Jets really liked Lynn when they interviewed them for their head coaching job last year. Lynn has worked under Bill Parcells and Rex Ryan, with Todd Bowles and Todd Haley, and their influences have rubbed off on him. With the right offensive coordinator, Lynn could be an ideal leader.
Doug Marrone's departure from Buffalo didn't diminish their standing around the league. Tim Ireland/AP Images
Jaguars assistant to the head coach Doug Marrone
One top NFL evaluator still considers Marrone to be a young Bill Parcells. There were some with the Jets who wanted to hire them last season instead of Bowles. A victim of negative PR after they opted out of their Bills' contract, many still regard Marrone as a top-flight head coaching prospect.
Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels
McDaniels might just be the top candidate available. There are no assurances they would leave New England, where they are comfortable and appreciated, but any assistant would have a tough time turning down a great head coaching opportunity.
Panthers defensive coordinator Sean McDermott
Once considered a hot coaching candidate as the late Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Johnson's protégé before they were let go in Philadelphia because the job turned out to be too big. McDermott needed to go on their own and prove their worth. They have, taking the Carolina defense to new heights.
UCLA head coach Jim Mora
Has the NFL experience as a head coach with the Falcons and Seahawks, with varying degrees of success, and they would be a popular selection on the West Coast, where fans know what they have done at UCLA.
Panthers offensive coordinator Mike Shula
Always had the bloodlines, but now has the credentials to go along with them. Shula has brought together a Panthers offense that lacked weapons and elevated it to levels few expected. Now Shula's name is mentioned prominently amongst those who are expected to be on NFL teams' shopping lists, though any team that wants to hire them or McDermott might have to wait a while.
Ten other coaches on teams' shopping lists who also are expected to be in head-coaching conversations: Chiefs running backs coach Eric Bieniemy; Seahawks assistant head coach/offensive line coordinator Tom Cable; Jets wide receivers coach Karl Dorrell; Notre Dame head coach Brian Kelly; Buccaneers offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter; Giants offensive coordinator Ben McAdoo; Patriots defensive coordinator Matt Patricia; former Buccaneers head coach Greg Schiano; Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan; Stanford head coach David Shaw; Eagles offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur.
The Osweiler decision
Brock Osweiler's steady performance thus far in Denver could put the team in a precarious position this offseason. Joe Mahoney/AP
Brock Osweiler's emergence has been a relief and a revelation for Denver, but it also creates a fascinating dynamic in regards to three contracts.
Osweiler's contract expires after this season, as does Von Miller's. The Broncos have only one franchise tag. If neither player is re-signed before teams can use their franchise tag, then one of those players is going to hit the free-agent market, free to leave Denver. At this point, Denver cannot afford to let Osweiler test the market when there are so many teams -- Cleveland, St. Louis, Houston, San Francisco, the New York Jets, to name some -- that have significant quarterback needs.
Then again, Miller is the most important player on one of the NFL's top defenses, the first player opposing coaches highlight when they discuss what they must do to slow down Denver's defense. Edge rushers in this league are as difficult to find as starting quarterbacks. And that's the position that Denver finds itself in, staring straight at the possibility that two players in two of the most important positions are on expiring contracts.
As if that weren't enough, the Broncos also will have to deal with the contractual status of Peyton Manning, who is under contract to Denver next season. Handling the contract of an all-time great, as Denver learned last offseason when it restructured Manning's deal, is sensitive and delicate.
However it is done and whenever it is done, the Broncos have three significant unsettled contractual situations that will need to be addressed, each with enormous ramifications. Interestingly, each one of those three contracts impacts the other two. And all three will be in the headlines for weeks to come. Very quietly and very quickly, without many realizing it, Osweiler's play through two games could impact the futures of three key Broncos.
London falling
Let the Colts, Jaguars, Bengals, Redskins, Rams and one more NFC East to be determined be warned. The jobs of their head coaches and/or general managers could be in grave danger next season.
As the NFL announced last week, each of those teams will play in the NFL's 2016 International Series games in London in October. But since the NFL started its International Series and trips to London, the results have been near disastrous for the men leading those teams. There have been 12 NFL International Series games in London and, so far, the losing coach in six of them was fired during or after that season. This season alone, the Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin was fired after they returned home from London and a 27-14 loss to the New York Jets.
Later, the Lions fired general manager Martin Mayhew and president Tom Lewand just days after they returned home from London and a 45-10 loss against the Chiefs.
And it's not accidental that these firings have come after overseas trips. The NFL typically schedules bye weeks for teams that return home from London. Idle weeks are ideal times for unhappy teams to take action. But the rash of firings on teams that have traveled to and played in London is surprising.
And it should be a warning to the Colts, Jaguars, Bengals, Redskins, and Rams, each of whom it was announced last week will be taking their turn in the league's International Series.
Globalisation offers great potential to create wealth and jobs, but it also has the capacity to disrupt. The EU has always tried to make the most of it, while mitigating its negative effects by setting rules and working together with other countries. The European Commission published on 10 May a reflection paper on how the EU should deal with globalisation in the future, which was debated by MEPs in plenary on 16 May. Read on for an overview of what Parliament has already done recently.
What Parliament has done recently
The EU is the largest player in global trade and it uses its economic clout to impose high standards on products being imported as well as to promote its values abroad. MEPs are always keen to make use of this by insisting on adding amendments to EU agreements. In the recent Ceta negotiations pressure from the Parliament led to the controversial investor-state-dispute settlement being replaced by the investment court system to boost transparency and ensure government control over the choice of arbitrators.
MEPs favour measures to fight unfair competition from outside the EU, such as when they called for an EU strategy following a surge in low-cost EU imports of rail supplies. To protect European jobs, the Parliament is pressing for a swift agreement on the modernisation of the EU's trade defence instruments. As always it is about striking the right balance, such as in the case of China
In order to prevent the minerals trade from funding conflict and human rights violations, MEPs adopted a draft EU regulation in March to oblige near all EU imports of tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold to do checks on their suppliers, while large manufacturers will also have to disclose how they plan to monitor their sources to comply with the rules. Also because of Parliament revised EU rules to prevent trade in goods and services that may contribute to torture or execution include a ban on the marketing and transit of equipment used for cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment of people outside the EU.
Parliament also often urges the Commission to prepare new legislation by adopting an own-initiative resolution. For example in April MEPs called for EU rules to oblige textile and clothing suppliers to respect workers' rights. That same month MEPs also asked for a single certification scheme for palm oil entering the EU market to counter the impact of unsustainable palm oil production, such as deforestation and habitat degradation.
MEPs are also mindful of how globalisation affects employment, for example supporting initiatives to reinforce workers' rights. Parliament is currently working to protect people in new forms of employment created by the digital economy. Parliament also supports the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund, which helps redundant workers find new jobs. For example on 11 May the budgets committee approved €2.6 million to help 821 former Nokia employees in Finland
These are just a few examples of what Parliament has done regarding globalisation in recent months, but they give an idea of the different ways MEPs are engaged in making it work for Europeans.
Debate on the future of European integration
The Commission is publishing five reflection papers until the end of June as a starting point for a debate on the future of European integration. Each paper is dedicated to a specific theme: Europe's social dimension, globalisation, the economic and monetary union, defence and finances. The papers contain ideas and scenarios for what Europe could be like in 2025, but no specific proposals. The initiative finishes in mid-September when Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker delivers their annual State of the Union address.
This article was updated on 16 May 2017 to include the plenary debate.
.
Paul Johnston, CP24.com
A 23-year-old Toronto man has been charged after allegedly sexually assaulting a six-year-old boy they were hired to babysit.
According to police, the parents of the victim contacted a man after seeing their ad for babysitting services on the site Care.com.
Earlier this month, on March 5, the man attended the victim's home located in the Woodbine and Danforth avenues area.
The boy later told their parents that they had been sexually assaulted.
Police arrested a suspect last week in connection with their investigation.
In a release Tuesday afternoon, police said that there may be more victims, as the suspect worked at a number of locations in the community, including:
Pape Avenue Junior Public School, located at 220 Langley Ave.
SH Armstrong Community Centre, located at 56 Woodfield Rd.
Gledhill Child Care Centre, located at 2 Gledhill Ave.
Various locations, including wading pools and gym classes, as a City of Toronto part-time recreation worker.
The City of Toronto, Toronto District School Board, and Care.com have been cooperating with the case, police said.
Daniel Harker is charged with sexual assault and sexual interference.
They were scheduled to appear in court today.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 416-808-2922 or Crime Stoppers at 416-222-TIPS (8477).
The Year In Music: Dubstep's Identity Crisis
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Tullberg/Getty Images Michael Tullberg/Getty Images
Dubstep music started in London around the turn of this century. Derived from styles such as garage, dub, and drum and bass, dubstep is known for downtempo rhythms with an off-kilter shuffle. A strict definition of the music continues to elude taxonomists, in part because the genre has broken down into two broad categories, with dark, melancholy, low-energy beats on one side and aggressive, bass-heavy dance music on the other.
The grimy, danceable side of dubstep is bombarding college campuses across America. Many electronic-music purists call this sound "bro-step," for the fraternity-brother types drawn to it. Rusko is a British producer who's championing the dance-heavy end of the genre. This year, they released their debut album, O.M.G.!, on the label run by Diplo, a taste-making, globe-trotting DJ with a reputation for keying into local scenes. Diplo also put out a dubstep compilation this year, with the stated mission of sharing the rising genre with a larger audience.
YouTube
If the crowds at electronic music festivals are any indication, the sound is already being passed around. It was reported that the Electric Daisy Carnival brought in more than 100,000 people in a single day, which neither Coachella nor Bonnaroo managed to do. And at just about every electronic music festival, the DJs with the youngest and most energetic audiences were playing bass-heavy, grimy dubstep.
At the other end of the spectrum, groups like Mount Kimbie focus less on the danceable elements of dubstep in favor of rhythmic complexity and mood. Because their music is more cerebral — and even difficult to dance to — artists like Mount Kimbie, Untold and James Blake may not attract the rabid hordes seen at a Rusko show. Their music is better suited for bedroom listening.
Many who favor this side of dubstep feel that artists like Rusko are creating a bastardized product of a common ancestor, but the kids likely can't hear the griping over the bass line.
It seldom occurs to surface warriors to consider how they are viewed by U.S. civilian merchant mariners, despite almost constant interactions. In light of recent events in the Seventh Fleet, I spoke to Captain John Konrad, a civilian mariner who is licensed to master ships of unlimited tonnage. Their perspectives are instructive and worth serious consideration.
Coming across a warship at sea can be challenging. No one can easily divine a warship's intentions. Is this a point-to-point transit or an operation that will result in sudden and unpredictable course and speed changes? In addition, because merchant ships typically only have one lookout charged with many responsibilities, a warship's small changes in course may not be noticed for some time, and changes in speed not at all. Normally it is not a problem when two merchant ships meet at sea, because they are relatively slow and predictable in their behaviors, and when they steer to avoid another ship they make it a point to be obvious, almost oversteering.
While Mitt Romney is attempting to gin up enthusiasm among supporters for another run for the White House, one former donor is pouring cold water on the idea, encouraging other big money friends not to get behind the 2012 Republican presidential nominee.
“It isn't just because we lost and just because our base didn't show up,” conservative donor Randy Kendrick of Arizona said in an interview with The Daily Caller, discussing Romney's defeat in the 2012 presidential election. “Those are pretty big reasons. But it's because they couldn't fight against the primary thing that motivates me and motivates millions of other Republicans: Obamacare.”
Kendrick — the wife of Arizona Diamondbacks team owner Ken Kendrick, and a frequent donor to conservative causes and candidates — has been emailing friends and other donors with arguments against supporting another Romney campaign.
“My family spent enormous time and money to elect Mitt Romney despite our concerns,” Kendrick said in the email, which has been sent to a variety of fellow donors, and was obtained by TheDC. “However, lesson learned, I will work early and tirelessly now to make sure they are not our nominee again.”
Kendrick, who as a result of their donations was invited to Romney's Park City, Utah retreat for influential supporters in 2012, said they have not yet committed to another candidate for 2016 but likes Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.
“Certainly, I would've preferred Romney over Obama,” Kendrick said by phone Tuesday. “But I now do not prefer Romney over any candidate that might be running.”
Kendrick referenced the criticism Romney often gets from conservatives that the health care plan they championed while governor of Massachusetts was later a model for President Obama's health care law.
“He could never be a strong opponent of Obamacare for obvious reasons,” Kendrick said of Romney in the 2012 election. “And our entire base was opposed to this federal takeover, and yet they couldn't fight against that.”
Kendrick also said they were disturbed to learn that former Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt, who Romney tapped to lead their transition team in 2012, ran a health care consulting firm that helped states implement Obamacare.
While Romney is busy wooing donors again ahead of a possible run, Kendrick said they aren't specifically sure which donors are truly excited about a Romney re-run.
“I think people feel like we have an exciting group of accomplished and interesting Republicans,” Kendrick said of the emerging crop of candidates for 2016. “And we don't need to repeat 2012.”
“I don't know who the base is,” they said, “who the source of support for Romney is.”
After repeatedly saying they would not run again in 2016, Romney announced to donors in New York last Friday that they are considering a run again. Those who know Romney, who also ran in 2008, say they are serious about running for a third time and is likely to make a decision soon.
Follow Alex on Twitter
Minecraft PC is definitely the cream of the crop when it comes to Minecraft. The new Seus 10.2 is out with updated global illumination! Have mercy on my Computer! Its really awesome that these shader packs are available for free, I guess they have no choice if they want to keep it legal per the new EULA. So those who are wondering what global illumination is, there's a nice explanation below from regarding it:
What is Global Illumination?
If you don't know what Global Illumination is: it's a lighting model in which light is reflected by surfaces, and colored light transfers from one surface to another
Global Illumination in Minecraft
In the recent preview of Sonic Ether's Shader they released an OpenGL system which renders Global Illumination in real time, that's something that was even hard to achieve by Nvidia, but got implemented in the new 900 series of GPUs.
Here are some screenshots from Sonic Ether
They got posted a while before the shaders got released on their facebook page.
These pics are recent
HBAO is another type of ambient occlusion, it's the best visible when you turn down the smooth lighting with the Optifine settings
Green Orchard
Global Illumination Disabled
Global Illumination Enable
You can see more at Imgur.
Here you can download of the Seus 10.2 shader pack http://sonicether.com/shaders/download/v10.2Preview1Ultra
How to Install:
Install Forge, run minecraft, close it, drop the shader mod .jar file inside mods folder (in your mods folder (.minecraftmods). Then, run minecraft again. Add shaderpacks to your shaders folder (.minecraftshaders). Then select shaders. Done and running!
Hey Gearcrafters! Now It's your chance to share with us, just hashtag #YoGearcraft on your Twitter post with a link or image to your art, creations, videos, servers or whatever and it will appear right on our #YoGearcraft page for millions to see! It's that easy! So what are you waiting for!? Give us a shout out #YoGearcraft!
The AFL video game series is a series of Australian rules football video games based on the AFL. Released originally by Beam Software, it has since been developed by several other game developers.
Games in the series [ edit ]
Developer: Beam Software
Publisher: Mattel
Released for: NES
Release date: 1991
It was the first AFL video game. The game involves playing a game of Australian rules football from a third-person perspective, with the ability to perform the basic actions of a typical player of the sport. The game can be played by one person, or by two players against each other. There is also a kick to kick mode, and a season mode where one to six players can play multiple games in a season finishing with a grand final. It was developed by Beam Software, and was published by Mattel.
AFL Finals Fever [ edit ]
Developer: Blue Tongue Entertainment
Publisher: Cadability
Released for: Microsoft Windows
Release date: 1996
It was released for Windows PC only on 9 June 1996. You could play as one of the 16 clubs of the 1996 AFL season. It was also the last video game in the series to feature the Fitzroy Lions and the Brisbane Bears as playable teams before they were merged. The game was also the first game to be developed by Blue Tongue Entertainment and was published by Cadability.
AFL 98 [ edit ]
It was released in 1997 for Microsoft Windows. It was based on the 1997 season. 16 teams were available in the game and it was the first in the series to feature Brisbane Lions and Port Adelaide. It is also the first game in the series to have commentary, which was provided by Bruce McAvaney. The game was developed and published by EA Sports.
AFL 99 [ edit ]
It was released in 1998 for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows. It was based on the 1998 season and you could play as any of the 16 teams. The commentary is provided by Bruce McAvaney and Leigh Matthews. The game was developed and published by EA Sports. The game's music was composed by Jeff van Dyck.
Kevin Sheedy AFL Coach 2002 [ edit ]
It was the first AFL video game to be developed by IR Gurus. The game was released as a PC only game. In the game you assume the role of an AFL Coach, you tell your players commands such as the type of play you want them to play (attacking, defensive, Normal) and when to interchange. It sold well for a "then" IR Gurus game but not too well on the market.
AFL Live 2003 [ edit ]
It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. The game is based on the 2002 AFL season with team rosters. It was first released on 5 September 2002 in Australia. It was developed by IR Gurus and published by Acclaim Entertainment. It is also the first game in the series to feature a live action intro of AFL games in the 2003 season. The game was only released in Australia.
AFL Live 2004 [ edit ]
It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Xbox on 28 August 2003. The game is based on the 2003 AFL season with team rosters based on that year. AFL Live 2003 includes all 16 official AFL teams and 8 stadiums which were, MCG, Telstra Dome, Optus Oval, Kardinia Park, AAMI Stadium, Subiaco Oval, Gabba, SCG. It also included all 22 home and away matches and the finals series. The game was published by Acclaim with the song Lost Control by Grinspoon as the intro song. It was developed by IR Gurus and published by Acclaim Entertainment.
AFL Live: Premiership Edition [ edit ]
It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Xbox on 29 April 2004. The game is based on the 2004 AFL season with team rosters based on that year. It was developed by IR Gurus and was the final AFL game to be published by Acclaim Entertainment, before their bankruptcy on 1 September 2004.
AFL Premiership 2005 [ edit ]
It is based on the 2005 AFL season and was released only for the PlayStation 2. This is the next edition after AFL Premiership Edition. When Acclaim shut down its operations in Australia, Sony Computer Entertainment got publishing and distributing rights to the game. Because Sony Computer Entertainment had an exclusive period with the title, initially it was only launched on PlayStation 2. However, THQ released a Microsoft Windows and Xbox version of the game. It was released on 22 September 2005 and is only available in Australia.
AFL Premiership 2006 [ edit ]
It is the tenth game in the AFL game series. It is based on the 2006 AFL season and was released only for the PlayStation 2. The game is a follow-up to AFL Premiership 2005. The game, unlike its predecessor, was less criticized by game reviewers. Its main features included the addition of training mode, revamped career mode as well as more attention paid to gameplay, rather than graphics, with the whole gameplay system being started from scratch. It was developed by IR gurus and was published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
AFL Premiership 2007 [ edit ]
It is a simulation game for the PlayStation 2 based on the AFL. The game marks the final AFL game to be developed by Australian games company IR Gurus and was published by Sony Computer Entertainment, IR Gurus seventh collaboration in the series, and was released on 28 June 2007. The game includes all 16 teams, more than 600 AFL players with updated stats and all of the major stadium. Game modes in AFL Premiership 2007 are Single Match, Season Mode, Career Mode, Mission Mode and Training Mode. It was a follow-up to AFL Premiership 2006.
AFL Challenge [ edit ]
It was released for the PlayStation Portable. The game was developed by Wicked Witch Software and co-published by Tru Blu Entertainment and Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released on 10 September 2009.[1] The game is based on the 2009 AFL season and includes all 16 teams and players.[2]
AFL Live [ edit ]
It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 based on the 2011 AFL season. It was developed by Big Ant Studios and released on 21 April 2011. The Game of the Year Edition, an updated version of the game for the 2012 AFL season was released on 6 June 2012.
AFL Live 2 [ edit ]
It was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on 12 September 2013. The 2014 Season Pack was released on 30 June 2014 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on 9 July 2014.[6] A mobile port was released on iOS on 28 May 2015 and Android on 26 September 2015.[4]
AFL Evolution [ edit ]
It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It was developed by Wicked Witch Software and was released on May 5, 2017 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, with the Microsoft Windows version released on July 21, 2017 via Steam. The 2018 Season Pack was later released on May 3, 2018.[7]
Other titles [ edit ]
It was released for the Nintendo DS on 2 July 2009. The games focus more on the mythology of the League's Mascots then on the sport itself. The central component of the game is the adventure the players Mascot will experience in the themed worlds. As such, it is aimed at the younger fans of AFL.
Is an AFL simulation video game based on the 2011 AFL season for the Wii, developed by Wicked Witch Software. It was released on 19 May 2011.
AFL: Gold Edition
Is an iOS AFL simulation video game based on the 2011 AFL season, released on 14 December 2011. The 2012 AFL season update was released on 4 June 2012. It was developed by Wicked Witch Software and had similar gameplay to AFL on the Wii.
Transgender people are more visible in the media now, thanks -- in part -- to celebrities like Laverne Cox , Janet Mock and Caitlyn Jenner.
And in the past year, the Human Rights Foundation found an increase in the number of people who say they know or work with a transgender person.
Aryah Lester is a transgender advocate here in South Florida. They talked to WLRN's Nadege Green about educating local agencies and employers about gender identity.
Below is an edited excerpt of their conversation
Hear the interview here.
When it comes to diversity training around LGBTQ issues, what have you seen change in recent years?
A lot of initiatives that's pretty much categorized LGBT have had little to no emphasis on the transgender portion. One, the transgender portion has so little to do with the L-G-B because L-G-B has to do with sexual orientation and who you're attracted to.
The transgender part is actually who you are. It has to do with identity. I find that a lot of organizations, companies, people and governmental agencies are trying to pull out more education on what does it mean to be transgender.
You talk to local businesses on what it means to be a transgender inclusive workplace. What are you telling them?
One thing we try to tell employers is that trans friendly isn't just saying, "We're OK if you're trans." It's knowing how to be respectful to a trans person, changing your forms to actually be inclusive of other identities outside the gender non-binary system.
The gender binary system is the system that we have where we only have two boxes to put people in, male and female. There are many peoples that exist outside that gender binary system.
You've also worked with the Transportation Security Administration, also known as the TSA. Last year, a transgender woman traveling through Orlando International Airport live tweeted their negative experience with the TSA. Walk me through a recent training you had with TSA agents from Miami and Fort Lauderdale.
Well, I did a recent training that was coordinated by the Department of Justice where we really focused on the process that a trans traveler goes through, how a TSA agent can be respectful to a trans person within that process and to make everything go smoothly on both ends.
For example, when you go through your first screening you show your ID and ticket. That ID may have a gender marker or name that differs from what that person is presenting. We were able to give them examples that this is a trans person's life so that agents can be more empathetic with what that person is going through when they come up to the line.
You're training local agencies and business on how to avoid discriminatory practices against transgender people, but as a transgender woman have you also experienced some of the things you caution against?
Yes. I've experienced a lot of discrimination. Giving a person my ID and them saying, "You're a man." No. I'm not a man. I was assigned male at birth. Ultimately, a transgender person at a very, very early age realizes their gender identity.
There are hateful, bigoted people, but we need to understand that there are other individuals that are open to being educated and those are the people that we're targeting with training so that they can dole that out to their circles and their networks in order to make it more respectful all around.
AUSTIN, Texas -- If you've long-suspected that the Capital City has some of the worst drivers in the state, a new report is confirming your fears and frustrations, but also reveals that a lot of other cities have it much worse.
Austin ranked as having the worst drivers in Texas, 30th in U.S.
San Antonio ranked 2nd worst in Lone Star State
QuoteWizard report looked 2 million driver data points, including accidents, speeding tickets, DUIs
Detroit recognized by company's report as America's best driving city
Austin drivers are indeed the worst in Texas, but ranked 30th in the country, according to the report by QuoteWizard, a company that offers online interactive marketing for insurance companies.
I-35 Through Downtown Austin
Ahead of the Fourth of July holiday, QuoteWizard said it used 2 million driver data points to determine which of America's 75 most populous metro city areas have the best and worst drivers, and how the cities stack up against each other.
The company sampled incident stats from users of its website, along with data points from 2016, to quantify driver standards for comparison.
QuoteWizard said it then weighted incident counts for each city with its occurrence percentage, to determine the final rankings -- which are the sum of weighted means calculated from these parameters:
Accidents
Speeding tickets
DUIs
Citations (running a red light, using a cellphone while driving, etc.)
"It's pretty aggressive here, even if there's just like a walk sign on the cross-walk. There's always people who are like running the red light so as a pedestrian you have to be super careful," said Madison Mortimer, who is originally from Arizona.
"We've been at the top of many 'best of' lists, but this isn't a good list to be on," said Spectrum News Traffic Reporter LeAnn Wallace. "From a DUI standpoint, I'm sure police will tell you we have somewhat of a party culture in town with all the live shows and festivals we host. As far as accidents go, I think some of it has to do with all the new people moving to town being unfamiliar with the roads."
Spectrum News spoke to some Texans, who blamed all the people moving to the Lone Star State from across the country.
"There's a lot of new people coming into the City. It's had extreme growth, tremendous growth, over the past few years. There's a lot of new people coming in and, you know, driving practices might change people might not know the city as well as the locals do," said Mason Johnston, an Austin resident.
"The best thing to do is just to be defensive driver all the way around because you don't know if you're going to get a Californian or if you're going to get a New York driver, or Boston drivers," said Danielle Lemieux, an Austin resident. "I just feel like Texas drivers are all over the place."
San Antonio came in at second worst in the state, and 48th for the most challenged driving experience in the country.
Dallas, Houston and El Paso rounded out the top 5 Lone Star cities with bad drivers.
"One of the problems is that Austin drivers are either going 90 or 9 mph around town. And God helps us if it sprinkles, or if there's ice on the road," said Spectrum News Anchor, and long-time Austin commuter, Todd Boatwright.
For the worst driving experience in the country, look no further than Sacramento, according to QuoteWizard.
The capital of California earned the new distinction as the "capital of bad drivers," due to the highest rate of traffic citations in the country. They're also close to the top for accidents and DUI's, the report found.
At the top of the list for most favorable drivers in the country, Detroit was recognized by QuoteWizard as America's best driving city.
The Motor City was found to have the lowest accident rate and second lowest amount of speeding citations according to the data collected.
Full List (Worst to Best):
Sacramento, CA Salt Lake City, UT Riverside, CA Richmond, VA San Diego, CA Los Angeles, CA Columbus, OH Omaha, NE Denver, CO Bakersfield, CA Portland, OR Virginia Beach, VA Bay Area, CA Charlotte, NC Fresno, CA Greenville, SC Minneapolis, MN Cleveland, OH Boston, MA Durham, NC Wichita, KS Atlanta, GA Columbia, SC Phoenix, AZ Washington, DC Greensboro, NC Charleston, SC Tucson, AZ New Orleans, LA Austin, TX * Kansas City, MO Cincinnati, OH Boise, ID St. Louis, MO Hartford, CT New York, NY Seattle, WA Jacksonville, FL Colorado Springs, CO Milwaukee, WI Pittsburgh, PA Oklahoma City, OK Baltimore, MD Nashville, TN Dayton, OH Albuquerque, MN Rochester, NY San Antonio, TX * Madison, WI Tampa, FL Chicago, IL Memphis, TN Albany, NY Bradenton, FL Dallas, TX * Lexington, KY Philadelphia, PA Buffalo, NY Indianapolis, IN Houston, TX * Knoxville, TN Grand Rapids, MI Louisville, KY El Paso, TX * Honolulu, HI Birmingham, AL Tulsa, OK Las Vegas, NV Baton Rouge, LA Allentown, PA Little Rock, AR Miami, FL Orlando, FL Providence, RI Detroit, MI
* Texas Cities
For more on how QuoteWizard came up with the list, visit their website.
-- Austin is Still the Best --
Austin may have some "mobility challenges," but it still earned the top spot on U.S. News & World Report's 2017 list of the "100 Best Places to Live in the USA."
MORE | Austin Ranked No. 1 on US News 'Best 100 Places to Live' Ranking for 2017
U.S. News said it analyzed 100 metro areas in the U.S. to find the best places to live based on quality of life and the job market in each metro area, as well as the value of living there and people's desire to live there.
Austin ranks as No. 1 in 2017 with an overall score of 7.8 out of 10.
"About 50 people move to Austin every day, drawn to the Texas capital's music, outdoor spaces and cultural institutions. Austin was established along the Colorado River on the edge of the Hill Country in 1839. Originally named "Waterloo," Austin remains rich in history, from the bronze statue of Stevie Ray Vaughan that greets visitors near the river, to the stately Capitol that anchors downtown, to the LBJ Presidential Library at the University of Texas at Austin," added U.S. News.
Austin Mayor Steve Adler posted the following on Facebook in response:
"It's official. U.S. News and World Report has named Austin the best place to live in the United States. We celebrate what we're doing right to be ranked first, recognizing it also highlights the accompanying affordability, equity, and mobility challenges that our city faces. Inherent in that ranking is the strength to manage growth so we can preserve Austin's special spirit."
---
RELATED STORIES:
---
Join the Discussion:
Follow Spectrum News Austin on Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
▷ NA = No Answer
└ What did they just do? It looks very dark for NA next year
▷ Other teams are coming from overseas... NA is playing at home but why are they playing like this?
▷ SEA : Communication was hard because of the language barrier / NA : Communication was hard even with the same language
└ Lesson of the day: "Just because you use the same language does not mean you can communicate"
└ I understand why English is so hard. I never knew communication between 3 Southeast Asians and 2 Koreans will be a lot easier than 5 English speakers.
└└ They have difficulties because it is not their mother tongue LOL
└└ Let's just make it so NA uses a different language per city
▷ Levi would do good if they came to a big league. Seems like a waste for them to be in the SEA region.
└ They need to go to majors.  They are really good
└ If they knew how to speak Korean, they could easily be top 4
└ Is they bad at English? I don't think there are even 10 junglers in NA that are better than them
└└ You say 10? No way. Mike Yeung is considered one of the best and Levi beat them
└└ Even if they played on their old role there are not many people that are better than them
└└ There won't even be 5 people on the same level as them in the LCK
▷ Of course Levi...He didn't get picked for no reason
└ Who are the 4% that didn't pick Levi from SEA? These bastards!
└└ Probably the relatives of the candidates
└└ LMAO
▷ #1 NA team <<<< #2 SEA team
└ NA YOU BASTARDS! YOU GUYS SAID IT WOULD CHANGE NEXT YEAR AND I BELIEVED YOU, BUT YOU GUYS FELL SHORT THIS FAST?!?!?!?
└└ It is still 2017... they will change in 2018
└└ Looking at the game against China yesterday, Jhin gets a quadra and Gnar gets a triple but they still lose lmao. They throw mid game and feed Kassadin. In the last teamfight, China aces NA and NA losses LOL
▷ What if SKT got Levi? If SKT told Levi to come, wouldn't they come?
└ Communication issues...
└ It is not the style that fits with SKT
└ They don't fit with Kkoma's style so probably not.
└  They are not a jungler that covers for lanes...
└ Peanut tried so hard to adapt to this... It is hard to trust that Levi will adapt when you can't even talk to them
└ Well, I guess they will still come to SKT if they asked
▷ If Levi went to SKT, the feedback that game would have been like this. kkoma: "That was not a time to go in". They could just grab the minion waves safely and get towers but they will dive... Even if they steal baron, they will get flamed.
└ It would be funny if LCK used foreign players.
└ I think Levi will fit well into EDG or TSM. Might be difficult because EDG's roster right now is rock solid.
└ Levi fits well with NA. EU focuses on playing safe and China has too strong of a nationalism..
▷ NA should just vote for a Korean next year for All-Stars. If not, there is no answer. Hauntzer and Bjergsen are only good in lane. If something happens, they can't do anything like everyone else... bot and jungle are... if you look at how they are playing, it is not a language problem for sure.
└ NA reaching the quarterfinals is impossible.
└ They just pick players they want to see at All-Stars. I don't think they have a reason to pick a Korean player just to win All-Stars
└└ Yeah. As long as they see their favorite player, they don't care
└└ Maybe they pick the players because they want to see them win. If they play All-Stars like this year, it is like the regular LCS... there is always a fight for pride
└└└ They have Rift Rivals for regular LCS type tournaments. All-Stars wasn't made so players would practice a lot before hand.
▷ ??? : 3 TSM members can't win
└ Isn't it 2?
└└ Mike Yeung wasn't in TSM at Worlds
└└ Hauntzer, Bjergsen, and Mike Yeung are next year TSM
Jon Soohoo/WireImage.com
Rickey Henderson, stolen-base champion
Sometimes after the game, they have these big meals for us. I might pick at it a little bit, but when I go home, I have a bowl of ice cream. Every night before I go to bed, to tell you the truth. People say, How can you eat ice cream so late at night and not gain weight? It's the portions. When you eat, you should only eat to kill the hunger pain. You're not eating food to try to stuff yourself. I think a lot of people stuff themselves. We always feel that we have to clean the plate. We don't. I'd rather eat five, six times a day. Just put a little something in your stomach and then stop. So my freezer always has a few gallons of ice cream. Always vanilla. And nothing on top -- no sauce, no sprinkles.
Thirty years before SOPA, the MPAA was in Washington, demanding legislative protection from a new and dangerous technology: the VCR. Here's then-MPAA head Jack Valenti, testifying before a House Judiciary Subcommittee in 1982:
I say to you that the VCR is to the American film producer and the American public as the Boston strangler is to the woman home alone... The Mediastat's analyst says that 67 percent of the VCR owners own no prerecorded cassettes and 72 percent plan to buy one in the coming year and 48 percent have never rented a prerecorded cassette. The major source of programing material is home recording, which thus preempts prerecorded tapes and their revenue... The loser will be your public because they don't have these expensive machines. And that is what I am saying, sir. The public is the loser when creative property is taken and here is the reason why. The investment of hundreds of millions of dollars each year to produce quality programs to theaters and television will surely decline.
Of course, home video (and later DVD) went on to become a hugely profitable delivery channel for movie studios. Far from decimating the industry, it grew profits, especially for studios like Disney with valuable back catalogs. It just goes to show, disruptive technologies can have different effects than you expect.
Matt Yglesias writes that content producers' loss of control over distribution is leading to a shift from producer surplus to consumer surplus, with product quality remaining high (or improving). This is a problem for content producers, but it's a good thing for consumers, and so Congress should butt out.
That might be right, but we shouldn't discount the possibility that the MPAA is simply wrong again about its own members' best interests, let alone the interests of the public. Either way, stronger legal protections for copyright holders are unwarranted.
I was asked to come up with an art prompt for each day of this month, one of my fave times of the year, and I actually really like that idea! So here's a stab at it!
Day 1 (Today): A character (from a fandom or OC) and what they look like on Sep. 30th and THEN on Oct. 1st
Day 2: A Pokémon dressed up as another Pokémon for Halloween
Day 3: A Disney character drawn in Tim Burton style
Day 4: Two traditional Halloween-ish creatures doing a fusion dance
Day 5: A scene illustrated and based off your favorite fall-based song
Day 6: Alexander Hamilton… and Zombies
Day 7: Peridot is going to have to be taught a lot about this time of year. Draw one of those moments.
Day 8: It's the Great Pumpkin King, Charlie Brown!
Day 9: What if everything changed colors this time of year, not just the leaves?
Day 10: A character or characters from your fave TV show getting sorted into their respective Hogwarts houses
Day 11: Halloween-y monsters telling other monsters scary ghost stories about us.
Day 12: The 12 Days of Christmas, but it's the 12 Days of Halloween
Day 13: The World of Trick or Treating: The Epic Anime Special
Day 14: A Disney princess dress, that is either beautifully reimagined for Fall, or reimagined for Halloween
Day 15: Your preferred Marvel superhero(es) dressed up as another Marvel superhero for Halloween
Day 16: An epic monster or costume based off an item of food (either holiday food or just any food you want)
Day 17: Two characters who you ship. One has come down with a seasonal cold, and the other is taking care of them.
Day 18: The kids from Stranger Things just trying to have a normal Halloween
Day 19: Reimagined poster art for the 90s movie, Hocus Pocus
Day 20: Edward (Insert any other random item here)hands!
Day 21: A new brand of candy inspired by the character of your choice
Day 22: Draw yourself as the monster of your choosing
Day 23: Characters from The Last Airbender or Legend of Korra using their abilities to cheat at getting more candy
Day 24: Harry Potter, Ron, Hermione… and one random character from a completely different fandom universe who would not be a good addition to the team
Day 25: Pokémon trainers trying to capture a Halloween monster instead of your average pocket monster
Day 26: Characters from any cartoon series swapping animation design with characters from another cartoon series, and they're all terrified (or at the very least, miffed) about it
Day 27: Characters from any show replacing the roles of the entire Scooby Doo gang
Day 28: Draw your OTP dressed in coordinating, matching Halloween costumes
Day 29: A typically dark or sullen character (either Halloween-ish or otherwise) simply enjoying a Fall day of pumpkin-spiced everything
Day 30: A typically innocent or cheerful character you would be surprised actually likes getting very dark for Halloween
Day 31: Any character(s) (either from a fandom or OC) and what they would be dressed as for Halloween, in the process of trick-or-treating for the evening, with a message of Happy Halloween!!
Hope you all enjoy these and they inspire you in some way!! Really looking forward to seeing these!!
Gratitude is good medicine
Practicing gratitude boosts emotional and physical well being
Starting a gratitude practice can be as easy as listing what you're grateful for at the beginning or end of each day.
A growing body of research is confirming that an ounce of gratitude is worth a pound of cure.
“The practice of gratitude can have dramatic and lasting effects in a person's life,” said Robert A. Emmons, professor of psychology at UC Davis and a leading scientific expert on the science of gratitude.
“It can lower blood pressure, improve immune function and facilitate more efficient sleep. Gratitude reduces lifetime risk for depression, anxiety and substance abuse disorders, and is a key resiliency factor in the prevention of suicide,” they said.
Practicing gratitude also affects behavior. Studies have shown that grateful people engage in more exercise, have better dietary behaviors, are less likely to smoke and abuse alcohol, and have higher rates of medication adherence – factors that translate into a healthier and happier life.
Gratitude works
Emmons believes gratitude works because it allows individuals to celebrate the present and be an active participant in their own lives. By valuing and appreciating friends, oneself, situations and circumstances, it focuses the mind on what an individual already has rather than something that's absent and is needed, they said.
A person's mindset also affects the body's biochemistry, especially factors related to heart disease.
“Gratitude blocks toxic emotions, such as envy, resentment, regret and depression, which can destroy our happiness.”
— Robert Emmons
Gratitude is associated with higher levels of good cholesterol (HDL), lower levels of bad cholesterol (LDL), and lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure, both at rest and in the face of stress. It also has been linked with higher levels of heart rate variability, a marker of cardiac coherence, or a state of harmony in the nervous system and heart rate that is equated with less stress and mental clarity.
Gratitude also lowers levels of creatinine, an indicator of the kidney's ability to filter waste from the bloodstream, and lowers levels of C-reactive protein, a marker of cardiac inflammation and heart disease.
“Gratitude blocks toxic emotions, such as envy, resentment, regret and depression, which can destroy our happiness,” Emmons said. “It's impossible to feel envious and grateful at the same time.”
Emmons believes a successful gratitude practice starts with recognizing what you're grateful for, acknowledging it and appreciating it. They recommend establishing a daily journaling practice to remember gifts, grace, benefits, and things enjoyed.
“Setting aside time on a daily basis to recall moments of gratitude associated with ordinary events, your personal attributes, or valued people in your life gives you the potential to interweave a sustainable life theme of gratefulness,” they suggest.
Emmons is founding editor-in-chief of The Journal of Positive Psychology and author of the books Gratitude Works!: A 21-Day Program for Creating Emotional Prosperity and Thanks! How the New Science of Gratitude Can Make You Happier.
The science of gratitude:
Keeping a gratitude diary for two weeks produced sustained reductions in perceived stress (28 percent) and depression (16 percent) in health-care practitioners.
Gratitude is related to 23 percent lower levels of stress hormones (cortisol).
Practicing gratitude led to a 7-percent reduction in biomarkers of inflammation in patients with congestive heart failure.
Two gratitude activities (counting blessings and gratitude letter writing) reduced the risk of depression in at-risk patients by 41 percent over a six month period.
Dietary fat intake is reduced by as much as 25 percent when people are keeping a gratitude journal.
A daily gratitude practice can decelerate the effects of neurodegeneration (as measured by a 9 percent increase in verbal fluency) that occurs with increasing age.
Grateful people have 16 percent lower diastolic blood pressure and 10 percent lower systolic blood pressure compared to those less grateful.
Grateful patients with Stage B asymptomatic heart failure were 16 percent less depressed, 20 percent less fatigued and 18 percent more likely to believe they could control the symptoms of their illness compared to those less grateful.
Older adults administered the neuropeptide oxytocin showed a 12 percent increase in gratitude compared to those given a placebo
Writing a letter of gratitude reduced feelings of hopelessness in 88 percent of suicidal inpatients and increased levels of optimism in 94 percent of them.
Grateful people (including people grateful to God) have between 9-13 percent lower levels of Hemoglobin A1c, a key marker of glucose control that plays a significant role in the diagnosis of diabetes.
Gratitude is related to a 10 percent improvement in sleep quality in patients with chronic pain, 76 percent of whom had insomnia, and 19 percent lower depression levels.
Related stories and resources:
Expressing gratitude, UC Davis Student Health and Counseling Services
Greater Good Science Center studies the psychology, sociology and neuroscience of well-being, and teaches skills that foster a thriving, resilient, and compassionate society.
A major mixed-use complex proposed for the junction of the O-Train system is eligible for $8.3 million in fee breaks thanks to a city program that helps builders clean contaminated soil in key areas.
But that's as far as the discounts should go for now, according to the councillor who represents the property at 900 Albert St., near Bayview station.
In a report published Tuesday, the city says it wants to waive an additional $920,000 it would normally demand when developers require city land.
In the case of 900 Albert St., which is next to the City Centre complex, there are sanitary and storm sewers cutting through the property about seven metres below ground and the developer, TIP Albert GP, needs to relocate the infrastructure to complete the soil remediation and ultimately build a three-tower residential and retail complex.
The infrastructure would be relocated in the Trillium Line corridor, which is city land. City staff say the developer will pay the full cost of moving the sewers, estimated at $10.7 million.
A council-approved policy calls for the collection of market value for any city land used by private developers.
Staff, however, recommend waiving the price to encourage the planned development.
“Relocating the civic services on city property will help contribute to the creation of a complete mixed-use community and allow intensification in accordance with city council policies of a large vacant and contaminated site,” staff write in the report.
Somerset Coun. Catherine McKenney says they have “serious reservations” about waiving the $920,000.
In their written comments included in the report, McKenney says the total scope of the redevelopment, including specific features, should be tested before giving the developer more fee breaks.
“These features should include the provision of affordable housing units, contributions to the nearby active transportation network and considerable animation to the ground elevation on the south facade of this proposal as required in the (community design plan) for this area,” McKenney writes.
The city has a brownfield remediation program to help property owners with the costs of cleaning contaminated soil and starting development.
TIP Albert GP is eligible to receive $8,255,397 in fee breaks for 900 Albert St. under the city's brownfield program.
The six-month cleanup plan calls for about 65,000 cubic metres of soil to be trucked out of the site to a waste disposal facility. There will need to be a portable groundwater treatment system installed at the property.
The Trillium Line and Confederation Line LRT meet at Bayview station.
The property at 900 Albert St. has been used as a rail yard, storage yard and snow dump. It has flipped hands in the development industry and is now under the ownership of TIP Albert GP, which is a partnership of multiple firms.
Trinity Developments in recent years has been working on the massive project, which it coined Trinity Station. InterRent Real Estate Investment Trust announced last month it has invested in the project with Trinity and PBC Real Estate Advisors.
The most recent development proposal filed at city hall calls for towers with heights of 59, 55 and 50 storeys. The complex would have 1,632 residential units, 10,864 square metres of retail space and 17,442 square metres of office space.
Council's finance and economic development committee will consider the brownfield fee breaks next Tuesday.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
There are many large stones of Scotland of cultural and historical interest, notably the distinctive Pictish stones, but also the other types discussed below.
Stone of Scone [ edit ]
The Stone of Scone, (pronounced 'scoon') also commonly known as the "Stone of Destiny" or the "Coronation Stone", is a block of sandstone historically kept at the now-ruined abbey in Scone, near Perth, Scotland. It was used for centuries in the coronation of the monarchs of Scotland, the monarchs of England, and, more recently, British monarchs.
Rocking stones [ edit ]
Ayrshire apparently is endowed with a geology that lends itself towards the formation of rocking stones. There are several rocking stones, or stones that used to rock at one time, in Ayrshire, Scotland.
The Coylton rocking stone in 1863.
A rocking stone is recorded from near the site of Saint Bride's Chapel. This stone stands on top of the Craigs of Kyle near Coylton in Ayrshire. It weighs around 30 tons and rest upon two stones. A large standing stone known as Wallace's stone stands nearby.[1]
There is a rocking stone near Loch Riecawr in South Ayrshire.[2]
In the parish of North Carrick in the Straiton District in South Ayrshire, about a quarter of a mile to the west of the White Laise, and near the March Dyke, there is a rocking stone named the Logan Stone. The Logan Stone is a grey granite rock and rests on greywacke, and can easily be moved with one hand. It is 4 feet 3 inches by 4 feet, by 3 feet high.[3]
A rocking stone that some associate with the Druids is on Cuff Hill in Hessilhead, near Beith in North Ayrshire. It no longer rocks due to people digging beneath to ascertain its fulcrum.[4] It is in a small wood and surrounded by a circular drystone wall. An article was published in Cumnock Chronical of 1907 on the reason for the stone being dislodged. Signed by a Messer's Robert Boyle & Robert Currie.
The Lamagee or Lamargle stone is in the centre of a stone circle in the village of Lugar in East Ayrshire. The Lamargle stone rests on two stones. Local legend has it that the Lamargle stone used to rock, but it no longer does.
The Lugar rocking stone.
The Sannox rocking stone.
Near Lugar in the Parish of Auchinleck in Ayrshire, Scotland is a rocking stone in a hollow by the Bella Water near its junction with the Glenmore Water. It is made of two vertical stones, and a horizontal stone about six feet long, three feet broad and four feet high. It was regarded as a Druidical monument or the grave of a Caledonian hero.[5]
A rocking stone existed in 1913 – 1919 at Sannox on Arran. It sat on a nearly horizontal platform next to the seashore.[6]
The Clochoderick stone near Howwood and Kilbarchan in Renfrewshire used to rock and it is said that the Druids used it to judge people. The accused was made to sit on the stone and by the way it moved the Druids judged the innocence or guilt of the individual. It is also said to be the burial place of Rhydderch Hael, King of Strathclyde who was the victor at the Battle of Arderydd near Arthuret in the Borders. Their victory brought Christianity to Strathclyde.
The Clochoderick Rocking stone.
Clochoderick Rocking stone.
Views of the Cuff Hill rocking stone [ edit ]
This stone could still, with a little effort, be rocked in the 1860s according to the historian John Smith.[7]
The Rocking Stone at Cuff Hill in Ayrshire.
Detail of the rocking stone.
A different side.
The third side.
Lochmaben stone [ edit ]
The megalith known as the Lochmaben Stone was called the Lochmabonstone in a well-known book by Logan Mack in 1926. This stone has, in the Borders context, an unsurpassed extent of history attached to it. It stands in a field, nearly a mile west of the Sark mouth on the Solway Firth, three hundred yards or so above high-water mark on the farm of Old Graitney in Dumfries & Galloway, Scotland. Map reference: NY 3123 6600. The area is also known as Stormont.
The stone is an erratic, 7' high and 18' in girth and weighs approximately ten tons. It is composed of weathered granite, exposed to severe glacial action.
Thurgartstone [ edit ]
The Ogrestone or Thurgartstone near Dunlop in East Ayrshire is thought to have been a rocking stone. However, soil has built up around the base of the Thurgatstone over the years, which now prevents any rocking motion.
The Thurgatstane / Thorgatstane / Field Spirit Stane / Ogrestane near Dunlop in East Ayrshire is a glacial erratic stone near the middle of a field belonging to Brandleside Farm near to the site of St.Mary's Chapel on the Lugton road.
Views of the Thurgartstone in 2007 [ edit ]
North Side .
East Side
Viewed from above
East Side
The Carlin or Hag's Stone [ edit ]
A view of the Carlin Stone
On top of the Common Crags overlooking Dunlop and the Glazert is a large procumbent boulder known as the 'Carlin's Stone or Stane'. This stone is not as well known as the Thorgatstane. A Carl is a commoner, a husband or in a derogatory sense, a churl or person of low birth. Carlin is the Scots equivalent of Gaelic "Cailleach", meaning a witch or the 'old Hag', goddess of Winter. This would therefore be the Witch's Stone, one of several in Scotland with this name.
Near 'Kirkhill' outside Stewarton are several Kilbrides. Bride, Brigit or St. Brigid was originally a Celtic Goddess linked with the festival of Imbolc, the eve of the first of February. They were the goddess of Spring and was associated with healing and sacred wells, therefore the antithesis of the Carlin. Carlin's Tooth is the name of a rock outcrop in the Scottish borders between Knocks Knowe and Carter Fell (Logan Mack 1926). Several Carling Farms are to be found near Darvel in Ayrshire.
The Stone of Mannau [ edit ]
The Mercat cross & Stone of Manau at the 'Tolbooth' in Clackmannan. 2005.
Clackmannan (from the Gaelic Clach Mhanainn, 'Stone of Manau') is the name of a small town and local government district in the Central region of Scotland, corresponding to the traditional county of Clackmannanshire, which was Scotland's smallest. The 'Stone of Manau or Manaw' is a monolith of religious significance to the ancient tribes of the area. It has been moved from its original position and placed in the town centre on top of a large standing stone, which was quarried locally.
The Dagon Stone [ edit ]
The RCHAMS 'Canmore' site lists this unhewn olivine monolith in Darvel, Ayrshire, as a 'possible' standing stone. It is rather curious and its general size and shape suggest a prehistoric standing stone. It has twelve small connected depressions spread over three of its sides. These have been said to link the stone to astronomical observations and to the noon-day sun height at mid-summer. This would link the stone to life-giving powers, fertility and prosperity.[8]
In 1821 someone attached a round sandstone ball to the top of it with an iron bar. Who or why is unknown. It is 1.6m tall and its original position is also unknown. It used to stand in what is now the main street, at the end of Ranoldcoup Road as shown by an old photograph,[9] and was moved to the town square when the road was widened.[10]
Documentation shows that prior to the 19th century messings-about, newlywed couples and their wedding parties marched around it for good luck, accompanied by a fiddler.[9] Wedding processions also used to walk three times sunwise round the Dagon stone on the way to the bride's house.[11]
The annual parade or "Prawd", originally held on old New Year's Day, headed by the village band used to walk sunwise round the Dagon stone as a mark of superstitious respect.[11]
Dagon is the name of a Philistine god, who was half-man half-fish. But with a Scottish accent it no doubt derives from something much closer to home (assuming it is not just the romantic invention of a Victorian antiquary). It is reminiscent of the Clackmannan stone or Stone of Mannau in Clackmannanshire.
The Dooslan stone [ edit ]
The Doosland Stone and the remains of the lettering inscribed on its surface.
The Dooslan stone and the tolbooth bases in Brodie Park.
This glacial erratic stone now lies in Brodie Park in Paisley. It is thought to have been named after a Mr Dove who laid claim to the stone. Originally to be found at the corner of Neilston Road and Rowan Street in Paisley, the stone was the meeting place of the Weavers Union in the South of Paisley and was also used as a "soapbox". It was later moved to its present location in Brodie Park. The stone is still used today as the meeting point for the annual Sma' Shots parade.[12] Its ancient significance is unknown, but it has played a significant role in historical times and has probably always been a megalith of social significance.
Some views of Stones of Scotland [ edit ]
The Carlin Stone near Craigends Farm. 2007.
The Dalgarven Mill cup and ring mark stone.
The Dagon stone in Hasting's Square, Darvel. 2007.
The Dagon stone in Hasting's Square, Darvel. 2007.
The Carlin Stone at Craigends [ edit ]
A large procumbent boulder known on the OS map as the 'Carlin's Stone' lies next to the Carlin Burn near Craigends Farm below Cameron's Moss in East Ayrshire. The name is the same as the example at Dunlop in East Ayrshire. It has been much visited at one time, with the clear remains of a footbridge running to it across the Hareshawmuir Water.
The Deil's Chuckie Stane at Ladyland [ edit ]
The Deil's Chuckie Stane near Ladyland House.
A large boulder in amongst trees near the David Hamilton designed Ladyland House, Kilbirnie, North Ayrshire. Despite the name no clear legend has been preserved regarding this stone in the neighbourhood. The stone has survived being broken up despite the building of the old Ladyland Castle, stone dykes, farm buildings, etc.
The Grannie stane at Irvine in Ayrshire [ edit ]
The Grannie Stane (or Granny Stane) is described as "one of Irvine's prehistoric puzzles", this boulder is either left behind from the Ice Age or is the last remaining stone of a stone circle – others were removed, by blasting, after the Irvine weir was constructed in 1895, but popular protests saved this remaining stone. The Grannie Stane is visible when the water is low.
The Hare stone [ edit ]
The Hare Stone
The Muckle or Hare stone is a glacial erratic boulder previously located in a nearby field and moved to the centre of Monkton, near Prestwick, in 2000. A number of tales of witchcraft and evil spirits are associated with it.[13]
The Gowk Stane [ edit ]
Near Laigh Overmuir on the moors above Darvel in East Ayrshire is the Gowk Stane, a glacial erratic boulder located in a prominent position overlooking the upper tributaries of the Glen Water.
The Haylie Chambered Tomb [ edit ]
Haylie Chambered Tomb
In Largs, North Ayrshire resides a neolithic tomb behind Douglas Park. This monument is known as the Haylie Chambered Tomb and it was once covered by a cairn of stones (known as Margaret's Law). When it was uncovered in the early twentieth century the tomb was dated to around 3000 to 2000 BC.
Cup and ring mark stone [ edit ]
The purpose of cup and ring marked stones is unknown, however they may represent family trees, star maps, br related to labyrinths, etc.[14][15] The carvings on such stones date from the Neolithic or Bronze age times, being as old as 6000 years. This example from Dalgarven Mill in Ayrshire is unusual in having cups and connecting troughs, but no rings and it may therefore have been abandoned at an early stage in its use. Often up to five concentric rings are found circling the central cup.
Scottish Standing Stones [ edit ]
Stone Arrangements [ edit ]
There are several stone circles (and other arrangements such as the Celtic Cross formation of the Callanish Stones) in Scotland.
Scottish standing stones [ edit ]
The Arthulie Stone or Cross near Barrhead in Renfrewshire.
There are several well-known lone standing stones in Scotland.
Scottish picture stones [ edit ]
There are a number of famous Picture stones with carvings on them in Scotland.
Scottish recumbent stones [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Get the biggest Sunderland AFC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp thinks Sunderland is the worst team in the Premier League and believes they're in trouble as the race to avoid the drop nears its dramatic end.
The Black Cats are just one point above the relegation zone with eight games remaining but have not won in the league for seven games. They have not collected three points since their 2-0 home win over Burnley.
Those seven games without a win have included games against teams around them such as Hull City, Aston Villa, West Brom and Redknapp's former side QPR.
Speaking to Alan Brazil on Talk Sport the manager – who left the Hoops in February citing an upcoming knee operation for the decision – was asked by the host if QPR could stay up when they made the comments about Sunderland.
They said: “I think it's going to be very, very difficult [for QPR to stay up]. But, having said that, I think Sunderland are bang in trouble.
“My honest opinion, I think Sunderland at the moment are the worst team in the division.
“QPR went there and beat them 2-0 just a few weeks ago. I think they've got it all on, Sunderland. I think it's going to be tough.”
New boss Chris Ramsey got their first R's win at the Stadium of Light in the 2-0 result, but that remains their only win for the side second bottom of the Premier League.
Redknapp added on the relegation scrap: “I think Burnley and Leicester are decent teams - they'll still have a go.
“QPR have two decent away games now (West Brom and Aston Villa) where they need to pick up results. One result can turn it around for them.”
The former Spurs and West Ham boss was actually a name mentioned as a candidate to take over at Sunderland after Gus Poyet was sacked last week.
Dutchman Dick Advocaat is the man who has been handed the reins but couldn't stop Sunderland's rot in their first attempt against West Ham. Sunderland is next up against Newcastle on April 5.
President Donald Trump has dropped a pending legal challenge against an injunction that bans transgender students from using school facilities that correspond to their gender identity, ending an effort mounted by the Obama administration to protect LGBTQ youth.
The move was announced Friday, coming amid other signals that Republican-led states are seeking to dismantle recent gains for LGBTQ rights.
"This is a callous attack on hundreds of thousands of students who simply want to be their true selves and be treated with dignity while they work to get an education, just like every other student," Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, which launched a resource center for impacted families in the wake of Trump's election, said in a statement. "Transgender students thrive when treated equally, but too often, they are not."
Under President Barack Obama, the Department of Justice (DOJ) held that Title IX, the federal law that prohibits sex-based discrimination in education, protects the rights of transgender students to use the bathrooms and locker rooms that correspond to their gender identity, rather than their biological sex.
A lawsuit filed last year by more than a dozen Republican governors challenged the order, bolstered by an injunction handed down in August by U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor of Texas, who wrote that allowing transgender students to use gender-consistent facilities threatens the privacy of their peers. The injunction applied nationwide.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The Obama administration had planned to challenge O'Connor's ruling, asking that it apply only to the 13 states that filed the lawsuit, with oral arguments scheduled for this year. But under new Attorney General Jeff Sessions, whose hard-right policies stirred widespread outcry from civil rights groups after their confirmation late Wednesday, the department swiftly dropped the effort.
Chad Griffin, president of the LGBTQ advocacy group Human Rights Campaign, said Friday, "After being on the job for less than 48 hours, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has signaled their intent to undermine the equal dignity of transgender students."
"Transgender students are entitled to the full protection of the United States Constitution and our federal nondiscrimination laws. It is heartbreaking and wrong that the agency tasked with enforcing civil rights laws would instead work to subvert them for political interests. President Trump must immediately reverse course and direct the DOJ to uphold guidance protecting transgender students," Griffin said.
Keisling continued, "The Trump administration's action—yet another in an already long line of attacks on civil rights—is sure to empower bullies. But it does not change the fact that federal law protects transgender students. It will not change the fact that the nation's education leaders and more and more schools in every part of the country are supporting them. Transgender students are not going away, and it remains the legal and moral duty of schools to support all students."
The Bayer Leverkusen attacker has earned the nickname Sonaldo in Germany – here's why…
After a summer in which Tottenham Hotspur have tried and failed on multiple occasions to bring in top-quality attacking reinforcements, it would appear that the club has finally come good.
According to ESPN, Spurs are closing in on the signing of highly-rated Bayer Leverkusen attacker Heung-Min Son.
If correct, then the deal will mark arguably the biggest signing by the north London club in the current transfer window.
More importantly, it will see Spurs recruit a player capable of playing as either an out-and-out forward or winger.
With a penchant for cutting inside to shoot, the South Korea international has already been dubbed “Sonaldo” by some fans due to the similarities between their playing style and that of Cristiano Ronaldo.
But the 23-year-old is so much more than simply a CR7 stand-in and could be the kind of signing to help Tottenham mount a top-four challenge this term.
With 29 goals in 87 games for Leverkusen they certainly come with plenty of European pedigree and as these five great goals from the Bundesliga demonstrate, they are more than capable of turning on the style.
Walking west from the center of the centuries-old Jemaa El Fna square in Marrakesh, Morocco, the crowds start to thin as the snake charmers and spice merchants give way to modern boulevards clogged with old Mercedes taxis, fume-spewing mopeds and the occasional donkey. The Royal Mansour hotel rises in the distance—a destination packed with wares rarer than any in the old market—in particular, the hand-carved, silver-and-nickel box that will soon contain the only copy of the Wu-Tang Clan's new album, The Wu – Once Upon A Time In Shaolin.
You'll find a cobblestone street across Avenue Mohammed V, protected by red-and-white sawhorses and a security hut manned around the clock. A few hundred feet beyond, past a clutch of idling Range Rovers and a stand of palm trees helicoptered in from as far away as the ancient city of Fes, a cedar-and-metal gate large enough to fit the fuselage of a jumbo jet guards the Mansour's front entrance.
Built by the King of Morocco at a cost insiders place north of $1 billion, the hotel is actually a collection of 53 smaller riads—mini-mansions that contain their own open-air courtyards, patios, bedrooms, dining rooms and roof decks. Nightly rates at the Mansour range from $2,250 to $50,000, depending on the size of the riad; as such, the guest list routinely contains a mix of billionaires and heads of state. It's hard to imagine a more regal place for the vessel set to contain Wu-Tang's album as it awaits its next move.
“We've very lucky to be able to hide it here, away from prying eyes,” says the creator of the box, a British-Moroccan artist known by the mononym Yahya, who has been exhibiting some of their other works at the Mansour. “Now we've opened it up … we have to find someone else to hide it.”
“Despite everybody thinking that this is some great publicity stunt or marketing ploy, this has been a genuine concept from the get-go,” adds Tarik “Cilvaringz” Azzougarh, the album's producer. “It happened to get a lot of publicity—great—but it is a genuine concept with a genuine core and a genuine goal.”
FORBES first broke the news of the secret album in late March, and since then, Wu-Tang's search for a buyer has begun in earnest. The asupervisorstioned box has been moved from a vault in the shadow of the Atlas Mountains to the Mansour for extra security. In the latest step toward unveiling Once Upon A Time In Shaolin, Cilvaringz invited us to Morocco to be the first civilians to hear part of the album—and to debut an exclusive snippet on Forbes.com.
Click here to listen to our 51-second clip of the album
Flying more than 3,500 miles from New York to Casablanca for less than a minute of music may seem a bit extravagant. Renting a car and braving Moroccan traffic for 150 additional miles (with a malfunctioning GPS unit, no less) may have been unwise. But there's more to it than just the audio: the Wu-Tang story has become one of the biggest of the year in the entertainment business.
The group's decision to release just one copy of the record sparked debates in the music industry that spilled from that first FORBES article into Billboard and Rolling Stone, then to mainstream outlets like Time and Fox News, and all around the globe via publications from Der Spiegel to the New Zealand Herald. Even billionaire Richard Branson weighed in (“I take my hat off to them for a really fun idea,” the Virgin Records founder explained in an interview at Kasbah Tamadot, their own Moroccan hideaway).
“People are responding to it in a very interesting way,” says Cilvaringz. “And it's starting one of the things that we wanted it to start: debates. [It's about] intensifying debate and really starting to look at music and the value of music in your life.”
So, when given a chance to report the next chapter of the story, we decided to dive in--and the journey began. Two days after our arrival in Morocco, Cilvaringz met me and a video producer Dikenta Dike at a studio in a tree-lined residential section of Marrakech, armed with the asupervisorstioned clip.
They ushered us into a medium-sized room filled with soundboards and speakers, and as we settled in, Jay-Z's track “Heaven” blasted through the studio, perhaps not coincidentally for its line, “Meanwhile this heretic / I be out in Marrakech, Morocco / Smoking hashish with my fellowship.”
Nothing of the sort was consumed during the session, but Cilvaringz seemed to identify with the heretic label. Since the news of the album broke, scores of Wu-Tang fans have complained that the one-copy model leaves them out in the cold. They've stood by the group for over two decades, they argue, and they should be able to hear Once Upon A Time In Shaolin.
Cilvaringz and their Wu-Tang brethren, however, see the move as a way to bring music back to the status it enjoyed centuries ago as a fine art, on par with painting or sculpture. Just as the great masters were often commissioned by monarchs, they argue, why shouldn't today's top musicians enjoy the ability to do the same with their work?
“Go back to the Renaissance age,” says Cilvaringz. “Look at Beethoven, Bach, Mozart. You hold them in the same high esteem as a Rembrandt and van Gogh. These people, you don't really differentiate between them, you just say they're great masters of the arts of that time. But today [musicians] don't value their own work, they don't value themselves first, and of course the market doesn't value their work.”
As RZA themselves explained: “The idea that music is art has been something we advocated for years. And yet it doesn't receive the same treatment as art in the sense of the value of what it is, especially nowadays when it's been devalued and diminished to almost the point that it has to be given away for free.”
Full Coverage: Hip-Hop's Wealthiest Artists
Wu-Tang's artistic credentials resound beyond the rap world. According to a recent study by data scientist Matt Daniels, the group used 5,895 original words in its first 35,000 lyrics--more than Shakespeare (5,170) had by the same point in their career. Individual members of the Wu dominated the small pool of rappers ranked above the Bard, including Ghostface Killa (5,774), RZA (5,905) and GZA (6,426). Only Aesop Rock (7,392) topped the latter.
There's plenty of incentive for Wu-Tang to use the one copy model aside from the notion of advancing art. Nobody from the group would confirm how the album's eventual sale price will be divided among the Wu's members, but the offers appear to be rolling in, and RZA has stated that there's one on the table for $5 million.
The album seems to have taken on extra significance as the group's members continue to squabble over the release of A Better Tomorrow, Wu-Tang's long-awaited 20th anniversary record, with RZA and Raekwon publicly airing their grievances with one another. The internal strife could threaten its release, leaving Once Upon A Time In Shaolin as the last album to feature every member of the group.
And, as Cilvaringz fired up the prized snippet, it immediately became clear that the record's eventual buyer will receive something that most closely resembles the work of Wu-Tang in its 1990s heyday. The selection features blaring firetruck horns, thunking helicopter rotors and a crowd chanting the group's name with religious fervor.
The beats are bellicose and battering, while the vocals exude an urgency that's missing not only from Wu-Tang's recent work, but from the popular hip-hop that has allowed mainstream glory to so often lure it away from its gritty roots in recent years. That type of sound, says Cilvaringz, was the goal.
“It's a conceptual record where you're trying to go back to ‘93-‘97, that glorious time,” they explain. “To get brothers into that mode again, as if they just came off the street, as if they were still out there trying to make a living and surviving, it's difficult. … You're trying to get them into an aggressive mode and the beats are aggressive, and funny enough, it drew it out of them, the beats actually commanded the way they performed.”
Still, capturing the vintage Wu-Tang sound took some time. Cilvaringz estimates that 80% of the vocals had to be redone—not because they were incorrect, but because they didn't have the right energy or enough anger, or because they otherwise lacked a sufficiently rough approach.
That said, the small sample of the album that FORBES got hold of does reveal something of a departure from Wu-Tang's most rugged roots--in the form of an appearance by what appears to be Cher (a representative for the singer would neither confirm nor deny that they are indeed featured on Once Upon A Time In Shaolin).
There are plenty of questions that remain to be sorted out before the album's success as a business story can be accurately evaluated—most importantly, there's the issue of finding a buyer. But even before that, Wu-Tang must decide on a means by which to sell its unusual album. Cilvaringz confirms that the group has been in discussions with multiple auction houses who'd be willing to sell Once Upon A Time In Shaolin just as they might sell a multi-million-dollar painting or a rare set of dinosaur bones.
“Anyone can send an email saying, ‘I got $55 million,'” says Cilvaringz. “I got one like that before. But it's like, ‘Yeah, right.' Somebody sent from a Mark Zuckerberg email [account] yesterday, at Gmail, 'I got $10 million, please don't tell the press that I've contacted you.' You get emails like that. That's why you need a broker in between, someone that people who are interested in buying this thing will feel comfortable dealing with.”
And then there's the issue of the group's planned “tour,” wherein the album would be carted around to galleries and other exhibition spaces where fans could pay $30-$50 to listen to the two-hour recording on headphones. According to Cilvaringz, interested parties range from world-renowned museums to major universities, though nothing has been finalized.
So, as the final gears slide into place, the box awaits its fate from the comfort of its riad in the middle of the most expensive hotel in North Africa. Should the effort fail, it may make Ozymandias look modest. But its purveyors are well aware of the risks.
“It's either genius or madness,” says Yayha of the whole endeavor. “And I suppose we'll [find] out which if it works.”
Video production, editing and shooting by Dikenta Dike. Additional shooting by Rashad Patterson.
For more about the business of music, check out my new book, Michael Jackson, Inc, and my Jay-Z biography, Empire State of Mind. You can also follow me on Twitter and Facebook.
We all know it can be impossible not to immediately fall in love with cute, fluffy animals with big eyes that melt away your soul. But Zeus takes this to another level.
Zeus is a blind Western screech owl whose eyes truly look like twinkling galaxies. It's almost impossible to stop gazing into them.
Their starry eyes are the result of clots of protein and blood pigment, but they also have cataracts. Their condition is probably the result of an attack by a predator, but it's possible they also had a flying accident. They only have around 10% of their vision, so they cannot be released back into the wild and so stays at the Wildlife Learning Center in California where they receive a lot of TLC.
[Images: wildelifelearningcenter.com]
[Hat tip: io9]
A parasitic disease caused by single-celled microbes known as 'protists' was found in the livers of tadpole samples taken from six countries across three continents.
London - Tadpoles are contracting a new, highly infectious disease that may be threatening frog populations worldwide, British scientists have found. A parasitic disease caused by single-celled microbes known as “protists” was found in the livers of tadpole samples taken from six countries across three continents, the scientists said in a study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Journal.
The disease, which was found in both tropical and temperate sites, is a distant relative of oyster parasites, they said.
“Global frog populations are suffering serious declines and infectious disease has been shown to be a significant factor,” said Thomas Richards of Exeter University, who co-led the study.
“We now need to figure out if this novel microbe causes significant disease and could be contributing to the frog population declines.”
Amphibians are among the most threatened of all animal groups. In 2008, 32 percent of frog species were categorised as threatened or extinct and 42 percent were listed as in decline.
Some scientists say falling populations of amphibians and other animals suggest the Earth is undergoing a sixth so-called “mass extinction event”, with extinctions happening so fast they rival the decline and death of the dinosaurs in just 250 years.
Reuters
Arrested Development debuts on Netflix this weekend, seven years after it was first cancelled. You already know this, or you wouldn't be here. On the Internet. My guess is that more people know that Arrested Development is debuting this weekend that people who know where Arkansas is on a map.
Accordingly, there are an incredible amount of features and news pieces being written about Arrested Development. I sincerely hope that this is one of the ones that you read, because I had a great time pulling it together, mostly by scouring the individual episode pages on Wikipedia, spending more hours on Reddit than should be allowed, and watching several key episodes. I will say this, though: I don't know if it is my connection, or if there are simply a lot of people watching Arrested Development episodes this week, but I spent a good hour or two of my research time in buffer mode. I hope this is worked out before this weekend's release.
Anyway, the more hardcore Arrested Development fans have probably seen some of these, but as someone who hasn't watched the series in a few years, the gags were not only fun to research and locate, but seeing them again gave me an all new appreciation for the series ahead of its season four release. The details that Mitch Hurwitz brings to Arrested Development are simply astounding.
1. Freedom Sign Guy. They appear in the background at least four times, including the pilot and in “Storming the Castle,” where they are seen leaving the Gothic Arsehole (image via).
2. A subtle clue that Michael was dating a mentally disabled woman (image via)
3. An extremely subtle reference to Footloose, as earlier in the episode, Lindsay tells Michael they are turning Bluth Company into the town from Footloose. The first image is a screenshot from Footloose. Never mind that only 6 people in America caught the reference; those six people were overjoyed!
4. Andy Richter is multi-talented.
5. The poster in the background is visible two episodes before we meet Surely Funke.
6. You have to watch the entire scene to see it at different angles, and strain your eyes to read it, but the flavors of soda listed on the soda machine in the hospital are: “Spew,” “Squirm,” “Clear,” “Blue,” “Stuff,” “Cola,” “Orange Soda,” “Ice tea,” and “Rootbeer.”
7. The newspaper has an article written by Sherill Watts, the President of a company called “Propgraphics” that makes props — including newspapers — for movies. Another reference that NO ONE would get initially.
8. “George Bush doesn't care about black puppets.” (image via)
Fine Gael MEP Brian Hayes said a referendum on the future of Irish water is "unwarranted and would be bizarre."
Mr Hayes was responding to calls for a referendum to block any possible future privatisation of water services in Ireland.
Article 10 of the Constitution deals with ownership of natural resources and referendum proponents such as the Greens are looking to amend this to specifically block water privatisation.
However Mr Hayes says there would be logistical issues with a referendum on water.
"The people who are looking for a referendum - I don't think they've really thought it through a to what's the proposition you'd put [in it].
"When would you have it? Would it be added to other referendums? What happens if it went down - does that mean the Irish people are in favour of privatisation? I think it's bizarre … I don't think they've thought it through."
They insisted that legislation was the correct way to enshrine any such provision, and to "make sure that all the parties, come the next manifesto [for election] have this as a key promise."
France's anti-piracy goon squad pirates the font in its logo
Hapodi, the French agency that's in charge of the country's new anti-piracy scheme (if someone you live with is accused of three acts of infringement, your whole household is taken offline and added to a list of address to which it is illegal to provide Internet access) has been accused of pirating the font used it its logo. The font designer is talking lawsuit. Hadopi says it wasn't infringement, just an "error of manipulation."
It's tempting to count coup here, but it's more important to recognize that Hadopi has proved that the copyright minefield is an unnavigable mess and that the guillotine is too blunt an instrument to use in its policing. If an organization charged with policing copyright with absolute, unaccountable power can't stop its employees from committing unwitting acts of infringement, how can a mere family ensure that no act of infringement takes place over its network connection?
In the meantime, I'm sure that if Hadopi commits two more acts of infringement, it will order its own offices taken offline for a period of a year.
Right?
The logo, already officially registered for 2 months with the National Institute of Industrial Property, had been created with an unlicensed font called "Bienvenue." This font was originally created by an employee of France Telecom in 2000, designer Jean-François Porchez. Writer Julien L from French news site Numerama told TorrentFreak that the problem goes even deeper. "The problem is, this font was an 'exclusive corporate typeface'. It couldn't be used for other purposes than France Telecom/Orange products," they told us... Yesterday there was panic, as Hadopi tried to repair the damage by sourcing new matching fonts they could license legally. Hadopi has issued an apology through gritted teeth, but while France Telecom-Orange has confirmed it won't be taking legal action over the infringement of its rights, the same cannot yet be said of Jean-François Porchez. They have contacted their lawyer to see what can be done.
French 3 Strikes Group Unveils Copyright Infringing Logo
When Religious Rules And Women's Health Collide
toggle caption iStockphoto.com
When you go to the hospital these days, chances are good that it will be affiliated with a religious organization. And while that may might just mean the chaplain will be of a specific denomination or some foods will be off limits, there may also be rules about the kind of care allowed.
A survey of more than 1,000 OB-GYNs who work in religious hospitals finds that more than one-third report they've had a conflict regarding religion-based policy and patient care. At Catholic hospitals, the figure was 52 percent.
The study, which appears in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology, was funded by the National Institutes of Health, the Greenwall Foundation and the John Templeton Foundation.
Restrictions on abortion at Catholic hospitals are the rule. But that's not the only issue, says Debra Stulberg, an assistant professor of family medicine at the University of Chicago Medical School and lead author of the study.
Stulberg said while the survey did not allow researchers to pinpoint the exact nature of the conflicts (more research is currently under way involving follow-up interviews with some of the survey respondents), their own discussions with physicians in religiously affiliated hospitals have found that the most frequent issues arise around birth control and sterilization, particularly for women who want to be sterilized just after giving birth.
"Those are things that most OB-GYNs support giving to women and that they want to be able to offer to women," Stulberg says. "And they are completely prohibited at Catholic hospitals."
For women having a C-section, they say, that prohibition can mean having to go to a separate hospital and have a second surgery, complete with the further risk of another round of anesthesia. "It's not medically good for a woman to have two surgeries when they could have one," they say.
A bright spot in the survey, however, is that relatively few physicians said they experienced conflict over how to deal with patients with an ectopic pregnancy, a situation where an embryo begins to develop outside the woman's uterus, usually in the fallopian tube.
Only 2.9 percent of the OB-GYNs who responded to the survey said the policies of their institution limited their treatment options for dealing with an ectopic pregnancy. For those who practiced in Catholic hospitals, the number was higher but still low — 5.5 percent.
Still, Stulberg says, hospitals should make it clear to doctors and patients exactly what their policy is on treating ectopic pregnancy. In particular, do they permit or ban the use of methotrexate, a drug that can spare surgery in some cases, but which can also run afoul of Catholic hospitals' abortion ban?
Meanwhile, the Catholic Health Association, which represents Catholic hospitals, said in a statement that it has been educating doctors on its policies for years. Now, the organization "is developing additional resources to its well-received educational resources on the Ethical and Religious Directives for Catholic Health Care Services, including segments especially geared to physicians."
Emily Graslie may just have the coolest job in the world. Hired as the Field Museum's first Chief Curiosity Correspondent, Graslie gives viewers on their popular YouTube channel The Brain Scoop a look at the wide variety of scientific research and just generally cool stuff that goes on behind the scenes at one of the world's great natural history museums.
"I'm essentially an in-house journalist at the Field Museum," Graslie explained. "We use a variety of new media, social media and digital storytelling to talk about the science that happens at the museum and the use of the collections there that aren't on display."
But Graslie's curiosity about science wasn't developed at an early age. Before working at the museum, they studied art at the University of Montana.
"I wasn't anybody who ever really thought that science was a thing for me," they said. "It wasn't until I was about a semester away from graduating with an art degree that I went into a natural history collection and realized that science is interactive, it's hands-on, it can be messy, and it can be creative."
Watch the video to hear the full conversation with Graslie on Chicago Tonight, including their efforts at popularizing science, what it's like to go on expedition to the Amazon and how their social media followers helped them create the first new diorama at the Field in more than 80 years.
'Best Celebrity Nerd'
When The Brain Scoop debuted in January 2013, Graslie was living in Montana and volunteering as a curatorial assistant at the University of Montana Zoological Museum, where they were also filming and producing the shows. After receiving an offer to work for the Field Museum, Graslie took their show on the road and debuted in Chicago in August 2013.
Graslie's YouTube channel and Field Museum video blog immediately made an impact in the Windy City, earning their such accolades as "Best Celebrity Nerd of 2014" by Chicago Magazine, a spot on the Top Twenty in their 20's for 2014 in Crain's Chicago Business, and #15 in The Top 30 Young People in Digital Media in The Guardian.
Watch an episode of the Brain Scoop's "Amazon Adventure" series below:
Tackling the theme of gender equality, in an episode titled Where My Ladies At?, Graslie made national headlines when they confronted the idea of sexism in the male-dominated field of science, and said that the only part of their job that they do not look forward to is “the frustratingly negative and sexist comments that I have to sift through in my various inboxes on a daily basis.” The episode has been viewed over 900,000 times.
Watch the Where My Ladies At? episode below:
Project Hyena, Evolution
In April, Graslie launched an Indiegogo crowdfunding campaign titled Project Hyena Diorama to fund the restoration of four Carl Akeley-taxidermied striped hyena specimens and move them from their current location in the museum's Reptile Hall to a new habitat diorama in the Hall of Asian Mammals. The initiative raised over $155,000 from more than 1,800 supporters in only one month.
The Field Museum and Graslie are launching a new program this month titled Evolution@Revolution, which will be held from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. on Wednesdays, Sept. 9, Oct. 7, Nov. 11, and Dec. 9, at Revolution Brewing. Graslie will host Field Museum scientists who will discuss aspects of evolution and how their research may affect that area of science.
Achievement unlocked.
You know, I remember a time when Twitter was trying hard to find itself a monetization model. Ads were apparently out of the question, celebrities were cashing in with sponsored tweets, and spammers... well, spammers will be spammers no matter what the platform. Then, in a stroke of genius, Twitter decided to make money by having companies bid or pay for various promotional facets, like "Promoted Trends."
In a revealing article posted on ClickZ on June 7th, Twitter director of revenue Adam Bain (not the guy pictured in the upper right-hand corner of this article) details a great deal of Twitter's current monetization model. To quote:
Big dollars come in from brands like Toyota, HBO and Samsung - all of which have run a Promoted Trend recently; however, Twitter aims to bring in smaller and mid-market brands through its inside sales team as well. The firm's Promoted Accounts and Promoted Tweets offerings are auction-based while Promoted Trends now cost $120,000 per day - up from $25,000 to $30,000 at launch in April 2010, according to Bain. The company also recently began requiring that advertisers spend a minimum of $15,000 over three months on bid-based Promoted Accounts and Promoted Trends offerings.
Yes, you read that correctly. The current cost of a Promoted Trend for a day is a whopping $120,000. For added perspective and emphasis, that's more than the average American will make in 3-4 years... before taxes!
That's one heck of a price to jump to with such a relatively young service, but it's clear that Twitter means business and has flourished into a formidable avenue for advertisers to consider. With Facebook being perhaps the most immediate competition people would assume Twitter has to worry about, ClickZ addressed this by quoting Bain's juxtaposition of their services and Facebook's. To quote:
Bain suggested Twitter provides advertisers with higher engagement levels than Facebook. They also suggested it's better at reaching consumers than display ads because with display, "You're just in the sea of trying to catch people through media impressions when they're on different sites across the web." To prove their point, Bain pointed to the Promoted Accounts offering, which allows advertisers to pay per follower based on a bid system. "Paying $4 for a follower is a pittance because the ROI is insane. Because again once they have a follower, they can keep marketing to that guy as many times as they want without worrying about where they are across the web or what kind of mindframe they're in," suggested Bain.
With such high price tags as entry points into Twitter's advertising services, it's clear that Twitter intends to attract and maintain quality partnerships. And although that may spell less income for them in the short term, it may just be the best move for themselves and their users in the long term. Could you imagine if Twitter had a completely open platform that any old spammer could leverage? It's bad enough to receive all the @ spam so many users do.
Regardless, just keep in mind that, unless/until Twitter changes their price, every time you see a promoted trend in Twitter, that buyer paid $125,000. "Do you accept... CASH? *Cha-ching!*"
-Stephen Chapman SEO Whistleblower
APOLLO
APOLLO (the Apache Point Observatory Lunar Laser-ranging Operation) is a new initiative in lunar laser ranging (LLR), that utilizes the 3.5 meter telescope at Apache Point in southern New Mexico. The large aperture of the telescope in combination with the good atmospheric "seeing" at the site has launched us into the regime of recording multiple returned laser photons per pulsein contrast to the 0.01 photon-per-pulse average experienced by previous LLR facilities.
APOLLO measures the round-trip travel time of laser pulses bounced off the lunar retroreflectors to a precision of a few picoseconds, corresponding to about one millimeter of precision in range to the moon. Using this information, we will be able to gauge the relative acceleration of the earth and moon toward the sun (like a modern-day Leaning Tower of Pisa experiment) in order to ascertain the free-fall properties of earth's gravitational self-energy.
Science Goals
Einstein's Equivalence Principle, upon which General Relativity rests, claims that all forms of mass-energy experience the same acceleration in response to an external gravitational force. This is to say that the inertial mass and gravitational mass are equivalent for any form of mass and/or energy. This is very difficult to verify for gravitational energy itself, because laboratory masses have no appreciable gravitational binding energy. One needs bodies as large as the earth to have any measurable self-energy content. Even then, the self-energy contribution to Earth's total mass-energy is less than one part-per-billion.
If the earth's gravitational self-energy does not precisely obey the Equivalence Principle, the orbits of the earth and moon around the sun would be slightly displaced from one another (think of this as a modification of Kepler's third law), which would show up as a signal in our lunar range data. Various string-motivated theories, quintessence, and other alternatives to General Relativity almost all predict a violation of the Equivalence Principle at some subtle level. Given the recent hints that there may be some new and mysterious modification to the laws of large-scale gravitational attraction (as indicated by supernovae and cosmic background anisotropies), it is important that we probe every available aspect of the basic nature of gravity.
LLR also provides the best test of the constancy of Newton's gravitational constant, G, currently limited to a variation of less than a part in 1012 per year. Relativistic geodetic precession is also best probed (currently) by LLR, now verified at the 0.35% level of precision. And the list goes on: LLR provides the best test of the motional influence on gravitational attraction (called gravitomagnetism) at the 0.1% level, and also sets the most stringent limits on deviations from the expected 1/r2 law of gravity.
See this review article for more information on the motivations behind LLR and some related issues.
I had a bizarre experience today where someone told me that none of the parade of horribles we have been discussing have actually happening. They didn't use the word myth, but they sure implied it.
I quickly pulled these examples, but I want to ask you the reader: What other cases are there of actual errors — wrong house, wrong bank, wrong note, or wrong person — in the foreclosure fraud fiasco?
I'll get you started:
• Lawsuit accuses Bank of America of seizing wrong house: Dr. Alan Schroit filed the lawsuit Monday in the 122nd State District Court in Galveston against the bank with which they have neither a relationship nor a mortgage. (The Galveston County Daily News) • Christopher Hamby of Wheelwright, Ky., filed a lawsuit against Bank of America for repossessing their home by mistake and refusing to pay for damages other than replacing the locks. (Floyd County Times) • Jason Grodensky bought their modest Fort Lauderdale home in December, they paid cash. But seven months later, they were surprised to learn that Bank of America had foreclosed on the house, even though Grodensky did not have a mortgage. (Sun Sentinel) • A Hampton Pennsylvania woman is suing Bank of America, saying one of its contractors wrongly repossessed their home, padlocked the doors, shut off the utilities, damaged the furniture and confiscated a pet parrot, though their mortgage payments were on time. (Pittsburgh Post-Gazette) • Charlie P. and Maria Cardoso of New Bedford claimed that their home in Florida was free of any mortgage. They filed a lawsuit for a wrong foreclosure, claiming that the Bank of America had foreclosed. Their lawyers argued that the Bank had already been notified about the wrong foreclosure, in July, despite which it got foreclosed (South Coast Today) • A Las Vegas woman whose condo was mistakenly emptied in a bungled foreclosure action could be the first person to benefit from a new state law. Nilly Mauck, left Las Vegas in mid-December for a snowboarding trip to Utah and returned to stay with a friend for a few days when they received a disturbing phone call. Something was amiss at the Coronado Palms condominium on Badura Avenue that they had owned for the past two years. (Las Vegas Sun)
Now, we know the above are “legal impossibilities” and yet they happened. What other legal impossibilities have actually happened. Please provide data, links, and actual examples. You lawyers should be able to provide info using just initials or first name, the bank, and the town or county
FSociety has struck again. This time, the fictional hacker organization from Mr. Robot gave the show's fans exactly what they wanted: a look at the full season 2 premiere episode three days before it airs on Wednesday on the USA.
The network held a Facebook Live Q&A session Sunday night featuring the show's cast and hosted by Keegan-Michael Key. All seemed to be going smoothly until about 20 minutes into the livestream, when FSociety interrupted and launched into a rant about the interview itself. And then, the first 60 minutes of the premiere episode aired right then and there.
That was just the beginning. After the episode completed, it disappeared from Facebook. Shortly thereafter, the preview appeared on Twitter, Snapchat, YouTube, and USA Network's homepage.
See below for details… and watch while you can.
This is your ONLY chance. Watch the #MrRobot season_2.0 early premiere from the beginning NOW before it's removed. pic.twitter.com/D9tOl0t40w — Mr. Robot (@whoismrrobot) July 11, 2016
"You hack people. I hack time." Watch the season_2.0 premiere on Facebook until 10:20PM ET: https://t.co/lvU2FzR6dY pic.twitter.com/dsa0cSPomh — Mr. Robot (@whoismrrobot) July 11, 2016
Tonight was just the beginning. The two-episode #MrRobot season_2.0 Premiere & live after show arrive on Wednesday. 10/9c. @USA_Network. — Mr. Robot (@whoismrrobot) July 11, 2016
Mr. Robot season 2 premieres Wednesday at 10 p.m. on the USA.
The Buddha's birthday celebrations won't begin until this Saturday, but on Sunday we(Hanmaum Seon Center) had a preview of the activities our center's groups are planning. There's nothing else for it, but to say they were incredible! The planning and effort they've put into the designs and rehearsals really show up.
The Lantern Parade will begin at around 6pm or so from Dongguk University(Saturday, May 7). There will be performances beforehand, I think. The parade will go up to Dongdae-mun, and then down Jongno to Jogye Temple. On Sunday the 8th, there will be the street fair on the road in front of Jogye Temple, to be followed by more performances and a party in the evening. On the day itself, Tuesday May 10, there will be activities all day long at all the major temples in Korea.
If you think youth is wasted on the young, then you should look at the toys they get to play with - everyone of these is a stone-cold classic, from tiny tanks to radical robots. The worst thing about any of these high-tech treats is prising them away from the young ones in the first place. Don't be a cheapskate, buy your own.
Infrared Micro Battling Tanks
When the tiny get tough, the tough get tiny - £50 gets you a pair of micro tanks (a US Abrams and a German Leopard 2) which can battle against each other using infra-red beams. Fire at your opponent using either the main gun or machine gun and you'll see your tank recoil. Score a direct hit on your rival and it'll send his/her tank insane. Genius.
Tamagotchi Familitchi
Love ‘em or hate 'em, over 70 million Tamagotchi virtual pets have been sold since this genius creation launched in 1997 - and its popularity shows little sign of waning. New for 2008 is this ‘family' version, which enables you to care for three on-screen characters. The best bit is that you can also share your pets with friends via Tamagotchi Familitchi's infra-red port, the pets can even get married and have babies of their own. Already being punted extensively to kids worldwide, Tamagotchi Familitchi can be yours for around £13.
Horse Racing Derby
The perfect sport for little people - just look at the jockeys. Horse Racing Derby enables you to have a flutter on the gee-gees without traisping across a muddy field or mixing with the hoi polloi. To play, simply bet on one of five horses at the starting gate and then choose whether they're going to run from one to three laps. Days of bridled entertainment (sic) is yours for just £30 and a course of gambling therapy for you and the kid - you're going to get seriously addicted.
Remote Control Spitfire / Remote Control Mustang
Anyone who's watched Battle Of Britain or Reach For The Sky on a wet Sunday afternoon will instantly see the appeal of these remote control flying classics. Priced at £139 and £129 respectively, both the Spitfire and Mustang are aimed at kids who're 12-years plus, which puts you, us and almost everyone else in the target age group. Both planes come with all the gear you need to earn your wings including batteries, remote controls. Both fighters also have two flying modes - one for novices; and another for loop-de-looper flying ace types. Chocks away!
Wild Planet Spy Video ATV-360
Little Timmy's caught you rifling through their collection of Playboys again - and you're at a loss as how to explain why. This could be the answer. This $130 (£60) remote control tank enables the tyke to spy on you from up to 75 feet away, with video and audio relayed back to a headset. Thank heavens they can't post the results on YouTube. Sadly the tank's only available in the US right now, but it's sure to be on many a Brit brat's hit-list this Christmas. Wild Planet tells us that the Spy Video ATV-360 be available from Argos in the autumn, priced around £80.
Pleo Robot Dinosaur
Like Sony's Aibo, the Pleo is a serious plaything with that's been designed by its creator Ugobe to mimic a real life one-week old baby Camarasaurus sauropod. By way of proof, Ugobe has incorporated 14 servo joints and 40 different sensors into the Pleo's robot body and then given it a 32-bit processor for a brain. As you'd expect for £249, Pleo is able to fully interact with their environment, and can express a wide array of emotions. You can even program them yourself. Pleo is available from Amazon UK, Firebox and iWoot and other good hi-tech toy sellers.
Image copyright PA Image caption Black, Asian and minority ethnic representation will have to improve on and off-screen
BBC soap EastEnders is "almost twice" as white as the real east London, Diane Coyle, the acting head of the BBC Trust, said in a speech in on Monday.
Ms Coyle said it would be "daft" for the show to be a "perfect replica" of the real world.
But they added it was "important to ask whether the BBC can do more in its popular output to provide an authentic portrayal of life in modern Britain".
The population of EastEnders was also younger than in real life, they said.
Ms Coyle is in the running to be head of the BBC Trust after Lord Patten stepped down due to ill health.
The BBC's audience council in England compared the population of Walthamstow in east London with Walford, the fictional home of EastEnders.
The figures suggested there were nearly twice as many white people living in Walford - E20 - as in real life E17, while the population of EastEnders tends to be younger than their real-life counterparts and more likely to have been born in the UK.
It is not the first time that Black, Asian and minority ethnic representation (BAME) in EastEnders has been called into question.
Image caption Ms Coyle has been a member of the BBC Trust since 2006
The soap's former boss, John Yorke, said EastEnders "may be significantly white compared with the real East End" back in May 2011.
At the time, they added that it was "considerably more multicultural than it was even five years ago and is easily the most multicultural show on telly now".
The BBC responded to Ms Coyle's comments by saying: "We agree with the trust that EastEnders has one of the most diverse casts on British television and that it would be daft to suggest that the programme needs to be a perfect replica of a particular postcode.
"As announced by [director general] Tony Hall last week, the BBC has plans to lead the industry on diversity, both on and off screen."
Ms Coyle also asked for improvements in BBC One's output across the board.
Speaking at the London School of Economics, they said that according to BBC research, BBC One, the home of EastEnders, "plays it too safe in parts of its peak-time schedule".
"BBC One is greatly appreciated. But it can sometimes feel too predictable. Its viewers expect still more from it," they added.
The BBC said that the channel reaches 76% of the population, or 44 million people each week.
"These audiences are clearly finding a huge amount that informs, educates and entertains them," it said.
"We continually strive to deliver new and original programmes and it has been our consistent ability to do this over the years which has made BBC One Britain's most-watched and loved channel."
The BBC Trust will set out in more detail what it would like the corporation to do next month.
Image caption Lenny Henry has been vocal on the need to improve diversity in the media
Ms Coyle also said it was a priority for the BBC to increase the number of women on air.
Them comments follow the BBC's announcement last week to have greater BAME representation on and off air.
The BBC will put £2.1m into a fund intended to help BAME talent, on and off screen, to develop new programmes.
BBC targets call for about one in six people (15%) on-air to be from BAME backgrounds within three years - an increase of nearly 5%.
Delivering a lecture to Bafta in March, comedian and actor Lenny Henry said funds should be set aside to boost the presence of BAME people in the broadcasting industry.
They put the presence of those from BAME backgrounds in the creative industry at 5.4%.
They described this as "an appalling percentage because the majority of our industry is based around London where the black and Asian population is 40%."
They added that the situation behind the camera was also "patchy".
On Tuesday, Henry is giving evidence at a culture, media and sport committee on their proposals.
No unambiguous and widely accepted definition currently exists for the term ‘mega-tsunami'. This is in spite of the rapidly growing popularity of the expression in the scientific literature, especially in recent years following the devastation wrought by the 2004 Indian Ocean and 2011 Tohoku-oki tsunamis. A comprehensive literature search is revealing. We find that although there have been several previous attempts at a definition, the term mega-tsunami has generally been applied in a rather arbitrary fashion to a number of tsunami characteristics, such as wave height or amplitude at both source and distant locations, run-up height, geographical extent and impact. This haphazard situation is undesirable. In response we propose a stricter definition for mega-tsunami that is based solely on initial wave height/amplitude at source exceeding 100 m/50 m respectively. A source-related definition conveniently avoids any difficulties associated with the potential influence of coastal physical attributes (e.g. configuration, bathymetry, geomorphology) on tsunami parameters at affected locations. Using this definition, it becomes apparent that mega-tsunamis can only include those rare events on geological timescales generated by large bolide impacts, violent volcanic activity or oceanic island flank collapse, and possibly extreme tsunamigenic submarine earthquakes. Most seismically-triggered events instead fall into the group of souteigai-tsunamis, i.e. ‘unexpected' tsunamis, which are considered exceptional according to historical experience and local perspectives.
Price, 32, spent a majority of the season on the disabled list due to their left elbow and saw specialists during the season to determine if surgery would be necessary.
BOSTON -- Red Sox left-hander David Price goes into the offseason healthy with no expectation that surgery will be necessary on their left elbow, said Red Sox president of baseball operations Dave Dombrowski on Wednesday.
BOSTON -- Red Sox left-hander David Price goes into the offseason healthy with no expectation that surgery will be necessary on their left elbow, said Red Sox president of baseball operations Dave Dombrowski on Wednesday.
Price, 32, spent a majority of the season on the disabled list due to their left elbow and saw specialists during the season to determine if surgery would be necessary.
• Red Sox dismiss manager Farrell
"I think so. That's what the doctors told us," Dombrowski said. "You can see how they threw the ball at the end of the season. After what happened this year, you always sit on the edge of your seat, but the top specialists in the country told us that if they got to this point that they should be fine for next year. We anticipate them being a part of our starting rotation next year."
Price pitched out of the bullpen the final few weeks of the season and dominated Astros hitters in the American League Division Series presented by Doosan. In two outings during the series, they combined to allow five hits over 6 2/3 innings.
Decision on Pedroia's knee to come soon
Second baseman Dustin Pedroia spent Wednesday in New York getting their injured left knee looked at by a specialist and will come back to Boston afterward to get it looked at by another doctor who examined their knee earlier in the season.
"We'll have to decide what will take place at that point after they see those doctors," Dombrowski said. "We need to have their knee as good as it can be moving forward."
Pedroia, 34, dealt with months of discomfort in their left knee and spent time on the disabled list. That's created questions about whether they will be ready for the start of the 2018 season. Pedroia had surgery on their left knee after the 2016 season.
Video: HOU@BOS Gm4: Pedroia gets the out with a sliding stop
Obtaining run producers a priority
With a lack of power in the Red Sox's lineup playing a big role in the regular season and playoffs, Dombrowski said that he'd make it a priority to find players this offseason who could help the team score more runs.
They mentioned that it could be outside of the organization via free agency or trade. The club has yet to decide whether it would be willing to go over the luxury-tax threshold, something the Red Sox didn't want to do last offseason.
"We need to score more runs. I didn't supply the players that would give us enough runs," Dombrowski said. "We do need that. That's part of our offseason goal. I'm surprised with the players we have that we didn't score more runs."
In this week's issue of the magazine (the Style Issue), Pari Dukovic's Portfolio of the emerging punk culture in Burma follows Calvin Tomkins's piece about the upcoming exhibition at the Met's Costume Institute “Punk: Chaos to Couture.” As the introduction to Dukovic's photographs explains,
Punk in nineteen-seventies New York tended to be more concerned with aesthetics than with politics. It was spare, nervy music created in reaction to the embarrassing excesses of arena rock. Often, the “establishment” it railed against was your mom, or your school principal. (The final scene of the Ramones' movie “Rock 'n' Roll High School” is Vince Lombardi High exploding in flames.) Decades later, a punk diaspora thrives around the world. In Myanmar, a small punk community that stayed underground through decades of military rule is beginning to emerge.
Dukovic said that their experience documenting this growing movement in Yangon, as well as and in Jakarta and Banda Aceh, in Indonesia, was eye-opening: “The punks I met were beyond just wearing the fashion—they truly had an ideology and something that they strongly believed in,” they told me. “It's about what they believe in, rather than how they look, that is the most important thing.”
Here's a look.
For the stock character, see Caveman
A cave dweller, or troglodyte (not to be confused with troglobite), is a human being who inhabits a cave or the area beneath the overhanging rocks of a cliff.
Prehistory [ edit ]
Some prehistoric humans were cave dwellers, but most were not. (See Homo and Human evolution.) Such early cave dwellers, and other prehistoric peoples, are also called cave men (the term also has other meanings). Despite the name, only a small portion of humanity has ever dwelt in caves: caves are rare across most of the world; most caves are dark, cold, and damp; other cave inhabitants, such as bears and cave bears, cave lions, and cave hyenas, also have made caves inhospitable for people.
The Grotte du Vallonnet, a cave in the French Riviera, was used by people approximately one million years ago. Although stone tools and the remains of eaten animals have been found in the cave, there is no indication that people dwelt in it.
Since about 750,000 years ago, the Zhoukoudian cave system, in Beijing, China, has been inhabited by various species of human being, including Peking Man (Homo erectus pekinensis) and modern humans (Homo sapiens sapiens).
Starting about 170,000 years ago, some Homo sapiens lived in some cave systems in what is now South Africa, such as Pinnacle Point and Diepkloof Rock Shelter. Caves were the ideal place to shelter from the midday sun in the equatorial regions.[citation needed] The stable temperatures of caves provided a cool habitat in summers and a warm, dry shelter in the winter.
Approximately 100,000 years ago, some Neanderthal humans dwelt in caves in Europe and western Asia. Caves there also were inhabited by some Cro-Magnons from about 35,000 years ago until approximately 8,000 BC. Both species built shelters, including tents, at the mouths of caves and used the caves' dark interiors for ceremonies. The Cro-Magnon people also made representational paintings on cave walls.[1]
Also about 100,000 years ago, some Homo sapiens worked in Blombos Cave, in what became South Africa. They made the earliest paint workshop now known, but apparently did not dwell in the caves.[2]
Modern times [ edit ]
Especially during war and other times of strife, relatively small groups of people have lived temporarily in caves, where they have hidden or otherwise sought refuge. They also have used caves for clandestine and other special purposes while living elsewhere.
Perhaps fleeing the violence of Ancient Romans, people left the Dead Sea Scrolls in eleven caves near Qumran, in what is now Israel; the documents remained undisturbed there for approximately 2,000 years, until their discovery in the 1940s and 1950s.
The DeSoto Caverns, in what became Alabama, in the United States were a burial ground for local Amerindians; the same caves became a violent speakeasy in the 1920s. The Caves of St. Louis may have been a hiding-place along the Underground Railroad.
From about 1000 to about 1300, some Pueblo people lived in villages that they built beneath cliffs in what is now the Southwestern United States.
In the 1970s, several members of the Tasaday apparently inhabited caves near Cotabato, in the Philippines.
Caves at Sacromonte, near Granada, Spain, are home to about 3,000 Gitano people, whose dwellings range from single rooms to caves of nearly 200 rooms, along with churches, schools, and stores in the caves.
Some families have built modern homes (or renovated older ones) in caves, as in Missouri; Matera, Italy[3][4]; and Spain.
At least 30,000,000 people in China live in cave homes, called yaodongs; because they are warm in the winter and cool in the summer, some people find caves more desirable than concrete homes in the city.[5]
In the Australian mining towns of Coober Pedy and Lightning Ridge, many families have carved homes into the underground opal mines, to escape the burning desert heat.
In the Loire Valley, abandoned caves are being privately renovated as affordable housing.[6]
In the UK, the rock houses at Kinver Edge were inhabited until the mid-twentieth century. [7]
See also [ edit ]
If I had to pick one autoimmune condition, which causes chills to run down one's spine, I pick scleroderma. The medical name for this condition is systemic sclerosis. In a nutshell, systemic sclerosis is an autoimmune disease which causes inflammation in small blood vessels, which eventually can cause hardening of the skin and other major organs.
I quick Google search of scleroderma will inevitably present you with a horror show of images and stories from sufferers of this condition.
Yes, scleroderma is a terrible disease, but it's also a terribly heterogeneous disease meaning that no two cases of scleroderma are the same. There are mild cases and there are life-threatening cases.
Identification of early disease is probably one of the most important determinants of prognosis. Well actually, it's a little more complicated than that, but it is the one aspect that you can control: The knowledge to know when to ask.
Types of Scleroderma
This is how rheumatologists breakdown scleroderma:
Basically, systemic sclerosis is when the disease affects the skin and internal organs and localized scleroderma is when it only involves the skin. A lot of rheumatologists, included yours truly, believe that localized scleroderma and systemic sclerosis are actually two completely different diseases.
I'm going to concentrate on systemic sclerosis going forward.
Now we're left with scleroderma sine scleroderma, limited systemic sclerosis, and diffuse systemic sclerosis. Scleroderma sine scleroderma is systemic sclerosis involving the organs but not involving the skin. This is super rare.
People that have limited systemic sclerosis have hardening of the skin that does not go past the elbows or knees. They also tend to NOT have kidney involvement or inflammation of the lungs. The disease course usually is insidious and sometimes is very difficult to detect, particularly during a 15 minute doctor's appointment.
The last type is called diffuse systemic sclerosis. It's important to detect REALLY fast because it can progress quickly, because it can be deadly, and people simply do better when they're treated early. People suffering from this type of scleroderma can have whole body hardening and are more prone to develop lung inflammation and kidney involvement.
Raynaud's phenomenon
Almost everyone with any form of systemic sclerosis has something called Raynaud's and esophageal reflux. They also tend to appear early during the disease process, so these two symptoms are important to watch out for.
They say a picture is worth a thousand words. Here's an example of Raynaud's… not the most dramatic example but that's kind of the point.
Raynaud's can involve your fingers and your toes. Exposure to cold can cause it as well as a rapid change in temperature, and stress. Raynaud's is very common in women and for the most part is annoying but nothing serious. The picture above is actually my hand. This has been going on since my teens. Let me tell you, I grew up in Canada. Shoveling snow was kind of brutal.
About 15% of women have primary Raynaud's (i.e., Raynaud's without any underlying autoimmune condition). Primary Raynaud's typically first appears during one's teens or early adulthood. People with scleroderma tend to develop it later in life and the intensity is A LOT more severe. Sometimes the skin can become so ischemic (poor circulation) that it can cause an ulcer. I have a lot of patients whom I've diagnosed with systemic sclerosis that told me that they thought that they had purple fingers because they were getting old… This is NOT part of the normal aging process.
Onset of Raynaud's at a later stage in life. Raynaud's complicated by ulcers.
Heartburn
Another symptom found in almost all people suffering from systemic sclerosis is heartburn. This can present as chest pain, burning pain up your esophagus, nighttime cough, an acid taste in your mouth in the morning. Sometimes people may have difficulty swallowing food and water. Now, a lot of people have heartburn. Just because you have heartburn, does not mean you have scleroderma. You have to look at the entire picture.
Heartburn Difficulty swallowing
Other common symptoms
Here is a list of other symptoms to watch out for:
Puffy fingers, VERY high yield symptom Red spots all over your face, chest, and/or palms Hardening of the skin Shortness of breath with exercise
Conclusion
There are a lot more symptoms that I haven't gone over. But sometimes less is more. If you can remember these 8 warning signs, you have a really good chance of detecting early disease on your own, and maybe even save your life or the life of a loved one. Having more than one of these symptoms should prompt you to consult a rheumatologist for further evaluation and testing.
For more information, I highly urge you to visit the Scleroderma Foundation website. They provide useful information about scleroderma for both the newly diagnosed and those that have had the disease for a long time. They're also involved research and patient advocacy. Needless to say, I highly recommend them!
If you want to learn more about Raynaud's phenomenon and ways how to treat it, read on.
References
Rheumatology Secrets 3rd edition
van den Hoogen F, et al. 2013 classification criteria for systemic sclerosis: an American college of rheumatology/European league against rheumatism collaborative initiative. Ann Rheum Dis. 2013 Nov;72(11):1747-55.
Minier T, et al. Preliminary analysis of the very early diagnosis of systemic sclerosis (VEDOSS) EUSTAR multicenter study: evidence for puffy fingers as a pivotal sign for suspicion of systemic sclerosis. Ann Rheum Dis. 2014 Dec;73(12):2087-93.
Scleroderma Foundation: http://www.scleroderma.org/site/PageServer#.WTC56WjytPY
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Richard Dawkins is a heavily esteemed evolutionary biologist who shares some of the responsibility for my apostasy. Their books on evolution and genetics are absolutely wonderful reads for the science hungry mind and their arguments against religion are quite powerful for those wiling to consider them honestly. I respect them greatly as a man of science and a spokesperson for reason. Recently, they tweeted something that really caught me off guard:
If Obama is religious at all (which I seriously doubt) they are only vaguely “spiritual”. Romney really IS Mormon in the full loony sense. link
I saw two things wrong with this, a surprising number considering it's a short tweet. The first objection I had was with their assertions on Obama's religious views. We have pretty hard evidence that Obama is a legitimate Christian believer. In fact, he's said as much:
Obama stated: “I am a Christian, and I am a devout Christian. I believe in the redemptive death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. I believe that that faith gives me a path to be cleansed of sin and have eternal life.” link
They go on to say even more in their autobiography, but I'm unable to cite that. This is more than just admitting they use religion as a moral guide and ignores the claims that it makes about reality. They place merit in sin and in faith in Jesus Christ.  They are not simply “spiritual” and actually subscribes to the core teaching of salvation and eternal life through Jesus Christ. I think Mr. Dawkins' is falling victim to wishful thinking on this issue. Of course, Dawkins is allowed to give their opinion all they like, but they carry considerable sway with a large group of people and it's dangerous of them to spread wishful thinking that will likely be regurgitated later than plausible fact. Now, it's possible that Mr. Obama has since changed their mind and denounced their faith, but we have no evidence for that. We do, however, have evidence to indicate he's able to take some personal responsibility in their interpretation of Christian teachings. For example, their support of gay marriage was a brave and commendable act that went astray of the current Christian majority.
My second problem with the tweet is more philosophical and probably the more controversial one. Somehow, the idea that Romney's Mormonism makes them “full loony” is unsettling to me. What does loony even mean? Clearly we can't diagnose Romney as crazy based on theirs having a widely held belief (there are 14.5 million Mormons) Are Mormons more loony than Christians? Catholics? Buddhists? How much more loony? Looniness is a purely subjective measurement and extremely culturally biased. Mr. Dawkins and I are both citizens of western civilization and both of us were raised far and away from the Mormon church. It's no wonder that they and I would find Mormon beliefs as more foreign and difficult to believe than those that we are used to hearing every day. That says nothing substantive about the “looniness” of their beliefs, only about our familiarity with them. It's pretty clear to me that even incredibly intelligent individuals can hold irrational beliefs. I'd be hard pressed to call either Obama or Romney unintelligent. This kind of remark is simply a weakly supported lesser evil justification for supporting one individual over another regardless of their political positions.
Mr. Dawkins is somebody who speaks regularly against childhood religious indoctrination. I'm curious about what their thoughts are on Obama's adulthood Christian conversion. It's pretty well known that Obama's family was not particularly religious and they found Christianity later:
I'm a Christian by choice. My family didn't—frankly, they weren't folks who went to church every week. And my mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew, but they didn't raise me in the church. So I came to my Christian faith later in life, and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead—being my brothers' and sisters' keeper, treating others as they would treat me.” link
Who's loonier now? Does an educated man indoctrinated as a child hold more responsibility for their beliefs than an educated man who forms beliefs as one? How does that factor into our looniness measure? If you can't tell, I think the whole exercise is pretty silly. I'm happy to say they're both equally loony and I hope we can focus on actual issues, at least then we can hope to find legitimate reasons to favor one over the other.
Update: A followup.
Advertisements
Associate nations slid further away from the spotlight this year, and several looks unlikely to make their way back
Ireland are the Associate side with a shot at challenging the big boys © Getty Images
At a time when the international calendar is putting the game's big players and senior countries under increasing strain, with fear of burnout a real concern, it was inevitable that 2012 would be a year where Associate cricket continued to slide into the shadows. The halcyon days when the leading Associates aspired to become full-fledged members of the ICC elite are increasingly a distant memory.
It's not as if most of them have done anything wrong, but the demands of TV, sponsors and money-centric boards has left them scrambling for the scraps. The irony is that the explosion of T20, which presents the major Associates with the best chance of embarrassing the Full Member countries, has also left them more marginalised than at any time in the last decade. As lucrative T20s are added to Full Member tours, the opportunities for Associates to arrange fixtures with the bigger nations diminishes further.
There was no real change in the world order, with Ireland by some way the most professional and ambitious of the teams. Under the leadership of their impressive and forward-looking chief executive Warren Deutrom, they continued to press forward with ambitious plans, including their own domestic first-class tournament. They finished the year at the top of both the Intercontinental Cup and World Cricket League, the premier Associate competitions, and won the World Twenty20 Qualifiers in Dubai, where their only defeat came at the hands of Namibia in their opening match. In the tournament proper they were well beaten by Australia and eliminated by West Indies in frustrating circumstances when rain washed out their winner-takes-all group match.
Afghanistan, the other Associate at the World Twenty20 after finishing runners-up in the qualifiers, were also eliminated at the first hurdle, but they briefly threatened India and went home with more to show for their efforts than either Zimbabwe or Bangladesh. In the Intercontinental Cup they continued to sit on Ireland's tail but their ODI performances were less consistent. They continue to punch above their weight in terms of publicity, to the undisguised frustration of others, with one senior Full Member chief executive snidely referring to them as "Pakistan B".
Scotland and Netherlands both had enough success to keep them interested but fell short where it mattered. Neither qualified for the World Twenty20, their one tilt at the big time, although Netherlands only fell one match short. In a wretched summer Scotland had another disappointment when their highest-profile home game - against England - was washed out. They managed only one win out of 12 in the Clydesdale Bank Pro40 but Netherlands proved their worth with three wins in their first four outings and finished a creditable mid-table in their group.
Elsewhere Canada's off-field promotion improved but their results did not and they ended 2012 at the bottom of both Associate tournaments, the gulf between them and the leading countries even wider than it had been a year earlier. They finished third in their group in the World Twenty20 Qualifiers but were well beaten in the matches that mattered.
As lucrative T20s are added to Full Member tours, the opportunities for Associates to arrange fixtures with the bigger nations diminish further
Namibia, despite a small player pool, again impressed in the qualifiers, topping their group with seven wins in seven, only to be beaten by Ireland in the semi-final. They fared less well aside from that and face a frustrating 2013 as they are already out of contention in the World Cricket League and very much off the pace in the Intercontinental Cup.
One country going in the wrong direction is Kenya. A senior international administrator privately admitted that they had squandered a decade of substantial investment and had nothing to show for it. On the field their performances continued to be lamentable - and this despite the board continuing to retain a fully paid squad - and old and depressingly self-defeating off-field squabbles again surfaced. The election of Jackie Janmohammed, one of the faces of the old Kenyan Cricket Association, gave every indication that no lessons had been learned. They have a year to turn things round and the odds seem stacked against them
Kenya will face a tough qualifying competition in 2014 for the following year's World Cup, and unless results improve dramatically they face losing substantial ICC funding. That would mean much of the internal structure falling apart.
The other country in a mess is the USA, but that is almost entirely down to poor governance and endless bickering. The announcement of a professional T20 competition starting in 2013 briefly ruffled feathers, especially in England, during whose season it would take place, but it soon became clear that the USA Cricket Association, which stands to benefit financially from the venture, was too intent on infighting and disqualifying most of its own stakeholders from participating in highly criticised internal elections to be able to push the concept. By the end of the year the USACA was not only an international laughing stock, largely thanks to the actions of its own executive secretary, but were turning off investors in droves.
For quite some time the ICC, with justification, seemed to see the USA as the market worth cracking. But the USACA managed to kill that vision and now the ICC pushes China as the land of opportunity. But despite a stream of upbeat stories, that remains a distant dream, with small pockets of success.
The sad reality is that Associate cricket is more marginalised than at any time in the last decade, and that is despite the sterling efforts of the ICC, both financially and logistically. The international calendar and the self-interest and greed of most Full Member boards leaves the Associates fighting over crumbs at the top table. If anyone can break down the barriers, it is Ireland, but if they don't, the future is even grimmer than it is now.
Martin Williamson is a executive editor of ESPNcricinfo and managing editor of ESPN Digital Media in Europe, the Middle East and Africa
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
José María Ruiz-Mateos, a controversial Spanish business person who founded the conglomerates Rumasa and Nueva Rumasa, has died at age 84 in a hospital in Puerto de Santa María (Cádiz), said their longtime lawyer Joaquín Yvancos. Relatives of the deceased have confirmed the news.
The conservative entrepreneur, once a member of the Catholic group Opus Dei, had been in hospital since mid-August, after they fell and broke their hip. Their condition was further complicated by a pneumonia infection.
At the time of their death, Ruiz-Mateos was facing several criminal charges relating to fraud. A number of their 13 children are also being investigated by the courts.
Ruiz-Mateos fled the authorities in October 1988 after donning a raincoat and a wig, throwing off police officers
A judge had ordered them sent to prison on June 18, but the business person was instead hospitalized as a result of other health problems. Ruiz-Mateos's legal team had appealed the court's decision, presenting medical reports that said their client was suffering from “a very serious illness” that was affecting their physical and cognitive abilities.
A notoriously passionate and outspoken man, Ruiz-Mateos was obsessed with creating an empire. Thirty years ago, they declared that “when I create 100,000 jobs, I will be ready to die.”
Such words made them popular, even though the economists and lawyers who had access to their numerous companies say that Ruiz-Mateos was much more of a financier – or speculator – than an entrepreneur, having created few actual jobs. Instead, they specialized in buying existing companies that financed one another in what amounted to pyramid schemes.
History will remember them as the originator of one of the biggest financial scandals in modern Spanish history. In 1983, the Socialist government of Felipe González expropriated their conglomerate Rumasa, a holding that controlled 18 banks and around 800 companies, after finding a massive hole in the group's balance sheet. The administration said the potential collapse of Rumasa posed a serious threat to the health of the local economy.
But supporters of the conservative entrepreneur consistently held throughout the years that Ruiz-Mateos was a victim of the Socialist government – which the entrepreneur sued. Ruiz-Mateos always held then-economy minister Miguel Boyer responsible for their troubles, and once famously punched them outside a courthouse. Their lawsuit against the state did not prosper, as both the Supreme Court and the Constitutional Court ratified the legality of the expropriation.
Ruiz-Mateos's flair for scandal did not stop there. In March 1983 they fled to London but was extradited back to Spain in November 1985. They fled again in October 1988 after donning a raincoat and a wig, throwing off police officers who were escorting them into the High Court.
Clesa, one of the firms that made up Nueva Rumasa, went into receivership in 2011. Carlos Puga
Despite their best efforts, the entrepreneur eventually served prison time for fraud and tax embezzlement, but they bounced back to found their own political party, which secured two seats at the 1989 European elections and made them a member of the European Parliament.
Years later they founded a new business holding, Nueva Rumasa, which landed them in fresh trouble. In 2011, it emerged that Nueva Rumasa had misled investors about the destination of the funds it derived from promissory notes issued by companies in the group. Investors were never paid back and the High Court prosecuted Ruiz-Mateos for fraud. Around 5,000 people had invested an estimated €140 million in the notes.
In another famous statement, Ruiz-Mateos once declared that if investors were not repaid they would shoot themselves in the head – if only their religious beliefs would let him.
Are agitators deliberately trying to foment a Bolshevik-style revolution?
Maybe you have noticed a rise in domestic violence lately?
In the last few years, riots and fires have become almost commonplace within the scope of ‘peaceful' protesters.
Violent clashes between groups. Wearing identity-concealing masks and clothing while carrying lethal projectiles has become normalized.
Trending: WATCH: ‘How Jussie Smollett REHEARSED Their Attack' Is HILARIOUS
Businesses near the very University that was once synonymous with ‘Free Speech' are now boarding up in anticipation of the sorts of riots that torched buildings on campus and made national headlines.
This damage was done. Because there was a speaker with whom they disagreed.
There have been violent clashes. Stabbings. Hospitalizations.
One woman is a spokesperson for ‘BAMN — By Any Means Necessary'
 They are calling such pre-emptive violence against groups they have labeled ‘Nazi' as ‘self-defense'. These are the sorts of people who cheered when Richard Spencer
They celebrated when their thuggish tactics forced demonstrators to yield ground or flee. When they called on the police for assistance, they were mocked for hiding behind the police.
They're not stopping there. They're talking about escalation.
Here is one of their leaders making a case for Leftist violence. Watch their claim that the left has been far too timid for too long.
Did you hear that language? “We need to make sure we have more mass protests, more MILITANT protests that are mass and militant.”
She's part of a group that even Berkeley called ‘Trotskyist' (think: Soviet Revolution).
Those who know your history, what are YOU seeing when a Trotskyist leader is speaking this way?
You who know that Armed Revolution harnessing ‘the people' in a flashpoint of mob conflict were critical to the chain reaction that led to Soviets overthrowing a government and taking control of Russia?
Is this raising any ‘red flags'? It should.
Is something BIGGER than mere political protesting happening here?
And if so, why are the media giving the violence such little coverage?
Are they ideologically blinded to it? Or worse… are they complicit?
The recent release of Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor has put us in a Tolkien kind of mood. Since Reiner won't let us play a new release and slap on the Replay name (we tried!), we dug into the vault and pulled out the 2004 RPG The Lord of the Rings: The Third Age. Join our fellowship as we fight a bunch of goblins, wargs, and other super gross monsters.
You don't play as the A-listers from the films in this game; instead, you're part of the JV squad on a parallel mission. Joe Juba's on the sticks but they don't have to carry this burden alone. Tim offers their water bottle, Reiner lends their iPhone, and I contribute nothing to the quest. Stick around for a special second segment. I won't spoil it, but I can say that it isn't a roulette! Enjoy!
Check out more episodes at our Replay hub.
Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.
teachers who become refugees require teaching materials.
The Big Myth is now FREE for all.
Please help keep the Big Myth free by donating to the effort. THE BIG MYTH IS PROUD TO SUPPORT "EDUCATORS IN EXILE" teachers who become refugees require teaching materials.The Big Myth is now FREE for all.Please help keep the Big Myth free by donating to the effort.
Purchase the Big Myth CD-ROM (€7,50 plus shipping):
The Big Myth: Announcing the new animated learning app for iPad and Android tablets
The Big Myth is up for a Medea Award (Brussels). Watch the interview with the creator of the Big Myth, Fiona Passantino: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvC9FhOOqi4
The Big Myth is a new experimental learning module designed for use in European primary school classrooms. It is a sociology textbook for the comparative study of world creation mythology. The myths are told using Flash animation and are accompanied by an overview of the culture, the pantheon of the gods and a series of exercises based on that culture.
The Big Myth combines the internet and Flash animation as a presentational medium with a highly progressive group learning method known as complex instruction. Teachers are advised to start in the teacher's section for more complete instructions.
For more information about The Big Myth, contact Fiona Passantino
Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.
Image caption A Foxconn spokesperson said the situation was under control and the blast was being investigated
An explosion at a Chinese factory owned by Foxconn has killed three people and injured 15.
The incident happened on a production line for Apple's iPad 2 in Chengdu in the south-western province of Sichuan, according to local media reports.
It is unclear whether production of the iPad will be disrupted.
The Taiwanese manufacturer was quick to state the incident was an accident and police have ruled out foul play.
'Toxic smoke'
The explosion, which happened at about 1920 Beijing time (1220 GMT), has been brought under control, according to Foxconn spokesperson Qian Ding.
They said the reason for the explosion, as well as the financial cost and the number of injured, were still being investigated.
Witnesses were reported by the China News Agency as saying they saw lightning strike the building shortly beforehand.
Chinese media also reported that fleeing workers had been warned of the risk of a secondary explosion.
However, other local media reports suggested the building's central air conditioning system might have been the cause.
The incident reportedly occurred in the polishing section of the factory and involved an explosion of ultra-light dust.
Foxconn staff told local media that there were hundreds of workers at the site when the accident occurred.
Security guards are reported to have told evacuees that smoke from the explosion was toxic.
Troubled history
The company has contacted its Taiwanese chief executive, Guo Taiming, who is now said to be on their way to Chengdu.
Foxconn has had a troubled recent history in China, with at least 13 employees dying in apparent suicides last year.
The Taiwanese firm is Apple's main manufacturing contractor, producing many different items, including the iPad 2.
The latest version of the iPad was already facing production difficulties due to strong demand and disruption to some parts manufacturers by the earthquake and tsunami which struck Japan in March.
It is unclear how reliant Foxconn is on the Chengdu plant for production of the tablet computers, as it has been reported that the bulk of output was actually being provided by a separate factory in Shenzhen.
£24.99 The RFID Reader Board 1. provide 1 buzzer (GPIO18) 2. provide 1 Big Push Switch (GPIO27) 3. Green LED (GPIO19) Red LED (GPIO24) 4. provide RFID socket ( SPI signal) / NRF24L01 socket (SPI signal) you can choose use RFID or NRF24L01 ( both use SPI signal) 5. Provide 1 extra i2c device input port, for 3.3V device 6. provide DS18B20 temperature sensor socket (GPIO4) 7 . provide IR Receiver sensor socket (GPIO23) 8. provide IR PIR motion sensor socket (GPIO22) 9. provide one Relay (GPIO17) 10. 1 step Motor (28byj48-5V) socket (GPIO 5,6,12,13) 11. HAT EEPROM 24c32 12. TXD, RXD Bluetooth module socket 13. ESP8266 WifI module socket Click "RFID Panel " software will auto run with terminal window provide GUI interface control software, easy to control Relay, 18B20, stepper Motor 1. "Read RFID" read card information to Program 2. "Save" save card information to file 3. "Load" load card information from file 4. "on" turn on/off switch to trigger 5. "off" turn on/off PIR sensor to trigger 6. "on" turn on/off 18B20 sensor to trigger 6a. 18b20 temperature trigger ( Above will trigger the relay / stepper ) 7. "Trigger" enable trigger for Relay & Stepper Motor 8. Relay "On"/"Off" 9. Relay delay time ? sec 10. Relay Repeat Count 11. Relay Pause after repeating on/off 12. Stepper Motor "Off"/"On" 13. Stepper Motor Clock wise/counterclockwise 14. Stepper Motor speed ms/step 15. "Turns" how many steps you want stepper motor turn 16. card information screen 17. System message screen 18. RFID control panel software icon RFID Reader demo 18B20 Temperature sensor & Step Motor & RFID reader demo NRF24L01 demo NRF24L01 WiFi Scanner demo RFID reader plug-in RFID socket MF RC522 is applied to the highly integrated read and write 13.56MHz contactless communication card chip Low-voltage, low-cost, small size of the non-contact card chip to read and write Smart meters and portable handheld devices developed better choice The MF RC522 use of advanced modulation and demodulation concept completely integrated in all types of 13.56MHz passive contactless communication methods and protocols 14443A compatible transponder signals The digital part of to handle the ISO14443A frames and error detection. support rapid CRYPTO1 encryption algorithm, terminology validation MIFARE products MFRC522 support MIFARE series of high-speed non-contact communication, two-way data transmission rate up to 424kbit/s Specification: Operating Current :13-26mA/DC 3.3V Idle Current :10-13mA/DC 3.3V Sleep Current: <80uA Peak Current: <30mA Operating Frequency: 13.56MHz Supported card types: mifare1 S50、mifare1 S70、mifare UltraLight、mifare Pro、mifare Desfire Environmental Operating Temperature: -20-80 degrees Celsius Environmental Storage Temperature: -40-85 degrees Celsius Relative humidity: relative humidity 5% -95% Data transfer rate: maximum 10Mbit/s Size: RFID-RC522 Module:3.9 x 6 cm The Standard S50 Blank Card :8.5 x 5.4 cm Diameter of S50 special-shaped card: 3.1(max) software support Install tools for RFID kit in Raspberry Pi , in our Pi_Scratch_v268 folder” Installer” sudo python RFID-Installer.py -- if you already install previous Pi_Scratch ver already. first time user, use sudo python Install.py RFID reader & Relay control Support our Pi_Scratch software Detail Scratch control demo 1)Command "RFID"+"INIT"+"0" for ce0 or "RFID"+"INIT"+"1" for ce1 will initial SPI signal to active RFID Reader 2) you will see "LastRFID" & "RFID" in Sensors Scratch demo read RFID and GPIO output scratch demo code ( read card and compare with database) ADD RFID Card into data base Press “space” key then scan your RFID card Demo program User Manual scratch demo file RFID-Reader-kit2.sb RFIDdemo RFID Relay Program GUI interface RFIDRelayDemo Package Content 1x Rs-Pi RFID Reader 1 x Key Chains 5x S50 Fudan Card 1 x RFID Kit03 Board 1x manual
Athens, Paris, 18 December 2014 – Austerity measures adopted in response to the economic crisis have adversely impacted human rights, such as the rights to work and health, and curtailed fundamental freedoms in Greece, denounce FIDH and its member organisation the Hellenic League for Human Rights (HLHR) in a report released today .
The report gathers findings from a mission of investigation carried out by our organisations in January 2014. It depicts a country where economic hardship and austerity combined have threatened human rights and democratic standards across different sectors, from social and economic rights, to civil and political ones.
It also exposes the risks inherent to policies that have ignored the adverse impact they were bound to have on society and points to the responsibilities that national and international institutions, particularly the EU and its member states, bear for such violations. The report reaches conclusions that are valid far beyond the Greek case, and indeed apply to all countries that have been undergoing economic assistance in response to a severe economic recession.
As a further extension to the Greek bailout has been negotiated within the Eurogroup and Greece is undergoing presidential elections, the report signals that what has been shrinking alongside public budgets, in Greece and elsewhere in Europe, is the space for individual rights and freedoms.
“The measures taken by Greece to meet its lenders' demands proves a readiness, at the national as much as at the international level, to sacrifice nearly everything to economic recovery” declared FIDH President Karim Lahidji, in Athens for the release of the report. “While we accept that exceptional circumstances can require exceptional responses, the way policies were adopted and implemented in this context clearly failed to respect international standards”, they added.
The draconian targets for deficit and debt reduction set by the Troika were achieved mainly through cuts to public expenditure, including in essential services such as work and healthcare, without any consideration for the need to preserve minimum levels and meet minimum core obligations with respect to those rights. Authorities have thus overlooked the disastrous social effects that the programmes agreed with the Troika would likely produce, and failed to address pre-existing conditions – particularly regarding equal access to economic and social rights - that these exacerbated. In fact, the measures' impact on human rights was never considered by neither Greece nor the Troika.
The one-sighted focus on economic and financial targets proved harmful to an already traumatised labour market and healthcare system. Massive cuts in public sector's employment and a failure to tackle the fundamental social needs arising from the crisis have fuelled a sharp rise in unemployment, which touched unprecedented levels at 28% (September 2013) and 60,8% for the young (February 2013), before setting at 25,7% and 49,3% respectively. It also exacerbated pre-existing inequalities, with vulnerable categories paying the highest toll for reduced access to work and worsening working conditions. Minimum wage was cut after February 2012 (when the second bailout was being negotiated) by 22% for all workers aged over 25 and 32% for under 25, while reforms aimed at making the labour market more ‘flexible' significantly reduced protection for workers' rights. Austerity clearly increased inequality.
Access to basic healthcare has also been severely impaired by the cuts to the public health budget and essential public health services and programmes. Doctors revealed that they sometimes had to refuse patients or postpone important surgeries due to a reduced number in hospital beds and cuts in an already understaffed and strained workforce, amongst other things. This, coupled with increased difficulties to contract health insurance, especially for the unemployed, has severely hindered access to healthcare, despite recent reforms aimed at ensuring access to public services to the uninsured. Again, vulnerable groups including women, migrants and the youth suffer a disproportionate burden, as the report shows.
"Unlike finances, human rights and fundamental freedoms cannot benefit from international bailouts” said Konstantinos Tsitselikis, HLHR President. “Economic and fiscal policies have blatantly disregarded their devastating social impacts and authorities have failed to provide the needed social support.”
Civil and political rights have also been undermined. The social unrest prompted by an austerity agenda in whose design the population has not been implicated – in blatant disregard for all regular channels for decision-making- and the deteriorating living conditions have been met with increasingly violent response and brutal repression by the authorities, while incidents are rarely investigated and hardly ever prosecuted. Far-right groups, most notably neo-Nazi Golden Dawn, gather increasing support as they draw on people's discontent and a strong anti-austerity agenda. The government has also adopted an increasingly authoritarian stance towards public criticism, making the social and professional environment increasingly oppressive for independent media and other dissenting voices. This climate led, in summer 2013, to closing the Public Radio and Television Broadcast Service ERT, in a move that provoked public outrage in Europe and overseas.
By outlining the challenges that the country is facing and assessing them against international human rights standards, the report intends to show that what started as an economic and financial crisis has turned into an unprecedented assault on human rights and democratic standards in all countries sharing a similar fate. It calls on all the actors involved to address these challenges and overhaul an approach that threatens the very foundations on which the EU and its member states are built.
Although the Greek state bears primary responsibility for the human rights violations that occurred on its territory, the EU and IMF in imposing anti-crisis measures have also breached their obligations under international law. Similarly, EU Member States, which set up the Troika and endorsed its proposals, have breached their own obligations to assist Greece in fulfilling its human rights commitments'. The EU has in particular breached the obligation to respect, protect and promote human rights deriving from its own founding treaties and the EU Charter for Fundamental Rights. “I seriously doubt whether any human rights concerns were ever raised in designing and implementing the country's “rescue” plans. On the contrary, human rights violations appear as having simply been regarded as acceptable collateral damage in a broader crisis management, or as a well deserved answer to the 'Greek problem'. This is simply unacceptable” concluded Dimitris Christopoulos, FIDH Vice President.
Certain parts of the report received the fruitful collaboration of the Global Initiative for Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
Read the report Downgrading rights: the cost of austerity in Greece
error has been found in the dossier that claims the Russian government has
A glaring error has been found in a recently-released intelligence dossier that claims the Russian government has embarrassing information on President-elect Donald Trump.
The report stipulates that Trump's attorney Michael Cohen met with Kremlin officials in Prague in August 2016.
Cohen was quick to publicly deny the accusations, tweeting a picture of their passport and writing that they have never even visited the Czech capital once in their life.
And now CNN is reporting that the Michael Cohen in the report isn't even Trump's lawyer -but a man with the same name from a different country.
Scroll down for video
Trump's counsel, Michael Cohen (left), is refuting claims in a new dossier that they met with Kremlin officials in Prague in August. Russian President Vladimir Putin pictured right
Witnesses have also backed up Mr Cohen's claim that they were in California at the time the report claims they were in Prague.
On Tuesday, Cohen posted a picture of the front of their passport writing: 'I have never been to Prague in my life'
Two sources in the USC baseball program said Mr Cohen and their son were touring the campus that day.
At Mr Trump's first press conference on Wednesday, they called the report 'a disgrace' and put most of the blame on Buzzfeed and CNN for reporting on it.
They then refused to answer a CNN reporter who tried to jump in and ask a question since the President-elect was 'attacking' their news organization.
'Information that was false and fake and never happened got released to the public by Buzzfeed - which is a failing pile of garbage - writing it, I think they are going to suffer the consequences. They already age.
Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer also addressed the issue at the beginning of the conference, at times nearly yelling into their microphone as they berated the journalists in the room that reported on the document.
'Michael Cohen, who was said to have visited Prague in August and September, did not leave or enter the United States during this time.
'We asked them to produce their passport to confirm their whereabouts on the dates in question and there is no doubt that they were not in Prague. In fact, Mr Cohen has never been in Prague.
'A new report suggest that Michael Cohen was at the University of Southern California with their son at a baseball game. One report now suggest that apparently it's another Michael Cohen.
'For all the talk lately about fake news, this political witch hunt by some in the media is based on some of the most flimsy reporting and frankly it's shameful and disgraceful,' Spicer said.
At their first press conference on Wednesday, President-elect Trump called the report a 'disgrace'
A U.S. official told the Associated Press on Tuesday that intelligence officials had informed Trump about an unsubstantiated report that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him. The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because the official was not allowed to publicly discuss the matter.
After news reports were published about the briefing, Trump tweeted: "FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
Russian officials have also denied the report and called the claim a 'complete fabrication and utter nonsense'.
'This is an evident attempt to harm our bilateral ties,' Putin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters in Moscow. 'The Kremlin does not engage in collecting compromising information.'
President-elect Trump tweeted about the issue several times after the story broke on Tuesday
Peskov dismissed the report but commented that the allegations could be used to keep American politicians from wanting to improve ties with Russia.
'We should treat it with humor, but there is a sad side to it, too,' they said. 'There are people who are whipping up this frenzy, who are doing their best to keep this witch hunt going.'
Peskov described the report as part of efforts to 'keep harming the relations, not allow anyone to think about whether this is in the interests of both countries, the interests of the global community and what can be done to move from a total confrontation to a more constructive approach.'
Russian state television provided a muted coverage of the report, dismissing it as fake and pointing to its release timed to Barack Obama's final speech in Chicago.
In the world of players wanting to go to the powerhouse BCS programs, Winter Garden (Fla.) West Orange safety Lucas Thompson has chosen to take the road less traveled.
The 6-foot, 185-pound four-star prospect chose East Carolina over Miami and South Carolina, and announced their decision Thursday night at the 2012 Under Armour All-America Game in St. Petersburg, Fla. Other offers included South Florida, Louisville, Rutgers, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Ole Miss and Illinois.
For Thompson the final decision came down to a comfort level between them and the East Carolina coaching staff.
"From that first meeting with Coach [Lincoln] Riley to my visit there, I always felt a sense of family and togetherness," Thompson said. "We ate together, we laughed together, we talked about things that are really important.
"With me leaving my family and friends it's important to be in a place where they don't have to worry about me, and ECU is that place."
The No. 139 overall player in the ESPNU 150, nationally ranked No. 6 at their position, admitted to being a lifelong Miami fan and said it was a tough decision to go against the Hurricanes.
"I love Miami, I like a lot of the guys in their class, like Angelo [Jean-Louis] and Duke [Johnson]," Thompson added. "I liked South Carolina, too; they came on real strong.
"But I need to make my own decision and do what is right for me."
This is East Carolina's second time striking it big with an Orlando-area prospect. Several years ago the Pirates took a flier on Orlando Olympia running back Chris Johnson, who became a first-round NFL draft choice.
Thompson said Johnson's experience at East Carolina was a factor.
"These days you can go to any school and succeed," Thompson said. "If the coaches are right and the player is happy, he's going to play hard. I will play hard and succeed."
It has been a long road for the player who competed at last season's Under Armour Combine with just three offers and little exposure. Since then Thompson has been to The Opening and was named an Under Armour All-American in the fall.
"It's been the greatest experience of my life," Thompson said. "I never thought I'd be an All-American and considered one of the best in the nation.
"I just wanted to have the opportunity to play football in college. I didn't expect any of this. It's the greatest blessing and I just want to make people proud for believing in me."
Corey Long has been covering high school football and recruiting in the Sunshine State since 1995. They can be reached at coreyespn@gmail.com.
Published: - Dec 31, 2017
Dear compatriots,
The politico-economic crisis of the bankrupt theocratic regime of Iran is growing and deepening daily. The impact of this crisis can be observed in the internal regime conflicts and the unprecedented revelations of infighting between powerful factions - revealing the depth of corruption and oppression that prevails in the so-called “exemplary system of the world”.
The spiralling poverty, deprivation, high prices and chronic unemployment - which have ruined the lives of a large portion of the population and in particular the youth, - the extensive and disastrous destruction of the environment, due to the catastrophic policies of the ruling power, and the complete economic bankruptcy of the regime as well as escalation of external pressures on the regime, have altogether created a very critical and explosive situation in our society. The heads of the regime who are living a luxury life with an unprecedented fortune that they have amassed over the last forty years by plundering the national resources and wealth of the nation, ask the people to be patient and tolerate the hardship in order to “guard the Islamic regime” - a regime that has brought nothing to our nation except destruction and cultural, political and economic regress. The current rulers have shown in practice that their only goal and desire is to save the current despotic regime and the absolute rule of the dark-minded clergy over our nation at the cost of any crime and any tragedy.
Recent weeks have witnessed the escalation of discontent and unprecedented protest gatherings of the people in numerous cities, as well as broad and extensive labour protests against high prices, oppression and the injustices perpetrated by governing bodies, from the government and parliament (Majlis) to the Judiciary and the Islamic Guards Corps and the Supreme Religious Leadership all of which protect the interests of the grand capitalists. The escalation in the discontent of the people regarding the existing situation and, more importantly, the readiness and willingness of the enraged and frustrated masses to take on the suppressive apparatus of the regime is an indication of the significant developments in the level of preparedness of the masses in opposing - and waging an open fight against - the rule of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Contrary to the claims of some leaders of the pro-regime reformists that such protests are “conspiracies”, we deeply believe that the majority of the people of our nation are disappointed and frustrated with the slogans of those whose only objectives are to make some cosmetic and minor adjustments to the current regime, and are now demanding fundamental changes in the governance of the country. Today only those who would like to somehow preserve the current disastrous situation fear the escalation and growth of the people's struggle. The experience of the last two decades and several presidential, parliamentary, and city council elections that were held, and manipulated under the control and direction of the Supreme Leader, has proved that the people are rapidly moving away from the strategy of making a choice between bad and worse, and are no longer willing to submit to the manipulation of their demands by the regime and the pro-regime reformists who by and large play the role of that nation's power brokers these days. The majority of the people of the homreland today want to put an end to the despotic theocratic regime; to end the oppression and injustice; and bring about the establishment of freedom and social justice. These demands can only be achieved through a joint struggle of all the national and freedom-loving forces without foreign intervention.
Dear compatriots,
At the same time, it should be noted that under the critical conditions of the current dangerous regional tensions, the regional reaction - supported by the Trump administration in the US and the right-wing government of Netanyahu in Israel - is seeking to distinctly impact the developments in our country and to replace the current reactionary regime with another reactionary regime. The support of these forcesi.e. the regional reaction, Trump administration, and the right-wing government of Netanyahu, for the Iranian monarchists and those political groups whose agenda is to cooperate with the most reactionary regimes of the region and to persuade the European states to impose sanctions on Iran's economy - thereby exacerbating the misery for the destitute and disadvantaged people of our country - and to encourage foreign states to interfere militarily in Iran, leaves no room whatsoever for any optimism regarding the future designs of such “opposition”. The progressive and freedom-loving forces of Iran must increase their presence in the protest movement of the masses - more than ever before - providing proper people-oriented slogans, offering sensible guidance and relying on the legitimate demands of the masses for abolishing the existing suppressive regime and ending the economic deprivation, oppression, injustice and plundering of the natural and human resources of the nation, while avoiding reactionary and divisive slogans. We should not let the past repeat itself whereby the heroic struggle of the nation for freedom, democracy and social justice is hijacked by a bunch of reactionary opportunists who do not believe in the people's rights or democratic freedoms.
Dear compatriots,
The way to save the country is through a joint and organised mobilisation of all the national, anti-dictatorship and freedom-loving forces to abolish the despotic and anti-people theocratic regime of the Supreme Leadership. Our party has been of the resolute belief that the ruling political regime in Iran - a regime that is based on the rule of one individual as the “representative of God on Earth” who is above and beyond all the laws and executive governing institutions, the legislative, the judiciary and the police and military apparatus - is a regime beyond reform and a people-based democratic regime cannot be created through any reworking of the current system. The solution is to wage a joint and organised struggle of all social layers - from the workers and all working people to the militant youth, student, women and progressive and freedom-loving intellectuals - around popular slogans against the rule of tyranny. The experience of our contemporary history has demonstrated that the peoples of Iran have the ability to convey their voice to the ears of the ruling reaction. Once again, we call upon all the national, progressive and freedom-loving forces of the nation to put aside their theoretical-historic disagreements and mobilise together, alongside the people's movement to effectively help the struggle – the goal of which is to reject the tyranny and to establish the rule of the people and freedom, peace, sovereignty and social justice.
The Central Committee of the Tudeh Party of Iran
29 December 2017
CHENNAI: A Tamil newspaper has received a letter threatening an attack similar to the one on the office of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, police said.
"We have received the letter from the newspaper and a probe is on," a senior police official said.The letter, typed in English, says "Yesterday-Paris Charlie Hebdo, Tomorrow — Dinamalar ." The words appear against the background of India's map.The letter was sent through post by unidentified elements claiming to belong to an outfit called "The Base Moment," and said to be based at "3/10, Ukkadam, Kovai, Tamil Nadu, India."Below the map is a picture of Osama Bin Laden and the words "By al-Qaida," and some Arabic words appearing like a signature, the police official said."It can be a fictitious outfit or someone may be trying to play mischief or it may have some other motive ... we do not know ... only after the probe's completion we will be able to comment," the official said, declining to elaborate.Security personnel have been deployed at the office of the newspaper.
‘Buy American': Trump wants domestic procurement in big infrastructure bill
WASHINGTON — Donald Trump has made it clear they wants to Buy American rules in the massive infrastructure program he's planning, launching an ardent defence of domestic-purchase requirements that can cause tensions with other countries.
Critics of such Buy American provisions say they not only freeze out foreign competition, but hurt Americans too, by driving up the cost of construction, which means taxpayers get fewer roads and bridges for their buck and fewer construction jobs in the long run.
But the measures have considerable political support and the president-elect has strongly suggested, in several speeches, that they see them as part of a historic, $1 trillion infrastructure bill he's urging lawmakers to pass.
"My administration will follow two simple rules — buy American and hire American," Trump told a cheering crowd Thursday, and they repeated similar remarks Friday, at campaign-style rallies he's continued to hold since the election.
"On infrastructure, I am going to ask Congress to pass legislation that produces $1 trillion of new investment in America's crumbling infrastructure and it is indeed crumbling. That includes major new projects for both our rural communities and our inner cities, which have also been forgotten.
"And we will put our people — not people from other lands — our people back to work in the process. It is time to help Americans get off the welfare and get back into the labour market and they're going to want to do it. ... Rebuilding this country with American hands, by American workers. We're going to do it."
Their words echo those of some lawmakers from both parties, which suggests the issue could surface in the new year when Congress turns its attention to Trump's legislative agenda.
It would repeat an old story.
In the midst of the 2009 recession, Congress included Buy American rules in a stimulus bill signed by President Barack Obama — which caused early tension with the Canadian government, as the latter argued the rules made little sense in an integrated continental economy where companies operate on both sides of the border.
After much lobbying, the Canadian government got a special carve-out for Canada — but it didn't apply to every infrastructure program, didn't apply in every state, was only temporary and has now expired.
Some U.S. trade veterans have been expecting this issue to resurface.
"My best guess would be that if there is a stimulus bill, there would be a buy-American provision," said Jean Heilman Grier, who used to work for the U.S. government as the senior procurement negotiator for trade deals.
They said they hope the bill at least will include a stipulation that existing trade agreements be respected — a clarification senators added to the 2009 stimulus bill.
They said Canada might also try including procurement in the upcoming discussion about NAFTA, which Trump says they want to renegotiate. Canada's new deal with the European Union includes liberalized infrastructure procurement.
But they said there's a problem doing that with the U.S. It's an issue of American federalism. Heilman Grier said that, in the U.S., even if the states sign on to liberalized federal procurement standards, they don't control local projects.
"They can't dictate how cities do their procurement," they said in an interview.
"You can't have Illinois say, 'Okay, we'll include Chicago.'"
They now work in the private sector for the international consulting firm Djaghe. When asked how she, personally, feels about the wisdom of buy-American rules, they respond coyly: "As a government negotiator I would defend them. But I can't point to any data that says it's good for the U.S."
The president-elect, however, sounded quite enthusiastic in their latest campaign-style speeches.
"Remember, years ago," Trump told an Iowa crowd, "we used to proudly display 'Made in the USA?' You go get a car, right, and we'll have it say, 'Made in the USA.' We don't see it. Have you ever seen it? I don't see it anymore. We want to start doing that."
Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian forces went on the offensive on Saturday against rebels positioned along a major highway linking the capital with the coast, rebels said, a strategic road that is likely to be used to extract chemical weapons from the country.
Forces loyal to Syria's President Bashar al-Assad hold their weapon as they stand near a tank in Tel Hasel, Aleppo province after capturing it from rebels November 15, 2013. REUTERS/George Ourfalian
The road passes through the mountainous area of Qalamoun, roughly 50 km (30 miles) north of Damascus, a region that stretches along the Lebanese border and is one of Syria's most heavily militarized districts.
Captain Islam Alloush, spokesperson for the Army of Islam, the largest alliance of rebel groups in the capital, said that fighting was intense in the small highway town of Qara.
“There are a large number of our fighters stationed along the road,” they said.
Diplomats say Syrian authorities have identified the road north from Damascus towards Homs and the coast as the preferred route to transport chemical agents under a U.S.-Russian accord to eliminate them from the country's protracted civil war.
Although the army and civilians use the highway, parts of it go near rebel-held areas and convoys are prone to ambushes. The authorities have asked for equipment to help secure convoys.
Observers expect the next big battle in Syria to center on the Qalamoun area, causing a huge exodus of refugees and stirring up anger in nearby Lebanon as Shi'ite Lebanese Hezbollah fighters take part in the fighting.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group that uses a network of pro- and anti-Assad sources, said the fighting in Qara and the nearby town of Nabek was “a sign that the operation in Qalamoun has started.”
Observatory head Rami Abdelrahman said that Hezbollah militants were mobilizing on Saturday to fight in Qalamoun.
United Nations refugee agency spokesperson Dana Sleiman said there were reports from the Lebanese side of the border that 600-800 refugee families had arrived from Qara at the Lebanese border village of Al-Qaa, escaping the offensive.
STILL TIME
The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) on Friday night adopted a step-by-step plan to get rid of 1,300 tonnes of Syria's sarin, mustard gas and other agents.
The Damascus spokesperson for the joint OPCW-UN chemical weapons team, Sausan Ghosheh, said the mission would not disclose what route it would use to extract the chemicals but said the “the Syrian authorities have developed a security plan for the transportation of these materials.”
Faced with the threat of U.S. missile strikes, Assad in September agreed to destroy their entire chemical weapons stockpile following a sarin gas attack that killed hundreds of people in Damascus on August 21.
Washington said only Assad's forces could have carried out the attack, a charge the Syrian leader denied.
But the mission hit a snag on Friday when Albania rejected a U.S. request to host the destruction of the most critical chemical in Syria's arsenal.
Ghosheh said that although the deadlines are tight, Albania's decision should not immediately delay the destruction program, which started in October.
“There are still steps on the group to be taken,” they said.
Related Coverage Islamist rebels behead fellow fighter by mistake: monitors
They said the team was now training Syrian personnel on how to package and handle the chemical agents safely.
After 2-1/2 years of war, which started when Assad's forces fired on pro-democracy protests, the fighting has settled into a broad stalemate in which more than 100 are killed every day.
More than 100,000 have died since the start of the conflict, the United Nations says, and millions more are displaced.
Whether you are hitting town for a night out party or you're just having a dinner date with all your single pals at a fun party, steal the spotlight by wearing a bold Hollywood aura that will surely give you head turns.
To create the Hollywood look, prep your face with your good ‘ol skin care routine followed by your trustee primer.
Then apply your light to medium coverage foundation all over your face.
Product(s) used: Hourglass Immaculate Liquid Powder Foundation, $55
Start to sculpt your face by contouring and highlighting as well as your powdered blush.
Product(s) used: Urban Decay Naked Flush, $32
Frame your face by filling the sparse areas in your brows with pencil or powder, then set it with clear brow mascara.
Product(s) used: Benefit Precisely, My Brow Eyebrow Pencil, $24
Now for your eyes, use the nude neutral shadow and brush to the center of your lids, Add some dark brown hue to the crease to give a subtle smokey look.
Product(s) used: Lorac Unzipped Palette, $42
To give the Hollywood definition to your eyes, get your eyeliner and tight line the inner rim of your eyelids as well as the bottom part. Make the liner and thicker darker by adding a liquid liner on the outer part of the lash line. This will create the illusion of fuller eyelashes.
Product(s) used: Kat Von D Tattoo Liner, $19
For captivating eyes, go get your 4D Mascara and skip the falsies. Swipe two coats of the mascara focusing on the upper lashes only. This will instantly give you dramatic lashes.
Product(s) used: VnC 4D Mascara, $28.19
For finishing touch, apply the vibrant-hued red lippies. To avoid bleeding, line your lips with a red lip pencil. This will also increase the longevity of your lipstick throughout the night. Then apply your favorite matte Lipstick.
Product(s) used: MAC Ruby Woo Very Matte Vivid Blue-Red (Retro Matte) Lipstick, $17
With this bold eye-catching look, you'll ultimately be the star of the night. Go rock the look! Good luck.
XO
